What are the best physical chemistry textbooks for IITs?
What are the best books for GATE (electrical engineering) and any tips or suggestions for preparation, will be a great help?
What are your favorite humorous passages from a science article or book?
Is Universal Self Scorer a good book for the JEE Mains and Advanced?
What are some must-read books for a 17-year-old who wants to be an entrepreneur?
What are some good value for money book subscription boxes available in India?
What are the best CSIR life sciences books to prepare to crack the exam by 100%?
What are the settings of the novel "The Metamorphosis of Prime Intellect" by Roger Williams?
Can Awdhesh Singh Sir share the names of his favourite top 10 self-help books?
Which books should I read for the CAT exam preparation?
Which is your most favorite book in Harry Potter series? And what makes it your favorite?
What are the differences between the old edition and new edition of IIT JEE books?
What books are available to learn about the history behind the naming of roads in Kolkata?
What is the complete list of books one needs to read to clear UPSC with Political Science as an optional?
What is the best book that explores the big 5 personality traits of human behavior?
Which are the best books for a 11 -12 th class student to prepare for SAT?
Which books are best to prepare for IIT-JAM/TIFR/JEST (Physics) and BSc. Physics university exams?
What is the best books for engineering concepts?
Where can I find a list of books with archaic language?
I'm planning on majoring in finance, someone provide me with a decent sized list of books that I should read?
Which books are the best for preparation for the Bank of India credit officer exam 2017?
Which is the best book on energetics (physics)?
Is it possible to learn finance by oneself by reading books, than going to a B-School?
Which books can I download for free in order to prepare for the general awareness part of the SSC CGL?
What are the best books for learning about finance?
Which books are best to prepare for the 2017 Bank of India credit officer exam?
Which books should a person have to read to get to the same level as Elon Musk or Bill Gates?
In a bag, there are 5 green books, 5 red books and 5 blue books. In how many ways can we fill 3 vacant places with these 15 books?
What is a good book or resource for studying the history of special relativity?
How do you keep a book's cover from suspending?
Which are the best detailed books for learning ethical hacking from scratch?
What are the best metapapers about entrepeneurship development?
Which are the best books to learn Fortran?
Which are the best reference books for IIT preparation in class 11?
To which book should I refer to crack NEET?
Which book is good for TV & radar engineering?
How should I prepare for law and audits? Should I learn exactly the same language in books, or else can I use my own?
Is there any book about the relationship between music and math?
What kind of book or series could help stigma associated with suicide?
What are some of the best chemistry books that I should refer for my IIT JEE preparation for all the three sections (physical, organic and inorganic)?
What are the best books for class 9 maths and science?
Which books can I read to get *UNBAISED* insights of Naxalism in India?
Could anybody show me a sample of a book report?
Which is the best book shop for selling used books in Chennai?
When I'm reading a book or watching a series, is it normal to stress all the time about when I'll finish it?
What are the best books to learn about the space race?
Which books should I prefer for metric spaces and complex analysis?
What is the best book for the JEE for heat and thermodynamics?
What are some of the best self-help books for a 22-year-old guy?
Which is a great book about couple's communication?
How do you retain the best takeaways from your favourite books? Are there any hacks for doing so?
Which 10-20 nonfiction books should one read to become a truly educated person?
How can I purchase a collection of books within several genres cheaply and have them shipped to Nigeria?
Which Mathematics books do MIT/Stanford undergraduates use for Mathematics major?
Should I self-study German with an app or with a grammar book?
What are the best books for CLAT prep?
Which books has a similar heroine like Susannah Simon (The Mediator)?
Do we have some website or book to learn hacking?
What are the best books for civil engineering in order to crack the GATE for ESE?
What do we already know about "thoughts"? What field of science studies them? What are some book suggestions?
How often does Gordon Miller read books?
What is the best reference book for class 9?
Which books are recommended for the ADC preliminary exam?
What are the books that are the must reads for a first-time startup founder?
What are the mathematics books to be followed to get strong in basics and fundamentals for Gate?
What are some of the best short books (i.e. less than 250 pages)?
Which are the most appropriate books/materials for the sociology optional?
Which is the best book for the IIT JEE 2019 physics and mathematics theory parts?
Which is the best book for an Indian Navy tradesman?
What topics do Leonard Susskind’s The Theoretical Minimum and his book Classical Mechanics cover? What's the difference between the two books?
What are the best books for practicing PCM for JEE Mains and Advanced from basic to hard problems?
How can I find books related to my passion?
What are the best inspiration and public speaking books to read?
What is the best book introducing the basics of biostatistics and concepts like distributions, hypothesis testing and the like?
Which books are good for me to read during my free time (fantasy is my choice)?
Which book is best for concept clearing in Maths for BITSAT?
What are the best books for cracking Gate ECE and CAT?
What are books that teach on how to make money?
Can somebody help me to find a book which will help me know about phrases like'honey trape'?
What are some of the best lines ever written in any novel?
I'm considering taking a PhD in neurochemisty, which books I need to read to get into the subject?
Do you have any book suggestions similar to The Mortal Instruments?
What are the best Finance and stock books for a 17y old?
Can I really live out my fantasies like I've read about in fiction novels and seen in pornographic films?
What is the best guide book for CBSE for science?
Which of Norman Lewis’ publications is better, Goyal or Penguin India?
I'm researching on Mata Hari's tactics as a spy. What books and references can you recommend?
Which is the best reference book for CSE branch?
What are the must-read texts in Philosopy of Language?
What are the best reference books for CA-IPC Group 2?
Which book of Physics is best for the preparation of JEE Advanced?
Can you name an appropriate book for practising wavy curves and modulus?
What is the best reasoning book for SSC bank exam etc.?
Which book is best for Urdu poetry?
How do I learn C network programming? Is there a book I can study?
Which are the books to read or online courses to do if I want to invest in the stock market (I'm a noob)?
What are the best academic books on finance?
Which is the best book to study chemistry from?
What class is good for NET mathematics preparation? Or how can I pass the exam by studying by myself? What are the best books?
Which is the best book to learn about calculus which is required to start learning quantum mechanics?
How good are books like E. Balagurusamy’s to actually prepare you for the real world?
Which are best Urdu and Hindi shayari books and writers I should read?
Is anyone interested in vintage books, circa 1850 - 1950? Various topics: gardening, jazz, embroidery, religion, poetry, novels.
Which is the best book for cell biology and genetics for a bachelor’s course?
What is the best book, CA IPCC Costing and FM, or is Paduka better?
What is the best picture book for children learning to read?
What is the scope of books like Harry Potter in India? Do you think Indian readers will accept this type of book if it is written by an Indian author?
Which books do you recommend 20-year-olds to read before they reach 30?
Which books should one refer to for the CAT’s grammar and vocabulary sections?
What are some great Indian historical books (or novels)?
Punjabi is my mother tongue. Has anyone taken Punjabi as a compulsory language exam in the UPSC? What is it like, and which books should I study?
What's the latest book for PHP which involves the latest features and techniques for an intermediate developer?
What are some great books, in PDF format, for the international mathematics Olympiad?
What's a really good book?
Resonance DLPD modules vs Arihant books for JEE which one is better?
Which book is the best for current affairs for the CDS exam?
Which book is the most reliable for the JEE Advanced level physical chemistry theory?
What are the required reference books for UPSC CSE Mains preparation?
What is the best book of reasoning for recent banking exams?
What is the best speaking English book?
Is it worth buying the RxSwift book?
Which book should I refer to in order to crack the Karnataka State Psi exam?
How do I prepare for KVPY SX maths exam? Which topics should be done from which books?
Which book contains the story of King David?
How do I develop a deeper understanding of the stock market, and basically the secondary market? Please suggest ways to learn more or the names of some good books on finance and economics, etc.?
Which book best explains about energy in physics?
What are the books to be preferred to become a top tax auditor?
What are some good books about physics and science for a starter?
What is the best book from which to learn advanced C++ and get familiar with Java Native Interface (JNI)?
What are some good books on the history of the nationalist movement in Indochina?
What are the best Gujarati classic fiction books?
What are some books that romanticize mental illness?
Is CA Aaditya Jain good for SFM from an exam point of view, or is he just good for gaining financial knowledge?
Which book provides tier 2 maths question bank for SSC CGL?
What books can I read for self improvement and thinking?
How can I prepare for MAH-MCA-CET with just self-study? What book can I use?
What are some good books (in English) to read to understand the social issues in rural Taiwan?
Where can I get solutions to concept application exercises of Cengage books?
Which is better: Pritesh Singh’s or Rajamahendran’s surgery book?
What are some good books that explain software development process?
What themes in fiction do people want to read about today?
What are some good graduate-level mathematics books up to the pro level?
Which maths book is best for class 9?
Which books or sites should I refer to for studying the basics of XML?
What are the five best books on diets and healthy lifestyle?
What are the best ways for introverts to promote books they've authored?
What is the best book you suggest to learn about viruses for someone with very little background in biology?
Are you a part of the book whistling silence?
Is there a book about physics that is accessible and easy to read for an adult?
What are the best books to learn about Business English?
What kind of book should I read as a freshman recruiter? Or, what things should I learn deeper, so I could be a master in interviews?
What is the best book about wealth management for beginners?
In what order should I read Pushkin, Turgenev, Gogol, Dostoevsky, and Tolstoy?
What is the best book on calculus that teaches us the calculus required to understand quantum mechanics?
What is the reference maths book for gate EE?
What is the best model-posing reference book (or how-to-pose-a-model-in-fashion book)?
Which books are good to learn 'யாப்பிலக்கணம்' (Yappu Ilakkanam)?
What are some books on organic gardening?
Can you suggest books or other resources which explain why people don't expect or think about contingencies/failure?
Are there any books only about Russian noun declension?
Which books do I need to refer to, for the Vizag Steel management trainee exam for metallurgical engineering?
Which is the best book for IPCC law and taxation having lots of questions for practice?
What are the best self-study books for cracking the CAT 2017? I am a CA and will be taking the CAT for the first time. I have not touched Math since class X.
Are there any essential books for scoring higher marks in mathematics for the CDS exam?
What sci-fi books have non-human main characters?
What books should I gift my 12 year nephew to build up his reading habits? He is from London.
Are there any short textbooks on molecular and cellular biology?
As a MBA student, how can one learn apart from books?
What are some good books?
To what extent do 21st Century discoveries about Ancient Rome affect the credibility of history books published in the 20th Century?
I'm close to finish reading calculus by stewart. So what books should read next?
What is the best way to publicize my non-fiction book? How do I find reputable publicists? What is a typical budget?
Which book is best for Madhya Pradesh general knowledge?
What are the list of best books for digital logic design?
What are some books having good calculus questions from the basic to the advanced level?
What are some good books on Renaissance art history discussed in the context of the socio-political change?
What is the most life changing book you've ever read?
What are the standard text books for environmental engineering?
Is there any book that introduces Japan's biological warfare?
Which are the best novels for motivation and inspiration?
What is the best book about Python for beginners?
Are Jaipur FIITJEE coaching chemistry packages enough for class 11 & 12, or do I need any other book? Which book should I refer to if needed?
What books are good if you are appearing for the railway service competitive exam?
What is a detailed summary of the book Barnabus Mudpatch by Steve Moran?
Which book should I follow on quantum physics for my graduation?
What are the best Hungarian textbooks for foreigners?
Are there any more sites where I can read free books without paying money to become a member?
What is a classy book in statics and dynamics for conceptual need? What are your suggestions for an undergraduate guy (hons. Mathematics)?
Which economy book to reference for the UPSC exam, the one by Ramesh Singh or by the late Sanjeev Verma (updated)?
What is the best book on Palestinian politics (not on the conflict but rather the history and contemporary politics of the PLO, Fatah, and Hamas?)
Which books should I read if I want to develop an app and I am not a computer programmer?
Where can I buy the Condor Heroes book trilogy by Jin Yong/Louis Cha in English?
Which electrical book is used in IIT colleges?
Which book is the best for self-study of CCNP routing and switching?
What is a good non-fiction book recommendation for vacation reading?
What books do you consider must be read in their original language?
What are the best objective books for medical preparation?
What are some recommended books for Kas maths?
What are the top most inspirational books?
Is Pradeep's Fundamental Physics good for AIIMS and NEET preparation?
Are there any books or websites related to how to start an Internet-based startup which also discuss legal/permit/accounting issues?
What book would you recommend to read on a trek to Himalayas?
What's a good book for self-study for pure mathematics?
If there is one book that you have read and would recommend that everybody should read it, what would it be?
Are there any courses/proper books for learning Julia and Data Science simultaneously from scratch?
Can you recommend some good fiction books with the action taking place in Miami?
What are some recent science-based relationship books that you like?
What was your favorite book and why?
Which book is better, Arihant all-in-one or Arihant chapter-wise solutions for physics and chemistry for 12th class?
Is Jawaharlal Nehru an overrated author?
Where and how can I study intermediate level XSS?
Why are Audible books more expensive than physical books or online book purchases?
Which books are best for HTML?
Why do engineering students score more when they study from reference books as compared to those who studies from simple printed notes?
What are the standard books to follow for gate mechanical?
Are there different writers of NCERT books? If yes, then who is the best writer?
What are the most compelling arguments posed against Daniel Quinn's philosophy as it is presented in Ishmael?
What's a good way to teach your teenage son how to be a respectful and good lover? (Porn is generally awful and he has read all of the birds and bees books.)
Which books are best for IIT-JEE preparation to score 300 or more?
Is there a book with a similar character like Caroline Forbes?
Which books should I prepare for basic electronics?
How can you read Harry Potter books without paying a penny?
What is the best book to learn music theory for a mathematician?
Did you read the novel “The Fantasist?” What do you think about it?
What are the top CGL entrance exam books?
What is the best, simplest book to read to learn everything about tensors from scratch?
What booking system does Everwise use?
Is there any book that can help me master quantum mechanics? (I am in the 9th grade.)
What books do you recommend for me?
Which is the best book to understand the same words used as different parts of speech?
Which books should I read to know ​the mindset of people as they grow?
Where can I find dark mystery gothic adventurous and sinister novels and books set in the British Raj?
Can you suggest me some spiritual Indian books?
Does reading more books make you more confused and anxious?
What is the best accounting book?
What are the books BA Physics at Oxford study during their 3 years of study?
What books does Oliver Tate give Jordana in Submarine (2010)?
What are the best books on African countries post-colonialism?
What reference books are suitable for students studying nursing?
What must-read books would you recommend?
What books are on teenagers’ 2017 summer reading lists?
What is the most interesting biography, autobiography or a memoir you have read in recent times?
What is the software from which Facebook is programmed?
As a dropper for IIT what is the best set of books to stick to?
What are the best books for CAT preparation for both logical reasoning and the verbal section?
Which books may be a good reference for general awareness and general knowledge for Delhi SI exam?
When will a new edition of Universal Self Scorer come?
Is there any good book for the answer to the relationship between law and morality?
How can I summarize the book I read in a short period?
How do I score good marks in the Diploma CET exam? Which books should I read, and what tricks should be used in writing the exam?
What is the best book to learn TensorFlow?
Which books should an electrical engineer read to get at par with BS physics?
What are some children's books that aid their introduction/learning to/of philosophy?
What are some books and websites with analogies or metaphors for mathematical concepts and formulas?
How do I choose the perfect resource for JEE preparation, since there are a variety of good books to choose from?
Which books should I refer for concept clarity for accounts 1 IPCC?
Are there any study materials that combines all of the topic-wise NCERT books into one?
What is the best book or site to learn GK for XAT 2017?
Which is the best book on quantum mechanics for begginers having no background in calcalus?
Which is the best book IIT JEE match?
What are the best books on moving on from a relationship that never started?
What do you think of the book Lawrence of Arabia?
What type of books should 21Years men read?
Which maths concepts book is best for IIT levels?
How do I prepare mechanics for GATE 2018? Which book should I follow?
What is the best self improvement book to read this weekend?
What's the creepiest book you have ever read? Was it The Consumer?
What are the best proportions of white space to use in book design?
Where can I get good book reviews?
How can I read a lot of books and learn from them, absorb all the information from them, and eat the material from them?
What is the SOPEP book?
What are the references/books for learning the Kotlin language?
What have you learned from a book?
What will be the best book for class 12 math for JEE?
What are the best and the toughest books for IITJEE Math?
What are the best non-fiction books of all time and why?
What kind of book should I read to be an expert in interviewing candidates?
What was your good or bad experience with Just Books, Bangalore (any branch)?
Where can I get links for downloading ICSE recommended books?
Are there any books or articles that discusses Abu Bakar Naji's "Management of Savagery" comprehensively?
What are the best books of SaaS product marketing?
What are some of the books, videos and articles which will be helpful in preparing for MUNs?
What anime series are similar to Malazan Book of the Fallen?
Which book is best for the SSC JE Electronics?
Should I use only NCERT books for my class 10 annual exam? If no, then name that reference book?
Can you write a brief book review to summarize your favorite book?
What is a must-read book for understanding the money cycle, its history, and how it works?
What is the content of Judas Book?
What are some good books or sites to begin stock trading?
Which reference book is the best for WBJEE and JEE Main (math, physics, and chemistry) preparation?
Which book should I read for The Mahabharata?
Which book is best to master organic reaction?
What are some books on comparative mythology?
Do students outside India refer to Indian books for math and science?
If the skills are learned from the net or books, how does a recruiter judge without the certificate?
What are some books that intelligent individuals read?
What are the best books for IBPS PO preparation for the current syllabus and exam pattern?
What are the best books for AAT after JEE advanced?
How were people in the past learn languages without any books or documents?
Where should I study for CPT, from the modules or from the J.K. Shah Classes book? How should I study economics?
Is there any book for current affairs in the question and answer format for SSC CGL 2017?
Do you know of any books where the main character becomes bad?
Which book should I buy for CAT preparation?
What are the top 3 best books you have read?
Which is the best book on fluid mechanics for BARC interview preparation for chemical engineering?
What are some of the best novels that everyone should read once in their lifetime?
What's the most wonderful book you've ever read?
If Quorans were like books, what books would they be?
Which books should I use for preparation of NEET 2019?
What is the best book to prepare for 3-D geometry for the JEE?
Which books are great to read to help me reach success?
What book is the best to use to crack the ESE exam?
What security resources (books, blogs, courses, etc.) would you recommend?
Which reference books are best for informatics practices in class 11?
Is it ok to study only the "Concepts of Physics" by HC Verma and not the NCERT book for class 12 board and AIPMT entrance?
Is there any book that narrates the emotions of a person who sabotaged his own relationship, life?
Are there any technical books on artificial intelligence?
What are the best books for theory for the NSEJS for class 9 and class 10?
What reference books are best for IIT JEE preparation?
What are some books that I can get for more knowledge in class 11 for an arts stream?
Which For Dummies book is best for advice on writing fiction?
What are some of the best books for every woman who just started her career?
Do teenagers have to read the world classics books in high school in your country? Which ones are "must-read"?
What is the best book to study Java?
Which non-academic fiction books would Awdhesh Singh suggest that are related to bureaucracy?
Which book should I study for aptitude exams?
Why do some people read a lot of books? How is that such an interesting hobby?
What books will be most useful to take with me to a CS professional open book exam (banking law and practice)?
What book should I read to know about motorcycles and automobiles?
What are the best novels I can read on my free time?
What are some good books for Jews history and mythology?
It is necessary to buy new books for preparing for the JEE Mains and Advanced?
What are the best books for geography as optional in IAS?
Do you read entire legal books in law school?
What is a good book, pre-1900s, to compare to The Road by Cormac McCarthy?
What are some good books to learn accounting and Indian laws for businesses and about Indian taxes?
Which books have you read more than 2 times?
Which book is good for physical chemistry for the JEE (topics like ionic eq. and thermodynamics)?
What are the names of a few good books for the IIT JAM in biological science?
Which books should one read to improve English communication?
Which books should I prefer for BEL computer science?
What is a good objective book for chemistry for NEET?
I'm currently enrolled in a masters program of philosophy and would like to work on my logic skills. What activities/books would you suggest?
What is the best book that can have an impact on our lives?
What book is needed for the CBSE applied art for class 12 (code 052)? Is there an NCERT book?
What chapters should be covered in the linear programming for mathematics optional from the Krishna series of books?
What are the 5 five books that everyone who is new to reading novels should read?
What is the best book to test Python skills for beginners?
What are the very interesting novels based on history in Tamil?
What are some good books, blogs, podcasts, or material to read if I want to learn the art of building a business in the automotive industry?
What are the most misogynistic books?
What are your favorite humorous passages from a self-help or how-to book?
What is the best book for theory of physics for JEE Mains and advanced?
What are some books that talk about the hard truth about life?
Which books should I read to know more about the teachings of Swami Vivekananda?
What is the basic information required to understand quantum mechanics? Is there a book that teaches it?
What are some books for an entrance exam on virology?
Could you recommend some books about rehabilitation?
What is the book’s name in the movie “MANAM” when Nagarjuna met with Samantha at the book shop?
What are the best books on problem-solving in industries?
What are some good behavioural science books?
How do I prepare for the KVPY SX exam? What books should I follow? Should I take the mocks for the same?
Is it possible to win IBO by just reading biology books/watching videos without formal classes? If yes, what book and videos would you/they recommend?
What are some good books that are basically autobiographies/biographies of successful marriages?
What is the first novel that got you interested in fiction?
What is the best book on Data Science and/or Predictive Analytics for a newbie in the field?
What are some effective books on how to control and rule people?
Which books should I read to prepare for the International Biology Olympiad?
Which book of economics should I prefer to solve previous years’ questions for CBSE?
Which is best English book to practice for CDS?
What types of books should a 9th class student read for IIT?
What is the smartest way for preparing for Verbal Ability in CAT?
Which books reference more short-cut principles for the CGL Tier 1 aptitudes?
Which are the most reputable and important reference books for a CNC Machinist?
Which book is better for physics, D. C. Pandey or H. C. Verma?
Which books should be preferred for the first semester of a BBA?
Can I just start reading The Heroes of Olympus (The Lost Hero), without reading any other Percy Jackson book?
Which is the best book for RRB?
Which is the best book for securing 95% in class 12th commerce?
What is a GATE question bank book for Civil with minimum errors?
What are the best books for HVAC design? What is the software that is used in HVAC problem solving?
What are the best self-help books for beginners?
What is the best novel for a script writer to read to learn how to write a novel?
What are some great children's books that adults can learn from?
What books must be read for improving financial literacy?
How can I summarize the content of the book The Little Prince?
Which book in manufacturing should I use for the preparation of GATE?
Is there any book that only contains sketching exercises?
Do you provide a guest book at your vacation rental? What are some more interesting ideas that aren't just a standard book?
Which physics theory book should I follow in order to solve IE Irodov?
What is the best book for a UP police computer operator?
Is reading the Lars Kepler books in order necessary?
For which book I should go for the preparation of Architecture aptitude test?
What is a good book about how to design maintainable programs and all the answers around why should I do one thing over another while programming?
What are some books that can help you in the future?
What book would you recommend for a continuation course in quantum mechanics?
Which book would you suggest if it's gonna be my first book to read?
Which books should I follow for CBSE class 11 in chemistry and physics if my concepts are weak?
Do you read more non-fiction books, or more fiction books?
Which book can I read to get unbiased insights of Naxalism?
Which type of glass do I need to make some Prince Rupert’s Drops? Also, what are some good books about them or good internet pages?
What are your recommendations for books in the horror, suspense, and/or paranormal genres?
Which books did Agam Jain read before moving to Delhi?
Which are the best novels written in Gujarati?
What books do you recommend to learn more about economics?
Are there any books for adults who used to be bullied/excluded as children?
Which is the best book for mathematics CBSE class 11?
What is the best Mathematics book for entrance preparation?
What are the standard books of mathematics and science for 9th standard?
From which book should I prepare for elementary astronomy for the National Standard Examination in astronomy (NSEA-XII)?
Which are the best standard books for preparation for the GATE for mechanical?
What are some recommendations for some good books on psychology for someone not having psychology as a major?
What are the books to be referred to for the Political Science optional subject of UPSC, and what are lectures to be watched?
What are the best reference books for professional knowledge on which we can rely fully to prepare for (IBPS) IT officer exam?
What are maths books for the JEE apart from NCERT and Exemplar? What are the best books for particular portions and what are the best complete books for the JEE (both exams)?
Do you think it's good to track books you've read?
Which are the best books to learn computer languages?
How can I improve my English spelling and reading skills as a new learner?
What is the best book to learn Spring?
Which is the best book for the JEE which explains all of the concepts in easy language, and has short trick formulas and the best numericals?
What are some of the useful magazines and interesting books on international relations that Rahul Shrivastava would recommend?
Which study material can cover the general awareness part of the SSC CGL?
Which book is good for DSSSB preparation?
Which book is better for biology in the class 12 boards exam?
What's a good series of science books?
What are the reference books to crack the design aptitude test for an IIT?
Which is better, reading two books or reading a book twice?
What are the basic books which are sufficient for aptitude and mental ability in competitive exams?
What is the best novel to read as a teenager?
What is the best book on quantum mechanics for a beginner with very little background in calculus?
What are the best novels and Knowledge books you would recommend for?
What are the best known children's books in the world (written in any language)?
Which book should I refer for doing the JEE Mains and Advanced Physics?
Where can I buy a book that is out of print?
Can you suggest me some good non-fiction science books to read? I am reading Cosmos by Carl Sagan and finding it fascinating.
What is a good political non-bias book for teens that want to learn about an issue?
What are some good books for JEE Chemistry namely Organic and Inorganic?
What does it mean to be following the heart, as mentioned in the book "The Alchemist"?
Which is the best book to prepare for logical reasoning, through self-study, for the CAT?
When is the next edition of Nishit K. Sinha's CAT books coming out for the CAT 2018?
For Flat World Knowledge books, can a solution manual be accessed when self-studying?
Which is the best book or way to understand the equivalent concept?
I'm a new reader but I don't know what genre I'm into. What should I read?
What are some dark sides of self-help books?
Should we study exact words as written in the book or should we study the concepts in our own words?
What is the best book to learn Java for beginners?
What do you think of the book The Information: A History, A Theory, A Flood written by James Gleick?
What are some of the must read papers on Amyloidosis?
Could someone suggest me some good websites for downloading e-books or PDFs?
Which is the best book to read before becoming 20?
What are some fiction books about serial killers?
What are good clean mangas and books to read?
Where can I do the most difficult problems of the ECE subjects? What would be a list of books or sources?
How large of a role did reading play in Gordon Miller’s path to success?
Which is the best book and way to gain the basic knowledge for an IPO in India?
What is the best physical python books?
What is the best book or source for theories of international relations?
How do you revise bulky books?
What are the themes of the novel "The Metamorphosis of Prime Intellect" by Roger Williams?
What is the best book for SSC CGL English preparation?
What resources or books are sufficient or should be read for NEET preparation in Hindi?
What are the best skills I should learn?
Why don’t people and students like textbooks?
Which book is good for calculus in BITSAT?
What are some good and tough books for IIT JEE preparation?
Which book should I buy for the CAT exam?
So I have a couple of books that I have read and don't intend on reading them again, is there any website where I can sell used books in India?
What are the best photogrammetry books?
Why do I get sleepy when I read a book?
Could anyone suggest a book to practice modulus and wavy curve forms?
Which are best books for mechanical engineering 1st semester?
What’s a good resource for understanding relations in data structures & discrete math?
What are good reference books for the CAPF exam?
What are some of the best books to study for the M.Sc microbiology entrance exam?
What are the new good Indian novels to read currently?
What are some best books to study electronics engineering?
What kinds of Indian books do you like to read in terms of genre? Does India have a great fictional fantasy book?
What is a good book on western classical music for a novice ?
What are your favorite Suspense / Romantic novels of the last ten years?
What book is valuable to read?
What are some books regarding marketing for Beginners?
Which book is good for learning about Alexander the Great?
What are the best books for the study of the MSC virology entrance exam?
Can I get Electronic Devices and Circuits – T.F. Bogart Jr., J.S.Beasley and G.Rico book online?
What would your personality be like if you had never read a book in your life?
Which book should I follow to clear the NSEB?
Which book should I use to prepare for the Vizag steel management trainee exam in the metallurgy stream?
Which is the best book for the RIMC exam?
What is the best book for developing concepts in mathematics?
What are the best books to start preparing for civil services for beginners?
What's the best books to read if I am a civil engineer?
Which is the best book for theory for NSEJS class 10?
When is Jess Walter coming out with a new book?
Should I read other books beside Computer Graphics Principle and Practice?
What are some fictional novels about the Russian mafia?
What book is a good one to study the Legendre transformation from the very beginning?
What are the books, songs, poems, biographies, PDF you think can turn me from 'I don't want anything (even if I am fully capable)" to " Yeah! I'll do it"?
What are the selected chapters from the book, Ramesh Singh, according to Israel Jebasingh for the UPSC?
As a student, which Veda should I read?
What books are similar to The Forty Rules of Love, which teaches you something about life, love and discovering oneself?
What is the best novel for a school student?
Which are the best psychological thriller novels, worth your time?
What are the best texts/books for learning CS with Python?
Which MCQ books should I start solving to crack PG Examination?
What l should do at my graduation level for my best career?
Which websites contain the most in-depth book reviews?
What are the best 'worked example' coding text books for all languages?
Is there any need to study extra books, like Pardeeps and Modern, for year droppers to crack the NEET?
Which books should I use for NEET preparation And what startgery should I follow in summer vacations? I am in class 11th.
What kinds of books have a lot of firefights and stuff like that in them?
What are the most powerful books for self-development?
What are the best books to prepare for the IBPS examination?
What book most impacted your life after first reading it in your thirties?
How do I get motivated to read more books as a teenager and get smarter?
What is a good book on the criminal procedure code that I can study to prepare for the judiciary?
What is the best book for competitive exams for agricultural stream?
Why does every dyslexic protagonist in a book are always male?
How can I learn everything I can, read more books and absorb more material?
What are the top 10 books a 20 year old should read?
Have you read both of these books, Logic & Computer Design Fundamentals and Computer Architecture: a Quantitative Approach? Which book is better?
Which books should one read and practise from for NEET, primarily for an AFMC aspirant?
Which book should I prefer in physics for IIT JEE Advanced?
Which physics book is the best for class 10th?
Which book is better for the JEE Main for chemistry, MTG or Universal Self-Scorer Errorless?
What books should I read to start an apparel line?
What transformation did the book Awaken the Giant Within by Anthony Robbins bring in your life?
Which books should one read in high school to get a deep knowledge of cosmology?
How do I avoid drowsiness while reading a literature book?
Which is the best maths book of class 8?
What are the best books for JEE aspirants in class 11?
What are the best Books for Institutional economics?
What is the best book for Abstract Algebra in hons. level?
Which book is best for B Pharma study?
What books should I prefer for the GATE in the Metallurgical branch?
What books do doctors enjoy reading?
What are the best books for PCMB group 12?
Which book is good for coordination compounds in chemistry for the JEE?
Which is the best children's book you have ever read in your native language?
What is the best book in design and analysis of algorithm?
Which edition should I purchase of Solomon and Fryhle?
What genre of books should I read to become a smart, tactful, and manipulative woman?
Which books are the best to read about the challenges of life?
Where can I get some good online material on automobile parts and it's working, worth reading during summer?
Who has read a book authored by Andrus K Tebecis, PhD?
What are the best books for a college student to read before going into enterprise software sales?
Does Takshshila have any books for the CAT exam?
What is the best book for understanding remittances?
What are the best mystery/thriller or horror book that you would suggest a 12 year old girl?
What are the age ranges for children's books?
What's the best book to introduce me to philosophy?
What are the best book materials and current affairs magazines for the preparation for the Karnataka Administrative Service (KAS) exam?
What are the best books to learn EEE basics?
What are the important books for cat preparation?
What is an online book for complete information about mutual funds?
If I took a specific book to the US, would it be confiscated?
What's a good book on neural nets and the like for someone not intimidated by (actually wants) math in the exposition?
What are some recommendations for some psychological books about understanding emotions?
Which books can I refer to for the KVPY-SA?
What are good books for telling me everything that my parents never taught me?
What books should I prefer for programming and coding? I am done with all my UG entrance exams but last time studied computers in class 8th.
Which is the best book for a person who is willing to go for marketing as a carrier?
What is the best book for machine learning applications?
How do I pass the IELTS, and which books would help me to do so?
Who writes blogs on Quora about history, books, anthropology, myth, Christian history, geography, or travel?
What is the best reference book for bio in class 11 for AIIMS?
What are your favorite humorous passages from a science article or book?
Which books and websites do you suggest for studying for the Facebook data engineer interview?
Which book provides tier 2 maths question bank for SSC CGL?
Have you read the book Unscripted: Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Entrepreneurship by MJ DeMarco?
Which book should I refer to gain the basic knowledge about networking?
What are the attributes of a wise person? What books should I read in order to expand my mind?
What does this Publius Syrus quote mean, “Divide the fire and you will sooner put it out”?
How do I read what I don't like?
If you could own/read only one book about programming/CS, what would it be?
What are the reference books to crack the design aptitude test for an IIT?
Which book is better for MBBS ophthalmology, Parson or Khurana?
What books do I read to understand the OTC market?
What is the best book for data structures through C?
What anime series are similar to Malazan Book of the Fallen?
What is the best website or book to be updated about recent entrepreneurial trends?
Which book to prefer for costing in Ca final?
What are the books to read if we want to discover the truth about India's independence, the freedom fighters involved and their true characters.?
Should I stop using my PC so much and start reading more books as a teenager?
Which are the best books for basic aerospace engineering?
Am I learning C the right way? Also, what are the best resources/books to get a better insight into the system's hardware and software interaction?
Which book should I buy to prepare for AIEEE?
Which book is best for the SSC JE Electronics?
What is the best seller book of all time?
What is a good book about the Eastern Front in WWI?
Which mouth organ is best for beginners?
Should I use only NCERT books for my class 10 annual exam? If no, then name that reference book?
Is SL Arora Physics a good book for RBSE Class 12?
Which books are best for the UPSC Mains for mathematics 1 and 2?
Where can I find books that will teach me how to hack?
How is Inamdar for GPAT preparation? Is it a good book to prefer?
What books are based on history of India?
How do I use mind mapping when I read a book since CV I wants to do that?
What does it mean if you choose a book to read and you don't remember what you read?
What book should I use in preparation for the DT CA final exam?
Has anyone here taken ASRB Mains in agriculture biotechnology? If yes, what are some important books and topics other aspirants should look to?
What are good books on the Kapampangan people of the Philippines?
Which spoken English book is the best?
Which books will help me for the IAS preparations?
What is the revolution of the book?
What are some great books to read during college?
What book should I buy for Class 10?
Which book do you love the best?
What are some books everyone should read in life?
Which books do students at top medical colleges read in the first year?
How should I learn aptitude and reasoning from zero level at home with the help of the Internet and books?
Which are the best reference books for class 11 CBSE science (physics, chemistry and biology)?
Which books are reliable for the JEE Main preparation (not necessarily for Advanced as well)?
How do you format action novels?
Which book should I buy for CAT preparation?
Where can I find fiction novels at a cheaper rate in Delhi?
How and when should I read a book of poems?
Why are books written on the partition of India by Punjabis given more importance than books written by Bengali authors on the partition of Bengal?
What are some of the best books available in PDF format for learning Java? Can you give the links?
I'm a fan of Dan Brown and have also read books from Elif Shafak. Which book should I take up next?
What are the best introductory books for the category of theory?
Which one maths foreign books which helps to build up concept on IIT level?
What is the best book to help and lead USA immigrants to a successful path?
What is the best math model book about the El Farol bar problem?
What are some good Islamic apologetic books?
What are some famous French books?
Which is the best book and way to gain the basic knowledge for an IPO in India?
What are some really good sci-fi books?
What are the best books/study aids to help interlink medical subjects?
What are the best movies and books set in Paris during the Belle Époque?
What are some of the best must read suspense fiction books?
Are there any good modern control books that have examples or a solution manual?
What books should I refer to for the KAS exam? If I'm studying without outside coaching, how should I study?
Which books do I need to refer to for the Vizag Steel management trainee exam for mechanical engineering?
Do you ever step back and realize that reading is essentially blobs of ink on paper but that we can take so much meaning from books and other texts?
What are some good books to learn about the Indian Armed Forces in detail?
What is best book for Lebesgue integration?
Which types of books can be read after a breakup?
Which is the best book for physiology in the 1st year of an MBBS?
What can you tell us about your book?
How do I start studies in class 11 (for commerce students)? What are the best books to start studying?
Which is the best Hindi (easy language) book for 2nd class or 1st class mining posts?
Which book should I buy for the CAT exam?
Which problem books do you recommend for IPhO? Is the one of 'Igor Irodov' well enough?
Where can I best read books?
What is the best site to read a book's critiques?
What are the best books on clean code, data structure, & algorithms? And what is the best way to improve my logic?
What are some of the books and videos I can refer to learn hacking? How much time does it take do so?
What are the best books or links for preparing for the financial management section of the BOI credit officer exam?
Which is a good iOS app for reading any books online?
Where in Lahore can I sell my O and A level books for a good price?
Which is the best book to study physical chemistry?
What are some good books on learning Mandarin for absolute beginners?
How should I find out if I like computer science vs math? Can you suggest any books?
How often do you get books you want to read at cheaper rate in India?
Your home is going up in flames. You can only save one book. What book do you take with you?
What are the best books for class 9 maths and science?
Which NCERT books are important for the UPSC prelim?
Which are the best books to gain insights into mechanical engineering?
What are some love story novels with sad endings?
What would you like to know about India? If it came as a book form, what would be the title?
What are the good books to study the European history?
Is there any difference between the newer edition Barron physics, chemistry, and math books and the 9th and 8th editions?
What is the best book on maths literature?
What is the book “The Secret” written about?
For the NEET 2018, which book should I study for biology, Aakash modules or the ALLEN DLP book after the NCERT?
Can I study from just my institution’s books for Class 11, Narayana?
Which is a good book in Chemistry for theory for JEE Mains and Advanced?
If you could only own one book about computer science/programming, what would it be?
What are the best books on Aryans?
What are your criticisms of Charles Dickens' books?
What is a good book on what our modern world is made of? One that has a general overview of what makes up our buildings, cars, electronic devices, etc
Does The Magic book really help to motivate?
What will change in me if I start reading books?
Which site or book should I read to learn about exploits?
Is there any book which contains real time incidents of great people which changed their prospective?
Are Cengage physics books (Advanced series) enough to crack INPHO?
What books are needed for NEET medical?
What is the number one book to use as a guide to success?
Are there any solutions provided for the book Mathematical Circles: (Russian Experience)?
Which is the best book for Oracle SCM?
Where can I sell old novels in Pune?
What is the best math storybook for a 6-year-old kid?
How do I prepare for the JEE Main, and what are some good books for doing so?
Which book is useful to study for the class 10 CBSE exam in 2017-2018?
What are some great books/novels on philosophy (non romantic or preachy) in Punjabi literature?
What is your tween reading right now?
Where can I buy the Condor Heroes book trilogy by Jin Yong/Louis Cha in English?
Are there any books related to human psychology, specifically describing why humans behave a certain way?
Which books should I refer to clear the overseas registration exam (ORE) in the UK?
If you could recommend one great business/entrepreneurial book, what would it be?
Which is the best book to refer for KMAT and PGCET for MBA?
Which are some of the best books for Combined Medical Services examination?
Is it necessary to prepare from all three books, i.e. the study material, the guide books and the NCERT books, for the UP provincial civil services?
Which are the best books written by Indian authors on programming language 'C'?
What are good books for becoming a good lawyer?
How do I read a lot of books with no time?
How should I start if I want to build my own (private) library?
What are some great books related to ecology and the environment?
Which book should I give my teen siblings to get them interested in learning? Recommend any book: science, history, maths, literature, etc.
What are the best books for numerical analysis and linear programming?
How do I know what is considered as dharma? Is there a specific book?
What are some good books on philosophy for someone who plans on majoring in philosophy?
Where can one find the latest collection of e-books?
What are the best books for mathematics for class 12 students?
What is the best book for developing concepts in mathematics?
Which reference book is best for class 9th to become a topper?
Which one is the best C programming book for the intermediate level?
Which is the most basic book available on quantum mechanics?
Which books are good to learn Visual Basic Application?
Which are some good books for CBSE 11th and 12th accountancy and economics?
How do I fill out an industrial training log book?
What should a good econometrician be reading every week?
How can I find this book, "Kaplan and Manner: Culture Theory"?
What are the best novels with science fiction and humor?
Which are the best 5 English novels for children?
What is a book/material about the philosophy of software testing?
What are your favorite humorous passages from a self-help or how-to book?
How can a UPSC aspirant exhaustively prepare the for the Mains syllabus for the GS Paper II? Are there any standard books like Laxmikant?
What are the best calculus books to have fun with for 12th pass students?
What would be good book to introduce a toddler to the Bengali language?
Which books youth of India is reading as of 2017?
What is the shortest time you finished reading a computer science related book like reading it as a novel, and grasped the concepts?
What books on bipolar disorder have you found to be the best? I loved "An Unquiet Mind" by Kay Jamison and recommend it.
What are the best leftist books you came across?
Which books should I read to improve statistics?
Which is the best refrence book for class 11 physics if the aim is not to clear any competition and just to gain marks in 11th exams?
What are the books that can be referred to, while studying European history?
What are the best illustrated topics from the various JEE books and how can you self-study from these books?
Which book is best about a spy?
What is the most important book of the 21st century?
How does reading help me?
What should I read in order to understand Swedenborg and his influence on Blake?
What was the Vietnam War like for Communist soldiers? Are there any sources or books you could recommend?
Is a reference book necessary for class 10 CBSE (2018 batch)?
Which books should I refer to for AMIE section B mechanical engineering?
What is the best book/material for learning javavscript?
What is the first novel that got you interested in fiction?
What is the best book for essay writing in UPSC Mains? I am doing self study.
Where I can get the class 12th solutions of the DK Goel Accountancy book?
Can you recommend a book on Indian history (7th to 14th century)?
What are some free online books to read?
Which is best book for mathematics class 10 CBSE?
What are good books or informational resources for men in their 50s considering having a second child?
What are the latest recommended world history books?
What is a good book on Computational neuroscience for the layperson?
Why do people sit with a pencil while reading a book?
What are your favourite lines from books or novels you have read?
Is there a basic, unbiased book on economics you recommend?
Is there any book to understand framing of conversation or arguments to our favor?
Which are some best books to know more about space?
What is best book for IIT preparation for 6 class?
What are the best books/study aids to help interlink with medical subjects?
Which is the best book to learn Java Scripting from scratch?
Which are the best books on reasoning and financial awareness for promotional exams in banks?
How can I collect research for a book?
What is the best book for a beginner to learn Java in 2017? Will the older books like “Head First Java” help in learning the latest version of Java?
Should Indian kids read books written by British authors only?
Which are the best novels for inspiration and motivation?
What are the latest history books you can recommend?
What is the best book for studying quantum physics from scratch?
Which is the best book for numericals in physics for the IIT-JEE? I already have Irodov.
What is a new book on church planting?
What is the most preferred book for Bill Gates except for "Business adventure"?
How should I start economics for CSE? Should I read the book or just go through the Unacademy NCERT economics summary?
What are some short and good law books to read?
As a beginner, where should I start with artificial intelligence? What books would you suggest? Any experience will be appreciated.
Can I use my Marx horse collection in my story book and can I use their name?
Are there any books on operational management? I am looking for effective management for an electrical factory.
What book can one read to learn the meaning of narcissism?
What are the best Indian books?
What are some good books that teach you how to deal with different types of people?
What are the good books that I should go for to become a statistician?
Which book store in Patna is best for buying Cengage books?
What are the extra books to read and understand to pass the JEE Advanced?
What books should I read to get a full scope of math, from the very basics up to calculus? (It’s fine if the books are in volumes.)
What are the non-fiction books written by INTJs?
How do I start with random topics or reading a book in one go for public administration? Without proper guidance, how do I start preparing this optional?
What kind of book should I read after clearing CAT for an interview?
Is there any book for beginners to understand basic human psychology?
Which is the best book for SSC CGL 2017 tier 1?
I want to start reading philosophy. Is Essays by Montaigne a good book to begin with?
What books should I read for the NEET PG?
Is ISC Mathematics by Gupta and Bansal (Sultan Chand Publishing) a good mathematics book for IIT?
Frederick Forsyth has never written about India in any of his books?
If you could own or read only one book about CS or programming, what would it be?
Sometimes a book can be a "cure", is there any book that effectively solved some problem in your life?
What class is good for NET mathematics preparation? Or how can I pass the exam by studying by myself? What are the best books?
In today’s busy life, when do you read books?
What are the best books or links for preparing for the Financial Management section of the BOI credit officer exam? What are your suggestions?
What are the seminal works in human resource management?
Do I have to buy books in the 1st semester at SRM KKR campus or do they provide all of the books?
What is the syllabus for organic chemistry for IIT JAM and which reference books are to be followed?
How useful will it be to read the book of Einstein 'The World as I See It'?
What are some good books for welding fixture design?
Can I read Nancy Drew books for free?
Which is the best book to read on Rumi’s love poems?
Which books are preferable for an MT electrical post at a Vizag Steel plant?
Which books should I buy to prepare for NTSE?
Which book should I choose for basic maths?
What would you like to know about China? If it were in book form, what would the title be?
What is the base for civil engineering code? Is that practically examined?
When will the book The Exile of Mukunda be released?
Where can I get an errorless physics book for free?
What are some recommendations for good books on psychology for any person not having psychology as a major?
How is energy absorbed by an atom? Is there a book/course which explains this whole concept?
What books can one read to understand more about ancient Indian science and mathematics?
How many of you think that the making of Bahubali will be highly informative and a text book for visual media and VFX students and be released soon?
What are some books and websites with analogies or metaphors for mathematical concepts and formulas?
What are the best books to learn about stock market in India?
Which book is best for English comprehension, grammar and vocabulary?
What are some children's books that aid their introduction/learning to/of philosophy?
What books and resources would you recommend to learn designing and building APIs with Nodejs?
Which book is good on the working of GPS for beginners?
What are the best novels for a college student in fiction?
Why don't I like to read books with dialogue?
What books would you recommend someone who wants to learn the philosophy in Hinduism?
In which book shop in Ranchi can I find Shubhash Dey's Business Studies book for Class 12?
Do you buy (non-fiction) books or visit a bookstore?
Who has read a book authored by Andrus K Tebecis, PhD?
What is the sense in reading books if you later forget about most of them?
What book could be used for the statistical probability part in the actuary entrance exam (ACET)?
Which is the best book IIT JEE match?
Which is the best guide or reference book for 10th class, according to the CBSE pattern of 2017 (besides NCERT)?
Is the book Design of Transmission Systems by Jayakumar good to refer to for actual design practices or only for exams?
What books are good to read to understand how derivative securities work under-the-hood?
What topics are best illustrated in the various books of JEE? How do I prepare from these books?
Why doesn't the Deep Learning Book reference any of Leslie Valiant's work?
Which is the best objective book of maths for JEE?
What are some of the greatest business books Gordon Miller can recommend for me to read?
Can anyone recommend a novel to me? It must be the best that you've ever read and can help me build an interest in reading.
Why don't I like books with dialogue?
Which book should I buy in class 11 for chemistry?
What are some books a 14 year old should read?
Which books can help me to get into IBA Karachi?
Which book is best for biology 12 CBSE board exams?
What is the best book for antenna theory as a part to be studied for the GATE 2018?
Which is the best book to study switching theory and logic design?
What are some recommendations for some good books on psychology for someone not having psychology as a major?
Which famous or popular books do you hate? Why?
Which book should I prefer for the 8th board and SOF Olympiads?
What are some good books to learn Indian history?
What is the best book to learn hacking for the students of grade: 9 - 10?
Which book should I reference to prepare for MT metallurgy at Vizag steel plant?
Which is the best book to learn stock marketing for begineers?
What is a good book for theory for chemistry for JEE Main and Advanced?
What are some appropriate alien books for a 12 y/o?
What are some good Indian fiction novels about love?
What do you think about readers who add meaning (criticism) to book?
Can I teach myself with books?
Which book should I refer for ITSM (IPCC)?
Are there any good books to help with a restaurant setup?
Which are the best anthropology books for UPSC preparation?
Which are the best books to learn computer languages?
Which books are best for details of finance and investment, especially for students of IIM Ahemdabad?
What books should I read to get into BUET?
Should I buy old NCERT or new NCERT books for the basics?
What are the top 10 novels every reader should read?
What are the top books for leading remote teams?
What is the best spectroscopy book for Physical Chemistry?
How can we study if we are not having books?
What is the best book that can give you deep insight about hospitality and hospitality industry?
What are the best futurist book to boost creativity?
What are the best physical chemistry textbooks for IITs?
What is the best book for machine learning applications?
Which books are required reading for mechanical for the GATE?
What are the best books for GATE (electrical engineering) and any tips or suggestions for preparation, will be a great help?
What are your favorite humorous passages from a science article or book?
Is Universal Self Scorer a good book for the JEE Mains and Advanced?
Which book should I refer to gain the basic knowledge about networking?
What are the attributes of a wise person? What books should I read in order to expand my mind?
What is the best book for information technology if I am a beginner?
What are some must-read books for a 17-year-old who wants to be an entrepreneur?
What are some good value for money book subscription boxes available in India?
What are the best CSIR life sciences books to prepare to crack the exam by 100%?
What are the settings of the novel "The Metamorphosis of Prime Intellect" by Roger Williams?
Which are the best books for basic aerospace engineering?
Can Awdhesh Singh Sir share the names of his favourite top 10 self-help books?
Which books should I read for the CAT exam preparation?
Which is your most favorite book in Harry Potter series? And what makes it your favorite?
What are the differences between the old edition and new edition of IIT JEE books?
Which book should I buy to prepare for AIEEE?
How much time should 2 paragraphs cover in my book?
What books are available to learn about the history behind the naming of roads in Kolkata?
I like reading mostly ya but my mom goes mad if I read love stories. Suggest​ books having atleast some romance but it's not evident in the summary.?
What is the complete list of books one needs to read to clear UPSC with Political Science as an optional?
What are the best agricultural books?
What is the best book that explores the big 5 personality traits of human behavior?
Which mouth organ is best for beginners?
Which are the best books for a 11 -12 th class student to prepare for SAT?
What is a good book about the Eastern Front in WWI?
What are some good books on advanced Graphology?
Which books are best to prepare for IIT-JAM/TIFR/JEST (Physics) and BSc. Physics university exams?
What is the best books for engineering concepts?
Which book should I use for NEET: Pradeep or USS?
Where can I find a list of books with archaic language?
Would you ever recommend "The Book Thief" by Markus Zusak to any one of your friends? Why?
I'm planning on majoring in finance, someone provide me with a decent sized list of books that I should read?
What is a really good book for Java and data structure, as a beginner?
Which books will help me for the IAS preparations?
Which books are the best for preparation for the Bank of India credit officer exam 2017?
Which is the best book on energetics (physics)?
What book should I buy for Class 10?
What is the best book and MOOCs to understand digital marketing and blogging?
Which are the best reference books for class 11 CBSE science (physics, chemistry and biology)?
Is it possible to learn finance by oneself by reading books, than going to a B-School?
What are some books everyone should read in life?
Is it okay for a student to read multiple computer science books simultaneously?
Which books can I download for free in order to prepare for the general awareness part of the SSC CGL?
What are the best books for learning about finance?
Where can I find fiction novels at a cheaper rate in Delhi?
What are some of the best books available in PDF format for learning Java? Can you give the links?
What is your review of the book The Most Beautiful: My Life with Prince written by Prince’s first wife Mayte Garcia?
Which books are best to prepare for the 2017 Bank of India credit officer exam?
Which books should a person have to read to get to the same level as Elon Musk or Bill Gates?
In a bag, there are 5 green books, 5 red books and 5 blue books. In how many ways can we fill 3 vacant places with these 15 books?
What is a good book or resource for studying the history of special relativity?
What are the best books from which I can learn how to use the subconscious mind for achieving goals?
How do you keep a book's cover from suspending?
Which are the best detailed books for learning ethical hacking from scratch?
What are the best books/study aids to help interlink medical subjects?
What are the best metapapers about entrepeneurship development?
Which are the best books to learn Fortran?
Which are the best reference books for IIT preparation in class 11?
What books should I refer to for the KAS exam? If I'm studying without outside coaching, how should I study?
Which books should I read to make myself fluent in English?
Which is the best book for share market study and investment?
Which types of books can be read after a breakup?
What does “vintage” written on a book cover mean?
Can you recommend good reference sources for the subject of global trends in mobile education?
To which book should I refer to crack NEET?
Which book is good for TV & radar engineering?
Where can I best read books?
How should I prepare for law and audits? Should I learn exactly the same language in books, or else can I use my own?
Is there any book about the relationship between music and math?
What are some good books on learning Mandarin for absolute beginners?
What kind of book or series could help stigma associated with suicide?
What are some of the best chemistry books that I should refer for my IIT JEE preparation for all the three sections (physical, organic and inorganic)?
What are the best books for class 9 maths and science?
What are the books that contain the secrets of the universe, regarding how to get wealthy?
Which books can I read to get *UNBAISED* insights of Naxalism in India?
Could anybody show me a sample of a book report?
Which is the best book shop for selling used books in Chennai?
When I'm reading a book or watching a series, is it normal to stress all the time about when I'll finish it?
What are the best books to learn about the space race?
If you could only own one book about computer science/programming, what would it be?
Can I study from just my institution’s books for Class 11, Narayana?
Which books should I prefer for metric spaces and complex analysis?
What are the best books on Aryans?
What is the best book for the JEE for heat and thermodynamics?
What are some of the best self-help books for a 22-year-old guy?
Which is a great book about couple's communication?
How do you retain the best takeaways from your favourite books? Are there any hacks for doing so?
Which 10-20 nonfiction books should one read to become a truly educated person?
How can I purchase a collection of books within several genres cheaply and have them shipped to Nigeria?
Is there any difference in the RD Sharma class 11 book for ISC and CBSE?
Which Mathematics books do MIT/Stanford undergraduates use for Mathematics major?
What books are needed for NEET medical?
Should I self-study German with an app or with a grammar book?
What are the best books for CLAT prep?
Which books has a similar heroine like Susannah Simon (The Mediator)?
What is the best math storybook for a 6-year-old kid?
Do we have some website or book to learn hacking?
Which book should I buy for algebra? I have completed Cengage algebra and I'm looking forward to good and challenging problems.
What are the best books for civil engineering in order to crack the GATE for ESE?
What do we already know about "thoughts"? What field of science studies them? What are some book suggestions?
Which is the best book to refer for KMAT and PGCET for MBA?
How should I start if I want to build my own (private) library?
What are some great books related to ecology and the environment?
How often does Gordon Miller read books?
What is the best reference book for class 9?
Which books are recommended for the ADC preliminary exam?
Which book is best on Indian Polity, which covers knowledge from basic to last?
Which are the interesting books for beginners?
What are the names of some good books for IES preparation?
What are the books that are the must reads for a first-time startup founder?
Which reference book is best for class 9th to become a topper?
What are the mathematics books to be followed to get strong in basics and fundamentals for Gate?
Which one is the best C programming book for the intermediate level?
How do I fill out an industrial training log book?
What are some of the best short books (i.e. less than 250 pages)?
Which are the most appropriate books/materials for the sociology optional?
Which is the best book for the IIT JEE 2019 physics and mathematics theory parts?
Which is the best book for an Indian Navy tradesman?
What topics do Leonard Susskind’s The Theoretical Minimum and his book Classical Mechanics cover? What's the difference between the two books?
What is the best book of maths for IIT preparation?
What should I do if my university bills me for books I didn’t take?
What is the shortest time you finished reading a computer science related book like reading it as a novel, and grasped the concepts?
What are the best books for practicing PCM for JEE Mains and Advanced from basic to hard problems?
How can I find books related to my passion?
What are the best inspiration and public speaking books to read?
What are the best leftist books you came across?
Which books youth of India is reading as of 2017?
What is the best book introducing the basics of biostatistics and concepts like distributions, hypothesis testing and the like?
Which books are good for me to read during my free time (fantasy is my choice)?
Which book is best for concept clearing in Maths for BITSAT?
What are the best books for cracking Gate ECE and CAT?
What is the most important book of the 21st century?
What are books that teach on how to make money?
Is a reference book necessary for class 10 CBSE (2018 batch)?
Can somebody help me to find a book which will help me know about phrases like'honey trape'?
What is the best book for essay writing in UPSC Mains? I am doing self study.
What are some of the best lines ever written in any novel?
Do I need to read the first 13 books before starting with '14th Deadly Sin' by James Patterson?
Which is best book for mathematics class 10 CBSE?
What books would you recommend someone who wants to learn the philosophy in Hinduism?
I'm considering taking a PhD in neurochemisty, which books I need to read to get into the subject?
Are there any good books which discuss the transitions in health and social care?
Is there any book to understand framing of conversation or arguments to our favor?
Is there a basic, unbiased book on economics you recommend?
Do you have any book suggestions similar to The Mortal Instruments?
What are the best Finance and stock books for a 17y old?
Can you give me some links to objective books on physics, chemistry and biology for NEET preparation?
What books would you suggest for a student of PCB aiming for the AIIMS and currently promoted in class 11 CBSE?
Can I really live out my fantasies like I've read about in fiction novels and seen in pornographic films?
What is the best book for a beginner to learn Java in 2017? Will the older books like “Head First Java” help in learning the latest version of Java?
What is the best guide book for CBSE for science?
Which of Norman Lewis’ publications is better, Goyal or Penguin India?
I'm researching on Mata Hari's tactics as a spy. What books and references can you recommend?
Which is the best reference book for CSE branch?
What are the must-read texts in Philosopy of Language?
What are the best reference books for CA-IPC Group 2?
Which book of Physics is best for the preparation of JEE Advanced?
Can you name an appropriate book for practising wavy curves and modulus?
What is the best reasoning book for SSC bank exam etc.?
Which book is best for Urdu poetry?
How do I learn C network programming? Is there a book I can study?
Which are the books to read or online courses to do if I want to invest in the stock market (I'm a noob)?
If you could own or read only one book about CS or programming, what would it be?
What are the best academic books on finance?
Which is the best book to study chemistry from?
How can I be an IAS officer, and what are the best books for preparation?
What class is good for NET mathematics preparation? Or how can I pass the exam by studying by myself? What are the best books?
In today’s busy life, when do you read books?
Which is the best book to learn about calculus which is required to start learning quantum mechanics?
How good are books like E. Balagurusamy’s to actually prepare you for the real world?
How useful will it be to read the book of Einstein 'The World as I See It'?
What would you like to know about China? If it were in book form, what would the title be?
Why do people count the books they've read (as in a book challenge)? Why does that number matter?
Are side books important for class 11th?
What are some good books about Camelot that can be read as myths (like the Odyssey)?
Which are best Urdu and Hindi shayari books and writers I should read?
Is anyone interested in vintage books, circa 1850 - 1950? Various topics: gardening, jazz, embroidery, religion, poetry, novels.
Which is the best book for cell biology and genetics for a bachelor’s course?
What is the best book, CA IPCC Costing and FM, or is Paduka better?
What is the best picture book for children learning to read?
What is the scope of books like Harry Potter in India? Do you think Indian readers will accept this type of book if it is written by an Indian author?
Does reading books impact our psychology? Why do negative books impact us negatively and positive books impact us positively?
What are the best novels for a college student in fiction?
Which books do you recommend 20-year-olds to read before they reach 30?
Which books should one refer to for the CAT’s grammar and vocabulary sections?
What are some of the best teen fiction novels?
Do you buy (non-fiction) books or visit a bookstore?
What are some great Indian historical books (or novels)?
Punjabi is my mother tongue. Has anyone taken Punjabi as a compulsory language exam in the UPSC? What is it like, and which books should I study?
What book could be used for the statistical probability part in the actuary entrance exam (ACET)?
What's the latest book for PHP which involves the latest features and techniques for an intermediate developer?
How is energy transformed? Is there any book that explains this?
Is the book Design of Transmission Systems by Jayakumar good to refer to for actual design practices or only for exams?
What books are good to read to understand how derivative securities work under-the-hood?
What topics are best illustrated in the various books of JEE? How do I prepare from these books?
What are some of the greatest business books Gordon Miller can recommend for me to read?
What are some great books, in PDF format, for the international mathematics Olympiad?
What's a really good book?
Resonance DLPD modules vs Arihant books for JEE which one is better?
Which book is the best for current affairs for the CDS exam?
Which book is the most reliable for the JEE Advanced level physical chemistry theory?
Which book should I prefer for the 8th board and SOF Olympiads?
What are the required reference books for UPSC CSE Mains preparation?
Which famous or popular books do you hate? Why?
Which is the best book to understand the trading process of the stock market, provided I have sufficient commercial background?
What is the best book of reasoning for recent banking exams?
What is the best speaking English book?
Is it worth buying the RxSwift book?
Which book should I refer to in order to crack the Karnataka State Psi exam?
Indian history textbooks lack a lot of true Indian history; what could be the alternative rich reading sources for students from grades 6 to 12?
How do I prepare for KVPY SX maths exam? Which topics should be done from which books?
What is the “politics of becoming” that William Connolly mentions in his book "Why I Am Not a Secularist"?
Which book best explains about energy in physics?
Which book contains the story of King David?
How do I develop a deeper understanding of the stock market, and basically the secondary market? Please suggest ways to learn more or the names of some good books on finance and economics, etc.?
What are the books to be preferred to become a top tax auditor?
Can I teach myself with books?
What are the top 10 novels every reader should read?
What are some good books about physics and science for a starter?
What is the best book from which to learn advanced C++ and get familiar with Java Native Interface (JNI)?
Is there any 80s or earlier science book (not science fiction) which 'predicted' that video calling would one day become an everyday phenomenon?
Which do you think are the top 5 must read books?
Which is the best book for a person who is willing to go for marketing as a carrier?
Who writes blogs on Quora about history, books, anthropology, myth, Christian history, geography, or travel?
What are some good books on the history of the nationalist movement in Indochina?
What are the best Gujarati classic fiction books?
What are some books that romanticize mental illness?
Is CA Aaditya Jain good for SFM from an exam point of view, or is he just good for gaining financial knowledge?
Which books and websites do you suggest for studying for the Facebook data engineer interview?
Which book provides tier 2 maths question bank for SSC CGL?
Which is the most basic book available on quantum mechanics?
Which are the best books for young entrepreneurs?
What books can I read for self improvement and thinking?
How can I prepare for MAH-MCA-CET with just self-study? What book can I use?
What are some good books (in English) to read to understand the social issues in rural Taiwan?
Where can I get solutions to concept application exercises of Cengage books?
Which book to prefer for costing in Ca final?
What are the books to read if we want to discover the truth about India's independence, the freedom fighters involved and their true characters.?
What are some modern book adaptations of Shakespeare's Othello?
Which is better: Pritesh Singh’s or Rajamahendran’s surgery book?
Should I stop using my PC so much and start reading more books as a teenager?
What are some good books that explain software development process?
Is SL Arora Physics a good book for RBSE Class 12?
What themes in fiction do people want to read about today?
What are some good graduate-level mathematics books up to the pro level?
Which maths book is best for class 9?
Which books are best for the UPSC Mains for mathematics 1 and 2?
Which books or sites should I refer to for studying the basics of XML?
What are the five best books on diets and healthy lifestyle?
What are the best ways for introverts to promote books they've authored?
Where can I find books that will teach me how to hack?
What is the best book you suggest to learn about viruses for someone with very little background in biology?
Are you a part of the book whistling silence?
Is there a book about physics that is accessible and easy to read for an adult?
What are the best books to learn about Business English?
Which is the best book to enhance English speaking skills?
What kind of book should I read as a freshman recruiter? Or, what things should I learn deeper, so I could be a master in interviews?
What is the best book about wealth management for beginners?
In what order should I read Pushkin, Turgenev, Gogol, Dostoevsky, and Tolstoy?
What is a good book for engineering mathematics for GATE prep?
What is the best book on calculus that teaches us the calculus required to understand quantum mechanics?
What are the best books for learning about good practices and principles when developing a Node.js application, that are relevant in 2017?
What is the reference maths book for gate EE?
What is the best model-posing reference book (or how-to-pose-a-model-in-fashion book)?
Which are some good books for GST?
Which books are good to learn 'யாப்பிலக்கணம்' (Yappu Ilakkanam)?
What are some books on organic gardening?
Which book do you love the best?
Which books do students at top medical colleges read in the first year?
How should I learn aptitude and reasoning from zero level at home with the help of the Internet and books?
Can you suggest books or other resources which explain why people don't expect or think about contingencies/failure?
Are there any books only about Russian noun declension?
Which books do I need to refer to, for the Vizag Steel management trainee exam for metallurgical engineering?
Which are the best books to prepare for the TISSNET 2018?
Which is the best book for IPCC law and taxation having lots of questions for practice?
What are the best self-study books for cracking the CAT 2017? I am a CA and will be taking the CAT for the first time. I have not touched Math since class X.
Are there any essential books for scoring higher marks in mathematics for the CDS exam?
What sci-fi books have non-human main characters?
Which mathematics book should I read for IIT?
What books should I gift my 12 year nephew to build up his reading habits? He is from London.
Are there any short textbooks on molecular and cellular biology?
As a MBA student, how can one learn apart from books?
What books are you currently reading to your kids?
What are some famous French books?
What are some good books?
Which books do I need to refer to for the Vizag Steel management trainee exam for mechanical engineering?
What is best book for Lebesgue integration?
Are there any good books similar to ASOIAF and The Witcher Saga?
To what extent do 21st Century discoveries about Ancient Rome affect the credibility of history books published in the 20th Century?
I'm close to finish reading calculus by stewart. So what books should read next?
Which is the best book for physiology in the 1st year of an MBBS?
What is the best way to publicize my non-fiction book? How do I find reputable publicists? What is a typical budget?
Which book is best for Madhya Pradesh general knowledge?
Which are the best books for deep preparation of the GATE 2018 for civil engineering?
What are the list of best books for digital logic design?
What books are to be studied for the APPSC Group 1 exam?
Where in Lahore can I sell my O and A level books for a good price?
What is the summary of a book named Dingoes at Dinnertime?
What are some books having good calculus questions from the basic to the advanced level?
What are some good books on Renaissance art history discussed in the context of the socio-political change?
What is the most life changing book you've ever read?
What are the best textbooks that will help me prepare very well for the GRE physics exam’s different parts?
What are the standard text books for environmental engineering?
Is there any book that introduces Japan's biological warfare?
Which are the best novels for motivation and inspiration?
What guide book is best for the 12th history course?
What is the best book about Python for beginners?
What are the good books to study the European history?
Are Jaipur FIITJEE coaching chemistry packages enough for class 11 & 12, or do I need any other book? Which book should I refer to if needed?
Which is a good book in Chemistry for theory for JEE Mains and Advanced?
Which books are required to qualify for BBAU?
What is a good book on what our modern world is made of? One that has a general overview of what makes up our buildings, cars, electronic devices, etc
What are your criticisms of Charles Dickens' books?
Does The Magic book really help to motivate?
What books are good if you are appearing for the railway service competitive exam?
What is a detailed summary of the book Barnabus Mudpatch by Steve Moran?
Which book should I follow on quantum physics for my graduation?
What are the best Hungarian textbooks for foreigners?
Are there any more sites where I can read free books without paying money to become a member?
Should I buy the biography book of Steve Jobs that was written by Walter Isaacson?
Are there any solutions provided for the book Mathematical Circles: (Russian Experience)?
What is a classy book in statics and dynamics for conceptual need? What are your suggestions for an undergraduate guy (hons. Mathematics)?
What are some novels which can change my life to understand what I should do?
Which book is useful to study for the class 10 CBSE exam in 2017-2018?
What are some great books/novels on philosophy (non romantic or preachy) in Punjabi literature?
Which economy book to reference for the UPSC exam, the one by Ramesh Singh or by the late Sanjeev Verma (updated)?
What is the best book on Palestinian politics (not on the conflict but rather the history and contemporary politics of the PLO, Fatah, and Hamas?)
What are the best ways to support an author besides buying their books?
Which books should I read if I want to develop an app and I am not a computer programmer?
Which electrical book is used in IIT colleges?
Where can I buy the Condor Heroes book trilogy by Jin Yong/Louis Cha in English?
Which books should I refer to clear the overseas registration exam (ORE) in the UK?
Which book is the best for self-study of CCNP routing and switching?
What is a good non-fiction book recommendation for vacation reading?
Which are some of the best books for Combined Medical Services examination?
Is it necessary to prepare from all three books, i.e. the study material, the guide books and the NCERT books, for the UP provincial civil services?
What books do you consider must be read in their original language?
What are the best objective books for medical preparation?
What are good books for becoming a good lawyer?
What are some recommended books for Kas maths?
Which book should I give my teen siblings to get them interested in learning? Recommend any book: science, history, maths, literature, etc.
What are the top most inspirational books?
Is Pradeep's Fundamental Physics good for AIIMS and NEET preparation?
Are there any books or websites related to how to start an Internet-based startup which also discuss legal/permit/accounting issues?
What book would you recommend to read on a trek to Himalayas?
What are some good books on philosophy for someone who plans on majoring in philosophy?
What's a good book for self-study for pure mathematics?
What is the best book you would recommend to a friend to read?
If there is one book that you have read and would recommend that everybody should read it, what would it be?
Where can one find the latest collection of e-books?
Are there any courses/proper books for learning Julia and Data Science simultaneously from scratch?
Can you recommend some good fiction books with the action taking place in Miami?
What are some recent science-based relationship books that you like?
Which are some good books for CBSE 11th and 12th accountancy and economics?
What are considered some must read books at any venture capitalist firm?
What was your favorite book and why?
How can I find this book, "Kaplan and Manner: Culture Theory"?
Which are the best 5 English novels for children?
What is a book/material about the philosophy of software testing?
Which book is better, Arihant all-in-one or Arihant chapter-wise solutions for physics and chemistry for 12th class?
Is Jawaharlal Nehru an overrated author?
Where and how can I study intermediate level XSS?
Why are Audible books more expensive than physical books or online book purchases?
How can a UPSC aspirant exhaustively prepare the for the Mains syllabus for the GS Paper II? Are there any standard books like Laxmikant?
What are the best calculus books to have fun with for 12th pass students?
What are the best books on project management in a scientific/engineering context?
Which books should I read to improve statistics?
Which books are best for HTML?
What are the books that can be referred to, while studying European history?
Which book is best about a spy?
Why do engineering students score more when they study from reference books as compared to those who studies from simple printed notes?
What are some wedding readings from novels?
What are the standard books to follow for gate mechanical?
What is the best book/material for learning javavscript?
Can you recommend a book on Indian history (7th to 14th century)?
Are there different writers of NCERT books? If yes, then who is the best writer?
What are good books or informational resources for men in their 50s considering having a second child?
What are the latest recommended world history books?
What are the most compelling arguments posed against Daniel Quinn's philosophy as it is presented in Ishmael?
What are the best books/study aids to help interlink with medical subjects?
Which is the best book to learn Java Scripting from scratch?
What is best book for IIT preparation for 6 class?
What book do you really want to read, but haven't gotten around to it?
What's a good way to teach your teenage son how to be a respectful and good lover? (Porn is generally awful and he has read all of the birds and bees books.)
Do you read many books?
Which books are best for IIT-JEE preparation to score 300 or more?
Is there a book with a similar character like Caroline Forbes?
What are the latest history books you can recommend?
Which books should I prepare for basic electronics?
What is a great book which will give me an overview of the most significant trends in IT?
How can you read Harry Potter books without paying a penny?
Did you read the novel “The Fantasist?” What do you think about it?
What books does Warren Buffet like to read? Does he have a reading list?
What are the top CGL entrance exam books?
What is the best, simplest book to read to learn everything about tensors from scratch?
What is the best book to learn music theory for a mathematician?
Which is the best book for numericals in physics for the IIT-JEE? I already have Irodov.
What is the best book for the ABC’s of English grammar?
What booking system does Everwise use?
Is there any book that can help me master quantum mechanics? (I am in the 9th grade.)
Can I use my Marx horse collection in my story book and can I use their name?
As a beginner, where should I start with artificial intelligence? What books would you suggest? Any experience will be appreciated.
What books do you recommend for me?
Which is the best book to understand the same words used as different parts of speech?
Which books should I read to know ​the mindset of people as they grow?
Where can I find dark mystery gothic adventurous and sinister novels and books set in the British Raj?
Can you suggest me some spiritual Indian books?
Does reading more books make you more confused and anxious?
Within how many days can I finish Word Power Made Easy by Norman Lewis?
What is the best accounting book?
What are the books BA Physics at Oxford study during their 3 years of study?
What books should I read for the NEET PG?
What books does Oliver Tate give Jordana in Submarine (2010)?
What are the best books on African countries post-colonialism?
What reference books are suitable for students studying nursing?
What must-read books would you recommend?
What books are on teenagers’ 2017 summer reading lists?
What are the best books or links for preparing for the Financial Management section of the BOI credit officer exam? What are your suggestions?
What are the seminal works in human resource management?
What is the syllabus for organic chemistry for IIT JAM and which reference books are to be followed?
Which book should I choose for basic maths?
What is the most interesting biography, autobiography or a memoir you have read in recent times?
What are some good books for welding fixture design?
What is the best book(s) on virology or virus?
What is the software from which Facebook is programmed?
What is the most informational book you have ever read?
Which books to study for programming data structures 2?
Which is the standard book for Mathematics section for GATE CSE?
When will the book The Exile of Mukunda be released?
Where can I get an errorless physics book for free?
What is the best solution to begin reading books without getting bored?
As a dropper for IIT what is the best set of books to stick to?
What are the best books for CAT preparation for both logical reasoning and the verbal section?
How many of you think that the making of Bahubali will be highly informative and a text book for visual media and VFX students and be released soon?
Which books may be a good reference for general awareness and general knowledge for Delhi SI exam?
When will a new edition of Universal Self Scorer come?
Is there any good book for the answer to the relationship between law and morality?
How can I summarize the book I read in a short period?
How do I score good marks in the Diploma CET exam? Which books should I read, and what tricks should be used in writing the exam?
What is the best book to learn TensorFlow?
Which books should an electrical engineer read to get at par with BS physics?
What are some children's books that aid their introduction/learning to/of philosophy?
What are some books and websites with analogies or metaphors for mathematical concepts and formulas?
How do I choose the perfect resource for JEE preparation, since there are a variety of good books to choose from?
What books and resources would you recommend to learn designing and building APIs with Nodejs?
Which books should I refer for concept clarity for accounts 1 IPCC?
Are there any study materials that combines all of the topic-wise NCERT books into one?
What is the best book or site to learn GK for XAT 2017?
Which is the best book on quantum mechanics for begginers having no background in calcalus?
Which is the best book IIT JEE match?
Which is the best guide or reference book for 10th class, according to the CBSE pattern of 2017 (besides NCERT)?
What are the best books on moving on from a relationship that never started?
What do you think of the book Lawrence of Arabia?
What type of books should 21Years men read?
Which maths concepts book is best for IIT levels?
Can anyone recommend a novel to me? It must be the best that you've ever read and can help me build an interest in reading.
Which books can help me to get into IBA Karachi?
How do I prepare mechanics for GATE 2018? Which book should I follow?
What is the best self improvement book to read this weekend?
What's the creepiest book you have ever read? Was it The Consumer?
What are the best proportions of white space to use in book design?
What are some good books to learn Indian history?
Where can I get good book reviews?
How can I read a lot of books and learn from them, absorb all the information from them, and eat the material from them?
Which book should I reference to prepare for MT metallurgy at Vizag steel plant?
What is the SOPEP book?
What are the references/books for learning the Kotlin language?
What have you learned from a book?
What do you think about readers who add meaning (criticism) to book?
What will be the best book for class 12 math for JEE?
What are the best and the toughest books for IITJEE Math?
What are the best non-fiction books of all time and why?
Which are the best anthropology books for UPSC preparation?
I just made the mistake of telling my main character of my book about his role in said book, and he asked me to leave him out of it. What do I do?
Which books are best for details of finance and investment, especially for students of IIM Ahemdabad?
What is the only book I have to read in order to realize my dream of becoming wealthy?
Which are the best books for deep preparation for the 2019 GATE for civil engineering?
What kind of book should I read to be an expert in interviewing candidates?
Which order should I read Lacan?
What was your good or bad experience with Just Books, Bangalore (any branch)?
Where can I get links for downloading ICSE recommended books?
Which is the best objective book of maths for JEE?
Are there any books or articles that discusses Abu Bakar Naji's "Management of Savagery" comprehensively?
Which books are best for clearing JEE?
Which are your favorite love stories by Catherine Cookson?
Would a book labeled as alternative fiction put you off buying it?
What are the best books of SaaS product marketing?
Have you read the book Unscripted: Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Entrepreneurship by MJ DeMarco?
What does this Publius Syrus quote mean, “Divide the fire and you will sooner put it out”?
What are some of the books, videos and articles which will be helpful in preparing for MUNs?
Is a good understanding of second order optimization algorithms necessary to understand deep learning?
What anime series are similar to Malazan Book of the Fallen?
What are the best books for energy audits?
Which book is best for the SSC JE Electronics?
What is the best seller book of all time?
How can I get useful English history articles and books in electronic edition?
Should I use only NCERT books for my class 10 annual exam? If no, then name that reference book?
What are the best MCQ books for AIPGMEE?
Can you write a brief book review to summarize your favorite book?
What is a must-read book for understanding the money cycle, its history, and how it works?
Which book would widen one’s worldview?
What is the content of Judas Book?
What are some good books or sites to begin stock trading?
Which reference book is the best for WBJEE and JEE Main (math, physics, and chemistry) preparation?
Which book should I read for The Mahabharata?
Which book is best to master organic reaction?
What books are based on history of India?
How do I use mind mapping when I read a book since CV I wants to do that?
What are some books on comparative mythology?
What does it mean if you choose a book to read and you don't remember what you read?
Do students outside India refer to Indian books for math and science?
Which books should be studied for NSEJS?
What are good books on the Kapampangan people of the Philippines?
What are the best reference books for commerce with maths in CBSE board? Both 11th and 12th.
If the skills are learned from the net or books, how does a recruiter judge without the certificate?
What are some books that intelligent individuals read?
What are the best books for IBPS PO preparation for the current syllabus and exam pattern?
Which spoken English book is the best?
Is current booking available in all trains?
What are the best books for AAT after JEE advanced?
How were people in the past learn languages without any books or documents?
Where should I study for CPT, from the modules or from the J.K. Shah Classes book? How should I study economics?
What are some great books to read during college?
What is a recommended introductory book on educational testing for newbies with no background in either advanced math or statistics?
Is there any book for current affairs in the question and answer format for SSC CGL 2017?
Which is the best book that explains about light and heat energy in depth?
Do you know of any books where the main character becomes bad?
Which book should I buy for CAT preparation?
How do I create an interest in non-fiction books?
Why are books written on the partition of India by Punjabis given more importance than books written by Bengali authors on the partition of Bengal?
What are the top 3 best books you have read?
What book should I use for CA final auditing? I prefer a book which has elaborate explanations and should not be in Q&A format.
Which is the best book on fluid mechanics for BARC interview preparation for chemical engineering?
What are some of the best novels that everyone should read once in their lifetime?
I'm a fan of Dan Brown and have also read books from Elif Shafak. Which book should I take up next?
What is the best book to help and lead USA immigrants to a successful path?
What is the best math model book about the El Farol bar problem?
What's the most wonderful book you've ever read?
What are some good Islamic apologetic books?
If Quorans were like books, what books would they be?
Do you ever step back and realize that reading is essentially blobs of ink on paper but that we can take so much meaning from books and other texts?
Are there any good modern control books that have examples or a solution manual?
Which books should I use for preparation of NEET 2019?
What are some good books to learn about the Indian Armed Forces in detail?
What is the best book to prepare for 3-D geometry for the JEE?
What can you tell us about your book?
Which books are great to read to help me reach success?
Which is the best Hindi (easy language) book for 2nd class or 1st class mining posts?
What book is the best to use to crack the ESE exam?
What security resources (books, blogs, courses, etc.) would you recommend?
Which reference books are best for informatics practices in class 11?
Is it ok to study only the "Concepts of Physics" by HC Verma and not the NCERT book for class 12 board and AIPMT entrance?
What are the best books on clean code, data structure, & algorithms? And what is the best way to improve my logic?
What are the best books for Java programming and Python? Is there a book that features everything, from beginner to advanced?
What are some of the books and videos I can refer to learn hacking? How much time does it take do so?
Is there any book that narrates the emotions of a person who sabotaged his own relationship, life?
Are there any technical books on artificial intelligence?
What are the best books or links for preparing for the financial management section of the BOI credit officer exam?
What are the best books for theory for the NSEJS for class 9 and class 10?
What reference books are best for IIT JEE preparation?
What is the math book for the CAT?
What are some books that I can get for more knowledge in class 11 for an arts stream?
Which For Dummies book is best for advice on writing fiction?
Which NCERT books are important for the UPSC prelim?
What are some of the best books for every woman who just started her career?
Do teenagers have to read the world classics books in high school in your country? Which ones are "must-read"?
What is the best book to study Java?
Which non-academic fiction books would Awdhesh Singh suggest that are related to bureaucracy?
For the NEET 2018, which book should I study for biology, Aakash modules or the ALLEN DLP book after the NCERT?
Which book should I study for aptitude exams?
Why do some people read a lot of books? How is that such an interesting hobby?
What is the best book about ancient civilizations?
What books will be most useful to take with me to a CS professional open book exam (banking law and practice)?
What book should I read to know about motorcycles and automobiles?
What are the best novels I can read on my free time?
What are some good books for Jews history and mythology?
Is there any book which contains real time incidents of great people which changed their prospective?
What is the number one book to use as a guide to success?
It is necessary to buy new books for preparing for the JEE Mains and Advanced?
What are the best books for geography as optional in IAS?
Do you read entire legal books in law school?
What is a good book, pre-1900s, to compare to The Road by Cormac McCarthy?
What are some good books to learn accounting and Indian laws for businesses and about Indian taxes?
Which books have you read more than 2 times?
Which book is good for physical chemistry for the JEE (topics like ionic eq. and thermodynamics)?
What is a good book for statistics for the data science people?
What are the names of a few good books for the IIT JAM in biological science?
What is your tween reading right now?
Which is the best book on philosophy for a beginner?
Which books should one read to improve English communication?
Which books should I prefer for BEL computer science?
What is a good objective book for chemistry for NEET?
How do I read a lot of books with no time?
What are the best books for numerical analysis and linear programming?
How do I know what is considered as dharma? Is there a specific book?
I'm currently enrolled in a masters program of philosophy and would like to work on my logic skills. What activities/books would you suggest?
Which book should be used for the class 5 Olympiad?
What is the best book that can have an impact on our lives?
What book is needed for the CBSE applied art for class 12 (code 052)? Is there an NCERT book?
What chapters should be covered in the linear programming for mathematics optional from the Krishna series of books?
What are the 5 five books that everyone who is new to reading novels should read?
What are the best books for mathematics for class 12 students?
What is the best book to test Python skills for beginners?
What are the very interesting novels based on history in Tamil?
Which books are good to learn Visual Basic Application?
What should a good econometrician be reading every week?
What are some good books, blogs, podcasts, or material to read if I want to learn the art of building a business in the automotive industry?
What are some of the books for GRE preparation?
What are the best romance books that would make you cry?
What are the most misogynistic books?
What are your favorite humorous passages from a self-help or how-to book?
Which is the best reference book for Robotics and mechatronics for ESE preparation?
What is the best book for theory of physics for JEE Mains and advanced?
What are some books that talk about the hard truth about life?
Which books should I read to know more about the teachings of Swami Vivekananda?
What is the basic information required to understand quantum mechanics? Is there a book that teaches it?
What are some books for an entrance exam on virology?
Could you recommend some books about rehabilitation?
What is the book’s name in the movie “MANAM” when Nagarjuna met with Samantha at the book shop?
What books on bipolar disorder have you found to be the best? I loved "An Unquiet Mind" by Kay Jamison and recommend it.
What are the best books on problem-solving in industries?
What books would you suggest for a beginner like me?
How does reading help me?
Which is the best book for the basic knowledge of stock market and IPO?
What are some good behavioural science books?
How do I prepare for the KVPY SX exam? What books should I follow? Should I take the mocks for the same?
Is it possible to win IBO by just reading biology books/watching videos without formal classes? If yes, what book and videos would you/they recommend?
What are some good books that are basically autobiographies/biographies of successful marriages?
What is the first novel that got you interested in fiction?
What is the best book on Data Science and/or Predictive Analytics for a newbie in the field?
What are the different text features in a book?
What are some effective books on how to control and rule people?
Which books should I read to prepare for the International Biology Olympiad?
Which is the best book for the previous year’s solved papers of the GATE mechanical?
What are some best books available on Kindle for free?
What is a synopsis of the book "How I Became Stupid” by Martin Page?
Which reference books are better for class 10?
Why do people sit with a pencil while reading a book?
Which is the best book I should read for learning life lessons and life experiences?
What are your favourite lines from books or novels you have read?
Which book of economics should I prefer to solve previous years’ questions for CBSE?
Which are the best books on reasoning and financial awareness for promotional exams in banks?
Which are some books that a commerce graduate must read?
Which is best English book to practice for CDS?
Which are the best novels for inspiration and motivation?
What types of books should a 9th class student read for IIT?
Which book is better for physics, D. C. Pandey or H. C. Verma?
Which books reference more short-cut principles for the CGL Tier 1 aptitudes?
Which book is more preferable for an MT mechanical post at Vizag Steel Plant?
What is the smartest way for preparing for Verbal Ability in CAT?
What are some books that one should read during the second year of an economics honours course at DU?
What should teen fiction novels contain?
Which books should be preferred for the first semester of a BBA?
Which are the most reputable and important reference books for a CNC Machinist?
What are some short and good law books to read?
Are there any books on operational management? I am looking for effective management for an electrical factory.
What book should be read by BE education major students?
Which book is better for inorganic chemistry - J. D. Lee or Prabhat Kumar?
Can I just start reading The Heroes of Olympus (The Lost Hero), without reading any other Percy Jackson book?
What book can one read to learn the meaning of narcissism?
Which is the best book for RRB?
What are the non-fiction books written by INTJs?
Which is the best book for securing 95% in class 12th commerce?
What is a GATE question bank book for Civil with minimum errors?
What are the best books for HVAC design? What is the software that is used in HVAC problem solving?
What are the best self-help books for beginners?
I want to start reading philosophy. Is Essays by Montaigne a good book to begin with?
What is the best novel for a script writer to read to learn how to write a novel?
What are some great children's books that adults can learn from?
Frederick Forsyth has never written about India in any of his books?
What books must be read for improving financial literacy?
How can I summarize the content of the book The Little Prince?
Which book in manufacturing should I use for the preparation of GATE?
Sometimes a book can be a "cure", is there any book that effectively solved some problem in your life?
Which book should I prefer for solving inequations for the JEE?
Do I have to buy books in the 1st semester at SRM KKR campus or do they provide all of the books?
Can I read Nancy Drew books for free?
What is the base for civil engineering code? Is that practically examined?
Is there any book that only contains sketching exercises?
Do you provide a guest book at your vacation rental? What are some more interesting ideas that aren't just a standard book?
Which physics theory book should I follow in order to solve IE Irodov?
What is the best book for a UP police computer operator?
How is energy absorbed by an atom? Is there a book/course which explains this whole concept?
Is reading the Lars Kepler books in order necessary?
For which book I should go for the preparation of Architecture aptitude test?
What is a good book about how to design maintainable programs and all the answers around why should I do one thing over another while programming?
What are the best books to learn about stock market in India?
What are some books that can help you in the future?
What book would you recommend for a continuation course in quantum mechanics?
Which book would you suggest if it's gonna be my first book to read?
Why don't I like to read books with dialogue?
Which books should I follow for CBSE class 11 in chemistry and physics if my concepts are weak?
What are some basic books that a finance background student should read?
Which are some good books to read on the topic of public health and policy?
What books should I read that will help me learn higher-level math?
Which and how many books do I have to read to get a good hold on solar energy?
Do you read more non-fiction books, or more fiction books?
Which book can I read to get unbiased insights of Naxalism?
Which type of glass do I need to make some Prince Rupert’s Drops? Also, what are some good books about them or good internet pages?
What are your recommendations for books in the horror, suspense, and/or paranormal genres?
Which books did Agam Jain read before moving to Delhi?
Which are the best novels written in Gujarati?
Which books are good for the APPSC Group 3 Mains?
What books do you recommend to learn more about economics?
Are there any books for adults who used to be bullied/excluded as children?
Which is the best book for mathematics CBSE class 11?
Why don't I like books with dialogue?
What is the best Mathematics book for entrance preparation?
What are some books a 14 year old should read?
What are life-changing books out there with regards to becoming a financial success?
What are the standard books of mathematics and science for 9th standard?
From which book should I prepare for elementary astronomy for the National Standard Examination in astronomy (NSEA-XII)?
Which are the best standard books for preparation for the GATE for mechanical?
Which book is best for biology 12 CBSE board exams?
Which is the best book to study switching theory and logic design?
What are some recommendations for some good books on psychology for someone not having psychology as a major?
What is the best book to learn hacking for the students of grade: 9 - 10?
What are the books to be referred to for the Political Science optional subject of UPSC, and what are lectures to be watched?
What are the best reference books for professional knowledge on which we can rely fully to prepare for (IBPS) IT officer exam?
Which is the best book to learn stock marketing for begineers?
What are some appropriate alien books for a 12 y/o?
What are some good Indian fiction novels about love?
Which books should I study for NEET 2018?
What is the most comprehensive book on animals of California?
What are maths books for the JEE apart from NCERT and Exemplar? What are the best books for particular portions and what are the best complete books for the JEE (both exams)?
Which book should I refer for ITSM (IPCC)?
Do you think it's good to track books you've read?
Which are the best books to learn computer languages?
Are there any good books to help with a restaurant setup?
How can I improve my English spelling and reading skills as a new learner?
What books should I read to get into BUET?
Which is the best book for basic knowledge of stock market and IPO ?
What is the best book to learn Spring?
Which book is best for learning SOP?
Which is the best book for the JEE which explains all of the concepts in easy language, and has short trick formulas and the best numericals?
What are some of the useful magazines and interesting books on international relations that Rahul Shrivastava would recommend?
How do I pass the IELTS, and which books would help me to do so?
Which newspapers and books should I use for my GRE and CAT preparation?
Which study material can cover the general awareness part of the SSC CGL?
What is the best reference book for bio in class 11 for AIIMS?
What books do I read to understand the OTC market?
Which book is good for DSSSB preparation?
Which book is better for biology in the class 12 boards exam?
What's a good series of science books?
What are the reference books to crack the design aptitude test for an IIT?
Which is better, reading two books or reading a book twice?
What is the best book for data structures through C?
How do I read what I don't like?
Which book is better for MBBS ophthalmology, Parson or Khurana?
What are the basic books which are sufficient for aptitude and mental ability in competitive exams?
If you could own/read only one book about programming/CS, what would it be?
What is the best novel to read as a teenager?
What is the best website or book to be updated about recent entrepreneurial trends?
What is the best book on quantum mechanics for a beginner with very little background in calculus?
What books do you recommend if I am willing to start a tech based startup?
What are the best novels and Knowledge books you would recommend for?
Am I learning C the right way? Also, what are the best resources/books to get a better insight into the system's hardware and software interaction?
What are the best known children's books in the world (written in any language)?
Which book should I refer for doing the JEE Mains and Advanced Physics?
What is the best book for learning Ionic 3?
Where can I buy a book that is out of print?
What is the best Christian book for overcoming doubt and worry?
Can you suggest me some good non-fiction science books to read? I am reading Cosmos by Carl Sagan and finding it fascinating.
What is a good political non-bias book for teens that want to learn about an issue?
How is Inamdar for GPAT preparation? Is it a good book to prefer?
What are some good books for JEE Chemistry namely Organic and Inorganic?
What are the most unmissable books?
What book should I use in preparation for the DT CA final exam?
Which is the best portal for ordering books?
What books should I read to have a deep understanding of how OTC securities are built?
What does it mean to be following the heart, as mentioned in the book "The Alchemist"?
Has anyone here taken ASRB Mains in agriculture biotechnology? If yes, what are some important books and topics other aspirants should look to?
Which is the best book to prepare for logical reasoning, through self-study, for the CAT?
When is the next edition of Nishit K. Sinha's CAT books coming out for the CAT 2018?
For Flat World Knowledge books, can a solution manual be accessed when self-studying?
Which is the best book or way to understand the equivalent concept?
What is the revolution of the book?
I'm a new reader but I don't know what genre I'm into. What should I read?
What are some dark sides of self-help books?
Should we study exact words as written in the book or should we study the concepts in our own words?
Where can I get famous Telugu novels or books for negligible rates?
What is the best book to learn Java for beginners?
What do you think of the book The Information: A History, A Theory, A Flood written by James Gleick?
What are some of the must read papers on Amyloidosis?
Could someone suggest me some good websites for downloading e-books or PDFs?
Which is the best book to read before becoming 20?
How do you format action novels?
How and when should I read a book of poems?
Which books are reliable for the JEE Main preparation (not necessarily for Advanced as well)?
What are the best introductory books for the category of theory?
Which one maths foreign books which helps to build up concept on IIT level?
What are some fiction books about serial killers?
What are good clean mangas and books to read?
Where can I do the most difficult problems of the ECE subjects? What would be a list of books or sources?
How large of a role did reading play in Gordon Miller’s path to success?
Which is the best book and way to gain the basic knowledge for an IPO in India?
What are some really good sci-fi books?
What is the best physical python books?
What is the best book or source for theories of international relations?
What are some of the best must read suspense fiction books?
What are the best movies and books set in Paris during the Belle Époque?
How do you revise bulky books?
What are the best books to increase my skills in Finance?
What are the themes of the novel "The Metamorphosis of Prime Intellect" by Roger Williams?
What is the best book for SSC CGL English preparation?
What are books, podcasts, magazines, websites, industry leaders, articles, and research within Management Consulting to gain in-depth insight?
What resources or books are sufficient or should be read for NEET preparation in Hindi?
What are the best skills I should learn?
Why don’t people and students like textbooks?
Which book is good for calculus in BITSAT?
What are some good and tough books for IIT JEE preparation?
How do I start studies in class 11 (for commerce students)? What are the best books to start studying?
Which book should I buy for the CAT exam?
Which problem books do you recommend for IPhO? Is the one of 'Igor Irodov' well enough?
What is the best site to read a book's critiques?
So I have a couple of books that I have read and don't intend on reading them again, is there any website where I can sell used books in India?
What are the best photogrammetry books?
Why do I get sleepy when I read a book?
Which is a good iOS app for reading any books online?
Could anyone suggest a book to practice modulus and wavy curve forms?
Which is the best book to study physical chemistry?
How should I find out if I like computer science vs math? Can you suggest any books?
Which are best books for mechanical engineering 1st semester?
Your home is going up in flames. You can only save one book. What book do you take with you?
How often do you get books you want to read at cheaper rate in India?
What book about databases was written by C.J. Date?
What’s a good resource for understanding relations in data structures & discrete math?
Which are the best books to gain insights into mechanical engineering?
What are some of the best books lines?
What are some love story novels with sad endings?
What would you like to know about India? If it came as a book form, what would be the title?
Is there any difference between the newer edition Barron physics, chemistry, and math books and the 9th and 8th editions?
What is the best book on maths literature?
What is the book “The Secret” written about?
What are good reference books for the CAPF exam?
What are some of the best books to study for the M.Sc microbiology entrance exam?
What are some books that can read in free time for maths student?
What will change in me if I start reading books?
Which site or book should I read to learn about exploits?
What are the new good Indian novels to read currently?
Are Cengage physics books (Advanced series) enough to crack INPHO?
Which is the best book for Oracle SCM?
Where can I sell old novels in Pune?
How do I prepare for the JEE Main, and what are some good books for doing so?
What are some best books to study electronics engineering?
What kinds of Indian books do you like to read in terms of genre? Does India have a great fictional fantasy book?
What is a good book on western classical music for a novice ?
What are your favorite Suspense / Romantic novels of the last ten years?
What book is valuable to read?
What are some books regarding marketing for Beginners?
Are there any books related to human psychology, specifically describing why humans behave a certain way?
If you could recommend one great business/entrepreneurial book, what would it be?
Which is the best book for physics for IIT?
What are the best book publishing agencies in 2017?
Which are the best books written by Indian authors on programming language 'C'?
Which book is good for learning about Alexander the Great?
What are the best books for solving problems in Python?
What are the best books for the study of the MSC virology entrance exam?
Can I get Electronic Devices and Circuits – T.F. Bogart Jr., J.S.Beasley and G.Rico book online?
What would your personality be like if you had never read a book in your life?
Which book should I follow to clear the NSEB?
Which book should I use to prepare for the Vizag steel management trainee exam in the metallurgy stream?
Which is the best book for the RIMC exam?
What is the best book for developing concepts in mathematics?
What are the best books to start preparing for civil services for beginners?
What are the best novels with science fiction and humor?
What's the best books to read if I am a civil engineer?
What are some good books for bridge analysis and design?
Which is the best book for theory for NSEJS class 10?
What would be good book to introduce a toddler to the Bengali language?
What are your personal top 10 dystopian books?
Which book should I refer to to make my organic chemistry knowledge strong both for the JEE Advanced and for scoring 100% in class 12?
When is Jess Walter coming out with a new book?
Which is the best fiction novel to read with a dramatic suspense?
Should I read other books beside Computer Graphics Principle and Practice?
What are some fictional novels about the Russian mafia?
What books should I read in high school to help me get into college?
What book is a good one to study the Legendre transformation from the very beginning?
What are the books, songs, poems, biographies, PDF you think can turn me from 'I don't want anything (even if I am fully capable)" to " Yeah! I'll do it"?
Which is the best refrence book for class 11 physics if the aim is not to clear any competition and just to gain marks in 11th exams?
What are the selected chapters from the book, Ramesh Singh, according to Israel Jebasingh for the UPSC?
As a student, which Veda should I read?
What are the best illustrated topics from the various JEE books and how can you self-study from these books?
What books are similar to The Forty Rules of Love, which teaches you something about life, love and discovering oneself?
What should I read in order to understand Swedenborg and his influence on Blake?
What is the best novel for a school student?
What was the Vietnam War like for Communist soldiers? Are there any sources or books you could recommend?
Which books should I refer to for AMIE section B mechanical engineering?
Which are the best psychological thriller novels, worth your time?
Are there any books that will help me to talk and think like a lawyer?
What are the best texts/books for learning CS with Python?
Where I can get the class 12th solutions of the DK Goel Accountancy book?
What are some free online books to read?
What is a good book on Computational neuroscience for the layperson?
Which MCQ books should I start solving to crack PG Examination?
How is the US portrayed in the history books of your country?
What l should do at my graduation level for my best career?
Which are some best books to know more about space?
Which websites contain the most in-depth book reviews?
What are the best 'worked example' coding text books for all languages?
Is there any need to study extra books, like Pardeeps and Modern, for year droppers to crack the NEET?
Which books should I use for NEET preparation And what startgery should I follow in summer vacations? I am in class 11th.
What kinds of books have a lot of firefights and stuff like that in them?
What are the most powerful books for self-development?
How can I collect research for a book?
Should Indian kids read books written by British authors only?
What are the best books to prepare for the IBPS examination?
What is the best book for studying quantum physics from scratch?
How should I start economics for CSE? Should I read the book or just go through the Unacademy NCERT economics summary?
What book most impacted your life after first reading it in your thirties?
What is a new book on church planting?
What is the most preferred book for Bill Gates except for "Business adventure"?
How do I get motivated to read more books as a teenager and get smarter?
What is a good book on the criminal procedure code that I can study to prepare for the judiciary?
What is the best book for competitive exams for agricultural stream?
What are the best Indian books?
Why does every dyslexic protagonist in a book are always male?
What are some good books that teach you how to deal with different types of people?
How can I learn everything I can, read more books and absorb more material?
What are the good books that I should go for to become a statistician?
What are the extra books to read and understand to pass the JEE Advanced?
Which book store in Patna is best for buying Cengage books?
What books should I read to get a full scope of math, from the very basics up to calculus? (It’s fine if the books are in volumes.)
What are some good fictional or non-fictional philosophical novels about life, relationships, and human nature?
What are the top 10 books a 20 year old should read?
Have you read both of these books, Logic & Computer Design Fundamentals and Computer Architecture: a Quantitative Approach? Which book is better?
How do I start with random topics or reading a book in one go for public administration? Without proper guidance, how do I start preparing this optional?
Which books should one read and practise from for NEET, primarily for an AFMC aspirant?
What kind of book should I read after clearing CAT for an interview?
Which book should I prefer in physics for IIT JEE Advanced?
Which physics book is the best for class 10th?
Which is best book on quantum mechanics for a student studying in class 10 which explains both basic and complex information?
Which is the best book for SSC CGL 2017 tier 1?
Which book is better for the JEE Main for chemistry, MTG or Universal Self-Scorer Errorless?
Which book is best on pulse diagnosis (नाड़ी परीक्षा) in Hindi?
What books should I read to start an apparel line?
Is there any book for beginners to understand basic human psychology?
What book has helped you multiple times in your student life?
What transformation did the book Awaken the Giant Within by Anthony Robbins bring in your life?
Is ISC Mathematics by Gupta and Bansal (Sultan Chand Publishing) a good mathematics book for IIT?
What is the best way to study a book?
Is the writer Salman Rushdie anti-Muslim?
Which books should one read in high school to get a deep knowledge of cosmology?
How do I avoid drowsiness while reading a literature book?
How do I start preparing for shorthand at home and gain 100 wpm speed for the SSC stenographer exam? Please recommend books, tips, etc.
Which is the best maths book of class 8?
What are the best books for JEE aspirants in class 11?
What are the best Books for Institutional economics?
What is the best book for Abstract Algebra in hons. level?
Which is the best book to read on Rumi’s love poems?
Which books are preferable for an MT electrical post at a Vizag Steel plant?
Which books should I buy to prepare for NTSE?
Which book is best for B Pharma study?
What books should I prefer for the GATE in the Metallurgical branch?
What are some recommendations for good books on psychology for any person not having psychology as a major?
What books can one read to understand more about ancient Indian science and mathematics?
What books do doctors enjoy reading?
What are the best books for PCMB group 12?
Which book is good for coordination compounds in chemistry for the JEE?
Which book is best for English comprehension, grammar and vocabulary?
Which book is good on the working of GPS for beginners?
Which is the best children's book you have ever read in your native language?
What is the best book in design and analysis of algorithm?
Which edition should I purchase of Solomon and Fryhle?
What genre of books should I read to become a smart, tactful, and manipulative woman?
Which books are the best to read about the challenges of life?
Where can I get some good online material on automobile parts and it's working, worth reading during summer?
In which book shop in Ranchi can I find Shubhash Dey's Business Studies book for Class 12?
Who has read a book authored by Andrus K Tebecis, PhD?
What is the sense in reading books if you later forget about most of them?
What are the best books for a college student to read before going into enterprise software sales?
Why doesn't the Deep Learning Book reference any of Leslie Valiant's work?
Does Takshshila have any books for the CAT exam?
What is the best book for understanding remittances?
What are the best mystery/thriller or horror book that you would suggest a 12 year old girl?
Which book should I buy in class 11 for chemistry?
What is the best book for antenna theory as a part to be studied for the GATE 2018?
If you could erase one book series from ever being written, which would you choose and why?
What are the age ranges for children's books?
What's the best book to introduce me to philosophy?
What are the best book materials and current affairs magazines for the preparation for the Karnataka Administrative Service (KAS) exam?
What are the best books to learn EEE basics?
What are the important books for cat preparation?
What is an online book for complete information about mutual funds?
If I took a specific book to the US, would it be confiscated?
What is a good book for theory for chemistry for JEE Main and Advanced?
What's a good book on neural nets and the like for someone not intimidated by (actually wants) math in the exposition?
What are some recommendations for some psychological books about understanding emotions?
Which books can I refer to for the KVPY-SA?
What are good books for telling me everything that my parents never taught me?
Should I buy old NCERT or new NCERT books for the basics?
What books should I prefer for programming and coding? I am done with all my UG entrance exams but last time studied computers in class 8th.
What are the top books for leading remote teams?
What is the best spectroscopy book for Physical Chemistry?
How can we study if we are not having books?
What would be the best book or set of books for advance British English covering every part with voice and accent practice that is not boring?
What is the best book that can give you deep insight about hospitality and hospitality industry?
What are the best futurist book to boost creativity?
What are the best physical chemistry textbooks for IITs?
What books should I read on ancient battle strategy and tactics?
What is the best book for machine learning applications?
What are the best books for GATE (electrical engineering) and any tips or suggestions for preparation, will be a great help?
What are your favorite humorous passages from a science article or book?
Which books are required reading for mechanical for the GATE?
Is Universal Self Scorer a good book for the JEE Mains and Advanced?
Which book should I refer to gain the basic knowledge about networking?
What are the attributes of a wise person? What books should I read in order to expand my mind?
Where do I buy books for 11th grade?
What is the best book for information technology if I am a beginner?
Which Indian science book should I read?
Are there good book treatment examples?
What are some must-read books for a 17-year-old who wants to be an entrepreneur?
What are some good value for money book subscription boxes available in India?
What are the best CSIR life sciences books to prepare to crack the exam by 100%?
What are the settings of the novel "The Metamorphosis of Prime Intellect" by Roger Williams?
Which are the best books for basic aerospace engineering?
Can Awdhesh Singh Sir share the names of his favourite top 10 self-help books?
Which books should I read for the CAT exam preparation?
Which is your most favorite book in Harry Potter series? And what makes it your favorite?
What are the differences between the old edition and new edition of IIT JEE books?
Which book should I buy to prepare for AIEEE?
How much time should 2 paragraphs cover in my book?
What are the best books to learn technical aspects of screenwriting?
What books are available to learn about the history behind the naming of roads in Kolkata?
What is a good book about the Eastern Front in WWI?
What is the complete list of books one needs to read to clear UPSC with Political Science as an optional?
Which mouth organ is best for beginners?
What is the best book that explores the big 5 personality traits of human behavior?
What are the best agricultural books?
Which are the best books for a 11 -12 th class student to prepare for SAT?
What are some good books on advanced Graphology?
Which books are best to prepare for IIT-JAM/TIFR/JEST (Physics) and BSc. Physics university exams?
What is the best books for engineering concepts?
Where can I find a list of books with archaic language?
Which book should I use for NEET: Pradeep or USS?
I'm planning on majoring in finance, someone provide me with a decent sized list of books that I should read?
Would you ever recommend "The Book Thief" by Markus Zusak to any one of your friends? Why?
What is a really good book for Java and data structure, as a beginner?
Can I get Yandamoori’s books?
Which books will help me for the IAS preparations?
Which books are the best for preparation for the Bank of India credit officer exam 2017?
Are there any good books on the Bloods (especially the East Coast UBN/United Blood Nation)?
Which is the best book on energetics (physics)?
What book should I buy for Class 10?
What are some books everyone should read in life?
Which are the best reference books for class 11 CBSE science (physics, chemistry and biology)?
Is it possible to learn finance by oneself by reading books, than going to a B-School?
What is the best book and MOOCs to understand digital marketing and blogging?
Is it okay for a student to read multiple computer science books simultaneously?
Which books can I download for free in order to prepare for the general awareness part of the SSC CGL?
Why is the majority of old books or novels only about noble people?
What are the best books for learning about finance?
Where can I find fiction novels at a cheaper rate in Delhi?
What are some of the best books available in PDF format for learning Java? Can you give the links?
Which books are best to prepare for the 2017 Bank of India credit officer exam?
What is your review of the book The Most Beautiful: My Life with Prince written by Prince’s first wife Mayte Garcia?
Which books should a person have to read to get to the same level as Elon Musk or Bill Gates?
How do you determine the kinds of books to use as reference in your research?
In a bag, there are 5 green books, 5 red books and 5 blue books. In how many ways can we fill 3 vacant places with these 15 books?
What is a good book or resource for studying the history of special relativity?
What are the best books from which I can learn how to use the subconscious mind for achieving goals?
How do you keep a book's cover from suspending?
Which are the best detailed books for learning ethical hacking from scratch?
What are the best books/study aids to help interlink medical subjects?
What are the best metapapers about entrepeneurship development?
Which are the best books to learn Fortran?
Which are the best reference books for IIT preparation in class 11?
What 3-5 biographies would you suggest to have a competent understanding of US history?
What books should I refer to for the KAS exam? If I'm studying without outside coaching, how should I study?
What book should we read for govt exams preparation?
What are some good online learning materials/books to study about warehousing and logistics in general or that are specific to Europe?
Which books should I read to make myself fluent in English?
Which is the best book for share market study and investment?
Which types of books can be read after a breakup?
What does “vintage” written on a book cover mean?
Can you recommend good reference sources for the subject of global trends in mobile education?
To which book should I refer to crack NEET?
Which book is good for TV & radar engineering?
Where can I best read books?
How should I prepare for law and audits? Should I learn exactly the same language in books, or else can I use my own?
Is there any book about the relationship between music and math?
What are some good books on learning Mandarin for absolute beginners?
What kind of book or series could help stigma associated with suicide?
What are some of the best chemistry books that I should refer for my IIT JEE preparation for all the three sections (physical, organic and inorganic)?
What are the best books for class 9 maths and science?
What are some random good books?
Which books can I read to get *UNBAISED* insights of Naxalism in India?
Could anybody show me a sample of a book report?
What are the books that contain the secrets of the universe, regarding how to get wealthy?
Which is the best book shop for selling used books in Chennai?
When I'm reading a book or watching a series, is it normal to stress all the time about when I'll finish it?
What are the best books to learn about the space race?
If you could only own one book about computer science/programming, what would it be?
Can I study from just my institution’s books for Class 11, Narayana?
Which books should I prefer for metric spaces and complex analysis?
What books should one refer to for the MS exam in IIT Kharagpur (CSE)? It has Discrete Maths, digital logic and programming
What are the best books on Aryans?
What is the best book for the JEE for heat and thermodynamics?
What are some of the best self-help books for a 22-year-old guy?
Which is a great book about couple's communication?
How do you retain the best takeaways from your favourite books? Are there any hacks for doing so?
Which 10-20 nonfiction books should one read to become a truly educated person?
Which are the must-read books on hacking?
How can I purchase a collection of books within several genres cheaply and have them shipped to Nigeria?
How can people get the most out of the self-help books they read?
Is there any difference in the RD Sharma class 11 book for ISC and CBSE?
Which Indian novels and books have got an international recognition and are actually interesting to read?
Which Mathematics books do MIT/Stanford undergraduates use for Mathematics major?
What books are needed for NEET medical?
Should I self-study German with an app or with a grammar book?
What are some of the best fiction books of all time?
What are the best books for CLAT prep?
Which books has a similar heroine like Susannah Simon (The Mediator)?
What is the best math storybook for a 6-year-old kid?
What can I do if I am interested in selling books?
Do we have some website or book to learn hacking?
Which book should I buy for algebra? I have completed Cengage algebra and I'm looking forward to good and challenging problems.
What are the best books for civil engineering in order to crack the GATE for ESE?
What do we already know about "thoughts"? What field of science studies them? What are some book suggestions?
Which is the best book to refer for KMAT and PGCET for MBA?
How should I start if I want to build my own (private) library?
What are some great books related to ecology and the environment?
How often does Gordon Miller read books?
Can you suggest some good books on Lord Shiva?
What is the best reference book for class 9?
Which books are recommended for the ADC preliminary exam?
Which book is best on Indian Polity, which covers knowledge from basic to last?
Which book is best for the preparation of the BHU B.Sc. Maths level?
What is the most advanced sacred book in terms of approaching a meaningful understanding of ethics and the deep nature of reality?
Which are the interesting books for beginners?
What are the names of some good books for IES preparation?
What are the books that are the must reads for a first-time startup founder?
What is the best & favourite book you have read?
Which reference book is best for class 9th to become a topper?
What are the mathematics books to be followed to get strong in basics and fundamentals for Gate?
Which one is the best C programming book for the intermediate level?
What are some good nonfiction books (science-related preferable)?
How do I fill out an industrial training log book?
What are the best books which influenced your life and will recommend to your readers?
What are some of the best short books (i.e. less than 250 pages)?
Which books or sites should I refer to to increase my knowledge about Number Theory (I know the basics)?
What are some good books with romance an adult in their early 20's would enjoy?
Which are the most appropriate books/materials for the sociology optional?
Which is the best book for the IIT JEE 2019 physics and mathematics theory parts?
Which is the best book for an Indian Navy tradesman?
What topics do Leonard Susskind’s The Theoretical Minimum and his book Classical Mechanics cover? What's the difference between the two books?
Which books youth of India is reading as of 2017?
What is the shortest time you finished reading a computer science related book like reading it as a novel, and grasped the concepts?
What should I do if my university bills me for books I didn’t take?
What are the best books for practicing PCM for JEE Mains and Advanced from basic to hard problems?
How can I find books related to my passion?
What are the best inspiration and public speaking books to read?
What are the best leftist books you came across?
What is the best book of maths for IIT preparation?
What books should a business-minded person read?
What is the best book introducing the basics of biostatistics and concepts like distributions, hypothesis testing and the like?
Which books are good for me to read during my free time (fantasy is my choice)?
What (non best seller) books influenced you the most and why?
Which book is best for concept clearing in Maths for BITSAT?
What are the best books for cracking Gate ECE and CAT?
What is the most important book of the 21st century?
What are books that teach on how to make money?
What are the best books about discipline?
Is a reference book necessary for class 10 CBSE (2018 batch)?
Can somebody help me to find a book which will help me know about phrases like'honey trape'?
What is the best book for essay writing in UPSC Mains? I am doing self study.
What are some of the best lines ever written in any novel?
Do I need to read the first 13 books before starting with '14th Deadly Sin' by James Patterson?
Which is best book for mathematics class 10 CBSE?
What books would you recommend someone who wants to learn the philosophy in Hinduism?
I'm considering taking a PhD in neurochemisty, which books I need to read to get into the subject?
Is there any book to understand framing of conversation or arguments to our favor?
Are there any good books which discuss the transitions in health and social care?
Is there a basic, unbiased book on economics you recommend?
Do you have any book suggestions similar to The Mortal Instruments?
What are the best Finance and stock books for a 17y old?
Can you give me some links to objective books on physics, chemistry and biology for NEET preparation?
What are some good books on business ideation, innovation and creativity?
What kind of book would you like to read on your leisure time?
What books would you suggest for a student of PCB aiming for the AIIMS and currently promoted in class 11 CBSE?
Can I really live out my fantasies like I've read about in fiction novels and seen in pornographic films?
What is the best book for a beginner to learn Java in 2017? Will the older books like “Head First Java” help in learning the latest version of Java?
What books would you recommend for an "Intermediate" student of business?
What is the best physics book for IGCSE 2017 in May/June?
Except for ficseek.com, what site is recommended for searching for free books?
What is the best guide book for CBSE for science?
Which of Norman Lewis’ publications is better, Goyal or Penguin India?
I'm researching on Mata Hari's tactics as a spy. What books and references can you recommend?
Which is the best reference book for CSE branch?
What are the must-read texts in Philosopy of Language?
What are the best reference books for CA-IPC Group 2?
Which book of Physics is best for the preparation of JEE Advanced?
Are there any serious scientific websites / books I may read about veganism?
Can you name an appropriate book for practising wavy curves and modulus?
What is the best reasoning book for SSC bank exam etc.?
Which book is best for Urdu poetry?
How do I learn C network programming? Is there a book I can study?
Which are the books to read or online courses to do if I want to invest in the stock market (I'm a noob)?
If you could own or read only one book about CS or programming, what would it be?
What are the best academic books on finance?
Is Neeraj a good book for an M.Com?
Which is the best book to study chemistry from?
How can I be an IAS officer, and what are the best books for preparation?
Which book should I prefer for BITSAT maths, RD Sharma or A Das Gupta?
What class is good for NET mathematics preparation? Or how can I pass the exam by studying by myself? What are the best books?
In today’s busy life, when do you read books?
Which is the best book to learn about calculus which is required to start learning quantum mechanics?
How good are books like E. Balagurusamy’s to actually prepare you for the real world?
How useful will it be to read the book of Einstein 'The World as I See It'?
What are the names of some good mystery novels?
Which book is better for RIE CEE?
What would you like to know about China? If it were in book form, what would the title be?
Why do people count the books they've read (as in a book challenge)? Why does that number matter?
Are side books important for class 11th?
What are some good books about Camelot that can be read as myths (like the Odyssey)?
Which are best Urdu and Hindi shayari books and writers I should read?
Is anyone interested in vintage books, circa 1850 - 1950? Various topics: gardening, jazz, embroidery, religion, poetry, novels.
Which is the best reference book for chemistry for the NCERT board and NEET too?
Which is the best book for cell biology and genetics for a bachelor’s course?
What is the best book, CA IPCC Costing and FM, or is Paduka better?
What is the best picture book for children learning to read?
What is the scope of books like Harry Potter in India? Do you think Indian readers will accept this type of book if it is written by an Indian author?
Does reading books impact our psychology? Why do negative books impact us negatively and positive books impact us positively?
What are the best novels for a college student in fiction?
Which books do you recommend 20-year-olds to read before they reach 30?
Which books should one refer to for the CAT’s grammar and vocabulary sections?
What are some of the best teen fiction novels?
Do you buy (non-fiction) books or visit a bookstore?
What are some great Indian historical books (or novels)?
How many books besides the new book "Wake Up American" tells of a Hillary Clinton presidency if she were elected?
Which book should be preferred for physics to understand NCERT?
Punjabi is my mother tongue. Has anyone taken Punjabi as a compulsory language exam in the UPSC? What is it like, and which books should I study?
What book could be used for the statistical probability part in the actuary entrance exam (ACET)?
What's the latest book for PHP which involves the latest features and techniques for an intermediate developer?
Is the book Design of Transmission Systems by Jayakumar good to refer to for actual design practices or only for exams?
What books are good to read to understand how derivative securities work under-the-hood?
How is energy transformed? Is there any book that explains this?
What topics are best illustrated in the various books of JEE? How do I prepare from these books?
What’s the best book on the comparative history/evolution of self-confidence levels of ethnic groups from caveman days to now?
What are some of the greatest business books Gordon Miller can recommend for me to read?
What are some great books, in PDF format, for the international mathematics Olympiad?
What's a really good book?
Resonance DLPD modules vs Arihant books for JEE which one is better?
Which book is the best for current affairs for the CDS exam?
Which book is the most reliable for the JEE Advanced level physical chemistry theory?
What are the required reference books for UPSC CSE Mains preparation?
Which famous or popular books do you hate? Why?
Which book should I prefer for the 8th board and SOF Olympiads?
We all know that H. C. Verma is the best in the case of physics. Likewise, what is the best best book in chemistry for cracking the NEET?
Which is the best book to understand the trading process of the stock market, provided I have sufficient commercial background?
What is the book about the war that is run by computers?
What is the best book of reasoning for recent banking exams?
What is the best speaking English book?
Is it worth buying the RxSwift book?
Which book should I refer to in order to crack the Karnataka State Psi exam?
How do I prepare for KVPY SX maths exam? Which topics should be done from which books?
Which book contains the story of King David?
How do I develop a deeper understanding of the stock market, and basically the secondary market? Please suggest ways to learn more or the names of some good books on finance and economics, etc.?
What is the “politics of becoming” that William Connolly mentions in his book "Why I Am Not a Secularist"?
Indian history textbooks lack a lot of true Indian history; what could be the alternative rich reading sources for students from grades 6 to 12?
Which book best explains about energy in physics?
What are the books to be preferred to become a top tax auditor?
Can I teach myself with books?
What books are best in 11 and 12 for cracking the JEE?
What kinds of books would you recommend for an English learner?
What are the top 10 novels every reader should read?
What are some good books about physics and science for a starter?
What is the best PTE Academic book for preparation?
What are some books that people interested in NLP must read?
What is the best book from which to learn advanced C++ and get familiar with Java Native Interface (JNI)?
Is there any 80s or earlier science book (not science fiction) which 'predicted' that video calling would one day become an everyday phenomenon?
Which do you think are the top 5 must read books?
Which are some good books for the bank SO exam?
Which is the best book for a person who is willing to go for marketing as a carrier?
Who writes blogs on Quora about history, books, anthropology, myth, Christian history, geography, or travel?
What are some good books on the history of the nationalist movement in Indochina?
What are the best Gujarati classic fiction books?
What are some books that romanticize mental illness?
Is CA Aaditya Jain good for SFM from an exam point of view, or is he just good for gaining financial knowledge?
Which books and websites do you suggest for studying for the Facebook data engineer interview?
Which book provides tier 2 maths question bank for SSC CGL?
Which is the most basic book available on quantum mechanics?
Which are the best books for young entrepreneurs?
What ancient Indian books (The Nighantus and other books) are there regarding plants in and out of Ayurveda?
What books can I read for self improvement and thinking?
How can I prepare for MAH-MCA-CET with just self-study? What book can I use?
What are some good books (in English) to read to understand the social issues in rural Taiwan?
Where can I get solutions to concept application exercises of Cengage books?
Which book to prefer for costing in Ca final?
What are the books to read if we want to discover the truth about India's independence, the freedom fighters involved and their true characters.?
Should I stop using my PC so much and start reading more books as a teenager?
Which is better: Pritesh Singh’s or Rajamahendran’s surgery book?
What are some modern book adaptations of Shakespeare's Othello?
What are some good books that explain software development process?
Is SL Arora Physics a good book for RBSE Class 12?
What themes in fiction do people want to read about today?
What are some good graduate-level mathematics books up to the pro level?
Which maths book is best for class 9?
Which books are best for the UPSC Mains for mathematics 1 and 2?
Which books or sites should I refer to for studying the basics of XML?
What are the five best books on diets and healthy lifestyle?
What are the best ways for introverts to promote books they've authored?
Where can I find books that will teach me how to hack?
Is there any book on biological terms etymology?
What is the best book you suggest to learn about viruses for someone with very little background in biology?
What are the books that proffesional Android developer should read?
Are you a part of the book whistling silence?
What are the top book recommendations on learning about various business industries?
Is there a book about physics that is accessible and easy to read for an adult?
What are the best books to learn about Business English?
What kind of book should I read as a freshman recruiter? Or, what things should I learn deeper, so I could be a master in interviews?
Which is the best book to enhance English speaking skills?
What is the best book about wealth management for beginners?
In what order should I read Pushkin, Turgenev, Gogol, Dostoevsky, and Tolstoy?
What is a good book for engineering mathematics for GATE prep?
What is the best book on calculus that teaches us the calculus required to understand quantum mechanics?
What are the best books for learning about good practices and principles when developing a Node.js application, that are relevant in 2017?
What is the reference maths book for gate EE?
What is the best model-posing reference book (or how-to-pose-a-model-in-fashion book)?
Which are some good books for GST?
Which books are good to learn 'யாப்பிலக்கணம்' (Yappu Ilakkanam)?
What are some books on organic gardening?
Which book do you love the best?
Which books do students at top medical colleges read in the first year?
How should I learn aptitude and reasoning from zero level at home with the help of the Internet and books?
Can you suggest books or other resources which explain why people don't expect or think about contingencies/failure?
Are there any books only about Russian noun declension?
Which books do I need to refer to, for the Vizag Steel management trainee exam for metallurgical engineering?
Is there a book which has the history and derivations of dimensionless numbers?
Which are the best books to prepare for the TISSNET 2018?
Which is the best book for IPCC law and taxation having lots of questions for practice?
What are the best self-study books for cracking the CAT 2017? I am a CA and will be taking the CAT for the first time. I have not touched Math since class X.
Are there any essential books for scoring higher marks in mathematics for the CDS exam?
What sci-fi books have non-human main characters?
Which mathematics book should I read for IIT?
What books should I gift my 12 year nephew to build up his reading habits? He is from London.
Are there any short textbooks on molecular and cellular biology?
As a MBA student, how can one learn apart from books?
What are some famous French books?
What books are you currently reading to your kids?
What are some good books?
Which books do I need to refer to for the Vizag Steel management trainee exam for mechanical engineering?
What is best book for Lebesgue integration?
Which are the best books for studying the basics of electricity and electronics for an individual with a mechanical engineering background?
Are there any good books similar to ASOIAF and The Witcher Saga?
To what extent do 21st Century discoveries about Ancient Rome affect the credibility of history books published in the 20th Century?
I'm close to finish reading calculus by stewart. So what books should read next?
Which is the best book for physiology in the 1st year of an MBBS?
What is the best way to publicize my non-fiction book? How do I find reputable publicists? What is a typical budget?
Which book is best for Madhya Pradesh general knowledge?
Which are the best books for deep preparation of the GATE 2018 for civil engineering?
What are some books to comprehend GST for a beginner?
What are the list of best books for digital logic design?
What are some must-read books that are recommended, from all the genres?
What books are to be studied for the APPSC Group 1 exam?
Where in Lahore can I sell my O and A level books for a good price?
Which book should I recommend for the preparation of GATE (mechanical)?
What are the prescribed books for GRE preparation at present?
What is the summary of a book named Dingoes at Dinnertime?
What are some books having good calculus questions from the basic to the advanced level?
Which financial management books should I refer to? I am a science student, so I need to start from scratch.
What are some good books on Renaissance art history discussed in the context of the socio-political change?
What is the most life changing book you've ever read?
What are the standard text books for environmental engineering?
What are the best textbooks that will help me prepare very well for the GRE physics exam’s different parts?
Is there any book that introduces Japan's biological warfare?
Which are the best novels for motivation and inspiration?
What are the good books to study the European history?
What is the best book about Python for beginners?
What guide book is best for the 12th history course?
Are Jaipur FIITJEE coaching chemistry packages enough for class 11 & 12, or do I need any other book? Which book should I refer to if needed?
Which is a good book in Chemistry for theory for JEE Mains and Advanced?
Which books are required to qualify for BBAU?
What are some suggestions for any good book or website to learn back-end programming?
What is a good book on what our modern world is made of? One that has a general overview of what makes up our buildings, cars, electronic devices, etc
What are your criticisms of Charles Dickens' books?
Does The Magic book really help to motivate?
What books are good if you are appearing for the railway service competitive exam?
What is a detailed summary of the book Barnabus Mudpatch by Steve Moran?
Which book should I follow on quantum physics for my graduation?
What are the best Hungarian textbooks for foreigners?
Are there any more sites where I can read free books without paying money to become a member?
Should I buy the biography book of Steve Jobs that was written by Walter Isaacson?
Which is the best book to understand the research methods and statistics?
Are there any solutions provided for the book Mathematical Circles: (Russian Experience)?
Which Peter Winkler book should I buy, Mathematical Puzzles or Mathematical Mind Benders, if I must buy just one?
What is a classy book in statics and dynamics for conceptual need? What are your suggestions for an undergraduate guy (hons. Mathematics)?
Which book is useful to study for the class 10 CBSE exam in 2017-2018?
What are some great books/novels on philosophy (non romantic or preachy) in Punjabi literature?
What are some novels which can change my life to understand what I should do?
Which economy book to reference for the UPSC exam, the one by Ramesh Singh or by the late Sanjeev Verma (updated)?
What is the best book on Palestinian politics (not on the conflict but rather the history and contemporary politics of the PLO, Fatah, and Hamas?)
Which books should I read if I want to develop an app and I am not a computer programmer?
Where can I buy the Condor Heroes book trilogy by Jin Yong/Louis Cha in English?
Which electrical book is used in IIT colleges?
What are the best ways to support an author besides buying their books?
Which books should I refer to clear the overseas registration exam (ORE) in the UK?
What types of books should a 9th class student read for IIT?
Which book is the best for self-study of CCNP routing and switching?
What is a good non-fiction book recommendation for vacation reading?
Which are some of the best books for Combined Medical Services examination?
Is it necessary to prepare from all three books, i.e. the study material, the guide books and the NCERT books, for the UP provincial civil services?
What books do you consider must be read in their original language?
What are the best objective books for medical preparation?
What are good books for becoming a good lawyer?
What are some recommended books for Kas maths?
Which book should I give my teen siblings to get them interested in learning? Recommend any book: science, history, maths, literature, etc.
What are the top most inspirational books?
Which books should we take for PCM in 11?
Is there a book that covers every fundamental theorem of mathematics?
Is Pradeep's Fundamental Physics good for AIIMS and NEET preparation?
Are there any books or websites related to how to start an Internet-based startup which also discuss legal/permit/accounting issues?
What are the best books for knew about Indian history?
What book would you recommend to read on a trek to Himalayas?
What are some good books on philosophy for someone who plans on majoring in philosophy?
What's a good book for self-study for pure mathematics?
What is the best book you would recommend to a friend to read?
If there is one book that you have read and would recommend that everybody should read it, what would it be?
Where can one find the latest collection of e-books?
What are the best books/websites for learning physics according to you?
Are there any courses/proper books for learning Julia and Data Science simultaneously from scratch?
Can you recommend some good fiction books with the action taking place in Miami?
What are some recent science-based relationship books that you like?
Which are some good books for CBSE 11th and 12th accountancy and economics?
What are considered some must read books at any venture capitalist firm?
What was your favorite book and why?
Can you suggest few English novels that portray psycho-sexual disorders?
How can I find this book, "Kaplan and Manner: Culture Theory"?
Which are the best 5 English novels for children?
What is a book/material about the philosophy of software testing?
Which book is better, Arihant all-in-one or Arihant chapter-wise solutions for physics and chemistry for 12th class?
Is Jawaharlal Nehru an overrated author?
Where and how can I study intermediate level XSS?
Why are Audible books more expensive than physical books or online book purchases?
How can a UPSC aspirant exhaustively prepare the for the Mains syllabus for the GS Paper II? Are there any standard books like Laxmikant?
What are the best calculus books to have fun with for 12th pass students?
What are the best books on project management in a scientific/engineering context?
Which books should I read to improve statistics?
Which books are best for HTML?
What are the books that can be referred to, while studying European history?
Which book is best about a spy?
Why do engineering students score more when they study from reference books as compared to those who studies from simple printed notes?
What are some wedding readings from novels?
What are the standard books to follow for gate mechanical?
What is the best book/material for learning javavscript?
Can you recommend a book on Indian history (7th to 14th century)?
Are there different writers of NCERT books? If yes, then who is the best writer?
What are good books or informational resources for men in their 50s considering having a second child?
What are the latest recommended world history books?
What are the most compelling arguments posed against Daniel Quinn's philosophy as it is presented in Ishmael?
What are the best books/study aids to help interlink with medical subjects?
What is best book for IIT preparation for 6 class?
Which is the best book to learn Java Scripting from scratch?
What book do you really want to read, but haven't gotten around to it?
What's a good way to teach your teenage son how to be a respectful and good lover? (Porn is generally awful and he has read all of the birds and bees books.)
What math books can help a gifted young elementary student cultivate a love for mathematics?
Do you read many books?
Which books are best for IIT-JEE preparation to score 300 or more?
Is there a book with a similar character like Caroline Forbes?
What are the latest history books you can recommend?
Which books should I prepare for basic electronics?
How can you read Harry Potter books without paying a penny?
What is the best book to learn music theory for a mathematician?
Did you read the novel “The Fantasist?” What do you think about it?
What are the top CGL entrance exam books?
Which is the best book for numericals in physics for the IIT-JEE? I already have Irodov.
What is the best, simplest book to read to learn everything about tensors from scratch?
What is a great book which will give me an overview of the most significant trends in IT?
What books does Warren Buffet like to read? Does he have a reading list?
What is the best book for the ABC’s of English grammar?
What booking system does Everwise use?
Is there any book that can help me master quantum mechanics? (I am in the 9th grade.)
Can I use my Marx horse collection in my story book and can I use their name?
As a beginner, where should I start with artificial intelligence? What books would you suggest? Any experience will be appreciated.
What books do you recommend for me?
What books should I prepare for the Veda IIT entrance test, & how do I prepare?
Which books should I read to improve my knowledge of Indian constitution?
What are good Vedic books that I can learn manners and etiquette from?
Which is the best book to understand the same words used as different parts of speech?
Where can I find dark mystery gothic adventurous and sinister novels and books set in the British Raj?
Which books should I read to know ​the mindset of people as they grow?
Can you suggest me some spiritual Indian books?
Does reading more books make you more confused and anxious?
Within how many days can I finish Word Power Made Easy by Norman Lewis?
What is the best accounting book?
Which books are best for IIT?
What books should I read for the NEET PG?
What books does Oliver Tate give Jordana in Submarine (2010)?
What are the books BA Physics at Oxford study during their 3 years of study?
What are the best books on African countries post-colonialism?
What reference books are suitable for students studying nursing?
What must-read books would you recommend?
What books are on teenagers’ 2017 summer reading lists?
What are the best books or links for preparing for the Financial Management section of the BOI credit officer exam? What are your suggestions?
What are the seminal works in human resource management?
What is the syllabus for organic chemistry for IIT JAM and which reference books are to be followed?
Which book should I choose for basic maths?
What are some good books for welding fixture design?
What is the best book(s) on virology or virus?
What is the most interesting biography, autobiography or a memoir you have read in recent times?
What is the software from which Facebook is programmed?
What is the most informational book you have ever read?
Which books to study for programming data structures 2?
When will the book The Exile of Mukunda be released?
Which is the standard book for Mathematics section for GATE CSE?
Are there any 14 - 16 year old Quorans whose answers are worth reading?
Where can I get an errorless physics book for free?
What is the best solution to begin reading books without getting bored?
As a dropper for IIT what is the best set of books to stick to?
What are the best books for CAT preparation for both logical reasoning and the verbal section?
How many of you think that the making of Bahubali will be highly informative and a text book for visual media and VFX students and be released soon?
Which books may be a good reference for general awareness and general knowledge for Delhi SI exam?
When will a new edition of Universal Self Scorer come?
Is there any good book for the answer to the relationship between law and morality?
How can I summarize the book I read in a short period?
How do I score good marks in the Diploma CET exam? Which books should I read, and what tricks should be used in writing the exam?
What is the best book to learn TensorFlow?
What are some children's books that aid their introduction/learning to/of philosophy?
What are some books and websites with analogies or metaphors for mathematical concepts and formulas?
What books and resources would you recommend to learn designing and building APIs with Nodejs?
How do I choose the perfect resource for JEE preparation, since there are a variety of good books to choose from?
Which books should an electrical engineer read to get at par with BS physics?
Which books should I refer for concept clarity for accounts 1 IPCC?
Who wrote book Unhappy India?
Are there any study materials that combines all of the topic-wise NCERT books into one?
Why are books interisting?
What is the best book about Warren Buffett in Hindi?
What is the best book or site to learn GK for XAT 2017?
Which is the best book on quantum mechanics for begginers having no background in calcalus?
Which is the best book IIT JEE match?
Which is the best guide or reference book for 10th class, according to the CBSE pattern of 2017 (besides NCERT)?
What are the best books on moving on from a relationship that never started?
What do you think of the book Lawrence of Arabia?
Can anyone recommend a novel to me? It must be the best that you've ever read and can help me build an interest in reading.
What type of books should 21Years men read?
Which maths concepts book is best for IIT levels?
Which book best explains about physics of energy and it's transformation?
Which books can help me to get into IBA Karachi?
How do I prepare mechanics for GATE 2018? Which book should I follow?
What's the creepiest book you have ever read? Was it The Consumer?
What is the best self improvement book to read this weekend?
What are the best proportions of white space to use in book design?
What are some good books to learn Indian history?
Where can I get good book reviews?
How can I read a lot of books and learn from them, absorb all the information from them, and eat the material from them?
Which book should I reference to prepare for MT metallurgy at Vizag steel plant?
When preparing for the GATE exam in electronics, which book should I prefer?
What is the SOPEP book?
Is there a real substance that, if injected, can kill a person immediately like in fiction books or action movies?
What are the references/books for learning the Kotlin language?
What have you learned from a book?
What books do you recommend to start reading on Chomsky? Which ones are his best books?
What do you think about readers who add meaning (criticism) to book?
What will be the best book for class 12 math for JEE?
What are the best and the toughest books for IITJEE Math?
What are the best non-fiction books of all time and why?
Which are the best anthropology books for UPSC preparation?
Which books are best for details of finance and investment, especially for students of IIM Ahemdabad?
I just made the mistake of telling my main character of my book about his role in said book, and he asked me to leave him out of it. What do I do?
What is the only book I have to read in order to realize my dream of becoming wealthy?
Which are the best books for deep preparation for the 2019 GATE for civil engineering?
What kind of book should I read to be an expert in interviewing candidates?
What was your good or bad experience with Just Books, Bangalore (any branch)?
Which is the best objective book of maths for JEE?
Where can I get links for downloading ICSE recommended books?
Which order should I read Lacan?
What are the best reading books one should never miss in everyone's life?
Is there a medical book that explains pathologies as a novel or as a fictitious story?
Are there any books or articles that discusses Abu Bakar Naji's "Management of Savagery" comprehensively?
Which books are best for clearing JEE?
Which are your favorite love stories by Catherine Cookson?
Would a book labeled as alternative fiction put you off buying it?
Have you read the book Unscripted: Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Entrepreneurship by MJ DeMarco?
What does this Publius Syrus quote mean, “Divide the fire and you will sooner put it out”?
What are the best books of SaaS product marketing?
What are some of the books, videos and articles which will be helpful in preparing for MUNs?
Is a good understanding of second order optimization algorithms necessary to understand deep learning?
What anime series are similar to Malazan Book of the Fallen?
What are the best books for energy audits?
Which book is better for JEE chemistry, Modern’s ABC or the MTG books?
Which book is best for the SSC JE Electronics?
What is the best seller book of all time?
What are the authentic books of the IPC and CrPC for the department exam?
How can I get useful English history articles and books in electronic edition?
Should I use only NCERT books for my class 10 annual exam? If no, then name that reference book?
What are the best MCQ books for AIPGMEE?
Can you write a brief book review to summarize your favorite book?
What is a must-read book for understanding the money cycle, its history, and how it works?
What is the content of Judas Book?
Which book would widen one’s worldview?
What are some good books or sites to begin stock trading?
What are the best books a person starting logo/identity design should read?
Which reference book is the best for WBJEE and JEE Main (math, physics, and chemistry) preparation?
Which book is best to master organic reaction?
Which book should I read for The Mahabharata?
What books are based on history of India?
How do I use mind mapping when I read a book since CV I wants to do that?
What are some books on comparative mythology?
What does it mean if you choose a book to read and you don't remember what you read?
Do students outside India refer to Indian books for math and science?
Which books should be studied for NSEJS?
What are good books on the Kapampangan people of the Philippines?
If the skills are learned from the net or books, how does a recruiter judge without the certificate?
What are the best reference books for commerce with maths in CBSE board? Both 11th and 12th.
What are some books that intelligent individuals read?
What are the best books for IBPS PO preparation for the current syllabus and exam pattern?
Which spoken English book is the best?
Which books would Gordon Miller recommend for financial success?
What are the best books for AAT after JEE advanced?
How were people in the past learn languages without any books or documents?
Where should I study for CPT, from the modules or from the J.K. Shah Classes book? How should I study economics?
What are some great books to read during college?
Is current booking available in all trains?
What is a recommended introductory book on educational testing for newbies with no background in either advanced math or statistics?
What books would gordon miller advice to read for business literacy?
Is there any book for current affairs in the question and answer format for SSC CGL 2017?
Do you know of any books where the main character becomes bad?
Which is the best book that explains about light and heat energy in depth?
Which book should I buy for CAT preparation?
How do I create an interest in non-fiction books?
Why are books written on the partition of India by Punjabis given more importance than books written by Bengali authors on the partition of Bengal?
What are the top 3 best books you have read?
Which is the best book on fluid mechanics for BARC interview preparation for chemical engineering?
What book should I use for CA final auditing? I prefer a book which has elaborate explanations and should not be in Q&A format.
What are some of the best novels that everyone should read once in their lifetime?
I'm a fan of Dan Brown and have also read books from Elif Shafak. Which book should I take up next?
What are some great books to read to figure out what I wanna do in life and how to succeed at that?
What is the best book to help and lead USA immigrants to a successful path?
What is the best math model book about the El Farol bar problem?
What's the most wonderful book you've ever read?
What are some good Islamic apologetic books?
If Quorans were like books, what books would they be?
Do you ever step back and realize that reading is essentially blobs of ink on paper but that we can take so much meaning from books and other texts?
Are there any good modern control books that have examples or a solution manual?
Which books should I use for preparation of NEET 2019?
What are some good books to learn about the Indian Armed Forces in detail?
What is the best book to prepare for 3-D geometry for the JEE?
What is a good book for a new entry in the Python world?
What can you tell us about your book?
Which books are great to read to help me reach success?
Which is the best Hindi (easy language) book for 2nd class or 1st class mining posts?
What book is the best to use to crack the ESE exam?
Which is the best book of DISCRETE Mathematics (CSE) for preparing GATE CSE?
What are the 5 books that have inspired Warren Buffett?
What security resources (books, blogs, courses, etc.) would you recommend?
Which reference books are best for informatics practices in class 11?
Is it ok to study only the "Concepts of Physics" by HC Verma and not the NCERT book for class 12 board and AIPMT entrance?
What are the best books on clean code, data structure, & algorithms? And what is the best way to improve my logic?
What are the best books for Java programming and Python? Is there a book that features everything, from beginner to advanced?
What are some of the books and videos I can refer to learn hacking? How much time does it take do so?
Is there any book that narrates the emotions of a person who sabotaged his own relationship, life?
Are there any technical books on artificial intelligence?
What are the best books or links for preparing for the financial management section of the BOI credit officer exam?
What are the best books for theory for the NSEJS for class 9 and class 10?
What reference books are best for IIT JEE preparation?
What is the math book for the CAT?
How accurate is the science in Stephen Baxter's book, The Time Ships?
What are some books that I can get for more knowledge in class 11 for an arts stream?
Which For Dummies book is best for advice on writing fiction?
What are some of the shortest popular light novels that were ever written?
Which NCERT books are important for the UPSC prelim?
What are some of the best books for every woman who just started her career?
Which book you should be preferred for CA final auditing?
Do teenagers have to read the world classics books in high school in your country? Which ones are "must-read"?
What is the best book to study Java?
Which non-academic fiction books would Awdhesh Singh suggest that are related to bureaucracy?
For the NEET 2018, which book should I study for biology, Aakash modules or the ALLEN DLP book after the NCERT?
Why do some people read a lot of books? How is that such an interesting hobby?
Which book should I study for aptitude exams?
What is the best book about ancient civilizations?
What are some of the best books/materials that can help me understand girls better?
Which are the best books to prepare for SNAP?
What books will be most useful to take with me to a CS professional open book exam (banking law and practice)?
What book should I read to know about motorcycles and automobiles?
What are the best novels I can read on my free time?
What are some good books to read for a highschool philosophy club?
What are some good books for Jews history and mythology?
Is there any book which contains real time incidents of great people which changed their prospective?
What are some great books or websites about nutrition and weight loss?
What is the number one book to use as a guide to success?
It is necessary to buy new books for preparing for the JEE Mains and Advanced?
What are the best books for geography as optional in IAS?
Do you read entire legal books in law school?
What is a good book, pre-1900s, to compare to The Road by Cormac McCarthy?
What are some good books to learn accounting and Indian laws for businesses and about Indian taxes?
Which books have you read more than 2 times?
Which book is good for physical chemistry for the JEE (topics like ionic eq. and thermodynamics)?
What is a good book for statistics for the data science people?
What are the names of a few good books for the IIT JAM in biological science?
What is your tween reading right now?
Which are the recent good novels I can refer?
Which is the best book on philosophy for a beginner?
Which books should one read to improve English communication?
Which books should I prefer for BEL computer science?
What is a good objective book for chemistry for NEET?
Which is the best book to clear the concept of mathematics for SSC CGL, RD Sharma or NCERT?
How do I read a lot of books with no time?
What are the best books for numerical analysis and linear programming?
What is the top must-read Islamic book?
I'm currently enrolled in a masters program of philosophy and would like to work on my logic skills. What activities/books would you suggest?
How do I know what is considered as dharma? Is there a specific book?
Which is the best online website or book for learning RTOS?
Which book should be used for the class 5 Olympiad?
What is the best book that can have an impact on our lives?
What book is needed for the CBSE applied art for class 12 (code 052)? Is there an NCERT book?
What chapters should be covered in the linear programming for mathematics optional from the Krishna series of books?
What are the 5 five books that everyone who is new to reading novels should read?
What are some good books on logical reasoning?
What are the best books for mathematics for class 12 students?
What is the best book to test Python skills for beginners?
What are the very interesting novels based on history in Tamil?
Which books are good to learn Visual Basic Application?
What should a good econometrician be reading every week?
What are some good books, blogs, podcasts, or material to read if I want to learn the art of building a business in the automotive industry?
What are books that will make you see math in different perspective?
What are some of the books for GRE preparation?
What are the best romance books that would make you cry?
What are the most misogynistic books?
What are your favorite humorous passages from a self-help or how-to book?
Which is the best reference book for Robotics and mechatronics for ESE preparation?
What is the best book for theory of physics for JEE Mains and advanced?
What are some books that talk about the hard truth about life?
Which books should I read to know more about the teachings of Swami Vivekananda?
What is the basic information required to understand quantum mechanics? Is there a book that teaches it?
What are some books for an entrance exam on virology?
Could you recommend some books about rehabilitation?
What is the book’s name in the movie “MANAM” when Nagarjuna met with Samantha at the book shop?
What books on bipolar disorder have you found to be the best? I loved "An Unquiet Mind" by Kay Jamison and recommend it.
What are the best books on problem-solving in industries?
What are the business books to study if you can’t afford college?
What books would you suggest for a beginner like me?
Can you recommend some books about teaching English?
How does reading help me?
Which is the best book for the basic knowledge of stock market and IPO?
What are some good behavioural science books?
How do I prepare for the KVPY SX exam? What books should I follow? Should I take the mocks for the same?
Is it possible to win IBO by just reading biology books/watching videos without formal classes? If yes, what book and videos would you/they recommend?
What are some good books that are basically autobiographies/biographies of successful marriages?
What is the first novel that got you interested in fiction?
What are the different text features in a book?
Which is the best book for the previous year’s solved papers of the GATE mechanical?
What are some effective books on how to control and rule people?
Which books should I read to prepare for the International Biology Olympiad?
What is the best book on Data Science and/or Predictive Analytics for a newbie in the field?
What are some best books available on Kindle for free?
What is a synopsis of the book "How I Became Stupid” by Martin Page?
Why do people sit with a pencil while reading a book?
What are your favourite lines from books or novels you have read?
Which is the best book I should read for learning life lessons and life experiences?
Which reference books are better for class 10?
Are there any great books that speak, specifically, on how not to be passive aggressive?
What's the best book about public speaking?
Which book of economics should I prefer to solve previous years’ questions for CBSE?
Which are the best books on reasoning and financial awareness for promotional exams in banks?
Which are some books that a commerce graduate must read?
Which is best English book to practice for CDS?
Which are the best novels for inspiration and motivation?
Which book is better for physics, D. C. Pandey or H. C. Verma?
What is the smartest way for preparing for Verbal Ability in CAT?
Which books reference more short-cut principles for the CGL Tier 1 aptitudes?
Which are the most reputable and important reference books for a CNC Machinist?
Which book is more preferable for an MT mechanical post at Vizag Steel Plant?
What are some books that one should read during the second year of an economics honours course at DU?
Which books should be preferred for the first semester of a BBA?
What are some short and good law books to read?
What should teen fiction novels contain?
Which book is better for inorganic chemistry - J. D. Lee or Prabhat Kumar?
Are there any books on operational management? I am looking for effective management for an electrical factory.
What book should be read by BE education major students?
What are some of the most useful reference book you ever came across?
What are some good books that are just on the Nazi Party (NSDAP)?
Can I just start reading The Heroes of Olympus (The Lost Hero), without reading any other Percy Jackson book?
What book can one read to learn the meaning of narcissism?
Which kind of novels would you like to read and why?
What're Gordon Miller's top 5 favourite books?
What are the best medical thriller books to read?
Which is the best book for RRB?
What book should I buy for 12th physics?
Which books should I prefer for relations and functions?
What are the non-fiction books written by INTJs?
Which is the best book for securing 95% in class 12th commerce?
What is a GATE question bank book for Civil with minimum errors?
What are the best books for HVAC design? What is the software that is used in HVAC problem solving?
What are the best self-help books for beginners?
What is the best novel for a script writer to read to learn how to write a novel?
I want to start reading philosophy. Is Essays by Montaigne a good book to begin with?
What are some great children's books that adults can learn from?
Frederick Forsyth has never written about India in any of his books?
Is there any fictional and non-fictional book reading app?
What books must be read for improving financial literacy?
How can I summarize the content of the book The Little Prince?
What is the book-keeping strategy in math or algorithm context?
Which book in manufacturing should I use for the preparation of GATE?
Sometimes a book can be a "cure", is there any book that effectively solved some problem in your life?
Is there any good book to understand syntactic procedure for deriving semantic consequences?
Which book should I prefer for solving inequations for the JEE?
Do I have to buy books in the 1st semester at SRM KKR campus or do they provide all of the books?
Can I read Nancy Drew books for free?
What is the base for civil engineering code? Is that practically examined?
How can I learn faster and read a good book?
Is there any book that only contains sketching exercises?
What is the best book for a UP police computer operator?
Do you provide a guest book at your vacation rental? What are some more interesting ideas that aren't just a standard book?
How is energy absorbed by an atom? Is there a book/course which explains this whole concept?
Which physics theory book should I follow in order to solve IE Irodov?
Is reading the Lars Kepler books in order necessary?
For which book I should go for the preparation of Architecture aptitude test?
What is a good book about how to design maintainable programs and all the answers around why should I do one thing over another while programming?
What are the best books to learn about stock market in India?
What are some books that can help you in the future?
What book would you recommend for a continuation course in quantum mechanics?
Which book would you suggest if it's gonna be my first book to read?
Why don't I like to read books with dialogue?
Which books should I follow for CBSE class 11 in chemistry and physics if my concepts are weak?
What are some basic books that a finance background student should read?
Which are some good books to read on the topic of public health and policy?
What books should I read that will help me learn higher-level math?
Which and how many books do I have to read to get a good hold on solar energy?
Do you read more non-fiction books, or more fiction books?
Which book can I read to get unbiased insights of Naxalism?
Which type of glass do I need to make some Prince Rupert’s Drops? Also, what are some good books about them or good internet pages?
What are your recommendations for books in the horror, suspense, and/or paranormal genres?
Which books did Agam Jain read before moving to Delhi?
Which are the best novels written in Gujarati?
Which books are good for the APPSC Group 3 Mains?
What books do you recommend to learn more about economics?
Are there any books for adults who used to be bullied/excluded as children?
Which is the best book for mathematics CBSE class 11?
Why don't I like books with dialogue?
Which are the best inspirational books to study while pursuing BBA?
What is the best Mathematics book for entrance preparation?
What are some books a 14 year old should read?
What are the standard books of mathematics and science for 9th standard?
From which book should I prepare for elementary astronomy for the National Standard Examination in astronomy (NSEA-XII)?
Which are the best standard books for preparation for the GATE for mechanical?
Which book is best for biology 12 CBSE board exams?
What are life-changing books out there with regards to becoming a financial success?
Which is the best book to study switching theory and logic design?
Which is the oldest book on parapsychology?
What are some recommendations for some good books on psychology for someone not having psychology as a major?
Which is the best JEE book for chemistry (NCERT) for 11th and 12th?
What is the best book to learn hacking for the students of grade: 9 - 10?
What are the books to be referred to for the Political Science optional subject of UPSC, and what are lectures to be watched?
What are the best reference books for professional knowledge on which we can rely fully to prepare for (IBPS) IT officer exam?
Which is the best book to learn stock marketing for begineers?
What are some appropriate alien books for a 12 y/o?
What are some good Indian fiction novels about love?
Which books should I study for NEET 2018?
What is the most comprehensive book on animals of California?
What are maths books for the JEE apart from NCERT and Exemplar? What are the best books for particular portions and what are the best complete books for the JEE (both exams)?
Which book should I refer for ITSM (IPCC)?
Do you think it's good to track books you've read?
Which are the best books to learn computer languages?
Are there any good books to help with a restaurant setup?
What books should I read to get into BUET?
Which book is best for learning SOP?
What is the best book to learn Spring?
Which is the best book for basic knowledge of stock market and IPO ?
How can I improve my English spelling and reading skills as a new learner?
Which is the best book for the JEE which explains all of the concepts in easy language, and has short trick formulas and the best numericals?
What are some of the useful magazines and interesting books on international relations that Rahul Shrivastava would recommend?
What is the best book for non-conventional energy sources from an ESE point of view?
How do I pass the IELTS, and which books would help me to do so?
Which study material can cover the general awareness part of the SSC CGL?
Which newspapers and books should I use for my GRE and CAT preparation?
What is the best reference book for bio in class 11 for AIIMS?
Which is the best book from the list below for computer science students?
What are some best biographies/autobiographies?
What books do I read to understand the OTC market?
Which book is good for DSSSB preparation?
Which book is better for biology in the class 12 boards exam?
What's a good series of science books?
What are the reference books to crack the design aptitude test for an IIT?
Which is better, reading two books or reading a book twice?
How do I read what I don't like?
Which book is better for MBBS ophthalmology, Parson or Khurana?
If you could own/read only one book about programming/CS, what would it be?
What are the basic books which are sufficient for aptitude and mental ability in competitive exams?
What is the best book for data structures through C?
What is the best novel to read as a teenager?
What is the best website or book to be updated about recent entrepreneurial trends?
What is the best book on quantum mechanics for a beginner with very little background in calculus?
What books do you recommend if I am willing to start a tech based startup?
What are the best novels and Knowledge books you would recommend for?
Am I learning C the right way? Also, what are the best resources/books to get a better insight into the system's hardware and software interaction?
What are the best known children's books in the world (written in any language)?
Which book should I refer for doing the JEE Mains and Advanced Physics?
What is the best book for learning Ionic 3?
Where can I buy a book that is out of print?
What is the best Christian book for overcoming doubt and worry?
What is a good political non-bias book for teens that want to learn about an issue?
Which books should we choose for BITS, and when should we start?
What book did Kakashi read after he killed Rin?
How is Inamdar for GPAT preparation? Is it a good book to prefer?
What are some theory books for physics & chemistry to prepare for the NEET?
What book should I use to learn hacking?
Can you suggest me some good non-fiction science books to read? I am reading Cosmos by Carl Sagan and finding it fascinating.
What are some good books for JEE Chemistry namely Organic and Inorganic?
How can we get used books online?
What are the most unmissable books?
What book should I use in preparation for the DT CA final exam?
Which is the best portal for ordering books?
What books should I read to have a deep understanding of how OTC securities are built?
Which are the good books to practice for MNC aptitude tests?
What does it mean to be following the heart, as mentioned in the book "The Alchemist"?
Has anyone here taken ASRB Mains in agriculture biotechnology? If yes, what are some important books and topics other aspirants should look to?
What type of books should I read if I am 18?
Which is the best book to prepare for logical reasoning, through self-study, for the CAT?
Which book is best for cbsce physics 12 class for numericals alone?
When is the next edition of Nishit K. Sinha's CAT books coming out for the CAT 2018?
For Flat World Knowledge books, can a solution manual be accessed when self-studying?
Which is the best book or way to understand the equivalent concept?
Which are recommended books for UPSC maths optional?
What is the revolution of the book?
Are there any good, free, science and theories related books on Kindle like the theory of relativity?
I'm a new reader but I don't know what genre I'm into. What should I read?
What are some dark sides of self-help books?
Should we study exact words as written in the book or should we study the concepts in our own words?
Where can I get famous Telugu novels or books for negligible rates?
What is the best book to learn Java for beginners?
What do you think of the book The Information: A History, A Theory, A Flood written by James Gleick?
What are some of the must read papers on Amyloidosis?
Could someone suggest me some good websites for downloading e-books or PDFs?
Which is the best book to read before becoming 20?
How do you format action novels?
How and when should I read a book of poems?
Which books are reliable for the JEE Main preparation (not necessarily for Advanced as well)?
What books should one buy for clearing GATE CS 2018?
What are the best introductory books for the category of theory?
What is the best book for start relativity?
Which one maths foreign books which helps to build up concept on IIT level?
What are some fiction books about serial killers?
What books should I read before visiting China?
How do books contribute to the success of a lawyer?
What are good clean mangas and books to read?
Where can I do the most difficult problems of the ECE subjects? What would be a list of books or sources?
Do you know any books about how to write good-quality fiction (fantasy)?
How large of a role did reading play in Gordon Miller’s path to success?
Which is the best book and way to gain the basic knowledge for an IPO in India?
What are some really good sci-fi books?
What is the best physical python books?
What is the best book or source for theories of international relations?
What are some of the best must read suspense fiction books?
What are the best movies and books set in Paris during the Belle Époque?
How do you revise bulky books?
What are the best books to increase my skills in Finance?
What are the themes of the novel "The Metamorphosis of Prime Intellect" by Roger Williams?
What is the best book for SSC CGL English preparation?
What are books, podcasts, magazines, websites, industry leaders, articles, and research within Management Consulting to gain in-depth insight?
What resources or books are sufficient or should be read for NEET preparation in Hindi?
What are the best skills I should learn?
Why don’t people and students like textbooks?
Which book is good for calculus in BITSAT?
What are some good and tough books for IIT JEE preparation?
How do I start studies in class 11 (for commerce students)? What are the best books to start studying?
Which book should I buy for the CAT exam?
Which problem books do you recommend for IPhO? Is the one of 'Igor Irodov' well enough?
What are some books that every man needs to read?
What is the best site to read a book's critiques?
What is the best book on how to teach science to children ever written?
So I have a couple of books that I have read and don't intend on reading them again, is there any website where I can sell used books in India?
What are the best photogrammetry books?
Why do I get sleepy when I read a book?
Which is a good iOS app for reading any books online?
Could anyone suggest a book to practice modulus and wavy curve forms?
Which is the best book to study physical chemistry?
How should I find out if I like computer science vs math? Can you suggest any books?
Which are best books for mechanical engineering 1st semester?
Your home is going up in flames. You can only save one book. What book do you take with you?
How often do you get books you want to read at cheaper rate in India?
What book about databases was written by C.J. Date?
What books can I read to take my life and self less seriously?
What’s a good resource for understanding relations in data structures & discrete math?
What book is currently on your reading list this week?
Which are the best books to gain insights into mechanical engineering?
What are some of the best books lines?
What are some love story novels with sad endings?
What would you like to know about India? If it came as a book form, what would be the title?
Which book should I go for understanding the basics of Psycholinguistic? (I have no background in psychology & preparing it fr PhD entrance exam)
Is there any difference between the newer edition Barron physics, chemistry, and math books and the 9th and 8th editions?
What is the best book on maths literature?
What is the book “The Secret” written about?
What is the list of books/study guides do you think is essential in order to progress from Beginner (A1) to Intermediate (B2) French?
What are good reference books for the CAPF exam?
What are some of the best books to study for the M.Sc microbiology entrance exam?
What are some books that can read in free time for maths student?
Where can I find motion study material in PDFs or secondhand books?
What will change in me if I start reading books?
Which site or book should I read to learn about exploits?
What are the new good Indian novels to read currently?
Are Cengage physics books (Advanced series) enough to crack INPHO?
Ravindra Ravula sir, could you suggest some good autobiography books that you read and felt were worthwhile? I want to keep motivated while preparing for the GATE.
Which is the best book for Oracle SCM?
Where can I sell old novels in Pune?
Is Errorless a good book to start in class 11 for the JEE Main and Advanced? What is the best book for PCM to start preparation?
How do I prepare for the JEE Main, and what are some good books for doing so?
What are some best books to study electronics engineering?
What kinds of Indian books do you like to read in terms of genre? Does India have a great fictional fantasy book?
What is a good book on western classical music for a novice ?
What are your favorite Suspense / Romantic novels of the last ten years?
Are there any books related to human psychology, specifically describing why humans behave a certain way?
What are some books regarding marketing for Beginners?
What book is valuable to read?
If you could recommend one great business/entrepreneurial book, what would it be?
Which is the best book for physics for IIT?
What are the best book publishing agencies in 2017?
What are some books with similar plots to the Graveyard Book (child raised by supernatural beings)?
Which are the best books written by Indian authors on programming language 'C'?
Which book is good for learning about Alexander the Great?
What are the best books for solving problems in Python?
What are the best books for the study of the MSC virology entrance exam?
Can I get Electronic Devices and Circuits – T.F. Bogart Jr., J.S.Beasley and G.Rico book online?
What would your personality be like if you had never read a book in your life?
Which book should I follow to clear the NSEB?
Which is the best book for the RIMC exam?
Which book should I use to prepare for the Vizag steel management trainee exam in the metallurgy stream?
What are some illustrated encyclopedia about fantasy and folklore that reads like a D&D Monster Compendium?
What is the best book for developing concepts in mathematics?
Is the book Jd Lee worth buying?
In which library in Jodhpur can I read many novels?
What are the best books to start preparing for civil services for beginners?
What are the best novels with science fiction and humor?
What's the best books to read if I am a civil engineer?
Which is the best book for theory for NSEJS class 10?
What are some good books for bridge analysis and design?
What would be good book to introduce a toddler to the Bengali language?
What are your personal top 10 dystopian books?
Which book should I refer to to make my organic chemistry knowledge strong both for the JEE Advanced and for scoring 100% in class 12?
When is Jess Walter coming out with a new book?
What are J. Krishnamurti’s famous books’ names?
Which is the best fiction novel to read with a dramatic suspense?
Which book should I prefer in physics for IIT JEE Advanced?
Should I read other books beside Computer Graphics Principle and Practice?
What are some fictional novels about the Russian mafia?
What book is a good one to study the Legendre transformation from the very beginning?
What books should I read in high school to help me get into college?
What are the books, songs, poems, biographies, PDF you think can turn me from 'I don't want anything (even if I am fully capable)" to " Yeah! I'll do it"?
Which is the best source to read Shiva Purana in English?
Which is the best refrence book for class 11 physics if the aim is not to clear any competition and just to gain marks in 11th exams?
What are the selected chapters from the book, Ramesh Singh, according to Israel Jebasingh for the UPSC?
As a student, which Veda should I read?
What are the best illustrated topics from the various JEE books and how can you self-study from these books?
What books are similar to The Forty Rules of Love, which teaches you something about life, love and discovering oneself?
What should I read in order to understand Swedenborg and his influence on Blake?
What was the Vietnam War like for Communist soldiers? Are there any sources or books you could recommend?
What is the best novel for a school student?
Which books should I refer to for AMIE section B mechanical engineering?
Which are the best psychological thriller novels, worth your time?
Where I can get the class 12th solutions of the DK Goel Accountancy book?
Are there any books that will help me to talk and think like a lawyer?
What are some free online books to read?
What are the best texts/books for learning CS with Python?
If you describe yourself as an avid reader, how many books do you read in any time unit?
What are some good books on European ideas?
What is a good book on Computational neuroscience for the layperson?
Is there any book for machine learning in pharmaceutical chemistry?
Which MCQ books should I start solving to crack PG Examination?
What l should do at my graduation level for my best career?
How is the US portrayed in the history books of your country?
Which are some best books to know more about space?
What are the best ways to learn new topics for engineering students? Listening to lectures or reading books?
Which websites contain the most in-depth book reviews?
What are the best 'worked example' coding text books for all languages?
Is there any need to study extra books, like Pardeeps and Modern, for year droppers to crack the NEET?
Can you show your collection of books for the JEE preparation?
Which books should I use for NEET preparation And what startgery should I follow in summer vacations? I am in class 11th.
What would a history book about 2017 look like?
What kinds of books have a lot of firefights and stuff like that in them?
What are the most powerful books for self-development?
How can I collect research for a book?
Should Indian kids read books written by British authors only?
What are the best books to prepare for the IBPS examination?
What is the best book for studying quantum physics from scratch?
How should I start economics for CSE? Should I read the book or just go through the Unacademy NCERT economics summary?
What book most impacted your life after first reading it in your thirties?
What is a new book on church planting?
What is the most preferred book for Bill Gates except for "Business adventure"?
How do I get motivated to read more books as a teenager and get smarter?
What is a good book on the criminal procedure code that I can study to prepare for the judiciary?
Is K.N.Sharma a good book for ISC Class XI and XII?
What is a good book with a fictional/nonfictional narrative to it?
What is the best book for competitive exams for agricultural stream?
What are the best Indian books?
Why does every dyslexic protagonist in a book are always male?
What are some good books that teach you how to deal with different types of people?
How can I learn everything I can, read more books and absorb more material?
What are the good books that I should go for to become a statistician?
Which book store in Patna is best for buying Cengage books?
What are the extra books to read and understand to pass the JEE Advanced?
What books should I read to get a full scope of math, from the very basics up to calculus? (It’s fine if the books are in volumes.)
What are some good fictional or non-fictional philosophical novels about life, relationships, and human nature?
What are the top 10 books a 20 year old should read?
Have you read both of these books, Logic & Computer Design Fundamentals and Computer Architecture: a Quantitative Approach? Which book is better?
Which Leo Tolstoy book did I read?
How do I start with random topics or reading a book in one go for public administration? Without proper guidance, how do I start preparing this optional?
What kind of book should I read after clearing CAT for an interview?
Which books should one read and practise from for NEET, primarily for an AFMC aspirant?
Which physics book is the best for class 10th?
Which is the best book for SSC CGL 2017 tier 1?
Is there any book for beginners to understand basic human psychology?
Which is best book on quantum mechanics for a student studying in class 10 which explains both basic and complex information?
Which book is better for the JEE Main for chemistry, MTG or Universal Self-Scorer Errorless?
What books should I read to start an apparel line?
Is ISC Mathematics by Gupta and Bansal (Sultan Chand Publishing) a good mathematics book for IIT?
Which book is best on pulse diagnosis (नाड़ी परीक्षा) in Hindi?
What transformation did the book Awaken the Giant Within by Anthony Robbins bring in your life?
What book has helped you multiple times in your student life?
What are the names of some good books for increasing the perspective required for the UPSC?
What is the best way to study a book?
Which book should I use for the IGNOU M.Com exams?
Is the writer Salman Rushdie anti-Muslim?
Which books should one read in high school to get a deep knowledge of cosmology?
Are there any good books for total beginners in machine learning?
How do I avoid drowsiness while reading a literature book?
Is the book Computer Science Distilled good for people who want to learn computer science on their own? If not, what are some of the recommended books?
How do I start preparing for shorthand at home and gain 100 wpm speed for the SSC stenographer exam? Please recommend books, tips, etc.
What are the best Books for Institutional economics?
What are the best books for JEE aspirants in class 11?
What other books on OOAD include real-world case studies, besides “Object-Oriented Analysis and Design with Applications”?
Which is the best maths book of class 8?
What is the best book for Abstract Algebra in hons. level?
Which is the best book to read on Rumi’s love poems?
Which books are preferable for an MT electrical post at a Vizag Steel plant?
Which books should I buy to prepare for NTSE?
Which book is best for B Pharma study?
What books should I prefer for the GATE in the Metallurgical branch?
What are some recommendations for good books on psychology for any person not having psychology as a major?
What books can one read to understand more about ancient Indian science and mathematics?
What books do doctors enjoy reading?
What are the best books for PCMB group 12?
Which book is good for coordination compounds in chemistry for the JEE?
Which book is best for English comprehension, grammar and vocabulary?
Which book is good on the working of GPS for beginners?
Which is the best children's book you have ever read in your native language?
What is the best book in design and analysis of algorithm?
Which edition should I purchase of Solomon and Fryhle?
What genre of books should I read to become a smart, tactful, and manipulative woman?
Which books are the best to read about the challenges of life?
Where can I get some good online material on automobile parts and it's working, worth reading during summer?
In which book shop in Ranchi can I find Shubhash Dey's Business Studies book for Class 12?
Who has read a book authored by Andrus K Tebecis, PhD?
What is the sense in reading books if you later forget about most of them?
Which English books do you recommend for expanding my vocabulary with rare words?
Which is the best book for sales training?
What are the best books for a college student to read before going into enterprise software sales?
Why doesn't the Deep Learning Book reference any of Leslie Valiant's work?
Does Takshshila have any books for the CAT exam?
What is the best book for understanding remittances?
What are the best mystery/thriller or horror book that you would suggest a 12 year old girl?
Which book should I buy in class 11 for chemistry?
What is the best book for antenna theory as a part to be studied for the GATE 2018?
What are the age ranges for children's books?
If you could erase one book series from ever being written, which would you choose and why?
What's the best book to introduce me to philosophy?
Which is the best PCM books for class11?
What are the best book materials and current affairs magazines for the preparation for the Karnataka Administrative Service (KAS) exam?
What is the best book for class X for the UPSTSE exam?
What are the best books to learn EEE basics?
What are the important books for cat preparation?
Is there a word for the fear that one won't get to read all the books one would like to in a lifetime?
What is an online book for complete information about mutual funds?
If I took a specific book to the US, would it be confiscated?
What is a good book for theory for chemistry for JEE Main and Advanced?
What's a good book on neural nets and the like for someone not intimidated by (actually wants) math in the exposition?
What are some recommendations for some psychological books about understanding emotions?
Which books can I refer to for the KVPY-SA?
What are good books for telling me everything that my parents never taught me?
Can you suggest some good books for learning and speaking fluent English?
Should I buy old NCERT or new NCERT books for the basics?
Is the Pearson book for chemistry useful?
What books should I prefer for programming and coding? I am done with all my UG entrance exams but last time studied computers in class 8th.
What are the top books for leading remote teams?
What is the best spectroscopy book for Physical Chemistry?
How can we study if we are not having books?
What would be the best book or set of books for advance British English covering every part with voice and accent practice that is not boring?
What is the best book that can give you deep insight about hospitality and hospitality industry?
What are the best futurist book to boost creativity?
What are the best physical chemistry textbooks for IITs?
What books should I read on ancient battle strategy and tactics?
What is the best book for machine learning applications?
Which books are required reading for mechanical for the GATE?
What are your favorite humorous passages from a science article or book?
What are the best books for GATE (electrical engineering) and any tips or suggestions for preparation, will be a great help?
Is Universal Self Scorer a good book for the JEE Mains and Advanced?
Which book should I refer to gain the basic knowledge about networking?
What are the attributes of a wise person? What books should I read in order to expand my mind?
Where do I buy books for 11th grade?
What is the best book for information technology if I am a beginner?
Which Indian science book should I read?
Are there good book treatment examples?
What are some must-read books for a 17-year-old who wants to be an entrepreneur?
What are some good value for money book subscription boxes available in India?
What are some good preparation books for VITEEE?
What are the best CSIR life sciences books to prepare to crack the exam by 100%?
What are the settings of the novel "The Metamorphosis of Prime Intellect" by Roger Williams?
Which are the best books for basic aerospace engineering?
Which books should I read for the CAT exam preparation?
What are the best books to learn technical aspects of screenwriting?
What are the differences between the old edition and new edition of IIT JEE books?
Can you suggest few English novels that portray psycho-sexual disorders?
Which book should I buy to prepare for AIEEE?
How much time should 2 paragraphs cover in my book?
Which is your most favorite book in Harry Potter series? And what makes it your favorite?
What is a good book about the Eastern Front in WWI?
What books are available to learn about the history behind the naming of roads in Kolkata?
What is the complete list of books one needs to read to clear UPSC with Political Science as an optional?
Which mouth organ is best for beginners?
What is the best book that explores the big 5 personality traits of human behavior?
What are the best agricultural books?
Which are the best books for a 11 -12 th class student to prepare for SAT?
What are some good books on advanced Graphology?
What are good books to learn about magnetic materials?
What is the best books for engineering concepts?
Which books are best to prepare for IIT-JAM/TIFR/JEST (Physics) and BSc. Physics university exams?
Where can I find a list of books with archaic language?
Which book should I use for NEET: Pradeep or USS?
Would you ever recommend "The Book Thief" by Markus Zusak to any one of your friends? Why?
I'm planning on majoring in finance, someone provide me with a decent sized list of books that I should read?
What is a really good book for Java and data structure, as a beginner?
Can I get Yandamoori’s books?
Which books will help me for the IAS preparations?
Which books are the best for preparation for the Bank of India credit officer exam 2017?
Are there any good books on the Bloods (especially the East Coast UBN/United Blood Nation)?
Which is the best book on energetics (physics)?
What book should I buy for Class 10?
What are some books everyone should read in life?
Which are the best reference books for class 11 CBSE science (physics, chemistry and biology)?
Is it possible to learn finance by oneself by reading books, than going to a B-School?
What is the best book and MOOCs to understand digital marketing and blogging?
Is it okay for a student to read multiple computer science books simultaneously?
What are the best books about microbiology for the first year of an MBBS course?
Which books can I download for free in order to prepare for the general awareness part of the SSC CGL?
Why is the majority of old books or novels only about noble people?
What are the best books for learning about finance?
Where can I find fiction novels at a cheaper rate in Delhi?
Which are the best books of American literature for NET?
What books should I refer to for the NET exam, Paper 1?
Which is the best book for bank PO descriptive paper preparation?
What are some books that teach understanding of body language and different personalities?
What are some of the best books available in PDF format for learning Java? Can you give the links?
Which books of fiction couldn't have been written without World War 2?
Which books are best to prepare for the 2017 Bank of India credit officer exam?
What is your review of the book The Most Beautiful: My Life with Prince written by Prince’s first wife Mayte Garcia?
Which are the best books for the SSC CGLE exam preparation?
What kind of book should I read to improve my confidence?
Which books should a person have to read to get to the same level as Elon Musk or Bill Gates?
How do you determine the kinds of books to use as reference in your research?
In a bag, there are 5 green books, 5 red books and 5 blue books. In how many ways can we fill 3 vacant places with these 15 books?
What is a good book or resource for studying the history of special relativity?
What are the best books from which I can learn how to use the subconscious mind for achieving goals?
Which is the best book for preparation for the BHU entrance exam for an MBA agribusiness management?
How do you keep a book's cover from suspending?
Which are the best detailed books for learning ethical hacking from scratch?
What are the best books/study aids to help interlink medical subjects?
Which are the best books to learn Fortran?
What are the best metapapers about entrepeneurship development?
Which are the best reference books for IIT preparation in class 11?
What 3-5 biographies would you suggest to have a competent understanding of US history?
What books should I refer to for the KAS exam? If I'm studying without outside coaching, how should I study?
What book should we read for govt exams preparation?
What are some good online learning materials/books to study about warehousing and logistics in general or that are specific to Europe?
Which books should I read to make myself fluent in English?
Which is the best book for share market study and investment?
Which types of books can be read after a breakup?
What books should I read for medical PG entrance examinations?
What does “vintage” written on a book cover mean?
Can you recommend good reference sources for the subject of global trends in mobile education?
Which book is good for TV & radar engineering?
To which book should I refer to crack NEET?
Where can I best read books?
How should I prepare for law and audits? Should I learn exactly the same language in books, or else can I use my own?
Is there any book about the relationship between music and math?
What are some good books on learning Mandarin for absolute beginners?
What kind of book or series could help stigma associated with suicide?
What are some good book recommendations for Peace and Conflict studies?
What are some of the best chemistry books that I should refer for my IIT JEE preparation for all the three sections (physical, organic and inorganic)?
What are the best books for class 9 maths and science?
What are some random good books?
Which books can I read to get *UNBAISED* insights of Naxalism in India?
Could anybody show me a sample of a book report?
What are the books that contain the secrets of the universe, regarding how to get wealthy?
Which is the best book shop for selling used books in Chennai?
When I'm reading a book or watching a series, is it normal to stress all the time about when I'll finish it?
If you could only own one book about computer science/programming, what would it be?
Can I study from just my institution’s books for Class 11, Narayana?
Which books should I prefer for metric spaces and complex analysis?
What books should one refer to for the MS exam in IIT Kharagpur (CSE)? It has Discrete Maths, digital logic and programming
What are the best books on Aryans?
What is the best book for the JEE for heat and thermodynamics?
What are some of the best self-help books for a 22-year-old guy?
Which is a great book about couple's communication?
How do you retain the best takeaways from your favourite books? Are there any hacks for doing so?
Which 10-20 nonfiction books should one read to become a truly educated person?
Which are the must-read books on hacking?
How can I purchase a collection of books within several genres cheaply and have them shipped to Nigeria?
How can people get the most out of the self-help books they read?
Is there any difference in the RD Sharma class 11 book for ISC and CBSE?
Which Indian novels and books have got an international recognition and are actually interesting to read?
Which Mathematics books do MIT/Stanford undergraduates use for Mathematics major?
Any good book recommendations for teenagers?
What books are needed for NEET medical?
Should I self-study German with an app or with a grammar book?
What are some of the best fiction books of all time?
What are the best books for CLAT prep?
Which books has a similar heroine like Susannah Simon (The Mediator)?
What is the best math storybook for a 6-year-old kid?
What can I do if I am interested in selling books?
Do we have some website or book to learn hacking?
Which book should I buy for algebra? I have completed Cengage algebra and I'm looking forward to good and challenging problems.
What are the best books for civil engineering in order to crack the GATE for ESE?
What do we already know about "thoughts"? What field of science studies them? What are some book suggestions?
Which is the best book to refer for KMAT and PGCET for MBA?
How should I start if I want to build my own (private) library?
What are some great books related to ecology and the environment?
How often does Gordon Miller read books?
Can you suggest some good books on Lord Shiva?
Which book is better to achieve a good rank in Karnataka PGCET mechanical engineering?
What is the best reference book for class 9?
Which books are recommended for the ADC preliminary exam?
Which book is best on Indian Polity, which covers knowledge from basic to last?
Which book is best for the preparation of the BHU B.Sc. Maths level?
What is the most advanced sacred book in terms of approaching a meaningful understanding of ethics and the deep nature of reality?
Which are the interesting books for beginners?
What are the names of some good books for IES preparation?
What are the books that are the must reads for a first-time startup founder?
Who are the best book writers whose names are even heard today?
What is the best & favourite book you have read?
Which reference book is best for class 9th to become a topper?
What are the mathematics books to be followed to get strong in basics and fundamentals for Gate?
Which one is the best C programming book for the intermediate level?
What are some good nonfiction books (science-related preferable)?
How do I fill out an industrial training log book?
What are the best books which influenced your life and will recommend to your readers?
What are some of the best short books (i.e. less than 250 pages)?
Which books or sites should I refer to to increase my knowledge about Number Theory (I know the basics)?
What are some good books with romance an adult in their early 20's would enjoy?
Which are the most appropriate books/materials for the sociology optional?
Which is the best book for the IIT JEE 2019 physics and mathematics theory parts?
Which is the best book for an Indian Navy tradesman?
What topics do Leonard Susskind’s The Theoretical Minimum and his book Classical Mechanics cover? What's the difference between the two books?
Which books youth of India is reading as of 2017?
What is the shortest time you finished reading a computer science related book like reading it as a novel, and grasped the concepts?
What should I do if my university bills me for books I didn’t take?
What are the best books for practicing PCM for JEE Mains and Advanced from basic to hard problems?
How can I find books related to my passion?
What are the best inspiration and public speaking books to read?
What are the best leftist books you came across?
What is the best book of maths for IIT preparation?
What books should a business-minded person read?
Can you recommend any affordable nature resorts where I can get lost and finish my book, preferably with a grand view away from civilization?
What is the best book introducing the basics of biostatistics and concepts like distributions, hypothesis testing and the like?
Which books are good for me to read during my free time (fantasy is my choice)?
What (non best seller) books influenced you the most and why?
Which book is best for concept clearing in Maths for BITSAT?
What are the best books for cracking Gate ECE and CAT?
What is the most important book of the 21st century?
What are books that teach on how to make money?
What are the best books about discipline?
Is a reference book necessary for class 10 CBSE (2018 batch)?
Can somebody help me to find a book which will help me know about phrases like'honey trape'?
What is the best book for essay writing in UPSC Mains? I am doing self study.
What are some of the best lines ever written in any novel?
Do I need to read the first 13 books before starting with '14th Deadly Sin' by James Patterson?
Which is best book for mathematics class 10 CBSE?
What books would you recommend someone who wants to learn the philosophy in Hinduism?
Is there any book to understand framing of conversation or arguments to our favor?
Are there any good books which discuss the transitions in health and social care?
What are some good books on business ideation, innovation and creativity?
Is there a basic, unbiased book on economics you recommend?
Do you have any book suggestions similar to The Mortal Instruments?
What are the best Finance and stock books for a 17y old?
Can you give me some links to objective books on physics, chemistry and biology for NEET preparation?
I'm considering taking a PhD in neurochemisty, which books I need to read to get into the subject?
What would the best book to read by people in their early 20s be?
Which book is better MTG or Trueman?
What kind of book would you like to read on your leisure time?
What books would you suggest for a student of PCB aiming for the AIIMS and currently promoted in class 11 CBSE?
Can I really live out my fantasies like I've read about in fiction novels and seen in pornographic films?
What is the best book for a beginner to learn Java in 2017? Will the older books like “Head First Java” help in learning the latest version of Java?
What books would you recommend for an "Intermediate" student of business?
What is the best physics book for IGCSE 2017 in May/June?
Except for ficseek.com, what site is recommended for searching for free books?
What is the best guide book for CBSE for science?
Which of Norman Lewis’ publications is better, Goyal or Penguin India?
I'm researching on Mata Hari's tactics as a spy. What books and references can you recommend?
For the chemistry MCQ (JEE), what type of book should I use?
Which is the best reference book for CSE branch?
What are the must-read texts in Philosopy of Language?
What are the best reference books for CA-IPC Group 2?
Which book of Physics is best for the preparation of JEE Advanced?
Are there any serious scientific websites / books I may read about veganism?
Can you name an appropriate book for practising wavy curves and modulus?
What is the best reasoning book for SSC bank exam etc.?
Which website & book are best for general knowledge?
Which book is best for Urdu poetry?
What are good books or websites to prepare for the RBI grade B 2017? I’m a banker, so I hardly get a few hours to study, so I need good content related to the exam.
How do I learn C network programming? Is there a book I can study?
Which are the books to read or online courses to do if I want to invest in the stock market (I'm a noob)?
If you could own or read only one book about CS or programming, what would it be?
What are the best academic books on finance?
Is Neeraj a good book for an M.Com?
Which is the best book to study chemistry from?
Which is the best book that is much more innovative and increases our creativity, logic and other mental development?
How can I be an IAS officer, and what are the best books for preparation?
Which book should I prefer for BITSAT maths, RD Sharma or A Das Gupta?
What class is good for NET mathematics preparation? Or how can I pass the exam by studying by myself? What are the best books?
Do the NCERT books need to be changed?
In today’s busy life, when do you read books?
Which is the best book to learn about calculus which is required to start learning quantum mechanics?
How good are books like E. Balagurusamy’s to actually prepare you for the real world?
How useful will it be to read the book of Einstein 'The World as I See It'?
What are the names of some good mystery novels?
What is the average ratio between reviews written and the number of books purchased?
Which book is better for RIE CEE?
What would you like to know about China? If it were in book form, what would the title be?
Why do people count the books they've read (as in a book challenge)? Why does that number matter?
Are side books important for class 11th?
What are some good books about Camelot that can be read as myths (like the Odyssey)?
Which are best Urdu and Hindi shayari books and writers I should read?
Which is the best reference book for chemistry for the NCERT board and NEET too?
Is anyone interested in vintage books, circa 1850 - 1950? Various topics: gardening, jazz, embroidery, religion, poetry, novels.
Which is the best book for cell biology and genetics for a bachelor’s course?
What is the best book, CA IPCC Costing and FM, or is Paduka better?
What's the most important thing you've learned from a children's book?
What is the best picture book for children learning to read?
What is the scope of books like Harry Potter in India? Do you think Indian readers will accept this type of book if it is written by an Indian author?
Does reading books impact our psychology? Why do negative books impact us negatively and positive books impact us positively?
What are the best novels for a college student in fiction?
Which books do you recommend 20-year-olds to read before they reach 30?
Which books should one refer to for the CAT’s grammar and vocabulary sections?
What are some of the best teen fiction novels?
Do you buy (non-fiction) books or visit a bookstore?
What are some great Indian historical books (or novels)?
How many books besides the new book "Wake Up American" tells of a Hillary Clinton presidency if she were elected?
Name the book which is helpful for computer science student after finishing 12th?
Which book should be preferred for physics to understand NCERT?
Punjabi is my mother tongue. Has anyone taken Punjabi as a compulsory language exam in the UPSC? What is it like, and which books should I study?
What book could be used for the statistical probability part in the actuary entrance exam (ACET)?
What's the latest book for PHP which involves the latest features and techniques for an intermediate developer?
Is the book Design of Transmission Systems by Jayakumar good to refer to for actual design practices or only for exams?
What books are good to read to understand how derivative securities work under-the-hood?
How is energy transformed? Is there any book that explains this?
What topics are best illustrated in the various books of JEE? How do I prepare from these books?
What’s the best book on the comparative history/evolution of self-confidence levels of ethnic groups from caveman days to now?
What are some of the greatest business books Gordon Miller can recommend for me to read?
What are some great books, in PDF format, for the international mathematics Olympiad?
What's a really good book?
Resonance DLPD modules vs Arihant books for JEE which one is better?
Which book is the best for current affairs for the CDS exam?
Are there any books where the protagonist is more of an antagonist?
Which book is the most reliable for the JEE Advanced level physical chemistry theory?
What are the required reference books for UPSC CSE Mains preparation?
Which famous or popular books do you hate? Why?
Which book should I prefer for the 8th board and SOF Olympiads?
We all know that H. C. Verma is the best in the case of physics. Likewise, what is the best best book in chemistry for cracking the NEET?
Which is the best book to understand the trading process of the stock market, provided I have sufficient commercial background?
What is the book about the war that is run by computers?
What is the best book of reasoning for recent banking exams?
What is the best speaking English book?
Is it worth buying the RxSwift book?
How do I prepare for KVPY SX maths exam? Which topics should be done from which books?
How do I develop a deeper understanding of the stock market, and basically the secondary market? Please suggest ways to learn more or the names of some good books on finance and economics, etc.?
Which book contains the story of King David?
What is the “politics of becoming” that William Connolly mentions in his book "Why I Am Not a Secularist"?
Indian history textbooks lack a lot of true Indian history; what could be the alternative rich reading sources for students from grades 6 to 12?
Which books should I choose for the MPSC?
Which book best explains about energy in physics?
Which book should I refer to in order to crack the Karnataka State Psi exam?
What are the books to be preferred to become a top tax auditor?
Can I teach myself with books?
What books are best in 11 and 12 for cracking the JEE?
What kinds of books would you recommend for an English learner?
What are the top 10 novels every reader should read?
What are some good books about physics and science for a starter?
What is the best PTE Academic book for preparation?
What are some books that people interested in NLP must read?
What is the best book from which to learn advanced C++ and get familiar with Java Native Interface (JNI)?
Is there any 80s or earlier science book (not science fiction) which 'predicted' that video calling would one day become an everyday phenomenon?
Which do you think are the top 5 must read books?
Which are some good books for the bank SO exam?
Which is the best book for a person who is willing to go for marketing as a carrier?
Who writes blogs on Quora about history, books, anthropology, myth, Christian history, geography, or travel?
What ancient Indian books (The Nighantus and other books) are there regarding plants in and out of Ayurveda?
What are some good books on the history of the nationalist movement in Indochina?
What are some books that romanticize mental illness?
Is CA Aaditya Jain good for SFM from an exam point of view, or is he just good for gaining financial knowledge?
Which books and websites do you suggest for studying for the Facebook data engineer interview?
Which book provides tier 2 maths question bank for SSC CGL?
Which is the most basic book available on quantum mechanics?
Which are the best books for young entrepreneurs?
What are the best Gujarati classic fiction books?
Which is the best physics text book for BVP entrance exams?
What books can I read for self improvement and thinking?
Can Awdhesh Singh Sir share the names of his favourite top 10 self-help books?
How can I prepare for MAH-MCA-CET with just self-study? What book can I use?
What are some good books (in English) to read to understand the social issues in rural Taiwan?
Where can I get solutions to concept application exercises of Cengage books?
What is a great book to read on the historical development of Non-Euclidean geometry?
Which book to prefer for costing in Ca final?
What are the books to read if we want to discover the truth about India's independence, the freedom fighters involved and their true characters.?
Should I stop using my PC so much and start reading more books as a teenager?
Which is better: Pritesh Singh’s or Rajamahendran’s surgery book?
What are some modern book adaptations of Shakespeare's Othello?
What connections between worlds are there in Brandon Sanderson's Cosmere books and what does it suggest for the future Stormlight Archive books?
Why do the NCERT books have less data, compared to the state government books?
What are some good books that explain software development process?
Is SL Arora Physics a good book for RBSE Class 12?
What themes in fiction do people want to read about today?
What are some good graduate-level mathematics books up to the pro level?
Which maths book is best for class 9?
Which books are best for the UPSC Mains for mathematics 1 and 2?
Which books or sites should I refer to for studying the basics of XML?
What are the best ways for introverts to promote books they've authored?
Is there any book on biological terms etymology?
Where can I find books that will teach me how to hack?
What are the five best books on diets and healthy lifestyle?
What is the best book you suggest to learn about viruses for someone with very little background in biology?
What are the books that proffesional Android developer should read?
What are the top book recommendations on learning about various business industries?
Are you a part of the book whistling silence?
Is there a book about physics that is accessible and easy to read for an adult?
What are the best books to learn about Business English?
What kind of book should I read as a freshman recruiter? Or, what things should I learn deeper, so I could be a master in interviews?
Which is the best book to enhance English speaking skills?
What is the best book about wealth management for beginners?
In what order should I read Pushkin, Turgenev, Gogol, Dostoevsky, and Tolstoy?
What is a good book for engineering mathematics for GATE prep?
What is the best book on calculus that teaches us the calculus required to understand quantum mechanics?
What are the best books for learning about good practices and principles when developing a Node.js application, that are relevant in 2017?
Is Objective Approach to Mathematics by Amit Agarwal the right book for the JEE Mains?
What is the best model-posing reference book (or how-to-pose-a-model-in-fashion book)?
What is the reference maths book for gate EE?
Which are some good books for GST?
Which books are good to learn 'யாப்பிலக்கணம்' (Yappu Ilakkanam)?
What are some books on organic gardening?
Which book do you love the best?
Which books do students at top medical colleges read in the first year?
How should I learn aptitude and reasoning from zero level at home with the help of the Internet and books?
What software development books are agnostic to the ages and highly relevant like the mythical man month?
Can you suggest books or other resources which explain why people don't expect or think about contingencies/failure?
Are there any books only about Russian noun declension?
Are there good books out there written by Apollo missions engineers?
Which books do I need to refer to, for the Vizag Steel management trainee exam for metallurgical engineering?
Is there a book which has the history and derivations of dimensionless numbers?
Which are the best books to prepare for the TISSNET 2018?
Which novels are most like The Vampire Chronicles, but not written by Anne Rice?
Which is the best book for IPCC law and taxation having lots of questions for practice?
What are the best self-study books for cracking the CAT 2017? I am a CA and will be taking the CAT for the first time. I have not touched Math since class X.
Which mathematics book should I read for IIT?
What sci-fi books have non-human main characters?
Are there any essential books for scoring higher marks in mathematics for the CDS exam?
What books should I gift my 12 year nephew to build up his reading habits? He is from London.
Are there any short textbooks on molecular and cellular biology?
As a MBA student, how can one learn apart from books?
What are some famous French books?
What books are you currently reading to your kids?
What are some good books?
Which books do I need to refer to for the Vizag Steel management trainee exam for mechanical engineering?
What is best book for Lebesgue integration?
Which are the best books for studying the basics of electricity and electronics for an individual with a mechanical engineering background?
Are there any good books similar to ASOIAF and The Witcher Saga?
To what extent do 21st Century discoveries about Ancient Rome affect the credibility of history books published in the 20th Century?
Which is the best book for physiology in the 1st year of an MBBS?
I'm close to finish reading calculus by stewart. So what books should read next?
What is the best way to publicize my non-fiction book? How do I find reputable publicists? What is a typical budget?
What is the best book for studying goods and service tax?
Which book is best for Madhya Pradesh general knowledge?
Which are the best books for deep preparation of the GATE 2018 for civil engineering?
What are some books to comprehend GST for a beginner?
What are the list of best books for digital logic design?
What are some must-read books that are recommended, from all the genres?
What books are to be studied for the APPSC Group 1 exam?
What are some books that teach deception and manipulation?
Where in Lahore can I sell my O and A level books for a good price?
Which book should I recommend for the preparation of GATE (mechanical)?
What are the prescribed books for GRE preparation at present?
What is the summary of a book named Dingoes at Dinnertime?
What are some books having good calculus questions from the basic to the advanced level?
Which financial management books should I refer to? I am a science student, so I need to start from scratch.
What is the best book for ICSE 10 physics numericals?
What are some good books on Renaissance art history discussed in the context of the socio-political change?
What is the most life changing book you've ever read?
What are the best textbooks that will help me prepare very well for the GRE physics exam’s different parts?
What are the standard text books for environmental engineering?
Is there any book that introduces Japan's biological warfare?
Which are the best novels for motivation and inspiration?
What are the good books to study the European history?
What is the best book about Python for beginners?
What guide book is best for the 12th history course?
Which book is the best?
Are Jaipur FIITJEE coaching chemistry packages enough for class 11 & 12, or do I need any other book? Which book should I refer to if needed?
Which is a good book in Chemistry for theory for JEE Mains and Advanced?
Which books are required to qualify for BBAU?
What are some suggestions for any good book or website to learn back-end programming?
I'm a commerce student. Do I need to join some institute to prepare for the entrance exams of 2018 or do I need to read some specific newspapers?
What is a good book on what our modern world is made of? One that has a general overview of what makes up our buildings, cars, electronic devices, etc
What are your criticisms of Charles Dickens' books?
What are some good autobiographies, like Wings of Fire, that a student should read?
Does The Magic book really help to motivate?
Which book should I follow on quantum physics for my graduation?
What is a detailed summary of the book Barnabus Mudpatch by Steve Moran?
What are the best Hungarian textbooks for foreigners?
Should I buy the biography book of Steve Jobs that was written by Walter Isaacson?
Are there any more sites where I can read free books without paying money to become a member?
Which is the best book to understand the research methods and statistics?
What books are good if you are appearing for the railway service competitive exam?
Are there any solutions provided for the book Mathematical Circles: (Russian Experience)?
Which Peter Winkler book should I buy, Mathematical Puzzles or Mathematical Mind Benders, if I must buy just one?
What is a classy book in statics and dynamics for conceptual need? What are your suggestions for an undergraduate guy (hons. Mathematics)?
What are your reviews about " a brief history of time" book?
Which book is useful to study for the class 10 CBSE exam in 2017-2018?
What are some great books/novels on philosophy (non romantic or preachy) in Punjabi literature?
What are some novels which can change my life to understand what I should do?
Which economy book to reference for the UPSC exam, the one by Ramesh Singh or by the late Sanjeev Verma (updated)?
What is the best book on Palestinian politics (not on the conflict but rather the history and contemporary politics of the PLO, Fatah, and Hamas?)
Which books should I read if I want to develop an app and I am not a computer programmer?
Where can I buy the Condor Heroes book trilogy by Jin Yong/Louis Cha in English?
Which electrical book is used in IIT colleges?
What are the best ways to support an author besides buying their books?
Which books should I refer to clear the overseas registration exam (ORE) in the UK?
What types of books should a 9th class student read for IIT?
Which book is the best for self-study of CCNP routing and switching?
What is a good non-fiction book recommendation for vacation reading?
Which are some of the best books for Combined Medical Services examination?
Is it necessary to prepare from all three books, i.e. the study material, the guide books and the NCERT books, for the UP provincial civil services?
Which are the best books for problem solving in physics and mathematics for the IIT JEE?
What books do you consider must be read in their original language?
What are the best objective books for medical preparation?
What are good books for becoming a good lawyer?
What are some recommended books for Kas maths?
Which book should I give my teen siblings to get them interested in learning? Recommend any book: science, history, maths, literature, etc.
What are the top most inspirational books?
Which books should we take for PCM in 11?
Is there a book that covers every fundamental theorem of mathematics?
Is Pradeep's Fundamental Physics good for AIIMS and NEET preparation?
I'm searching for a thermodynamics exercise book (I prefer which has solution manual). Which one you will recommend?
What are the best books/websites for learning physics according to you?
What are the best books for knew about Indian history?
What book would you recommend to read on a trek to Himalayas?
What are some good books on philosophy for someone who plans on majoring in philosophy?
What's a good book for self-study for pure mathematics?
What is the best book you would recommend to a friend to read?
If there is one book that you have read and would recommend that everybody should read it, what would it be?
Where can one find the latest collection of e-books?
Are there any books or websites related to how to start an Internet-based startup which also discuss legal/permit/accounting issues?
Are there any courses/proper books for learning Julia and Data Science simultaneously from scratch?
Can you recommend some good fiction books with the action taking place in Miami?
What are some recent science-based relationship books that you like?
Which are some good books for CBSE 11th and 12th accountancy and economics?
What are considered some must read books at any venture capitalist firm?
What was your favorite book and why?
How can I find this book, "Kaplan and Manner: Culture Theory"?
Which are the best 5 English novels for children?
Which book should I prefer in physics for IIT JEE Advanced?
What is a book/material about the philosophy of software testing?
Which book is better, Arihant all-in-one or Arihant chapter-wise solutions for physics and chemistry for 12th class?
Is Jawaharlal Nehru an overrated author?
Where and how can I study intermediate level XSS?
Why are Audible books more expensive than physical books or online book purchases?
How can a UPSC aspirant exhaustively prepare the for the Mains syllabus for the GS Paper II? Are there any standard books like Laxmikant?
What are the best calculus books to have fun with for 12th pass students?
Which books are preferable only for practicing mathematics for the GATE and ESE?
What are the best books on project management in a scientific/engineering context?
Which books should I read to improve statistics?
Which books are best for HTML?
What are the books that can be referred to, while studying European history?
Which book is best about a spy?
Why do engineering students score more when they study from reference books as compared to those who studies from simple printed notes?
What are some wedding readings from novels?
What are the standard books to follow for gate mechanical?
What are the best books on Chanikya's principles?
What is the best book/material for learning javavscript?
Which books should I prefer to prepare for the GATE and the IESE in civil engineering?
Can you recommend a book on Indian history (7th to 14th century)?
Are there different writers of NCERT books? If yes, then who is the best writer?
What are good books or informational resources for men in their 50s considering having a second child?
What are the latest recommended world history books?
What are the most compelling arguments posed against Daniel Quinn's philosophy as it is presented in Ishmael?
What are the best books/study aids to help interlink with medical subjects?
What is best book for IIT preparation for 6 class?
Which is the best book to learn Java Scripting from scratch?
What book do you really want to read, but haven't gotten around to it?
What's a good way to teach your teenage son how to be a respectful and good lover? (Porn is generally awful and he has read all of the birds and bees books.)
Can somebody suggest good books on death, karma, and reincarnation?
What math books can help a gifted young elementary student cultivate a love for mathematics?
Do you read many books?
Which books are best for IIT-JEE preparation to score 300 or more?
Is there a book with a similar character like Caroline Forbes?
What are the latest history books you can recommend?
Which books should I prepare for basic electronics?
Which is the best book for numericals in physics for the IIT-JEE? I already have Irodov.
What is the best book to learn music theory for a mathematician?
Did you read the novel “The Fantasist?” What do you think about it?
What is a great book which will give me an overview of the most significant trends in IT?
What books does Warren Buffet like to read? Does he have a reading list?
What is the best, simplest book to read to learn everything about tensors from scratch?
What is the best book for the ABC’s of English grammar?
Which books should I read to improve my knowledge of Indian constitution?
What are some books with similar plots to the Graveyard Book (child raised by supernatural beings)?
What booking system does Everwise use?
Is there any book that can help me master quantum mechanics? (I am in the 9th grade.)
Can I use my Marx horse collection in my story book and can I use their name?
As a beginner, where should I start with artificial intelligence? What books would you suggest? Any experience will be appreciated.
What books do you recommend for me?
What books should I prepare for the Veda IIT entrance test, & how do I prepare?
Which is the best book to understand the same words used as different parts of speech?
What are good Vedic books that I can learn manners and etiquette from?
What is an in-depth book on digital ad operations?
Where can I find dark mystery gothic adventurous and sinister novels and books set in the British Raj?
Which books should I read to know ​the mindset of people as they grow?
What are the best books for the APPSC Group 3 for the Mains?
What are some of your favorite guilty pleasure novels?
Can you suggest me some spiritual Indian books?
Does reading more books make you more confused and anxious?
How do I complete a math book in 15-20 days, if I don't like maths, but want to score good?
What is your best book?
Within how many days can I finish Word Power Made Easy by Norman Lewis?
What is the best accounting book?
Which books are best for IIT?
What books should I read for the NEET PG?
What books does Oliver Tate give Jordana in Submarine (2010)?
What are the books BA Physics at Oxford study during their 3 years of study?
What are the best books on African countries post-colonialism?
What reference books are suitable for students studying nursing?
What must-read books would you recommend?
What books are on teenagers’ 2017 summer reading lists?
What are the best books or links for preparing for the Financial Management section of the BOI credit officer exam? What are your suggestions?
What are the seminal works in human resource management?
What is the syllabus for organic chemistry for IIT JAM and which reference books are to be followed?
Which book should I choose for basic maths?
What are some good books for welding fixture design?
What is the best book(s) on virology or virus?
What is the most interesting biography, autobiography or a memoir you have read in recent times?
What is the software from which Facebook is programmed?
What is the most informational book you have ever read?
Which books to study for programming data structures 2?
When will the book The Exile of Mukunda be released?
Which is the standard book for Mathematics section for GATE CSE?
Are there any 14 - 16 year old Quorans whose answers are worth reading?
Where can I get an errorless physics book for free?
What is the best solution to begin reading books without getting bored?
As a dropper for IIT what is the best set of books to stick to?
What are the best books for CAT preparation for both logical reasoning and the verbal section?
How many of you think that the making of Bahubali will be highly informative and a text book for visual media and VFX students and be released soon?
Which books may be a good reference for general awareness and general knowledge for Delhi SI exam?
What are some books and websites with analogies or metaphors for mathematical concepts and formulas?
Is there any good book for the answer to the relationship between law and morality?
How can I summarize the book I read in a short period?
How do I score good marks in the Diploma CET exam? Which books should I read, and what tricks should be used in writing the exam?
What is the best book to learn TensorFlow?
What are some children's books that aid their introduction/learning to/of philosophy?
What books and resources would you recommend to learn designing and building APIs with Nodejs?
What are some books that are really similar to Dostoyevsky’s White Nights?
Which books should an electrical engineer read to get at par with BS physics?
When will a new edition of Universal Self Scorer come?
How do I choose the perfect resource for JEE preparation, since there are a variety of good books to choose from?
What is the best book for learning Netcat for beginner?
Who wrote book Unhappy India?
Are there any study materials that combines all of the topic-wise NCERT books into one?
Why are books interisting?
What is the best book about Warren Buffett in Hindi?
What type of books are sold in India mostly?
What is the best book or site to learn GK for XAT 2017?
Which is the best book on quantum mechanics for begginers having no background in calcalus?
Which is the best book IIT JEE match?
Which is the best guide or reference book for 10th class, according to the CBSE pattern of 2017 (besides NCERT)?
What are the best books on moving on from a relationship that never started?
Where is the best place to read?
What do you think of the book Lawrence of Arabia?
Can anyone recommend a novel to me? It must be the best that you've ever read and can help me build an interest in reading.
Which book best explains about physics of energy and it's transformation?
Which maths concepts book is best for IIT levels?
Which books can help me to get into IBA Karachi?
What are some recommended books for the RHCSA exam?
How do I prepare mechanics for GATE 2018? Which book should I follow?
What's the creepiest book you have ever read? Was it The Consumer?
What is the best self improvement book to read this weekend?
What are the best proportions of white space to use in book design?
What are some good books to learn Indian history?
Where can I get good book reviews?
How can I read a lot of books and learn from them, absorb all the information from them, and eat the material from them?
Which book should I reference to prepare for MT metallurgy at Vizag steel plant?
When preparing for the GATE exam in electronics, which book should I prefer?
What is the SOPEP book?
Is there a real substance that, if injected, can kill a person immediately like in fiction books or action movies?
What are the references/books for learning the Kotlin language?
What have you learned from a book?
Why am I obsessed with new textbooks? Is it a phobia or a mental disease?
Where can I find books/documents on Orange Data Mining?
What books do you recommend to start reading on Chomsky? Which ones are his best books?
What do you think about readers who add meaning (criticism) to book?
What will be the best book for class 12 math for JEE?
What are the best and the toughest books for IITJEE Math?
What are the best non-fiction books of all time and why?
Which are the best anthropology books for UPSC preparation?
Which books are best for details of finance and investment, especially for students of IIM Ahemdabad?
I just made the mistake of telling my main character of my book about his role in said book, and he asked me to leave him out of it. What do I do?
What is the only book I have to read in order to realize my dream of becoming wealthy?
Which are the best books for deep preparation for the 2019 GATE for civil engineering?
What was your good or bad experience with Just Books, Bangalore (any branch)?
What kind of book should I read to be an expert in interviewing candidates?
Which is the best objective book of maths for JEE?
Where can I get links for downloading ICSE recommended books?
Which order should I read Lacan?
What are the best reading books one should never miss in everyone's life?
Is there a medical book that explains pathologies as a novel or as a fictitious story?
Are there any books or articles that discusses Abu Bakar Naji's "Management of Savagery" comprehensively?
Which books are best for clearing JEE?
Which series of books are the best for the preparation of the MCAT, Kaplan or Exam Krackers?
What are the best books to crack the JEE Mains and the BITSAT in 2018 with a good score?
Which are your favorite love stories by Catherine Cookson?
Would a book labeled as alternative fiction put you off buying it?
Have you read the book Unscripted: Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Entrepreneurship by MJ DeMarco?
What does this Publius Syrus quote mean, “Divide the fire and you will sooner put it out”?
What book should I buy for NTSE preparation?
What are some of the books, videos and articles which will be helpful in preparing for MUNs?
Is a good understanding of second order optimization algorithms necessary to understand deep learning?
What is the best book for English literature for the UPSC or the state level competitive examnation?
What anime series are similar to Malazan Book of the Fallen?
Which is the best book for physics for BVP entrance exams?
What are the best books for energy audits?
Which book is better for JEE chemistry, Modern’s ABC or the MTG books?
Which book is best for the SSC JE Electronics?
What is the best seller book of all time?
What are the authentic books of the IPC and CrPC for the department exam?
How can I get useful English history articles and books in electronic edition?
If I want to learn how to track analytics to see how people use my iOS app and website, what books/ resources should I read?
Should I use only NCERT books for my class 10 annual exam? If no, then name that reference book?
What are the best MCQ books for AIPGMEE?
Can you write a brief book review to summarize your favorite book?
What is a must-read book for understanding the money cycle, its history, and how it works?
What is the content of Judas Book?
Which book would widen one’s worldview?
What are some good books or sites to begin stock trading?
What are the best books a person starting logo/identity design should read?
Which reference book is the best for WBJEE and JEE Main (math, physics, and chemistry) preparation?
Which book is best to master organic reaction?
Which book should I read for The Mahabharata?
What are some of the best books to study hydrodynamic stability?
What books are based on history of India?
How do I use mind mapping when I read a book since CV I wants to do that?
What are some books on comparative mythology?
What does it mean if you choose a book to read and you don't remember what you read?
Do students outside India refer to Indian books for math and science?
What is a good book for a young football quarterback?
Which are some of the best books for Research Methodology in Political Science?
Which MCQ books should I start solving to crack PG Examination?
Which books should be studied for NSEJS?
What are good books on the Kapampangan people of the Philippines?
If the skills are learned from the net or books, how does a recruiter judge without the certificate?
What are the best reference books for commerce with maths in CBSE board? Both 11th and 12th.
What are some books that intelligent individuals read?
What are the best books for IBPS PO preparation for the current syllabus and exam pattern?
Which spoken English book is the best?
Which books would Gordon Miller recommend for financial success?
I'm interested in learning about cat breeding, what are some basic things to consider? Any good books on the subject?
What are the best books for AAT after JEE advanced?
How were people in the past learn languages without any books or documents?
Where should I study for CPT, from the modules or from the J.K. Shah Classes book? How should I study economics?
What are some great books to read during college?
Is current booking available in all trains?
What is a recommended introductory book on educational testing for newbies with no background in either advanced math or statistics?
What books would gordon miller advice to read for business literacy?
Do you know of any books where the main character becomes bad?
Which is the best book that explains about light and heat energy in depth?
Is there any book for current affairs in the question and answer format for SSC CGL 2017?
Which is the best book for RMO?
Which book should I buy for CAT preparation?
How do I create an interest in non-fiction books?
Why are books written on the partition of India by Punjabis given more importance than books written by Bengali authors on the partition of Bengal?
What are the best books for stock investing for beginners? Can I invest in stock in other countries? What is penny stock?
What are the top 3 best books you have read?
Which is the best book on fluid mechanics for BARC interview preparation for chemical engineering?
What book should I use for CA final auditing? I prefer a book which has elaborate explanations and should not be in Q&A format.
What are some good scary, disturbing horror books to read?
What are some of the best novels that everyone should read once in their lifetime?
I'm a fan of Dan Brown and have also read books from Elif Shafak. Which book should I take up next?
What are some great books to read to figure out what I wanna do in life and how to succeed at that?
What is the best book to help and lead USA immigrants to a successful path?
What is the best math model book about the El Farol bar problem?
What's the most wonderful book you've ever read?
What are some good Islamic apologetic books?
Which books are best for preparation for an L&T interview?
If Quorans were like books, what books would they be?
Do you ever step back and realize that reading is essentially blobs of ink on paper but that we can take so much meaning from books and other texts?
Are there any good modern control books that have examples or a solution manual?
Which books should I use for preparation of NEET 2019?
What are some good books to learn about the Indian Armed Forces in detail?
Can you rate all RK Rajput books for mechanical engineering on a scale of 1 to 10 (for GATE & understanding purposes)?
What is the best book to prepare for 3-D geometry for the JEE?
What is a good book for a new entry in the Python world?
What can you tell us about your book?
Which books are great to read to help me reach success?
Which is the best Hindi (easy language) book for 2nd class or 1st class mining posts?
Which is the best book of DISCRETE Mathematics (CSE) for preparing GATE CSE?
What book is the best to use to crack the ESE exam?
What are the 5 books that have inspired Warren Buffett?
What security resources (books, blogs, courses, etc.) would you recommend?
Is it ok to study only the "Concepts of Physics" by HC Verma and not the NCERT book for class 12 board and AIPMT entrance?
Which reference books are best for informatics practices in class 11?
What are the best books on clean code, data structure, & algorithms? And what is the best way to improve my logic?
What are the best books for Java programming and Python? Is there a book that features everything, from beginner to advanced?
What are some of the books and videos I can refer to learn hacking? How much time does it take do so?
Is there any book that narrates the emotions of a person who sabotaged his own relationship, life?
Are there any technical books on artificial intelligence?
What are the best books or links for preparing for the financial management section of the BOI credit officer exam?
What are the best books for theory for the NSEJS for class 9 and class 10?
What reference books are best for IIT JEE preparation?
What is the math book for the CAT?
How accurate is the science in Stephen Baxter's book, The Time Ships?
What are some books that I can get for more knowledge in class 11 for an arts stream?
Which For Dummies book is best for advice on writing fiction?
What are some of the shortest popular light novels that were ever written?
Which NCERT books are important for the UPSC prelim?
What are some of the best books for every woman who just started her career?
Which book you should be preferred for CA final auditing?
Do teenagers have to read the world classics books in high school in your country? Which ones are "must-read"?
What is the best book to study Java?
What font will be good for book design?
Which non-academic fiction books would Awdhesh Singh suggest that are related to bureaucracy?
For the NEET 2018, which book should I study for biology, Aakash modules or the ALLEN DLP book after the NCERT?
What is a unique knowledge book in India?
Why do some people read a lot of books? How is that such an interesting hobby?
Which book should I study for aptitude exams?
What is the best book about ancient civilizations?
What are some of the best books/materials that can help me understand girls better?
Which are the best books to prepare for SNAP?
What book should I read to know about motorcycles and automobiles?
What are some good books to read for a highschool philosophy club?
What are the best novels I can read on my free time?
What books will be most useful to take with me to a CS professional open book exam (banking law and practice)?
What are some good books for Jews history and mythology?
Is there any book which contains real time incidents of great people which changed their prospective?
What are some great books or websites about nutrition and weight loss?
What is the number one book to use as a guide to success?
It is necessary to buy new books for preparing for the JEE Mains and Advanced?
What are the best books for geography as optional in IAS?
Do you read entire legal books in law school?
What is a good book, pre-1900s, to compare to The Road by Cormac McCarthy?
What are some good books to learn accounting and Indian laws for businesses and about Indian taxes?
Which books have you read more than 2 times?
Which book is good for physical chemistry for the JEE (topics like ionic eq. and thermodynamics)?
What is a good book for statistics for the data science people?
What are the names of a few good books for the IIT JAM in biological science?
What is your tween reading right now?
What is the best book on candlestick trading for the stock market?
Which are the recent good novels I can refer?
Which is the best book on philosophy for a beginner?
Which books should one read to improve English communication?
Which books should I prefer for BEL computer science?
What is a good objective book for chemistry for NEET?
Where can I find a free book to learn enough React Native to develop apps?
Which is the best book to clear the concept of mathematics for SSC CGL, RD Sharma or NCERT?
How do I read a lot of books with no time?
What are the best books for numerical analysis and linear programming?
What is the top must-read Islamic book?
I'm currently enrolled in a masters program of philosophy and would like to work on my logic skills. What activities/books would you suggest?
How do I know what is considered as dharma? Is there a specific book?
Which is the best online website or book for learning RTOS?
Which book should be used for the class 5 Olympiad?
What is the best book that can have an impact on our lives?
What book is needed for the CBSE applied art for class 12 (code 052)? Is there an NCERT book?
What are the 5 five books that everyone who is new to reading novels should read?
What chapters should be covered in the linear programming for mathematics optional from the Krishna series of books?
What are some good books on logical reasoning?
What are the best books for mathematics for class 12 students?
Which books do you recommend for aptitude problems asked at CA interviews?
What is the best book to test Python skills for beginners?
What are the very interesting novels based on history in Tamil?
Which books are good to learn Visual Basic Application?
What should a good econometrician be reading every week?
What are some good books, blogs, podcasts, or material to read if I want to learn the art of building a business in the automotive industry?
What are books that will make you see math in different perspective?
What are some of the books for GRE preparation?
Can I read competitive books on a Kindle?
What are the best romance books that would make you cry?
What are the most misogynistic books?
What are your favorite humorous passages from a self-help or how-to book?
Which is the best reference book for Robotics and mechatronics for ESE preparation?
What is the best book for theory of physics for JEE Mains and advanced?
Which books should I read to know more about the teachings of Swami Vivekananda?
What is the basic information required to understand quantum mechanics? Is there a book that teaches it?
What are some books that talk about the hard truth about life?
What are some books for an entrance exam on virology?
Could you recommend some books about rehabilitation?
What is the book’s name in the movie “MANAM” when Nagarjuna met with Samantha at the book shop?
What books on bipolar disorder have you found to be the best? I loved "An Unquiet Mind" by Kay Jamison and recommend it.
What are the best books on problem-solving in industries?
What are the business books to study if you can’t afford college?
What books would you suggest for a beginner like me?
Can you recommend some books about teaching English?
What's a good book to learn the "terms" used by penetration testers and what they do to further proceed on how to use them?
How does reading help me?
Which is the best book for the basic knowledge of stock market and IPO?
What are some good behavioural science books?
How do I prepare for the KVPY SX exam? What books should I follow? Should I take the mocks for the same?
Is it possible to win IBO by just reading biology books/watching videos without formal classes? If yes, what book and videos would you/they recommend?
Which book is the best for the IIT JAM physics preparation?
What are some good books that are basically autobiographies/biographies of successful marriages?
What is the first novel that got you interested in fiction?
What are the different text features in a book?
Which is the best book for the previous year’s solved papers of the GATE mechanical?
What are some effective books on how to control and rule people?
Which books should I read to prepare for the International Biology Olympiad?
What is the best book on Data Science and/or Predictive Analytics for a newbie in the field?
What are some best books available on Kindle for free?
What is a synopsis of the book "How I Became Stupid” by Martin Page?
Why do people sit with a pencil while reading a book?
What are your favourite lines from books or novels you have read?
Which is the best book I should read for learning life lessons and life experiences?
Which reference books are better for class 10?
Are there any great books that speak, specifically, on how not to be passive aggressive?
What are Agatha Christie’s books like?
What's the best book about public speaking?
Which book of economics should I prefer to solve previous years’ questions for CBSE?
Which are the best books on reasoning and financial awareness for promotional exams in banks?
Which are some books that a commerce graduate must read?
What are some good books for an absolute beginner in drawing and illustration?
Which is best English book to practice for CDS?
Which are the best novels for inspiration and motivation?
Which book is better for physics, D. C. Pandey or H. C. Verma?
What is the smartest way for preparing for Verbal Ability in CAT?
Which books reference more short-cut principles for the CGL Tier 1 aptitudes?
Which are the most reputable and important reference books for a CNC Machinist?
Which book is more preferable for an MT mechanical post at Vizag Steel Plant?
What are some books that one should read during the second year of an economics honours course at DU?
What should teen fiction novels contain?
What are some short and good law books to read?
Which book is better for inorganic chemistry - J. D. Lee or Prabhat Kumar?
What are some of the most useful reference book you ever came across?
Are there any books on operational management? I am looking for effective management for an electrical factory.
What book should be read by BE education major students?
What are some good books that are just on the Nazi Party (NSDAP)?
Which books should be preferred for the first semester of a BBA?
What are the top CGL entrance exam books?
Can I just start reading The Heroes of Olympus (The Lost Hero), without reading any other Percy Jackson book?
What book can one read to learn the meaning of narcissism?
Which kind of novels would you like to read and why?
What're Gordon Miller's top 5 favourite books?
What are the best medical thriller books to read?
Which is the best book for RRB?
What book should I buy for 12th physics?
Which books should I prefer for relations and functions?
What are the non-fiction books written by INTJs?
Which is the best book to learn C and C++ both starting from basic to advanced level?
Which is the best book for securing 95% in class 12th commerce?
What is a GATE question bank book for Civil with minimum errors?
What are the best books for HVAC design? What is the software that is used in HVAC problem solving?
Can any post photos of NCERT books (cover page) PCB? It looks silly but confused of NCERT books?
What are the best self-help books for beginners?
I want to start reading philosophy. Is Essays by Montaigne a good book to begin with?
What is the best novel for a script writer to read to learn how to write a novel?
What are some great children's books that adults can learn from?
What are some pointless books/movies?
Frederick Forsyth has never written about India in any of his books?
What books must be read for improving financial literacy?
How can I summarize the content of the book The Little Prince?
What is the book-keeping strategy in math or algorithm context?
Sometimes a book can be a "cure", is there any book that effectively solved some problem in your life?
Is there any good book to understand syntactic procedure for deriving semantic consequences?
Which book in manufacturing should I use for the preparation of GATE?
What books can help one to become more light-hearted?
Which book should I prefer for solving inequations for the JEE?
Do I have to buy books in the 1st semester at SRM KKR campus or do they provide all of the books?
Can I read Nancy Drew books for free?
What is the base for civil engineering code? Is that practically examined?
How can I learn faster and read a good book?
Is there any book that only contains sketching exercises?
What is the best book for a UP police computer operator?
Do you provide a guest book at your vacation rental? What are some more interesting ideas that aren't just a standard book?
How is energy absorbed by an atom? Is there a book/course which explains this whole concept?
Which physics theory book should I follow in order to solve IE Irodov?
Is reading the Lars Kepler books in order necessary?
For which book I should go for the preparation of Architecture aptitude test?
What is a good book about how to design maintainable programs and all the answers around why should I do one thing over another while programming?
What are the best books to learn about stock market in India?
What are some books that can help you in the future?
What book would you recommend for a continuation course in quantum mechanics?
Which book would you suggest if it's gonna be my first book to read?
What are the best books to read by a medical student apart from his subject?
Why don't I like to read books with dialogue?
Which books should I follow for CBSE class 11 in chemistry and physics if my concepts are weak?
What are some basic books that a finance background student should read?
Which are some good books to read on the topic of public health and policy?
What books should I read that will help me learn higher-level math?
Which and how many books do I have to read to get a good hold on solar energy?
Do you read more non-fiction books, or more fiction books?
Which book can I read to get unbiased insights of Naxalism?
What are your recommendations for books in the horror, suspense, and/or paranormal genres?
Which books are good for the APPSC Group 3 Mains?
Which books did Agam Jain read before moving to Delhi?
Which are the best novels written in Gujarati?
Which type of glass do I need to make some Prince Rupert’s Drops? Also, what are some good books about them or good internet pages?
What books do you recommend to learn more about economics?
Are there any books for adults who used to be bullied/excluded as children?
Which is the best book for mathematics CBSE class 11?
Why don't I like books with dialogue?
Which are the best inspirational books to study while pursuing BBA?
What is the best Mathematics book for entrance preparation?
What are some books a 14 year old should read?
What are the standard books of mathematics and science for 9th standard?
From which book should I prepare for elementary astronomy for the National Standard Examination in astronomy (NSEA-XII)?
Which are the best standard books for preparation for the GATE for mechanical?
Which book is best for biology 12 CBSE board exams?
What are life-changing books out there with regards to becoming a financial success?
Which is the best book to study switching theory and logic design?
Which is the oldest book on parapsychology?
What are some recommendations for some good books on psychology for someone not having psychology as a major?
Which is the best JEE book for chemistry (NCERT) for 11th and 12th?
What is the best book to learn hacking for the students of grade: 9 - 10?
What are the books to be referred to for the Political Science optional subject of UPSC, and what are lectures to be watched?
What are the best reference books for professional knowledge on which we can rely fully to prepare for (IBPS) IT officer exam?
Which is the best book to learn stock marketing for begineers?
What are some appropriate alien books for a 12 y/o?
What are some good Indian fiction novels about love?
Which books should I study for NEET 2018?
What is the most comprehensive book on animals of California?
What are maths books for the JEE apart from NCERT and Exemplar? What are the best books for particular portions and what are the best complete books for the JEE (both exams)?
Which book should I refer for ITSM (IPCC)?
Do you think it's good to track books you've read?
Which are the best books to learn computer languages?
Are there any good books to help with a restaurant setup?
What books should I read to get into BUET?
Which book is best for learning SOP?
What is the best book to learn Spring?
Which is the best book for basic knowledge of stock market and IPO ?
How can I improve my English spelling and reading skills as a new learner?
Which is the best book for the JEE which explains all of the concepts in easy language, and has short trick formulas and the best numericals?
What are some of the useful magazines and interesting books on international relations that Rahul Shrivastava would recommend?
Which book is best for the preparation of maths, English and general study for NDA?
What is the best book for non-conventional energy sources from an ESE point of view?
How do I pass the IELTS, and which books would help me to do so?
Which newspapers and books should I use for my GRE and CAT preparation?
Which study material can cover the general awareness part of the SSC CGL?
What is the best reference book for bio in class 11 for AIIMS?
Which is the best book from the list below for computer science students?
What are some best biographies/autobiographies?
What are the best books for the 2018 UPPSC?
What books do I read to understand the OTC market?
Is MTG’s NEET guide for chemistry a good book for chemistry preparation?
Which book is good for DSSSB preparation?
Which book is better for biology in the class 12 boards exam?
What's a good series of science books?
What are the reference books to crack the design aptitude test for an IIT?
Which is better, reading two books or reading a book twice?
How do I read what I don't like?
Which book is better for MBBS ophthalmology, Parson or Khurana?
If you could own/read only one book about programming/CS, what would it be?
What are the basic books which are sufficient for aptitude and mental ability in competitive exams?
What is the best book for data structures through C?
What is the best novel to read as a teenager?
What is the best website or book to be updated about recent entrepreneurial trends?
What is the best book on quantum mechanics for a beginner with very little background in calculus?
What books do you recommend if I am willing to start a tech based startup?
What are the best novels and Knowledge books you would recommend for?
Am I learning C the right way? Also, what are the best resources/books to get a better insight into the system's hardware and software interaction?
What are the best known children's books in the world (written in any language)?
Which book should I refer for doing the JEE Mains and Advanced Physics?
What is the best book for learning Ionic 3?
Where can I buy a book that is out of print?
What are the best books for learning about chest X-rays?
What is the best Christian book for overcoming doubt and worry?
What is a good political non-bias book for teens that want to learn about an issue?
Which books should we choose for BITS, and when should we start?
What book did Kakashi read after he killed Rin?
How is Inamdar for GPAT preparation? Is it a good book to prefer?
What are some theory books for physics & chemistry to prepare for the NEET?
What book should I use to learn hacking?
Can you suggest me some good non-fiction science books to read? I am reading Cosmos by Carl Sagan and finding it fascinating.
What are some good books for JEE Chemistry namely Organic and Inorganic?
How can we get used books online?
What are the most unmissable books?
What book should I use in preparation for the DT CA final exam?
What is a black book?
Which is the best portal for ordering books?
What books should I read to have a deep understanding of how OTC securities are built?
Which are the good books to practice for MNC aptitude tests?
What does it mean to be following the heart, as mentioned in the book "The Alchemist"?
Has anyone here taken ASRB Mains in agriculture biotechnology? If yes, what are some important books and topics other aspirants should look to?
What type of books should I read if I am 18?
Which is the best book to prepare for logical reasoning, through self-study, for the CAT?
Which book is best for cbsce physics 12 class for numericals alone?
When is the next edition of Nishit K. Sinha's CAT books coming out for the CAT 2018?
For Flat World Knowledge books, can a solution manual be accessed when self-studying?
Which is the best book or way to understand the equivalent concept?
What is the revolution of the book?
Are there any good, free, science and theories related books on Kindle like the theory of relativity?
What are some good books on Roman law?
I'm a new reader but I don't know what genre I'm into. What should I read?
What are some dark sides of self-help books?
Should we study exact words as written in the book or should we study the concepts in our own words?
Where can I get famous Telugu novels or books for negligible rates?
What is the best book to learn Java for beginners?
What do you think of the book The Information: A History, A Theory, A Flood written by James Gleick?
What are some of the must read papers on Amyloidosis?
Could someone suggest me some good websites for downloading e-books or PDFs?
Which is the best book to read before becoming 20?
How do you format action novels?
How and when should I read a book of poems?
Which books are reliable for the JEE Main preparation (not necessarily for Advanced as well)?
What books should one buy for clearing GATE CS 2018?
What are the best books for IIT JEE preparation by IITians?
What is the best physics book for class 12 for clearing concept?
What are the best introductory books for the category of theory?
What is the best book for start relativity?
Which one maths foreign books which helps to build up concept on IIT level?
What are some fiction books about serial killers?
What books should I read before visiting China?
How do books contribute to the success of a lawyer?
What are good clean mangas and books to read?
Where can I do the most difficult problems of the ECE subjects? What would be a list of books or sources?
Do you know any books about how to write good-quality fiction (fantasy)?
How large of a role did reading play in Gordon Miller’s path to success?
Which is the best book and way to gain the basic knowledge for an IPO in India?
What are some really good sci-fi books?
What is the best physical python books?
What is the one book you will never read to your gifted child and why?
What is the best book or source for theories of international relations?
What are some of the best must read suspense fiction books?
What are the best movies and books set in Paris during the Belle Époque?
How do you revise bulky books?
What are the best books to increase my skills in Finance?
What are the themes of the novel "The Metamorphosis of Prime Intellect" by Roger Williams?
What is the best book for SSC CGL English preparation?
What are books, podcasts, magazines, websites, industry leaders, articles, and research within Management Consulting to gain in-depth insight?
What resources or books are sufficient or should be read for NEET preparation in Hindi?
What are the best skills I should learn?
Why don’t people and students like textbooks?
Which book is good for calculus in BITSAT?
What are some good and tough books for IIT JEE preparation?
How do I start studies in class 11 (for commerce students)? What are the best books to start studying?
Which book should I buy for the CAT exam?
Which problem books do you recommend for IPhO? Is the one of 'Igor Irodov' well enough?
What are some books that every man needs to read?
What is the best site to read a book's critiques?
What is the best book on how to teach science to children ever written?
So I have a couple of books that I have read and don't intend on reading them again, is there any website where I can sell used books in India?
What are the best photogrammetry books?
Why do I get sleepy when I read a book?
Which is a good iOS app for reading any books online?
Could anyone suggest a book to practice modulus and wavy curve forms?
Which is the best book to study physical chemistry?
How should I find out if I like computer science vs math? Can you suggest any books?
Which are best books for mechanical engineering 1st semester?
Your home is going up in flames. You can only save one book. What book do you take with you?
How often do you get books you want to read at cheaper rate in India?
What book about databases was written by C.J. Date?
What books can I read to take my life and self less seriously?
What’s a good resource for understanding relations in data structures & discrete math?
What book is currently on your reading list this week?
What is the best book or resource for learning the process of going from a product prototype to manufacturing?
Which are the best books to gain insights into mechanical engineering?
What are some of the best books lines?
What are some love story novels with sad endings?
What are other good books like The Lovely Bones by Alice Sebold?
What would you like to know about India? If it came as a book form, what would be the title?
Which book should I go for understanding the basics of Psycholinguistic? (I have no background in psychology & preparing it fr PhD entrance exam)
Is there any difference between the newer edition Barron physics, chemistry, and math books and the 9th and 8th editions?
What is the best book on maths literature?
What is the book “The Secret” written about?
What are good reference books for the CAPF exam?
What are some of the best books to study for the M.Sc microbiology entrance exam?
What are some books that can read in free time for maths student?
Where can I find motion study material in PDFs or secondhand books?
What are the best books on mathematical logic for beginners? And is there an online resource that teaches you the reasoning behind procedures?
What will change in me if I start reading books?
Which site or book should I read to learn about exploits?
(Spoilers welcome) Who are some narcissistic characters in literary fiction? Specifically cite detailed examples and titles of books.
What are the useful links for AKTU syllabus and books?
Which book is best to get more a intuitive sense of trigonometry (considering the JEE Advanced)?
What are the new good Indian novels to read currently?
Are Cengage physics books (Advanced series) enough to crack INPHO?
Ravindra Ravula sir, could you suggest some good autobiography books that you read and felt were worthwhile? I want to keep motivated while preparing for the GATE.
Which is the best book for Oracle SCM?
Where can I sell old novels in Pune?
Is Errorless a good book to start in class 11 for the JEE Main and Advanced? What is the best book for PCM to start preparation?
How do I prepare for the JEE Main, and what are some good books for doing so?
How can you read Harry Potter books without paying a penny?
What are some best books to study electronics engineering?
What kinds of Indian books do you like to read in terms of genre? Does India have a great fictional fantasy book?
What is a good book on western classical music for a novice ?
What are your favorite Suspense / Romantic novels of the last ten years?
Are there any books related to human psychology, specifically describing why humans behave a certain way?
What are some books regarding marketing for Beginners?
If you could recommend one great business/entrepreneurial book, what would it be?
Which is the best book for physics for IIT?
What are the best book publishing agencies in 2017?
Which are the best books written by Indian authors on programming language 'C'?
Are there any book recommendations about Sukarno?
Which book is good for learning about Alexander the Great?
What are the best books for solving problems in Python?
What are the best books for the study of the MSC virology entrance exam?
Can I get Electronic Devices and Circuits – T.F. Bogart Jr., J.S.Beasley and G.Rico book online?
What would your personality be like if you had never read a book in your life?
Which book should I follow to clear the NSEB?
What are the fundamental books on behavioral psychology?
Which is the best book for the RIMC exam?
Which book should I use to prepare for the Vizag steel management trainee exam in the metallurgy stream?
What are some illustrated encyclopedia about fantasy and folklore that reads like a D&D Monster Compendium?
What is the best book for developing concepts in mathematics?
Is the book Jd Lee worth buying?
Do we have to learn the entire book in 9th grade?
In which library in Jodhpur can I read many novels?
What are the best books to start preparing for civil services for beginners?
What are the best novels with science fiction and humor?
Which is the best direct and indirect tax book which will help me in concept-building and, at the same time, is exam-oriented also?
What's the best books to read if I am a civil engineer?
Which is the best book for theory for NSEJS class 10?
What are some good books for bridge analysis and design?
What would be good book to introduce a toddler to the Bengali language?
What are your personal top 10 dystopian books?
Which book should I refer to to make my organic chemistry knowledge strong both for the JEE Advanced and for scoring 100% in class 12?
When is Jess Walter coming out with a new book?
What are J. Krishnamurti’s famous books’ names?
Which is the best fiction novel to read with a dramatic suspense?
What is the list of books/study guides do you think is essential in order to progress from Beginner (A1) to Intermediate (B2) French?
Should I read other books beside Computer Graphics Principle and Practice?
What are some fictional novels about the Russian mafia?
What books should I read in high school to help me get into college?
Which is the best source to read Shiva Purana in English?
What are the books, songs, poems, biographies, PDF you think can turn me from 'I don't want anything (even if I am fully capable)" to " Yeah! I'll do it"?
What's the best book to learn about operating systems at high-level function?
Which is the best refrence book for class 11 physics if the aim is not to clear any competition and just to gain marks in 11th exams?
What are the selected chapters from the book, Ramesh Singh, according to Israel Jebasingh for the UPSC?
As a student, which Veda should I read?
What are the best illustrated topics from the various JEE books and how can you self-study from these books?
What book is a good one to study the Legendre transformation from the very beginning?
Which books should I refer to for inorganic chemistry (BITSAT)?
What books are similar to The Forty Rules of Love, which teaches you something about life, love and discovering oneself?
What should I read in order to understand Swedenborg and his influence on Blake?
What was the Vietnam War like for Communist soldiers? Are there any sources or books you could recommend?
What is the best novel for a school student?
Which books should I refer to for AMIE section B mechanical engineering?
Which are the best psychological thriller novels, worth your time?
Where I can get the class 12th solutions of the DK Goel Accountancy book?
Are there any books that will help me to talk and think like a lawyer?
What are some free online books to read?
If you describe yourself as an avid reader, how many books do you read in any time unit?
What are some good books on European ideas?
What are the best texts/books for learning CS with Python?
What is the best physics text book for high school?
What is a good book on Computational neuroscience for the layperson?
Is there any book for machine learning in pharmaceutical chemistry?
What l should do at my graduation level for my best career?
How is the US portrayed in the history books of your country?
What are the best ways to learn new topics for engineering students? Listening to lectures or reading books?
Which are some best books to know more about space?
Can you show your collection of books for the JEE preparation?
Which websites contain the most in-depth book reviews?
What are the best 'worked example' coding text books for all languages?
Is there any need to study extra books, like Pardeeps and Modern, for year droppers to crack the NEET?
Is there any fictional and non-fictional book reading app?
Which books should I use for NEET preparation And what startgery should I follow in summer vacations? I am in class 11th.
What would a history book about 2017 look like?
I got a science fiction book, where can I get it edited and published?
What kinds of books have a lot of firefights and stuff like that in them?
What are the most powerful books for self-development?
How can I collect research for a book?
Should Indian kids read books written by British authors only?
What are the best books to prepare for the IBPS examination?
What is the best book for studying quantum physics from scratch?
How should I start economics for CSE? Should I read the book or just go through the Unacademy NCERT economics summary?
What book most impacted your life after first reading it in your thirties?
What is a new book on church planting?
What is the most preferred book for Bill Gates except for "Business adventure"?
How do I get motivated to read more books as a teenager and get smarter?
Is K.N.Sharma a good book for ISC Class XI and XII?
What is a good book with a fictional/nonfictional narrative to it?
What is the best book for competitive exams for agricultural stream?
What are the best Indian books?
What are some good fictional or non-fictional philosophical novels about life, relationships, and human nature?
What are some good books that teach you how to deal with different types of people?
How can I learn everything I can, read more books and absorb more material?
What are the good books that I should go for to become a statistician?
Which book store in Patna is best for buying Cengage books?
What are the extra books to read and understand to pass the JEE Advanced?
What books should I read to get a full scope of math, from the very basics up to calculus? (It’s fine if the books are in volumes.)
Which Leo Tolstoy book did I read?
Have you read both of these books, Logic & Computer Design Fundamentals and Computer Architecture: a Quantitative Approach? Which book is better?
Why does every dyslexic protagonist in a book are always male?
What are the top 10 books a 20 year old should read?
How do I start with random topics or reading a book in one go for public administration? Without proper guidance, how do I start preparing this optional?
What kind of book should I read after clearing CAT for an interview?
Which books should one read and practise from for NEET, primarily for an AFMC aspirant?
Which physics book is the best for class 10th?
Which is the best book for SSC CGL 2017 tier 1?
Is there any book for beginners to understand basic human psychology?
Which is best book on quantum mechanics for a student studying in class 10 which explains both basic and complex information?
Which book is better for the JEE Main for chemistry, MTG or Universal Self-Scorer Errorless?
What books should I read to start an apparel line?
Is ISC Mathematics by Gupta and Bansal (Sultan Chand Publishing) a good mathematics book for IIT?
Which book is best on pulse diagnosis (नाड़ी परीक्षा) in Hindi?
What transformation did the book Awaken the Giant Within by Anthony Robbins bring in your life?
What book has helped you multiple times in your student life?
What are the names of some good books for increasing the perspective required for the UPSC?
What is the best way to study a book?
Which book should I use for the IGNOU M.Com exams?
What are the best books for preparing for the 2018 GATE for mechanical engineering?
Is the writer Salman Rushdie anti-Muslim?
Which books should one read in high school to get a deep knowledge of cosmology?
Are there any good books for total beginners in machine learning?
How do I avoid drowsiness while reading a literature book?
Is the book Computer Science Distilled good for people who want to learn computer science on their own? If not, what are some of the recommended books?
How do I start preparing for shorthand at home and gain 100 wpm speed for the SSC stenographer exam? Please recommend books, tips, etc.
What other books on OOAD include real-world case studies, besides “Object-Oriented Analysis and Design with Applications”?
How can I prepare for the FCI exam and what books do I have to read?
Which is the best maths book of class 8?
What are the best books for JEE aspirants in class 11?
What is the best book for Abstract Algebra in hons. level?
What are the best Books for Institutional economics?
Which is the best book to read on Rumi’s love poems?
Which books are preferable for an MT electrical post at a Vizag Steel plant?
Which books should I buy to prepare for NTSE?
Which book is best for B Pharma study?
What books should I prefer for the GATE in the Metallurgical branch?
What are some recommendations for good books on psychology for any person not having psychology as a major?
What books can one read to understand more about ancient Indian science and mathematics?
What books do doctors enjoy reading?
What are the best books for PCMB group 12?
Which book is good for coordination compounds in chemistry for the JEE?
Which book is best for English comprehension, grammar and vocabulary?
Which book is good on the working of GPS for beginners?
Which are the best books on the history of Indian in English literature?
Which is the best children's book you have ever read in your native language?
What genre of books should I read to become a smart, tactful, and manipulative woman?
Which edition should I purchase of Solomon and Fryhle?
Where can I get some good online material on automobile parts and it's working, worth reading during summer?
Which books are the best to read about the challenges of life?
What book has complete information on film making?
What is the best book in design and analysis of algorithm?
In which book shop in Ranchi can I find Shubhash Dey's Business Studies book for Class 12?
Who has read a book authored by Andrus K Tebecis, PhD?
What is the sense in reading books if you later forget about most of them?
Which English books do you recommend for expanding my vocabulary with rare words?
Which is the best book for sales training?
What are the best books for a college student to read before going into enterprise software sales?
Why doesn't the Deep Learning Book reference any of Leslie Valiant's work?
Does Takshshila have any books for the CAT exam?
What is the best book for understanding remittances?
Which book should I buy in class 11 for chemistry?
What are the best mystery/thriller or horror book that you would suggest a 12 year old girl?
What is the best book for antenna theory as a part to be studied for the GATE 2018?
If you could erase one book series from ever being written, which would you choose and why?
What are some Adventurous novels every teenager must read?
What are the age ranges for children's books?
What's the best book to introduce me to philosophy?
Which is the best PCM books for class11?
What are the best book materials and current affairs magazines for the preparation for the Karnataka Administrative Service (KAS) exam?
What is the best book for class X for the UPSTSE exam?
What are the best books to learn EEE basics?
What are the important books for cat preparation?
Is there a word for the fear that one won't get to read all the books one would like to in a lifetime?
What is an online book for complete information about mutual funds?
If I took a specific book to the US, would it be confiscated?
What is a good book for theory for chemistry for JEE Main and Advanced?
What's a good book on neural nets and the like for someone not intimidated by (actually wants) math in the exposition?
What are some recommendations for some psychological books about understanding emotions?
Which books can I refer to for the KVPY-SA?
What are good books for telling me everything that my parents never taught me?
Can you suggest some good books for learning and speaking fluent English?
Should I buy old NCERT or new NCERT books for the basics?
Is the Pearson book for chemistry useful?
What books should I prefer for programming and coding? I am done with all my UG entrance exams but last time studied computers in class 8th.
What are the top books for leading remote teams?
What is the best spectroscopy book for Physical Chemistry?
How can we study if we are not having books?
What would be the best book or set of books for advance British English covering every part with voice and accent practice that is not boring?
What is the best book that can give you deep insight about hospitality and hospitality industry?
What are the best futurist book to boost creativity?
What are the best physical chemistry textbooks for IITs?
What books should I read on ancient battle strategy and tactics?
What is the best book for machine learning applications?
What are the best books for number theory and geometry?
Which books are required reading for mechanical for the GATE?
What are your favorite humorous passages from a science article or book?
Which book should I refer to gain the basic knowledge about networking?
What are the attributes of a wise person? What books should I read in order to expand my mind?
Where do I buy books for 11th grade?
What is the best book for information technology if I am a beginner?
Which Indian science book should I read?
Are there good book treatment examples?
What are some must-read books for a 17-year-old who wants to be an entrepreneur?
What are some good preparation books for VITEEE?
Which book is best for preparation of IIT for class 11 students?
What will inspire you to recommend a book?
What are the best CSIR life sciences books to prepare to crack the exam by 100%?
What are the books available on amazon.com for beginners to learn System Designs?
What are the settings of the novel "The Metamorphosis of Prime Intellect" by Roger Williams?
Which are the best books for basic aerospace engineering?
Which books should I read for the CAT exam preparation?
What are the best books to learn technical aspects of screenwriting?
What are the differences between the old edition and new edition of IIT JEE books?
Can you suggest few English novels that portray psycho-sexual disorders?
Which book should I buy to prepare for AIEEE?
How much time should 2 paragraphs cover in my book?
I got a science fiction book, where can I get it edited and published?
What is a good book about the Eastern Front in WWI?
Which is the best book for the SBI PO Descriptive Paper?
What is the complete list of books one needs to read to clear UPSC with Political Science as an optional?
Which mouth organ is best for beginners?
What is the best book that explores the big 5 personality traits of human behavior?
What are the best agricultural books?
Which are the best books for a 11 -12 th class student to prepare for SAT?
What are some good books on advanced Graphology?
What are good books to learn about magnetic materials?
Where can I read about latest tax laws?
What is the best books for engineering concepts?
What are some good books for someone getting out of Young Adult novels?
Is reading non-fiction books with strong underlying lessons and morals an effective​ way to learn the first principles method of learning?
Where can I find a list of books with archaic language?
Which book should I use for NEET: Pradeep or USS?
Would you ever recommend "The Book Thief" by Markus Zusak to any one of your friends? Why?
What is a really good book for Java and data structure, as a beginner?
According to you, what are the ten books which are "must read" books?
Can I get Yandamoori’s books?
What are some must read books according to Aviral Bhatnagar?
Which books will help me for the IAS preparations?
Which books are the best for preparation for the Bank of India credit officer exam 2017?
Are there any good books on the Bloods (especially the East Coast UBN/United Blood Nation)?
Which is the best book on energetics (physics)?
What is the best Darood Sharif which defines everything about Muhammad (saw)?
What book should I buy for Class 10?
What are some books everyone should read in life?
Which are the best reference books for class 11 CBSE science (physics, chemistry and biology)?
What is the best book and MOOCs to understand digital marketing and blogging?
Is it okay for a student to read multiple computer science books simultaneously?
What are the best books about microbiology for the first year of an MBBS course?
Where can I find books/documents on Orange Data Mining?
Which books can I download for free in order to prepare for the general awareness part of the SSC CGL?
Why is the majority of old books or novels only about noble people?
What are the best books for learning about finance?
Where can I find fiction novels at a cheaper rate in Delhi?
Which are the best books of American literature for NET?
What books should I refer to for the NET exam, Paper 1?
Which is the best book for bank PO descriptive paper preparation?
What are some books that teach understanding of body language and different personalities?
What are some of the best books available in PDF format for learning Java? Can you give the links?
Which books of fiction couldn't have been written without World War 2?
Which book is best for the preparation of particular subjects, like Mathematics, English, and general studies, for the NDA/NA exam?
Where can I find books, movies, and plays?
Which books are best to prepare for the 2017 Bank of India credit officer exam?
What is your review of the book The Most Beautiful: My Life with Prince written by Prince’s first wife Mayte Garcia?
Which are the best books for the SSC CGLE exam preparation?
What kind of books are used for a book fair?
What kind of book should I read to improve my confidence?
How do you determine the kinds of books to use as reference in your research?
In a bag, there are 5 green books, 5 red books and 5 blue books. In how many ways can we fill 3 vacant places with these 15 books?
What is a good book or resource for studying the history of special relativity?
What are the best books from which I can learn how to use the subconscious mind for achieving goals?
Which is the best book for preparation for the BHU entrance exam for an MBA agribusiness management?
I have not read any novel till now, which novel should I read?
What are the best books/study aids to help interlink medical subjects?
Which are Awdesh Singh's favorite books?
Which are the best reference books for IIT preparation in class 11?
What 3-5 biographies would you suggest to have a competent understanding of US history?
What books should I refer to for the KAS exam? If I'm studying without outside coaching, how should I study?
What book should we read for govt exams preparation?
What are some good online learning materials/books to study about warehousing and logistics in general or that are specific to Europe?
Which books should I read to make myself fluent in English?
Which is the best book for share market study and investment?
Which types of books can be read after a breakup?
What books should I read for medical PG entrance examinations?
What does “vintage” written on a book cover mean?
Which is the best book for beginners to learn about SAP FICO ?
What is the best reference book for the IES 2017 for mechanical engineering?
Can you recommend good reference sources for the subject of global trends in mobile education?
Which book is good for TV & radar engineering?
Where can I best read books?
How can books like The Prince and The Art of War help me be a better manager/entrepreneur?
What are some interesting books to read on economics?
How should I prepare for law and audits? Should I learn exactly the same language in books, or else can I use my own?
Is there any book about the relationship between music and math?
What are some good books on learning Mandarin for absolute beginners?
What kind of book or series could help stigma associated with suicide?
What are some good book recommendations for Peace and Conflict studies?
What are the best books about free time management?
What are some of the best chemistry books that I should refer for my IIT JEE preparation for all the three sections (physical, organic and inorganic)?
What are the best books for class 9 maths and science?
What are the books to read for preparing PCSJ exams?
What are some random good books?
Which books can I read to get *UNBAISED* insights of Naxalism in India?
Could anybody show me a sample of a book report?
What are the books that contain the secrets of the universe, regarding how to get wealthy?
Which is the best book shop for selling used books in Chennai?
When I'm reading a book or watching a series, is it normal to stress all the time about when I'll finish it?
If you could only own one book about computer science/programming, what would it be?
Can I study from just my institution’s books for Class 11, Narayana?
Which books should I prefer for metric spaces and complex analysis?
What books should one refer to for the MS exam in IIT Kharagpur (CSE)? It has Discrete Maths, digital logic and programming
What are the best books on Aryans?
What is the best book for the JEE for heat and thermodynamics?
Which 10-20 nonfiction books should one read to become a truly educated person?
Which is a great book about couple's communication?
How do you retain the best takeaways from your favourite books? Are there any hacks for doing so?
Which are the must-read books on hacking?
How can people get the most out of the self-help books they read?
How can I purchase a collection of books within several genres cheaply and have them shipped to Nigeria?
Any good book recommendations for teenagers?
Is there any difference in the RD Sharma class 11 book for ISC and CBSE?
Which Indian novels and books have got an international recognition and are actually interesting to read?
How do I prepare for the SSC JE electrical, and which books should I follow?
What books are needed for NEET medical?
Why is 1984 such a good book?
Which are some of the best books for PCM and computer for preparing for JEE Main?
Should I self-study German with an app or with a grammar book?
What are some of the best fiction books of all time?
What are the best books for CLAT prep?
Which books has a similar heroine like Susannah Simon (The Mediator)?
What is the best math storybook for a 6-year-old kid?
What can I do if I am interested in selling books?
What kinds of books about humanity should one read in his/her lifetime?
What suggestions would you give to someone who is trying to write a book?
Which book should I buy for algebra? I have completed Cengage algebra and I'm looking forward to good and challenging problems.
Which is the best electrical engineering book for sophomore undergraduates?
What are the best English novels to start with as a beginner?
Which is the best book to refer for KMAT and PGCET for MBA?
Which book should we prefer for physics in class 11?
How should I start if I want to build my own (private) library?
What are some great books related to ecology and the environment?
How often does Gordon Miller read books?
Can you suggest some good books on Lord Shiva?
Which book is better to achieve a good rank in Karnataka PGCET mechanical engineering?
What are the best books and/or magazines in finance and economics that a newbie should read?
What is the best reference book for class 9?
Which books are recommended for the ADC preliminary exam?
Which book is best on Indian Polity, which covers knowledge from basic to last?
Which book is best for the preparation of the BHU B.Sc. Maths level?
What is the most advanced sacred book in terms of approaching a meaningful understanding of ethics and the deep nature of reality?
Which are the interesting books for beginners?
What are the names of some good books for IES preparation?
What are the books that are the must reads for a first-time startup founder?
Who are the best book writers whose names are even heard today?
Which books are best for learning concepts from scratch for IIT-JEE preparation? I’m a class 11th student.
What is the best & favourite book you have read?
Which is the best library for renting psychology or advertising books in Mumbai?
Which reference book is best for class 9th to become a topper?
Which one is the best C programming book for the intermediate level?
What are some good nonfiction books (science-related preferable)?
How do I fill out an industrial training log book?
What are the best books which influenced your life and will recommend to your readers?
What are some books that one can read during pre-MBA period which helps them for MBA?
Which books or sites should I refer to to increase my knowledge about Number Theory (I know the basics)?
What are the books for studying international relations for competitive exams?
What are some good books with romance an adult in their early 20's would enjoy?
Which book should I prefer for the 10th CBSE in maths?
Which are the most appropriate books/materials for the sociology optional?
Which is the best book for the IIT JEE 2019 physics and mathematics theory parts?
What books are best for PCB for practicing objective-type questions for NEET 2018?
Which books youth of India is reading as of 2017?
What is the shortest time you finished reading a computer science related book like reading it as a novel, and grasped the concepts?
What should I do if my university bills me for books I didn’t take?
What are the best books for practicing PCM for JEE Mains and Advanced from basic to hard problems?
What are the best inspiration and public speaking books to read?
What are the best leftist books you came across?
What is the best book of maths for IIT preparation?
What books should a business-minded person read?
Can you recommend any affordable nature resorts where I can get lost and finish my book, preferably with a grand view away from civilization?
Has anyone read the book "Brain Droppings" by George Carlin? What are your views about it?
What (non best seller) books influenced you the most and why?
Which book is best for concept clearing in Maths for BITSAT?
What are the best books for cracking Gate ECE and CAT?
What is the most important book of the 21st century?
What are books that teach on how to make money?
What are the best books about discipline?
Is a reference book necessary for class 10 CBSE (2018 batch)?
Which book is the best for circuit analysis exam preparation for an EEE first year student?
What is the best book for essay writing in UPSC Mains? I am doing self study.
What are some of the best lines ever written in any novel?
Do I need to read the first 13 books before starting with '14th Deadly Sin' by James Patterson?
Which is best book for mathematics class 10 CBSE?
What books would you recommend someone who wants to learn the philosophy in Hinduism?
Is there any book to understand framing of conversation or arguments to our favor?
Are there any good books which discuss the transitions in health and social care?
What are some good books on business ideation, innovation and creativity?
Is there a basic, unbiased book on economics you recommend?
What fiction do you recommend I read? (Check description.)
What are the best Finance and stock books for a 17y old?
Can you give me some links to objective books on physics, chemistry and biology for NEET preparation?
How do I prepare for SNUSAT? And are there recommended books for it?
What would the best book to read by people in their early 20s be?
Which is the best book for preparation of the GATE exam? When should I start preparing as I am currently in my 4th semester?It branch
What is better, books or Quora?
Which book is better for chemistry class 10: Viraf Dalal or Together With?
Which book is better MTG or Trueman?
What kind of book would you like to read on your leisure time?
What books would you suggest for a student of PCB aiming for the AIIMS and currently promoted in class 11 CBSE?
Can I really live out my fantasies like I've read about in fiction novels and seen in pornographic films?
What is the best book for a beginner to learn Java in 2017? Will the older books like “Head First Java” help in learning the latest version of Java?
What books would you recommend for an "Intermediate" student of business?
What is the best physics book for IGCSE 2017 in May/June?
Where are the best places to scrape metadata about popular fiction books?
What are your top 10 books/movies/games/songs this year?
Except for ficseek.com, what site is recommended for searching for free books?
I want to give PGCET exam this year, which book should I prefer for preparation?
Which of Norman Lewis’ publications is better, Goyal or Penguin India?
I'm researching on Mata Hari's tactics as a spy. What books and references can you recommend?
For the chemistry MCQ (JEE), what type of book should I use?
How many English books are there in the world?
Have you ever read any book more than 5 times?
What are the must-read texts in Philosopy of Language?
What books are good to read after finishing the Harry Potter series?
What are some books that are in favor of the political, and philosophical ideology of fascism? As well as the failures of other political systems.
Which book of Physics is best for the preparation of JEE Advanced?
Are there any serious scientific websites / books I may read about veganism?
Can you name an appropriate book for practising wavy curves and modulus?
What is the best reasoning book for SSC bank exam etc.?
Can I get any one book of Bankim Chandra Chatterji in Tamil?
Which website & book are best for general knowledge?
Which books do you recommend to read while travelling around Europe?
What are good books or websites to prepare for the RBI grade B 2017? I’m a banker, so I hardly get a few hours to study, so I need good content related to the exam.
If you could own or read only one book about CS or programming, what would it be?
Which are the books to read or online courses to do if I want to invest in the stock market (I'm a noob)?
Is Neeraj a good book for an M.Com?
Which is the best book that is much more innovative and increases our creativity, logic and other mental development?
What are the best Asian books of all time?
Which is the best book to study chemistry from?
How can I be an IAS officer, and what are the best books for preparation?
Which book should I prefer for BITSAT maths, RD Sharma or A Das Gupta?
What class is good for NET mathematics preparation? Or how can I pass the exam by studying by myself? What are the best books?
Do the NCERT books need to be changed?
In today’s busy life, when do you read books?
Which is the best book to learn about calculus which is required to start learning quantum mechanics?
How good are books like E. Balagurusamy’s to actually prepare you for the real world?
What topics do you want to cover in the Jenkins book that has a targeted audience of beginners and intermediate level?
How useful will it be to read the book of Einstein 'The World as I See It'?
What are the names of some good mystery novels?
What is the average ratio between reviews written and the number of books purchased?
Which book is better for RIE CEE?
What would you like to know about China? If it were in book form, what would the title be?
Why do people count the books they've read (as in a book challenge)? Why does that number matter?
Are side books important for class 11th?
What are some good books about Camelot that can be read as myths (like the Odyssey)?
How good is the book from RK Rajput?
Which are best Urdu and Hindi shayari books and writers I should read?
Which is the best reference book for chemistry for the NCERT board and NEET too?
What are some interesting, easily available, books in Polish language?
What is the best book, CA IPCC Costing and FM, or is Paduka better?
What's the most important thing you've learned from a children's book?
What is the scope of books like Harry Potter in India? Do you think Indian readers will accept this type of book if it is written by an Indian author?
What are all the best self help books to improve​ self-confidence​?
Does reading books impact our psychology? Why do negative books impact us negatively and positive books impact us positively?
What are the best novels for a college student in fiction?
Which books do you recommend 20-year-olds to read before they reach 30?
What books should I study for IELTS all sections to score approximately 8+ band score?
What are some of the best teen fiction novels?
Do you buy (non-fiction) books or visit a bookstore?
Which is the best book to learn game programming as beginner?
What are some great Indian historical books (or novels)?
How many books besides the new book "Wake Up American" tells of a Hillary Clinton presidency if she were elected?
Name the book which is helpful for computer science student after finishing 12th?
Which book should be preferred for physics to understand NCERT?
Punjabi is my mother tongue. Has anyone taken Punjabi as a compulsory language exam in the UPSC? What is it like, and which books should I study?
What book could be used for the statistical probability part in the actuary entrance exam (ACET)?
What's the latest book for PHP which involves the latest features and techniques for an intermediate developer?
Is the book Design of Transmission Systems by Jayakumar good to refer to for actual design practices or only for exams?
What books are good to read to understand how derivative securities work under-the-hood?
How is energy transformed? Is there any book that explains this?
What topics are best illustrated in the various books of JEE? How do I prepare from these books?
What’s the best book on the comparative history/evolution of self-confidence levels of ethnic groups from caveman days to now?
What are some of the greatest business books Gordon Miller can recommend for me to read?
Which books are required reading for JEE Main?
What are some great books, in PDF format, for the international mathematics Olympiad?
What's a really good book?
Resonance DLPD modules vs Arihant books for JEE which one is better?
Which book is the best for current affairs for the CDS exam?
Which non-technical book would you suggest to an energetic engineering student about the history of thermodynamics or the concept of entropy?
Are there any books where the protagonist is more of an antagonist?
Which book is the most reliable for the JEE Advanced level physical chemistry theory?
What are the required reference books for UPSC CSE Mains preparation?
Which famous or popular books do you hate? Why?
Which book should I prefer for the 8th board and SOF Olympiads?
We all know that H. C. Verma is the best in the case of physics. Likewise, what is the best best book in chemistry for cracking the NEET?
What is the right book to crack a BSc JAM exam in chemistry?
Which is the best book to understand the trading process of the stock market, provided I have sufficient commercial background?
What is the book about the war that is run by computers?
What is the best book of reasoning for recent banking exams?
What is the best book to learn design patterns in Java Script?
What is the best speaking English book?
Is it worth buying the RxSwift book?
How do I prepare for KVPY SX maths exam? Which topics should be done from which books?
How do I develop a deeper understanding of the stock market, and basically the secondary market? Please suggest ways to learn more or the names of some good books on finance and economics, etc.?
Which book contains the story of King David?
What is the “politics of becoming” that William Connolly mentions in his book "Why I Am Not a Secularist"?
Indian history textbooks lack a lot of true Indian history; what could be the alternative rich reading sources for students from grades 6 to 12?
Which books should I choose for the MPSC?
Is an ultimate book of accountancy good for board exams?
Which books and newspapers should I use for NABARD Grade A preparation?
Which other books (not curriculum-related, but other novels/books) should one read before CAT preparation and during an MBA?
What is the best book to teach "Risk Management in banking"?
Can I teach myself with books?
What books are best in 11 and 12 for cracking the JEE?
What books will you (probably) never read, and why?
What kinds of books would you recommend for an English learner?
What are the top 10 novels every reader should read?
What are some good books about physics and science for a starter?
What is the best PTE Academic book for preparation?
What are some books that people interested in NLP must read?
What is the best book from which to learn advanced C++ and get familiar with Java Native Interface (JNI)?
Is there any 80s or earlier science book (not science fiction) which 'predicted' that video calling would one day become an everyday phenomenon?
Which do you think are the top 5 must read books?
Which are some good books for the bank SO exam?
Which is the best book for a person who is willing to go for marketing as a carrier?
Who writes blogs on Quora about history, books, anthropology, myth, Christian history, geography, or travel?
What ancient Indian books (The Nighantus and other books) are there regarding plants in and out of Ayurveda?
What are some books that romanticize mental illness?
Is CA Aaditya Jain good for SFM from an exam point of view, or is he just good for gaining financial knowledge?
Which books and websites do you suggest for studying for the Facebook data engineer interview?
Which book provides tier 2 maths question bank for SSC CGL?
Which is the most basic book available on quantum mechanics?
Which are the best books for young entrepreneurs?
What books do I study for the GRE Subject Test in English Literature?
Which is the best physics text book for BVP entrance exams?
What books can I read for self improvement and thinking?
How can I prepare for MAH-MCA-CET with just self-study? What book can I use?
What are some good books (in English) to read to understand the social issues in rural Taiwan?
Where can I get solutions to concept application exercises of Cengage books?
What is a great book to read on the historical development of Non-Euclidean geometry?
Which book to prefer for costing in Ca final?
What are the books to read if we want to discover the truth about India's independence, the freedom fighters involved and their true characters.?
Should I stop using my PC so much and start reading more books as a teenager?
Which is better: Pritesh Singh’s or Rajamahendran’s surgery book?
What are some modern book adaptations of Shakespeare's Othello?
What connections between worlds are there in Brandon Sanderson's Cosmere books and what does it suggest for the future Stormlight Archive books?
What books (fictional/non-fictional/autobiographies) you would recommend to a beginner?
Why do the NCERT books have less data, compared to the state government books?
What are the best books on the lorry and tanker industry?
What are some good books that explain software development process?
Is SL Arora Physics a good book for RBSE Class 12?
What themes in fiction do people want to read about today?
What are some good graduate-level mathematics books up to the pro level?
Which maths book is best for class 9?
Which books are best for the UPSC Mains for mathematics 1 and 2?
Which books or sites should I refer to for studying the basics of XML?
What are the best ways for introverts to promote books they've authored?
Is there any book on biological terms etymology?
Where can I find books that will teach me how to hack?
What's the best IAS book?
What is the best book you suggest to learn about viruses for someone with very little background in biology?
What are the books that proffesional Android developer should read?
What are the top book recommendations on learning about various business industries?
Is there a book about physics that is accessible and easy to read for an adult?
What are the best books to learn about Business English?
What kind of book should I read as a freshman recruiter? Or, what things should I learn deeper, so I could be a master in interviews?
Which is the best book to enhance English speaking skills?
In what order should I read Pushkin, Turgenev, Gogol, Dostoevsky, and Tolstoy?
What is a good book for engineering mathematics for GATE prep?
What is the best book on calculus that teaches us the calculus required to understand quantum mechanics?
What are the best books for learning about good practices and principles when developing a Node.js application, that are relevant in 2017?
Is Objective Approach to Mathematics by Amit Agarwal the right book for the JEE Mains?
Can you recommend me a good book that explores the concepts behind codecs, container formats, and the fundamentals of computer files?
How much time do I need to succeed in the TestDaF? And what books do you recommend for the preparation?
What is the best model-posing reference book (or how-to-pose-a-model-in-fashion book)?
Which are some good books for GST?
What books would you recommend for a extremely intelligent 8 year old?
What are some books on organic gardening?
Which book do you love the best?
Which books do students at top medical colleges read in the first year?
How should I learn aptitude and reasoning from zero level at home with the help of the Internet and books?
What software development books are agnostic to the ages and highly relevant like the mythical man month?
Can I crack IIT with just Khan Academy and a few good books?
Can you suggest books or other resources which explain why people don't expect or think about contingencies/failure?
Are there good books out there written by Apollo missions engineers?
Which books do I need to refer to, for the Vizag Steel management trainee exam for metallurgical engineering?
Is there a book which has the history and derivations of dimensionless numbers?
Which are the best books to prepare for the TISSNET 2018?
Which novels are most like The Vampire Chronicles, but not written by Anne Rice?
What is the best book of biology for 11-12?
What books will you recommend in order to develop a strong understanding of financial engineering, empirical finance and valuation principles?
What are the best self-study books for cracking the CAT 2017? I am a CA and will be taking the CAT for the first time. I have not touched Math since class X.
Which mathematics book should I read for IIT?
What sci-fi books have non-human main characters?
What books should I gift my 12 year nephew to build up his reading habits? He is from London.
What are some famous French books?
What books are you currently reading to your kids?
What are best medieval history fiction books?
What'd be the best choices of books to start with economics?
What are some good books?
Which books do I need to refer to for the Vizag Steel management trainee exam for mechanical engineering?
Does reading any book, which is not even related to my career, help me? I have read successful people read a lot.
What is best book for Lebesgue integration?
Which are the best books for studying the basics of electricity and electronics for an individual with a mechanical engineering background?
When someone writes an international bestselling novel, how much do they make from it?
What are some of the best novels which can be made into a movie like Bahubali in India?
Are there any good books similar to ASOIAF and The Witcher Saga?
To what extent do 21st Century discoveries about Ancient Rome affect the credibility of history books published in the 20th Century?
Which is the best book for physiology in the 1st year of an MBBS?
What is the best way to publicize my non-fiction book? How do I find reputable publicists? What is a typical budget?
What is the best book for studying goods and service tax?
What are some books which help in developing critical thinking?
Which are the best books for deep preparation of the GATE 2018 for civil engineering?
What are some books to comprehend GST for a beginner?
What are the list of best books for digital logic design?
What are some must-read books that are recommended, from all the genres?
What books are to be studied for the APPSC Group 1 exam?
What are some books that teach deception and manipulation?
Where in Lahore can I sell my O and A level books for a good price?
Which book should I recommend for the preparation of GATE (mechanical)?
What are the prescribed books for GRE preparation at present?
Which book is best for British poetry in a Master’s in English?
Which autobiography is worth reading?
What is the summary of a book named Dingoes at Dinnertime?
What are some books having good calculus questions from the basic to the advanced level?
Which financial management books should I refer to? I am a science student, so I need to start from scratch.
What is the best book for ICSE 10 physics numericals?
What are the best textbooks that will help me prepare very well for the GRE physics exam’s different parts?
Which books should I read to be a psychologists without actually getting a degree?
Which are the best novels for motivation and inspiration?
What are the good books to study the European history?
What is the best book about Python for beginners?
What guide book is best for the 12th history course?
Which book is the best?
Are Jaipur FIITJEE coaching chemistry packages enough for class 11 & 12, or do I need any other book? Which book should I refer to if needed?
Which is a good book in Chemistry for theory for JEE Mains and Advanced?
Which books are required to qualify for BBAU?
What are some suggestions for any good book or website to learn back-end programming?
I'm a commerce student. Do I need to join some institute to prepare for the entrance exams of 2018 or do I need to read some specific newspapers?
What is a good book on what our modern world is made of? One that has a general overview of what makes up our buildings, cars, electronic devices, etc
What are your criticisms of Charles Dickens' books?
What are some good autobiographies, like Wings of Fire, that a student should read?
Does The Magic book really help to motivate?
Which book should I follow on quantum physics for my graduation?
What is a detailed summary of the book Barnabus Mudpatch by Steve Moran?
What are the best Hungarian textbooks for foreigners?
Should I buy the biography book of Steve Jobs that was written by Walter Isaacson?
Are there any more sites where I can read free books without paying money to become a member?
Which is the best book to understand the research methods and statistics?
How do you read a book that you want to write a review on?
Are there any solutions provided for the book Mathematical Circles: (Russian Experience)?
Which Peter Winkler book should I buy, Mathematical Puzzles or Mathematical Mind Benders, if I must buy just one?
What is a classy book in statics and dynamics for conceptual need? What are your suggestions for an undergraduate guy (hons. Mathematics)?
What are your reviews about " a brief history of time" book?
Which book is useful to study for the class 10 CBSE exam in 2017-2018?
What are some great books/novels on philosophy (non romantic or preachy) in Punjabi literature?
What are some novels which can change my life to understand what I should do?
Which economy book to reference for the UPSC exam, the one by Ramesh Singh or by the late Sanjeev Verma (updated)?
What is the best book on Palestinian politics (not on the conflict but rather the history and contemporary politics of the PLO, Fatah, and Hamas?)
Which books should I read if I want to develop an app and I am not a computer programmer?
Where can I buy the Condor Heroes book trilogy by Jin Yong/Louis Cha in English?
Which electrical book is used in IIT colleges?
What are the best ways to support an author besides buying their books?
Which books should I refer to clear the overseas registration exam (ORE) in the UK?
Which physics book did you solve for pre-medical preparation?
Which book is the best for self-study of CCNP routing and switching?
What is a good non-fiction book recommendation for vacation reading?
Which are some of the best books for Combined Medical Services examination?
Is it necessary to prepare from all three books, i.e. the study material, the guide books and the NCERT books, for the UP provincial civil services?
Which are the best books for problem solving in physics and mathematics for the IIT JEE?
What books do you consider must be read in their original language?
What are the best objective books for medical preparation?
What are good books for becoming a good lawyer?
What are some recommended books for Kas maths?
Which book should I give my teen siblings to get them interested in learning? Recommend any book: science, history, maths, literature, etc.
What are the top most inspirational books?
Which books should we take for PCM in 11?
Is there a book that covers every fundamental theorem of mathematics?
Is Pradeep's Fundamental Physics good for AIIMS and NEET preparation?
I'm searching for a thermodynamics exercise book (I prefer which has solution manual). Which one you will recommend?
What are the best books/websites for learning physics according to you?
What are the best books for knew about Indian history?
What book would you recommend to read on a trek to Himalayas?
What are some good books on philosophy for someone who plans on majoring in philosophy?
What's a good book for self-study for pure mathematics?
What is the best book you would recommend to a friend to read?
If there is one book that you have read and would recommend that everybody should read it, what would it be?
Where can one find the latest collection of e-books?
Are there any courses/proper books for learning Julia and Data Science simultaneously from scratch?
Can you recommend some good fiction books with the action taking place in Miami?
Is there anywhere you can read the prophecies of Sweet Medicine, of the Cheyenne?
Which 5 books would you expect a head of technology to have definitely read?
What are some recent science-based relationship books that you like?
Which are some good books for CBSE 11th and 12th accountancy and economics?
What are considered some must read books at any venture capitalist firm?
Which book should I start reading to get prepared for the UPSC exam?
How can I find this book, "Kaplan and Manner: Culture Theory"?
Which are the best 5 English novels for children?
What is a book/material about the philosophy of software testing?
Which book is better, Arihant all-in-one or Arihant chapter-wise solutions for physics and chemistry for 12th class?
Which are the best books in general to read?
Where and how can I study intermediate level XSS?
How can a UPSC aspirant exhaustively prepare the for the Mains syllabus for the GS Paper II? Are there any standard books like Laxmikant?
Why are Audible books more expensive than physical books or online book purchases?
What are the best calculus books to have fun with for 12th pass students?
Which books are preferable only for practicing mathematics for the GATE and ESE?
What are the best books on project management in a scientific/engineering context?
Which books should I read to improve statistics?
What are great books for understanding Indian business culture for a Westerner?
What is the best book about World history, before, during, and after the World Wars?
What are the books that can be referred to, while studying European history?
Which book is best about a spy?
Which is the preferred book to read about surgery, Sabiston or Swartz?
What are some wedding readings from novels?
What are the standard books to follow for gate mechanical?
What are the best books on Chanikya's principles?
What is the best book/material for learning javavscript?
Which books should I prefer to prepare for the GATE and the IESE in civil engineering?
Can you recommend a book on Indian history (7th to 14th century)?
What is any book on the theory of numbers?
What are good books or informational resources for men in their 50s considering having a second child?
What are the latest recommended world history books?
What are the most compelling arguments posed against Daniel Quinn's philosophy as it is presented in Ishmael?
What are the best books/study aids to help interlink with medical subjects?
What is best book for IIT preparation for 6 class?
Which is the best book to learn Java Scripting from scratch?
What book do you really want to read, but haven't gotten around to it?
What's a good way to teach your teenage son how to be a respectful and good lover? (Porn is generally awful and he has read all of the birds and bees books.)
Can somebody suggest good books on death, karma, and reincarnation?
What math books can help a gifted young elementary student cultivate a love for mathematics?
Do you read many books?
Is there a book with a similar character like Caroline Forbes?
What is the best book I can gift to my 18 year old female friend?
What are the latest history books you can recommend?
Which books should I prepare for basic electronics?
Which is the best book for numericals in physics for the IIT-JEE? I already have Irodov.
What is the best book to learn music theory for a mathematician?
Did you read the novel “The Fantasist?” What do you think about it?
What is a great book which will give me an overview of the most significant trends in IT?
What books does Warren Buffet like to read? Does he have a reading list?
What is the best, simplest book to read to learn everything about tensors from scratch?
What is the best book for the ABC’s of English grammar?
Which books should I read to improve my knowledge of Indian constitution?
What are some books with similar plots to the Graveyard Book (child raised by supernatural beings)?
What booking system does Everwise use?
Is there any book that can help me master quantum mechanics? (I am in the 9th grade.)
Can I use my Marx horse collection in my story book and can I use their name?
As a beginner, where should I start with artificial intelligence? What books would you suggest? Any experience will be appreciated.
What books do you recommend for me?
What books should I prepare for the Veda IIT entrance test, & how do I prepare?
What is an in-depth book on digital ad operations?
What are good Vedic books that I can learn manners and etiquette from?
Which book is the best supporting book for chemistry CBSE class 11?
If I'm thinking of a career in law, what are the best books to home study to get me on my way?
Where can I find dark mystery gothic adventurous and sinister novels and books set in the British Raj?
What are the best books for the APPSC Group 3 for the Mains?
What are some of your favorite guilty pleasure novels?
What books should I read if I want to understand climate changes?
Can you suggest me some spiritual Indian books?
Does reading more books make you more confused and anxious?
What fantasy book series offers dark powers to the main character (ex. Chronicles of the Necromancer)?
How do I complete a math book in 15-20 days, if I don't like maths, but want to score good?
What is your best book?
Within how many days can I finish Word Power Made Easy by Norman Lewis?
Which book or autobiography should I read on a holiday? I hate love stories so don’t suggest any book related to it.
What is the best accounting book?
Which books are best for IIT?
What books should I read for the NEET PG?
What are some of the best books that you read during your time at the Young India Fellowship?
What are the best books on African countries post-colonialism?
What reference books are suitable for students studying nursing?
What are some good books to clear economics’ basics? Also, how can one get profuse knowledge in economics?
What must-read books would you recommend?
What books are on teenagers’ 2017 summer reading lists?
What are the best books or links for preparing for the Financial Management section of the BOI credit officer exam? What are your suggestions?
What are the seminal works in human resource management?
Which are some books you suggest for economics and political science?
What is the syllabus for organic chemistry for IIT JAM and which reference books are to be followed?
Which book should I choose for basic maths?
What are some good books for welding fixture design?
What is the best book(s) on virology or virus?
What is the software from which Facebook is programmed?
What is the most informational book you have ever read?
Which books to study for programming data structures 2?
When will the book The Exile of Mukunda be released?
Which is the standard book for Mathematics section for GATE CSE?
Are there any 14 - 16 year old Quorans whose answers are worth reading?
Where can I get an errorless physics book for free?
What are Some of the best novels for complete brain wash?
What is the best solution to begin reading books without getting bored?
What are the best books for CAT preparation for both logical reasoning and the verbal section?
How many of you think that the making of Bahubali will be highly informative and a text book for visual media and VFX students and be released soon?
Which books may be a good reference for general awareness and general knowledge for Delhi SI exam?
What are some books and websites with analogies or metaphors for mathematical concepts and formulas?
How can I summarize the book I read in a short period?
What is the best book to learn TensorFlow?
What are some children's books that aid their introduction/learning to/of philosophy?
What books and resources would you recommend to learn designing and building APIs with Nodejs?
What are some books that are really similar to Dostoyevsky’s White Nights?
What is the best book for learning Netcat for beginner?
Who wrote book Unhappy India?
Are there any study materials that combines all of the topic-wise NCERT books into one?
Why are books interisting?
What is the best book about Warren Buffett in Hindi?
What type of books are sold in India mostly?
How do I update my knowledge about programming from an old book?
Which books are required by a student of class 11 to prepare for IIT-JEE and Olympiads?
What is the best book or site to learn GK for XAT 2017?
Which is the best book on quantum mechanics for begginers having no background in calcalus?
Which is the best book IIT JEE match?
Which is the best guide or reference book for 10th class, according to the CBSE pattern of 2017 (besides NCERT)?
What are the best books on moving on from a relationship that never started?
Where is the best place to read?
What do you think of the book Lawrence of Arabia?
Can anyone recommend a novel to me? It must be the best that you've ever read and can help me build an interest in reading.
Which book best explains about physics of energy and it's transformation?
Which books can help me to get into IBA Karachi?
What are some recommended books for the RHCSA exam?
How do I prepare mechanics for GATE 2018? Which book should I follow?
What's the creepiest book you have ever read? Was it The Consumer?
What are the best proportions of white space to use in book design?
What are some good books to learn Indian history?
Where can I get good book reviews?
How can I read a lot of books and learn from them, absorb all the information from them, and eat the material from them?
Which book should I reference to prepare for MT metallurgy at Vizag steel plant?
When preparing for the GATE exam in electronics, which book should I prefer?
What is the SOPEP book?
Is there a real substance that, if injected, can kill a person immediately like in fiction books or action movies?
What are the references/books for learning the Kotlin language?
What have you learned from a book?
Why am I obsessed with new textbooks? Is it a phobia or a mental disease?
I read a response a week ago listing HRC's qualifications. How do I read it again?
What books do you recommend to start reading on Chomsky? Which ones are his best books?
What are the books to be referred for the JIPMER and AIIMS in 2017?
What are must-read materials for 6-year-olds?
What do you think about readers who add meaning (criticism) to book?
What will be the best book for class 12 math for JEE?
What are the best and the toughest books for IITJEE Math?
Is B L Gupta good enough to score 100 in economics in class 12 without tuitions? If not, which book should I refer to?
What are the best non-fiction books of all time and why?
Which are the best anthropology books for UPSC preparation?
Which books are best for details of finance and investment, especially for students of IIM Ahemdabad?
I just made the mistake of telling my main character of my book about his role in said book, and he asked me to leave him out of it. What do I do?
Which are the must-read books to gain knowledge about Business and Pre-MBA?
What is the only book I have to read in order to realize my dream of becoming wealthy?
Which are the best books for deep preparation for the 2019 GATE for civil engineering?
What was your good or bad experience with Just Books, Bangalore (any branch)?
What kind of book should I read to be an expert in interviewing candidates?
Which is the best objective book of maths for JEE?
Where can I get links for downloading ICSE recommended books?
Which order should I read Lacan?
What are the best reading books one should never miss in everyone's life?
Is there a medical book that explains pathologies as a novel or as a fictitious story?
Which book is best for banking preparation so as to score good marks?
Are there any books or articles that discusses Abu Bakar Naji's "Management of Savagery" comprehensively?
Which books are best for clearing JEE?
What are the best books to crack the JEE Mains and the BITSAT in 2018 with a good score?
Which are your favorite love stories by Catherine Cookson?
Would a book labeled as alternative fiction put you off buying it?
Have you read the book Unscripted: Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Entrepreneurship by MJ DeMarco?
What does this Publius Syrus quote mean, “Divide the fire and you will sooner put it out”?
What book should I buy for NTSE preparation?
What are some books for web development and design?
What are a few books that eliminate the need for many books?
What are some of the books, videos and articles which will be helpful in preparing for MUNs?
Is a good understanding of second order optimization algorithms necessary to understand deep learning?
What is the best book for English literature for the UPSC or the state level competitive examnation?
What anime series are similar to Malazan Book of the Fallen?
What are your top 10 books on business and entrepreneurship in the 21st century?
Which is the best book for physics for BVP entrance exams?
Which book is perfect for the GATE in instrumentation?
What are the best books for energy audits?
Which book is better for JEE chemistry, Modern’s ABC or the MTG books?
Which book is best for the SSC JE Electronics?
What is the best seller book of all time?
What are the authentic books of the IPC and CrPC for the department exam?
How can I get useful English history articles and books in electronic edition?
If I want to learn how to track analytics to see how people use my iOS app and website, what books/ resources should I read?
Should I use only NCERT books for my class 10 annual exam? If no, then name that reference book?
What are the best MCQ books for AIPGMEE?
Can you write a brief book review to summarize your favorite book?
What is a must-read book for understanding the money cycle, its history, and how it works?
What is the content of Judas Book?
Which book would widen one’s worldview?
What are some good books or sites to begin stock trading?
What are the best books a person starting logo/identity design should read?
Which book is best to master organic reaction?
What are some of the best books to study hydrodynamic stability?
What are the best books on mathematical logic for beginners? And is there an online resource that teaches you the reasoning behind procedures?
What books are based on history of India?
How do I use mind mapping when I read a book since CV I wants to do that?
What are some books on comparative mythology?
What does it mean if you choose a book to read and you don't remember what you read?
What is a good book for a young football quarterback?
Which books should be studied for NSEJS?
What are good books on the Kapampangan people of the Philippines?
Which 10 nonfiction books are the best?
If the skills are learned from the net or books, how does a recruiter judge without the certificate?
What are the best reference books for commerce with maths in CBSE board? Both 11th and 12th.
What are some books that intelligent individuals read?
What are the best books for IBPS PO preparation for the current syllabus and exam pattern?
Which spoken English book is the best?
Which books would Gordon Miller recommend for financial success?
I'm interested in learning about cat breeding, what are some basic things to consider? Any good books on the subject?
What books are taught at TISS?
What are the best books for AAT after JEE advanced?
How were people in the past learn languages without any books or documents?
Where should I study for CPT, from the modules or from the J.K. Shah Classes book? How should I study economics?
What are some great books to read during college?
Is current booking available in all trains?
What is a recommended introductory book on educational testing for newbies with no background in either advanced math or statistics?
What books would gordon miller advice to read for business literacy?
Should I give up on finding a good book on Wattpad?
What are some good books to practice logarithms?
Do you know of any books where the main character becomes bad?
Which is the best book that explains about light and heat energy in depth?
Which is the best book for RMO?
Which book should I buy for CAT preparation?
How do I create an interest in non-fiction books?
Why are books written on the partition of India by Punjabis given more importance than books written by Bengali authors on the partition of Bengal?
What is the best book about Irish and Gaelic mythology?
What are the best books for stock investing for beginners? Can I invest in stock in other countries? What is penny stock?
Which inspiring and best books should an undergrad read in his free time?
Which is the best book on fluid mechanics for BARC interview preparation for chemical engineering?
What book should I use for CA final auditing? I prefer a book which has elaborate explanations and should not be in Q&A format.
What are some good scary, disturbing horror books to read?
What are some of the best novels that everyone should read once in their lifetime?
I'm a fan of Dan Brown and have also read books from Elif Shafak. Which book should I take up next?
What are some great books to read to figure out what I wanna do in life and how to succeed at that?
What is the best book to help and lead USA immigrants to a successful path?
What is the best math model book about the El Farol bar problem?
What's the most wonderful book you've ever read?
What are some good Islamic apologetic books?
If Quorans were like books, what books would they be?
Which books do you recommend in parenting?
Do you ever step back and realize that reading is essentially blobs of ink on paper but that we can take so much meaning from books and other texts?
Are there any good modern control books that have examples or a solution manual?
What are the best books for understanding maths with a physical interpretation?
Which books should I use for preparation of NEET 2019?
What are the best books for preparing for the ICAR?
What are some good books to learn about the Indian Armed Forces in detail?
Can you rate all RK Rajput books for mechanical engineering on a scale of 1 to 10 (for GATE & understanding purposes)?
What is the best book to prepare for 3-D geometry for the JEE?
What is a good book for a new entry in the Python world?
What can you tell us about your book?
Could the events of the 1988 book, "Fire on the Mountain" have occurred the way they did in the book?
Which is the best Hindi (easy language) book for 2nd class or 1st class mining posts?
Which is the best book of DISCRETE Mathematics (CSE) for preparing GATE CSE?
What are the 5 books that have inspired Warren Buffett?
What security resources (books, blogs, courses, etc.) would you recommend?
Is it ok to study only the "Concepts of Physics" by HC Verma and not the NCERT book for class 12 board and AIPMT entrance?
Which book should I refer to to crack the JEE Mains and Advanced? The book should have sums from basics to higher levels with solutions.
What are the best books on clean code, data structure, & algorithms? And what is the best way to improve my logic?
What are the best books for Java programming and Python? Is there a book that features everything, from beginner to advanced?
Which book is the best to prepare for the SSC Junior Translator examination?
What are some of the books and videos I can refer to learn hacking? How much time does it take do so?
Is there any book that narrates the emotions of a person who sabotaged his own relationship, life?
Are there any technical books on artificial intelligence?
What are the best books or links for preparing for the financial management section of the BOI credit officer exam?
What are the best books for theory for the NSEJS for class 9 and class 10?
What reference books are best for IIT JEE preparation?
What is the math book for the CAT?
Where can I get books written by TN Seshan from?
How accurate is the science in Stephen Baxter's book, The Time Ships?
Which For Dummies book is best for advice on writing fiction?
What are some of the shortest popular light novels that were ever written?
Which NCERT books are important for the UPSC prelim?
What are some of the best books for every woman who just started her career?
What book should I use for JIPMER English?
What books should I read for an introduction about structures and buildings?
Which book you should be preferred for CA final auditing?
What is the best book to study Java?
Which is the best physics book which explains each concept in detail and in a good manner?
What font will be good for book design?
Which non-academic fiction books would Awdhesh Singh suggest that are related to bureaucracy?
For the NEET 2018, which book should I study for biology, Aakash modules or the ALLEN DLP book after the NCERT?
What is a unique knowledge book in India?
Why do some people read a lot of books? How is that such an interesting hobby?
What is the best book about ancient civilizations?
What are some of the best books/materials that can help me understand girls better?
Which are the best books to prepare for SNAP?
What are some good books to read for a highschool philosophy club?
What are some good books for Jews history and mythology?
Is there any book which contains real time incidents of great people which changed their prospective?
What are some great books or websites about nutrition and weight loss?
What is the number one book to use as a guide to success?
Do you read entire legal books in law school?
What is a good book, pre-1900s, to compare to The Road by Cormac McCarthy?
Which books have you read more than 2 times?
What is a good book for statistics for the data science people?
What is your tween reading right now?
What is the best book on candlestick trading for the stock market?
Where can I find a free book to learn enough React Native to develop apps?
Which are the recent good novels I can refer?
Which is the best book on philosophy for a beginner?
Which are the best books with which to learn about Rana Pratap Singh and Shivaji?
Which books should I prefer for BEL computer science?
Which is the best book to clear the concept of mathematics for SSC CGL, RD Sharma or NCERT?
How do I read a lot of books with no time?
What are the best books for numerical analysis and linear programming?
What is the top must-read Islamic book?
How does the book " silent spring" changed your life?
I'm currently enrolled in a masters program of philosophy and would like to work on my logic skills. What activities/books would you suggest?
How do I know what is considered as dharma? Is there a specific book?
Which is the best online website or book for learning RTOS?
Which book should be used for the class 5 Olympiad?
What book is needed for the CBSE applied art for class 12 (code 052)? Is there an NCERT book?
Does readings books about other people's life paths make you lose your originality as you try to replicate those ideas into yours?
What are the 5 five books that everyone who is new to reading novels should read?
Which book is the best to read about the earliest Indian civilization?
What are the best books to read if I intend on being a motivational speaker?
What are some good books on logical reasoning?
What are the best books for mathematics for class 12 students?
Which books do you recommend for aptitude problems asked at CA interviews?
What is the best book to test Python skills for beginners?
Which books are good to learn Visual Basic Application?
What is the best book for jQuery 3.x?
What should a good econometrician be reading every week?
What are books that will make you see math in different perspective?
Can I read competitive books on a Kindle?
What are some of the books for GRE preparation?
What are some good books to practice mechanical engineering GATE questions?
What are the names of Some good reference books for class 11th for JEE preparations?
What are the best romance books that would make you cry?
What are your favorite humorous passages from a self-help or how-to book?
Which is the best reference book for Robotics and mechatronics for ESE preparation?
What is the best book for theory of physics for JEE Mains and advanced?
Which books should I read to know more about the teachings of Swami Vivekananda?
What is the basic information required to understand quantum mechanics? Is there a book that teaches it?
What are some books for an entrance exam on virology?
Could you recommend some books about rehabilitation?
What is the book’s name in the movie “MANAM” when Nagarjuna met with Samantha at the book shop?
What books on bipolar disorder have you found to be the best? I loved "An Unquiet Mind" by Kay Jamison and recommend it.
What are the best books or movies about Nike?
What are the best books on problem-solving in industries?
What are the business books to study if you can’t afford college?
What books would you suggest for a beginner like me?
Can you recommend some books about teaching English?
What's a good book to learn the "terms" used by penetration testers and what they do to further proceed on how to use them?
How does reading help me?
Which is the best book for the basic knowledge of stock market and IPO?
What are some good behavioural science books?
How do I prepare for the KVPY SX exam? What books should I follow? Should I take the mocks for the same?
What are some must read story books for a female, Indian adolescent who aspires to be a writer?
Is it possible to win IBO by just reading biology books/watching videos without formal classes? If yes, what book and videos would you/they recommend?
Which book is the best for the IIT JAM physics preparation?
What are some of the best books for a thorough knowledge of data structures?
What are some good books that are basically autobiographies/biographies of successful marriages?
What are some of the best love story novels written by foriegn writer?
What is the first novel that got you interested in fiction?
Any good website or book where can I learn backend programming?
What are the different text features in a book?
Which is the best book for the previous year’s solved papers of the GATE mechanical?
What are some effective books on how to control and rule people?
Which books should I read to prepare for the International Biology Olympiad?
What are some good suggestions for good books on quantum mechanics?
What are some best books available on Kindle for free?
What is a synopsis of the book "How I Became Stupid” by Martin Page?
Why do people sit with a pencil while reading a book?
What are your favourite lines from books or novels you have read?
Which is the best book I should read for learning life lessons and life experiences?
Which reference books are better for class 10?
Are there any great books that speak, specifically, on how not to be passive aggressive?
What are Agatha Christie’s books like?
What's the best book about public speaking?
Is “God's Equation” by Amir D. Aczel worth reading?
Is there a book that just lists out inbuilt methods on Python?
Which book of economics should I prefer to solve previous years’ questions for CBSE?
Which are the best books on reasoning and financial awareness for promotional exams in banks?
Which are some books that a commerce graduate must read?
What are some good books for an absolute beginner in drawing and illustration?
Which is best English book to practice for CDS?
Which are the best novels for inspiration and motivation?
Which book is better for physics, D. C. Pandey or H. C. Verma?
What is the smartest way for preparing for Verbal Ability in CAT?
Which books reference more short-cut principles for the CGL Tier 1 aptitudes?
Which are the most reputable and important reference books for a CNC Machinist?
Which book is more preferable for an MT mechanical post at Vizag Steel Plant?
What are some books that one should read during the second year of an economics honours course at DU?
What should teen fiction novels contain?
What are some short and good law books to read?
Which book is better for inorganic chemistry - J. D. Lee or Prabhat Kumar?
What are some of the most useful reference book you ever came across?
Are there any books on operational management? I am looking for effective management for an electrical factory.
What book should be read by BE education major students?
What are some good books that are just on the Nazi Party (NSDAP)?
Which books are best for preparation for an L&T interview?
Which series of books are the best for the preparation of the MCAT, Kaplan or Exam Krackers?
Can I just start reading The Heroes of Olympus (The Lost Hero), without reading any other Percy Jackson book?
What book can one read to learn the meaning of narcissism?
Which kind of novels would you like to read and why?
What're Gordon Miller's top 5 favourite books?
What are the best medical thriller books to read?
What’s a good book for learning Python?
Which is the best book for RRB?
What book should I buy for 12th physics?
Which book is the best to study organic chemical reactions and their mechanisms for 11th grade?
Which books should I prefer for relations and functions?
What are the non-fiction books written by INTJs?
Which is the best book to learn C and C++ both starting from basic to advanced level?
From which book can I clearly understand concepts in rotational mechanics for the JEE Advanced?
Which is the best library in Kanpur to issue the books of competitions like JEE?
What is a GATE question bank book for Civil with minimum errors?
What are the best books for HVAC design? What is the software that is used in HVAC problem solving?
Can any post photos of NCERT books (cover page) PCB? It looks silly but confused of NCERT books?
Which is the best basic book (Indian author) to learn coding?
What are the best self-help books for beginners?
I want to start reading philosophy. Is Essays by Montaigne a good book to begin with?
What is the best book to learn C and C++ for beginners with no knowledge of codes?
What are some great children's books that adults can learn from?
Which is best book for 12 board (CBSE) maths?
What are the best books for class 10 CBSE?
What are some pointless books/movies?
Frederick Forsyth has never written about India in any of his books?
Which is the best medical book?
Which books are the best for a beginner to become fluent in Russian?
What books must be read for improving financial literacy?
How can I summarize the content of the book The Little Prince?
What is the book-keeping strategy in math or algorithm context?
Sometimes a book can be a "cure", is there any book that effectively solved some problem in your life?
Is there any good book to understand syntactic procedure for deriving semantic consequences?
What books can help one to become more light-hearted?
Which book should I prefer for solving inequations for the JEE?
Do I have to buy books in the 1st semester at SRM KKR campus or do they provide all of the books?
Can I read Nancy Drew books for free?
What is the base for civil engineering code? Is that practically examined?
In preparation for the NEET and AIIMS, which one is better for physics, USS or D.C. Pandey? What other books are most like HCV, etc.?
How can I learn faster and read a good book?
What are some great books and articles on biases in human reasoning?
What is the best book for a UP police computer operator?
Is there is any book which can teach me how to construct mathematics equations for programming languages?
How is energy absorbed by an atom? Is there a book/course which explains this whole concept?
Is reading the Lars Kepler books in order necessary?
Which is the best book of World knowledge?
What is a good book about how to design maintainable programs and all the answers around why should I do one thing over another while programming?
What are the best books to learn about stock market in India?
What is the best book for an MBBS first-year student?
What are some books that can help you in the future?
What book would you recommend for a continuation course in quantum mechanics?
Which book would you suggest if it's gonna be my first book to read?
What are the best books to read by a medical student apart from his subject?
Which book is better for the NEET '18 physics: DC Pandey or Errorless Physics?
Why don't I like to read books with dialogue?
Which book should I read for the UPSC syllabus of world history?
What is the "real thing" that MIT provides as an educational institution, having in mind that the same text books are being read universally?
What are some basic books that a finance background student should read?
Which are some good books to read on the topic of public health and policy?
What books should I read that will help me learn higher-level math?
Which and how many books do I have to read to get a good hold on solar energy?
Which book can I read to get unbiased insights of Naxalism?
What are some of the good maths and GK books for competitive job exams?
What are your recommendations for books in the horror, suspense, and/or paranormal genres?
Which books are good for the APPSC Group 3 Mains?
Which are the best novels written in Gujarati?
What books do you recommend to learn more about economics?
Are there any books for adults who used to be bullied/excluded as children?
Where can I find very good summaries of books online?
Why don't I like books with dialogue?
Which are the best inspirational books to study while pursuing BBA?
What is the best Mathematics book for entrance preparation?
What are some books a 14 year old should read?
From which book should I prepare for elementary astronomy for the National Standard Examination in astronomy (NSEA-XII)?
Which are the best standard books for preparation for the GATE for mechanical?
Which book is best for biology 12 CBSE board exams?
What are life-changing books out there with regards to becoming a financial success?
Should the book Capital in the 21st Century be mandatory reading for the US electorate?
Which is the best book to study switching theory and logic design?
Which is the oldest book on parapsychology?
What are some recommendations for some good books on psychology for someone not having psychology as a major?
What are some books to read this November?
Which is the best JEE book for chemistry (NCERT) for 11th and 12th?
What is the best book to learn hacking for the students of grade: 9 - 10?
Which are the best books available on Game Theory?
What books are good for preparation for an MBA?
Which is the best book to learn stock marketing for begineers?
What are some appropriate alien books for a 12 y/o?
What are some good Indian fiction novels about love?
Which books should I study for NEET 2018?
What is the most comprehensive book on animals of California?
What book is the most helpful?
What are maths books for the JEE apart from NCERT and Exemplar? What are the best books for particular portions and what are the best complete books for the JEE (both exams)?
Which book should I refer for ITSM (IPCC)?
Do you think it's good to track books you've read?
Which are the best books to learn computer languages?
Are there any good books to help with a restaurant setup?
What books should I read to get into BUET?
Which book is best for learning SOP?
What is the best book to learn Spring?
Which is the best book for basic knowledge of stock market and IPO ?
What are some good books based on Indian democracy?
Which is the best book for the JEE which explains all of the concepts in easy language, and has short trick formulas and the best numericals?
What are some of the useful magazines and interesting books on international relations that Rahul Shrivastava would recommend?
Which book is best for the preparation of maths, English and general study for NDA?
What is the best book for non-conventional energy sources from an ESE point of view?
How do I pass the IELTS, and which books would help me to do so?
Which newspapers and books should I use for my GRE and CAT preparation?
What is the best reference book for bio in class 11 for AIIMS?
Which is the best book from the list below for computer science students?
What are some best biographies/autobiographies?
What are the best books for the 2018 UPPSC?
What books do I read to understand the OTC market?
Is MTG’s NEET guide for chemistry a good book for chemistry preparation?
Which book is good for DSSSB preparation?
Which book is better for biology in the class 12 boards exam?
What's a good series of science books?
What are the reference books to crack the design aptitude test for an IIT?
Which is better, reading two books or reading a book twice?
How do I read what I don't like?
Which book is better for MBBS ophthalmology, Parson or Khurana?
If you could own/read only one book about programming/CS, what would it be?
What are the basic books which are sufficient for aptitude and mental ability in competitive exams?
What is the best book for data structures through C?
What is the best novel to read as a teenager?
What is the best website or book to be updated about recent entrepreneurial trends?
What is the best book on quantum mechanics for a beginner with very little background in calculus?
What books do you recommend if I am willing to start a tech based startup?
Am I learning C the right way? Also, what are the best resources/books to get a better insight into the system's hardware and software interaction?
Which book should I refer for doing the JEE Mains and Advanced Physics?
What is the best book for learning Ionic 3?
Where can I buy a book that is out of print?
What are the best books for learning about chest X-rays?
What is the best Christian book for overcoming doubt and worry?
What is a good political non-bias book for teens that want to learn about an issue?
Which books should we choose for BITS, and when should we start?
What book did Kakashi read after he killed Rin?
How is Inamdar for GPAT preparation? Is it a good book to prefer?
What are some theory books for physics & chemistry to prepare for the NEET?
What book should I use to learn hacking?
What are some books that can truly motivate you to go ahead in life?
What are the best books to read if I want to make my career in investment banking?
What are some good books for JEE Chemistry namely Organic and Inorganic?
How can we get used books online?
What are the most unmissable books?
What book should I use in preparation for the DT CA final exam?
What is a black book?
Which is the best portal for ordering books?
What books should I read to have a deep understanding of how OTC securities are built?
Which are the good books to practice for MNC aptitude tests?
What does it mean to be following the heart, as mentioned in the book "The Alchemist"?
Has anyone here taken ASRB Mains in agriculture biotechnology? If yes, what are some important books and topics other aspirants should look to?
What type of books should I read if I am 18?
Which is the best book to prepare for logical reasoning, through self-study, for the CAT?
Which book is best for cbsce physics 12 class for numericals alone?
When is the next edition of Nishit K. Sinha's CAT books coming out for the CAT 2018?
For Flat World Knowledge books, can a solution manual be accessed when self-studying?
Which is the best book or way to understand the equivalent concept?
What is the revolution of the book?
Are there any good, free, science and theories related books on Kindle like the theory of relativity?
What are some good books on Roman law?
I'm a new reader but I don't know what genre I'm into. What should I read?
What are some dark sides of self-help books?
Should we study exact words as written in the book or should we study the concepts in our own words?
Where can I get famous Telugu novels or books for negligible rates?
How can I stay focused in reading novels/books? I get diverted very easily.
What is the best book to learn Java for beginners?
Which is the best book to read before becoming 20?
Could someone suggest me some good websites for downloading e-books or PDFs?
How do you format action novels?
Which books are reliable for the JEE Main preparation (not necessarily for Advanced as well)?
How and when should I read a book of poems?
What books should one buy for clearing GATE CS 2018?
What are the best books for IIT JEE preparation by IITians?
What is the best physics book for class 12 for clearing concept?
What books should I read to become a poet?
Which is the best novel to read in summer?
What are the best introductory books for the category of theory?
What is the best book for start relativity?
Which one maths foreign books which helps to build up concept on IIT level?
What are some fiction books about serial killers?
What books should I read before visiting China?
How do books contribute to the success of a lawyer?
What are good clean mangas and books to read?
Where can I do the most difficult problems of the ECE subjects? What would be a list of books or sources?
Do you know any books about how to write good-quality fiction (fantasy)?
How large of a role did reading play in Gordon Miller’s path to success?
Which is the best book and way to gain the basic knowledge for an IPO in India?
What are some really good sci-fi books?
What is the best physical python books?
What is the one book you will never read to your gifted child and why?
Which is the best book with which to study for the AIIMS entrance exam?
What is the best book or source for theories of international relations?
What are some of the best must read suspense fiction books?
What are the best movies and books set in Paris during the Belle Époque?
How do you revise bulky books?
What are the best books to increase my skills in Finance?
What are some books an engineering graduate should prefer for CAT preparation?
What are the themes of the novel "The Metamorphosis of Prime Intellect" by Roger Williams?
What are books, podcasts, magazines, websites, industry leaders, articles, and research within Management Consulting to gain in-depth insight?
What are some suggestions for books for the CPT exam? Where can I find them?
What are the best skills I should learn?
Why don’t people and students like textbooks?
Which book is good for calculus in BITSAT?
What are some good and tough books for IIT JEE preparation?
How do I start studies in class 11 (for commerce students)? What are the best books to start studying?
Everyone says I should read books to improve my mental state. Can I instead read Quora?
Which book should I buy for the CAT exam?
Which problem books do you recommend for IPhO? Is the one of 'Igor Irodov' well enough?
What are some books that every man needs to read?
What is the best site to read a book's critiques?
Are there any books out there that can improve my problem-solving skills in every aspect of life?
What are some good books by Iran authors?
What is the best book on how to teach science to children ever written?
So I have a couple of books that I have read and don't intend on reading them again, is there any website where I can sell used books in India?
Why do I get sleepy when I read a book?
Which is a good iOS app for reading any books online?
Could anyone suggest a book to practice modulus and wavy curve forms?
Which is the best book to study physical chemistry?
What are your favourite long novels?
How should I find out if I like computer science vs math? Can you suggest any books?
Which are best books for mechanical engineering 1st semester?
Your home is going up in flames. You can only save one book. What book do you take with you?
How often do you get books you want to read at cheaper rate in India?
What book about databases was written by C.J. Date?
What books can I read to take my life and self less seriously?
What book is currently on your reading list this week?
What is the best book or resource for learning the process of going from a product prototype to manufacturing?
What are the best AUTOSAR books?
Which are the best books to gain insights into mechanical engineering?
What are the best books for learning about Maharana Pratap Singh?
What are some of the best books lines?
What are some love story novels with sad endings?
What are other good books like The Lovely Bones by Alice Sebold?
What would you like to know about India? If it came as a book form, what would be the title?
Which book should I go for understanding the basics of Psycholinguistic? (I have no background in psychology & preparing it fr PhD entrance exam)
Is there any difference between the newer edition Barron physics, chemistry, and math books and the 9th and 8th editions?
What is the best book on maths literature?
What is the book “The Secret” written about?
What are some of the best books to study for the M.Sc microbiology entrance exam?
What are some books that can read in free time for maths student?
Where can I find motion study material in PDFs or secondhand books?
What will change in me if I start reading books?
Which site or book should I read to learn about exploits?
(Spoilers welcome) Who are some narcissistic characters in literary fiction? Specifically cite detailed examples and titles of books.
Which book should I use for JEE Main and Advanced?
What are the useful links for AKTU syllabus and books?
Which book is best to get more a intuitive sense of trigonometry (considering the JEE Advanced)?
What are the new good Indian novels to read currently?
Are Cengage physics books (Advanced series) enough to crack INPHO?
Ravindra Ravula sir, could you suggest some good autobiography books that you read and felt were worthwhile? I want to keep motivated while preparing for the GATE.
Which is the best book for Oracle SCM?
Where can I sell old novels in Pune?
Is Errorless a good book to start in class 11 for the JEE Main and Advanced? What is the best book for PCM to start preparation?
How do I prepare for the JEE Main, and what are some good books for doing so?
What types of books one must read to increase her/his view and intellectuality?
What are some best books to study electronics engineering?
What kinds of Indian books do you like to read in terms of genre? Does India have a great fictional fantasy book?
What is a good book on western classical music for a novice ?
What are your favorite Suspense / Romantic novels of the last ten years?
Are there any books related to human psychology, specifically describing why humans behave a certain way?
What are some books regarding marketing for Beginners?
What are some good books on meditation after I know the basics of it?
Which is the best standard book for IIT JEE chemistry?
If you could recommend one great business/entrepreneurial book, what would it be?
Which is the best book for physics for IIT?
What are the best book publishing agencies in 2017?
Which are the best books written by Indian authors on programming language 'C'?
What are some websites that provides summaries of books?
Are there any book recommendations about Sukarno?
What are the best books for solving problems in Python?
What are the best books for the study of the MSC virology entrance exam?
Can I get Electronic Devices and Circuits – T.F. Bogart Jr., J.S.Beasley and G.Rico book online?
What would your personality be like if you had never read a book in your life?
What are some story books that talk about IT life?
Which is the best book for the RIMC exam?
What are some of the brilliant books/sources to get "detailed" & "systematic" knowledge of India & Indian history from?
What are some illustrated encyclopedia about fantasy and folklore that reads like a D&D Monster Compendium?
What is the best book for developing concepts in mathematics?
Is the book Jd Lee worth buying?
Do we have to learn the entire book in 9th grade?
In which library in Jodhpur can I read many novels?
What is your advice to a young experimental physicist? Which books should he read, and which fields should he fathom?
What are the best novels with science fiction and humor?
Which is the best direct and indirect tax book which will help me in concept-building and, at the same time, is exam-oriented also?
Which is the best book for theory for NSEJS class 10?
What are some good books for bridge analysis and design?
What would be good book to introduce a toddler to the Bengali language?
What are your personal top 10 dystopian books?
Which book should I refer to to make my organic chemistry knowledge strong both for the JEE Advanced and for scoring 100% in class 12?
When is Jess Walter coming out with a new book?
What are J. Krishnamurti’s famous books’ names?
Which is the best fiction novel to read with a dramatic suspense?
What is the list of books/study guides do you think is essential in order to progress from Beginner (A1) to Intermediate (B2) French?
Should I read other books beside Computer Graphics Principle and Practice?
What are some fictional novels about the Russian mafia?
What books should I read in high school to help me get into college?
Which is the best source to read Shiva Purana in English?
What's the best book to learn about operating systems at high-level function?
What are the fundamental books on behavioral psychology?
Which is the best refrence book for class 11 physics if the aim is not to clear any competition and just to gain marks in 11th exams?
What would you suggest a naive reader to start with?
As a student, which Veda should I read?
What are the best illustrated topics from the various JEE books and how can you self-study from these books?
What book is the most suitable for studying/revising mechanics statics?
Which books should I refer to for inorganic chemistry (BITSAT)?
What books are similar to The Forty Rules of Love, which teaches you something about life, love and discovering oneself?
What should I read in order to understand Swedenborg and his influence on Blake?
What was the Vietnam War like for Communist soldiers? Are there any sources or books you could recommend?
Which books should I refer to for AMIE section B mechanical engineering?
Where I can get the class 12th solutions of the DK Goel Accountancy book?
Are there any books that will help me to talk and think like a lawyer?
If you describe yourself as an avid reader, how many books do you read in any time unit?
What are some free online books to read?
What are some good books on European ideas?
What is the best physics text book for high school?
What is a good book on Computational neuroscience for the layperson?
Is there any book for machine learning in pharmaceutical chemistry?
What l should do at my graduation level for my best career?
How is the US portrayed in the history books of your country?
What are the best ways to learn new topics for engineering students? Listening to lectures or reading books?
Which are some best books to know more about space?
Can you show your collection of books for the JEE preparation?
Which websites contain the most in-depth book reviews?
What are the best 'worked example' coding text books for all languages?
Is there any need to study extra books, like Pardeeps and Modern, for year droppers to crack the NEET?
Is there any fictional and non-fictional book reading app?
Which books should I use for NEET preparation And what startgery should I follow in summer vacations? I am in class 11th.
What would a history book about 2017 look like?
Which books have created the most impact on your overall living style/thinking and career growth?
What kinds of books have a lot of firefights and stuff like that in them?
Which novels should be read by everyone?
What are the best books in defence of religion?
How can I collect research for a book?
Should Indian kids read books written by British authors only?
What are the best books to prepare for the IBPS examination?
What is the best book for studying quantum physics from scratch?
How should I start economics for CSE? Should I read the book or just go through the Unacademy NCERT economics summary?
What book most impacted your life after first reading it in your thirties?
What is a new book on church planting?
What is the most preferred book for Bill Gates except for "Business adventure"?
How do I get motivated to read more books as a teenager and get smarter?
Is K.N.Sharma a good book for ISC Class XI and XII?
What is a good book with a fictional/nonfictional narrative to it?
What's the best UX strategy books?
What are the best Indian books?
What are some good fictional or non-fictional philosophical novels about life, relationships, and human nature?
What are some good books that teach you how to deal with different types of people?
How can I learn everything I can, read more books and absorb more material?
What are the good books that I should go for to become a statistician?
Which book store in Patna is best for buying Cengage books?
What are the extra books to read and understand to pass the JEE Advanced?
What books should I read to get a full scope of math, from the very basics up to calculus? (It’s fine if the books are in volumes.)
Which Leo Tolstoy book did I read?
Have you read both of these books, Logic & Computer Design Fundamentals and Computer Architecture: a Quantitative Approach? Which book is better?
Which are some of the best books for Research Methodology in Political Science?
Does anyone have any suggestions for a mystery series to read?
How do I start with random topics or reading a book in one go for public administration? Without proper guidance, how do I start preparing this optional?
What kind of book should I read after clearing CAT for an interview?
Is there any book for beginners to understand basic human psychology?
Which is the best book for SSC CGL 2017 tier 1?
Which is best book on quantum mechanics for a student studying in class 10 which explains both basic and complex information?
Which book is better for the JEE Main for chemistry, MTG or Universal Self-Scorer Errorless?
What books should I read to start an apparel line?
Is ISC Mathematics by Gupta and Bansal (Sultan Chand Publishing) a good mathematics book for IIT?
Which book is best on pulse diagnosis (नाड़ी परीक्षा) in Hindi?
What transformation did the book Awaken the Giant Within by Anthony Robbins bring in your life?
What book has helped you multiple times in your student life?
What are the names of some good books for increasing the perspective required for the UPSC?
What is the best way to study a book?
Which book should I use for the IGNOU M.Com exams?
What are the best books for preparing for the 2018 GATE for mechanical engineering?
I want to read some children's books for learning simple English. Can you suggest any?
What do you like to read?
Is the writer Salman Rushdie anti-Muslim?
Which books should one read in high school to get a deep knowledge of cosmology?
Are there any good books for total beginners in machine learning?
What are some great books on salesmanship and lead nurturing?
How do I avoid drowsiness while reading a literature book?
Is the book Computer Science Distilled good for people who want to learn computer science on their own? If not, what are some of the recommended books?
How do I start preparing for shorthand at home and gain 100 wpm speed for the SSC stenographer exam? Please recommend books, tips, etc.
What other books on OOAD include real-world case studies, besides “Object-Oriented Analysis and Design with Applications”?
How can I prepare for the FCI exam and what books do I have to read?
What is the best book for Abstract Algebra in hons. level?
Which is the best book to read on Rumi’s love poems?
Which books are preferable for an MT electrical post at a Vizag Steel plant?
Which books should I buy to prepare for NTSE?
Which book is best for B Pharma study?
What books should I prefer for the GATE in the Metallurgical branch?
What are some recommendations for good books on psychology for any person not having psychology as a major?
What books can one read to understand more about ancient Indian science and mathematics?
What books do doctors enjoy reading?
Who are some of the overrated Asian authors?
What are the best books for PCMB group 12?
Which book is good for coordination compounds in chemistry for the JEE?
Which book is best for English comprehension, grammar and vocabulary?
Which book is good on the working of GPS for beginners?
Which are the best books on the history of Indian in English literature?
What genre of books should I read to become a smart, tactful, and manipulative woman?
Which edition should I purchase of Solomon and Fryhle?
Where can I get some good online material on automobile parts and it's working, worth reading during summer?
Which books are the best to read about the challenges of life?
What book has complete information on film making?
Which books should I prefer for class 12 CHSE Odisha​ board?
What are some of the best books with which to learn dynamic programming?
In which book shop in Ranchi can I find Shubhash Dey's Business Studies book for Class 12?
Who has read a book authored by Andrus K Tebecis, PhD?
What is the sense in reading books if you later forget about most of them?
Which English books do you recommend for expanding my vocabulary with rare words?
Which novel should I read as my first novel if I do not like reading at all, but I need to keep myself busy because of my breakup?
Which is the best book for sales training?
What are the best books for a college student to read before going into enterprise software sales?
Why doesn't the Deep Learning Book reference any of Leslie Valiant's work?
Does Takshshila have any books for the CAT exam?
What are good books that happen in the period of World War I?
Which book should I buy in class 11 for chemistry?
What is the best book for antenna theory as a part to be studied for the GATE 2018?
Can I skip strength of materials and machine design classes from a GATE-centric point of view?
If you could erase one book series from ever being written, which would you choose and why?
What are some Adventurous novels every teenager must read?
What's the best book to introduce me to philosophy?
Which is the best PCM books for class11?
What are the best book materials and current affairs magazines for the preparation for the Karnataka Administrative Service (KAS) exam?
What is the best book for class X for the UPSTSE exam?
What are books for R programming?
What are the best books to learn EEE basics?
Which books related to finance could be of great help to an MBA student?
What is a great older kids book that is also a movie?
What are the important books for cat preparation?
Is there a word for the fear that one won't get to read all the books one would like to in a lifetime?
What is an online book for complete information about mutual funds?
If I took a specific book to the US, would it be confiscated?
What is a good book for theory for chemistry for JEE Main and Advanced?
What's a good book on neural nets and the like for someone not intimidated by (actually wants) math in the exposition?
How can an absolute beginner start studying German? What’s your recommended source?
What are some recommendations for some psychological books about understanding emotions?
Which books can I refer to for the KVPY-SA?
What are good books for telling me everything that my parents never taught me?
Can you suggest some good books for learning and speaking fluent English?
Should I buy old NCERT or new NCERT books for the basics?
Is the Pearson book for chemistry useful?
What books should I prefer for programming and coding? I am done with all my UG entrance exams but last time studied computers in class 8th.
What are the top books for leading remote teams?
What is the best spectroscopy book for Physical Chemistry?
How can we study if we are not having books?
What would be the best book or set of books for advance British English covering every part with voice and accent practice that is not boring?
What is the best book that can give you deep insight about hospitality and hospitality industry?
What are the best futurist book to boost creativity?
What are the best physical chemistry textbooks for IITs?
Which book should I refer to gain the basic knowledge about networking?
What are some good value for money book subscription boxes available in India?
Which are the best books for basic aerospace engineering?
What are the best books to learn technical aspects of screenwriting?
Which is your most favorite book in Harry Potter series? And what makes it your favorite?
Which is the best book for the SBI PO Descriptive Paper?
What books are available to learn about the history behind the naming of roads in Kolkata?
What is a good book about the Eastern Front in WWI?
What is the best books for engineering concepts?
Is reading non-fiction books with strong underlying lessons and morals an effective​ way to learn the first principles method of learning?
What book should I read to improve my math knowledge?
I'm planning on majoring in finance, someone provide me with a decent sized list of books that I should read?
What are some must read books according to Aviral Bhatnagar?
Is it okay for a student to read multiple computer science books simultaneously?
Is it possible to learn finance by oneself by reading books, than going to a B-School?
What are the best books on Tamil history?
Which books can I download for free in order to prepare for the general awareness part of the SSC CGL?
Where can I find fiction novels at a cheaper rate in Delhi?
What are some books that teach understanding of body language and different personalities?
How do you determine the kinds of books to use as reference in your research?
In a bag, there are 5 green books, 5 red books and 5 blue books. In how many ways can we fill 3 vacant places with these 15 books?
Which is the best book for preparation for the BHU entrance exam for an MBA agribusiness management?
Which are Awdesh Singh's favorite books?
What are the best metapapers about entrepeneurship development?
Which are the best reference books for IIT preparation in class 11?
Which books should I read to make myself fluent in English?
Which is the best book for share market study and investment?
What are some interesting books to read on economics?
How should I prepare for law and audits? Should I learn exactly the same language in books, or else can I use my own?
What are the best books for class 9 maths and science?
Which is the best book shop for selling used books in Chennai?
When I'm reading a book or watching a series, is it normal to stress all the time about when I'll finish it?
If you could only own one book about computer science/programming, what would it be?
What is the best book for the JEE for heat and thermodynamics?
Which 10-20 nonfiction books should one read to become a truly educated person?
Is there any difference in the RD Sharma class 11 book for ISC and CBSE?
Which Mathematics books do MIT/Stanford undergraduates use for Mathematics major?
What suggestions would you give to someone who is trying to write a book?
Which is the best book to refer for KMAT and PGCET for MBA?
Can you suggest some good books on Lord Shiva?
Which books are recommended for the ADC preliminary exam?
What are the names of some good books for IES preparation?
Which books are best for learning concepts from scratch for IIT-JEE preparation? I’m a class 11th student.
Which reference book is best for class 9th to become a topper?
What are the mathematics books to be followed to get strong in basics and fundamentals for Gate?
Which one is the best C programming book for the intermediate level?
What are some good nonfiction books (science-related preferable)?
What are some of the best short books (i.e. less than 250 pages)?
What are the books for studying international relations for competitive exams?
What are some good books with romance an adult in their early 20's would enjoy?
Which are the most appropriate books/materials for the sociology optional?
What topics do Leonard Susskind’s The Theoretical Minimum and his book Classical Mechanics cover? What's the difference between the two books?
Can you recommend any affordable nature resorts where I can get lost and finish my book, preferably with a grand view away from civilization?
Which practical book should I read for pathology?
What should be done for preparation for NEET? Which book holds well for NEET?
What are the best books for cracking Gate ECE and CAT?
What are books that teach on how to make money?
What are the best books about discipline?
Can somebody help me to find a book which will help me know about phrases like'honey trape'?
What are the books for mastering communication skills? I generally get blanked out in conversations.
What are some good books on business ideation, innovation and creativity?
What fiction do you recommend I read? (Check description.)
Which is the best book for preparation of the GATE exam? When should I start preparing as I am currently in my 4th semester?It branch
What kind of book would you like to read on your leisure time?
What is the best physics book for IGCSE 2017 in May/June?
Where are the best places to scrape metadata about popular fiction books?
Except for ficseek.com, what site is recommended for searching for free books?
What are the best magic books for an illusionists?
How many English books are there in the world?
Have you ever read any book more than 5 times?
Can you name an appropriate book for practising wavy curves and modulus?
I've been interested in Zen lately. Which book would you recommend?
What is it about a book cover that draws your eye?
How do I learn C network programming? Is there a book I can study?
What are the best books for communications professionals?
In today’s busy life, when do you read books?
What are the names of some good mystery novels?
What would you like to know about China? If it were in book form, what would the title be?
Why do people count the books they've read (as in a book challenge)? Why does that number matter?
Are side books important for class 11th?
Does reading books impact our psychology? Why do negative books impact us negatively and positive books impact us positively?
What books should I study for IELTS all sections to score approximately 8+ band score?
What are the best novels for a college student in fiction?
Punjabi is my mother tongue. Has anyone taken Punjabi as a compulsory language exam in the UPSC? What is it like, and which books should I study?
What book could be used for the statistical probability part in the actuary entrance exam (ACET)?
What's the latest book for PHP which involves the latest features and techniques for an intermediate developer?
What books are good to read to understand how derivative securities work under-the-hood?
What’s the best book on the comparative history/evolution of self-confidence levels of ethnic groups from caveman days to now?
What are some great books, in PDF format, for the international mathematics Olympiad?
Are there any books where the protagonist is more of an antagonist?
Which famous or popular books do you hate? Why?
Which book should I prefer for the 8th board and SOF Olympiads?
Indian history textbooks lack a lot of true Indian history; what could be the alternative rich reading sources for students from grades 6 to 12?
Which book best explains about energy in physics?
Which books and newspapers should I use for NABARD Grade A preparation?
What books are best in 11 and 12 for cracking the JEE?
What books will you (probably) never read, and why?
What are some books that people interested in NLP must read?
Is there any 80s or earlier science book (not science fiction) which 'predicted' that video calling would one day become an everyday phenomenon?
Which do you think are the top 5 must read books?
Which are some good books for the bank SO exam?
What are some good books on the history of the nationalist movement in Indochina?
What ancient Indian books (The Nighantus and other books) are there regarding plants in and out of Ayurveda?
Which book provides tier 2 maths question bank for SSC CGL?
What books do I study for the GRE Subject Test in English Literature?
Which books can I read to help me broaden my outlook, gain some self-confidence, and improve as a person?
Where can I get solutions to concept application exercises of Cengage books?
How can I prepare for MAH-MCA-CET with just self-study? What book can I use?
What is a great book to read on the historical development of Non-Euclidean geometry?
What are some modern book adaptations of Shakespeare's Othello?
Which is better: Pritesh Singh’s or Rajamahendran’s surgery book?
What are the best books to read for learning Ayurveda?
Which books or sites should I refer to for studying the basics of XML?
What is the best book you suggest to learn about viruses for someone with very little background in biology?
What are the top book recommendations on learning about various business industries?
Which is the best book to enhance English speaking skills?
What is the best model-posing reference book (or how-to-pose-a-model-in-fashion book)?
Which are some good books for GST?
What books would you recommend for a extremely intelligent 8 year old?
What are some books on organic gardening?
Which book do you love the best?
Are there good books out there written by Apollo missions engineers?
Is there a book which has the history and derivations of dimensionless numbers?
Are there any short textbooks on molecular and cellular biology?
What are some good books?
Does reading any book, which is not even related to my career, help me? I have read successful people read a lot.
Which are the best books for studying the basics of electricity and electronics for an individual with a mechanical engineering background?
Which book is best for Madhya Pradesh general knowledge?
What are the list of best books for digital logic design?
Where in Lahore can I sell my O and A level books for a good price?
Which book should I recommend for the preparation of GATE (mechanical)?
Which financial management books should I refer to? I am a science student, so I need to start from scratch.
What is the most life changing book you've ever read?
What are the best textbooks that will help me prepare very well for the GRE physics exam’s different parts?
Which are the best novels for motivation and inspiration?
Which book is the best?
Are Jaipur FIITJEE coaching chemistry packages enough for class 11 & 12, or do I need any other book? Which book should I refer to if needed?
Does listening to audio books increase your knowledge while decreasing your ability to read?
What is a good book on what our modern world is made of? One that has a general overview of what makes up our buildings, cars, electronic devices, etc
What are some good autobiographies, like Wings of Fire, that a student should read?
Which book should I follow on quantum physics for my graduation?
What is a detailed summary of the book Barnabus Mudpatch by Steve Moran?
What is a classy book in statics and dynamics for conceptual need? What are your suggestions for an undergraduate guy (hons. Mathematics)?
What are some novels which can change my life to understand what I should do?
Where can I buy the Condor Heroes book trilogy by Jin Yong/Louis Cha in English?
What are the best ways to support an author besides buying their books?
Which is the best novel to read in summer?
Which book is the best for self-study of CCNP routing and switching?
What is a good non-fiction book recommendation for vacation reading?
When someone writes an international bestselling novel, how much do they make from it?
What books do you consider must be read in their original language?
Which book should I give my teen siblings to get them interested in learning? Recommend any book: science, history, maths, literature, etc.
What are the best books for knew about Indian history?
What book would you recommend to read on a trek to Himalayas?
Where can one find the latest collection of e-books?
What are some Heart touching romantic novels or books with amazing plot twists?
Can you recommend some good fiction books with the action taking place in Miami?
What are some recent science-based relationship books that you like?
What are considered some must read books at any venture capitalist firm?
What was your favorite book and why?
How can I find this book, "Kaplan and Manner: Culture Theory"?
Which are the best 5 English novels for children?
Where and how can I study intermediate level XSS?
What are the best calculus books to have fun with for 12th pass students?
Which books are best for HTML?
What are great books for understanding Indian business culture for a Westerner?
Which book is best about a spy?
Why do engineering students score more when they study from reference books as compared to those who studies from simple printed notes?
What are some wedding readings from novels?
What are the standard books to follow for gate mechanical?
Can you recommend a book on Indian history (7th to 14th century)?
What are the best books/study aids to help interlink with medical subjects?
What book do you really want to read, but haven't gotten around to it?
Could a dropper who doesn't know a word about any chapter pass the NEET after one year of dedicated preparation? If so, which books should he use?
What are the best Marathi science fiction books?
Do you read many books?
Which books are best for IIT-JEE preparation to score 300 or more?
How can you read Harry Potter books without paying a penny?
What is the best book to learn music theory for a mathematician?
What are some books with similar plots to the Graveyard Book (child raised by supernatural beings)?
As a beginner, where should I start with artificial intelligence? What books would you suggest? Any experience will be appreciated.
Can I use my Marx horse collection in my story book and can I use their name?
Which is the best book to understand the same words used as different parts of speech?
What are some of your favorite guilty pleasure novels?
Can you suggest me some spiritual Indian books?
Does reading more books make you more confused and anxious?
Within how many days can I finish Word Power Made Easy by Norman Lewis?
What is the best accounting book?
What are some of the best books that you read during your time at the Young India Fellowship?
What books does Oliver Tate give Jordana in Submarine (2010)?
What are the seminal works in human resource management?
What are the best books to study mathematics for the GATE for a starter?
What is the most informational book you have ever read?
What is the best solution to begin reading books without getting bored?
What are the best books for CAT preparation for both logical reasoning and the verbal section?
How many of you think that the making of Bahubali will be highly informative and a text book for visual media and VFX students and be released soon?
Which books may be a good reference for general awareness and general knowledge for Delhi SI exam?
What are some books and websites with analogies or metaphors for mathematical concepts and formulas?
How can I summarize the book I read in a short period?
Which books should an electrical engineer read to get at par with BS physics?
How do I choose the perfect resource for JEE preparation, since there are a variety of good books to choose from?
What is the best book about Warren Buffett in Hindi?
What type of books are sold in India mostly?
Which is the best guide or reference book for 10th class, according to the CBSE pattern of 2017 (besides NCERT)?
What are the best books on moving on from a relationship that never started?
Can anyone recommend a novel to me? It must be the best that you've ever read and can help me build an interest in reading.
Which maths concepts book is best for IIT levels?
What are some recommended books for the RHCSA exam?
From which book can I clearly understand concepts in rotational mechanics for the JEE Advanced?
What is the SOPEP book?
What are the books to be referred for the JIPMER and AIIMS in 2017?
I just made the mistake of telling my main character of my book about his role in said book, and he asked me to leave him out of it. What do I do?
What was your good or bad experience with Just Books, Bangalore (any branch)?
Where can I get links for downloading ICSE recommended books?
Which book is best for banking preparation so as to score good marks?
What do you feel whenever a book you're reading has your name in it?
What are the best books to crack the JEE Mains and the BITSAT in 2018 with a good score?
Which are your favorite love stories by Catherine Cookson?
What are some of the books, videos and articles which will be helpful in preparing for MUNs?
Is a good understanding of second order optimization algorithms necessary to understand deep learning?
What is the best book for English literature for the UPSC or the state level competitive examnation?
What are your top 10 books on business and entrepreneurship in the 21st century?
Which book is better for JEE chemistry, Modern’s ABC or the MTG books?
Which book is best for the SSC JE Electronics?
Should I use only NCERT books for my class 10 annual exam? If no, then name that reference book?
What are some good books or sites to begin stock trading?
What books are based on history of India?
What are some books that intelligent individuals read?
What are the best books for IBPS PO preparation for the current syllabus and exam pattern?
What are some great books to read during college?
What is the best book about Irish and Gaelic mythology?
How do I create an interest in non-fiction books?
What are some good psychology books on how to live a good life, how to experience self-discovery, or how to understand different personalities?
What are the best books for stock investing for beginners? Can I invest in stock in other countries? What is penny stock?
Which inspiring and best books should an undergrad read in his free time?
Which is the best book on fluid mechanics for BARC interview preparation for chemical engineering?
What are some good scary, disturbing horror books to read?
What are some of the best novels that everyone should read once in their lifetime?
Could the events of the 1988 book, "Fire on the Mountain" have occurred the way they did in the book?
If you could write a book that everyone in the world would read what would you call it and what would it be about?
What security resources (books, blogs, courses, etc.) would you recommend?
Which reference books are best for informatics practices in class 11?
What are some of the books and videos I can refer to learn hacking? How much time does it take do so?
Is there any book that narrates the emotions of a person who sabotaged his own relationship, life?
What reference books are best for IIT JEE preparation?
What are some books that I can get for more knowledge in class 11 for an arts stream?
Which NCERT books are important for the UPSC prelim?
What are some of the best books for every woman who just started her career?
Which book you should be preferred for CA final auditing?
Which non-academic fiction books would Awdhesh Singh suggest that are related to bureaucracy?
For the NEET 2018, which book should I study for biology, Aakash modules or the ALLEN DLP book after the NCERT?
Which book should I study for aptitude exams?
Which are the best books to prepare for SNAP?
What books will be most useful to take with me to a CS professional open book exam (banking law and practice)?
What book should I read to know about motorcycles and automobiles?
What are some great books or websites about nutrition and weight loss?
What is the number one book to use as a guide to success?
What are the best books for geography as optional in IAS?
What are the names of a few good books for the IIT JAM in biological science?
What is the best book on candlestick trading for the stock market?
Which are the best books with which to learn about Rana Pratap Singh and Shivaji?
Which is the best book to learn wedding and ballroom gown pattern cutting and stitching?
I'm currently enrolled in a masters program of philosophy and would like to work on my logic skills. What activities/books would you suggest?
How do I know what is considered as dharma? Is there a specific book?
Does readings books about other people's life paths make you lose your originality as you try to replicate those ideas into yours?
Which book is the best to read about the earliest Indian civilization?
Which books are good to learn Visual Basic Application?
What is the best book for jQuery 3.x?
What should a good econometrician be reading every week?
Can I read competitive books on a Kindle?
What are your favorite humorous passages from a self-help or how-to book?
Which is the best reference book for Robotics and mechatronics for ESE preparation?
What are some books that talk about the hard truth about life?
Which books should I read to know more about the teachings of Swami Vivekananda?
What are the best books or movies about Nike?
What are the business books to study if you can’t afford college?
Can you recommend some books about teaching English?
How do I prepare for the KVPY SX exam? What books should I follow? Should I take the mocks for the same?
Which book is the best for the IIT JAM physics preparation?
What are some of the best books for a thorough knowledge of data structures?
What are some good suggestions for good books on quantum mechanics?
Which is the best book for the previous year’s solved papers of the GATE mechanical?
Are there any great books that speak, specifically, on how not to be passive aggressive?
What are Agatha Christie’s books like?
Which book is recommended for European history?
Which is the best book I should read for learning life lessons and life experiences?
Is “God's Equation” by Amir D. Aczel worth reading?
Which book of economics should I prefer to solve previous years’ questions for CBSE?
Which are some books that a commerce graduate must read?
Which is best English book to practice for CDS?
What types of books should a 9th class student read for IIT?
Which book is better for physics, D. C. Pandey or H. C. Verma?
What is the smartest way for preparing for Verbal Ability in CAT?
Which book is more preferable for an MT mechanical post at Vizag Steel Plant?
Which series of books are the best for the preparation of the MCAT, Kaplan or Exam Krackers?
What books are best for PCB for practicing objective-type questions for NEET 2018?
Which book is best for preparation of IIT for class 11 students?
Are there any books on operational management? I am looking for effective management for an electrical factory.
What are some good books that are just on the Nazi Party (NSDAP)?
What book can one read to learn the meaning of narcissism?
Which book is the best to study organic chemical reactions and their mechanisms for 11th grade?
Which is the best basic book (Indian author) to learn coding?
What are the non-fiction books written by INTJs?
What is the best book to learn C and C++ for beginners with no knowledge of codes?
Can any post photos of NCERT books (cover page) PCB? It looks silly but confused of NCERT books?
What are the best self-help books for beginners?
I want to start reading philosophy. Is Essays by Montaigne a good book to begin with?
What are some great children's books that adults can learn from?
What are the best books for class 10 CBSE?
What are some pointless books/movies?
Which is the best medical book?
How can I summarize the content of the book The Little Prince?
What books can help one to become more light-hearted?
Which book should I prefer for solving inequations for the JEE?
Is there any book that only contains sketching exercises?
What are some great books and articles on biases in human reasoning?
Do you provide a guest book at your vacation rental? What are some more interesting ideas that aren't just a standard book?
For which book I should go for the preparation of Architecture aptitude test?
Which is the best book of World knowledge?
Which educational books are expensive in India but cheap in countries like the USA or Canada, particularly for a student of +1 or +2?
What are the best books to learn about stock market in India?
Which book is better for the NEET '18 physics: DC Pandey or Errorless Physics?
Why don't I like to read books with dialogue?
Which are some good books to read on the topic of public health and policy?
Which is the best book to study switching theory and logic design?
What book is the most helpful?
What books are good for preparation for an MBA?
What are maths books for the JEE apart from NCERT and Exemplar? What are the best books for particular portions and what are the best complete books for the JEE (both exams)?
What are some good books based on Indian democracy?
How can I improve my English spelling and reading skills as a new learner?
Which is the best book for the JEE which explains all of the concepts in easy language, and has short trick formulas and the best numericals?
How do I pass the IELTS, and which books would help me to do so?
Which book is good for DSSSB preparation?
What is the best book for learning Ionic 3?
What book should I use to learn hacking?
How is Inamdar for GPAT preparation? Is it a good book to prefer?
What are some good books for JEE Chemistry namely Organic and Inorganic?
Which is the best portal for ordering books?
Has anyone here taken ASRB Mains in agriculture biotechnology? If yes, what are some important books and topics other aspirants should look to?
For Flat World Knowledge books, can a solution manual be accessed when self-studying?
Where can I get famous Telugu novels or books for negligible rates?
What are good books for UPSC AC?
Could someone suggest me some good websites for downloading e-books or PDFs?
How do you format action novels?
What is the best physics book for class 12 for clearing concept?
What books should I read before visiting China?
What is a good, complete book on software engineering?
Do you know any books about how to write good-quality fiction (fantasy)?
What are some books an engineering graduate should prefer for CAT preparation?
What are some of the best must read suspense fiction books?
What are the best movies and books set in Paris during the Belle Époque?
Which is the simplest book to read for studying coding?
Which is the best standard book for IIT JEE chemistry?
What are some of the best books for Gate ECE?
What are some good and tough books for IIT JEE preparation?
Which book should I buy for the CAT exam?
What are your favourite long novels?
How should I find out if I like computer science vs math? Can you suggest any books?
Which are best books for mechanical engineering 1st semester?
How often do you get books you want to read at cheaper rate in India?
Which are the best books to gain insights into mechanical engineering?
What are other good books like The Lovely Bones by Alice Sebold?
Which book should I use for JEE Main and Advanced?
What are the new good Indian novels to read currently?
Are Cengage physics books (Advanced series) enough to crack INPHO?
Ravindra Ravula sir, could you suggest some good autobiography books that you read and felt were worthwhile? I want to keep motivated while preparing for the GATE.
How do I prepare for the JEE Main, and what are some good books for doing so?
What types of books one must read to increase her/his view and intellectuality?
What are some good books on meditation after I know the basics of it?
What are the best book publishing agencies in 2017?
What are some websites that provides summaries of books?
Which book is good for learning about Alexander the Great?
Which book should I follow to clear the NSEB?
What are some of the brilliant books/sources to get "detailed" & "systematic" knowledge of India & Indian history from?
What are some illustrated encyclopedia about fantasy and folklore that reads like a D&D Monster Compendium?
Is the book Jd Lee worth buying?
In which library in Jodhpur can I read many novels?
Which is the best direct and indirect tax book which will help me in concept-building and, at the same time, is exam-oriented also?
What's the best books to read if I am a civil engineer?
What are your personal top 10 dystopian books?
What is the list of books/study guides do you think is essential in order to progress from Beginner (A1) to Intermediate (B2) French?
What's the best book to learn about operating systems at high-level function?
Which book is followed for data structure in KIIT in the 3rd semester?
Which books should I refer to for inorganic chemistry (BITSAT)?
What is the best novel for a school student?
What should I read in order to understand Swedenborg and his influence on Blake?
Where I can get the class 12th solutions of the DK Goel Accountancy book?
What is a good book on Computational neuroscience for the layperson?
What is the best book to improve standard conventions of English (lucid book)?
Is there any fictional and non-fictional book reading app?
What are the best books in defence of religion?
Which books should I use for NEET preparation And what startgery should I follow in summer vacations? I am in class 11th.
How can I collect research for a book?
Which is the best book for the GATE preparation for 2018?
Which are some of the best books for Research Methodology in Political Science?
What are some good books that teach you how to deal with different types of people?
What are the good books that I should go for to become a statistician?
I want to read some children's books for learning simple English. Can you suggest any?
How can I prepare for the FCI exam and what books do I have to read?
What are the best Books for Institutional economics?
Which books should I buy to prepare for NTSE?
What are some recommendations for good books on psychology for any person not having psychology as a major?
Which book is best for English comprehension, grammar and vocabulary?
What is the best book in design and analysis of algorithm?
What genre of books should I read to become a smart, tactful, and manipulative woman?
Which novel should I read as my first novel if I do not like reading at all, but I need to keep myself busy because of my breakup?
What are the best books for a college student to read before going into enterprise software sales?
What is the best book for understanding remittances?
What are the best mystery/thriller or horror book that you would suggest a 12 year old girl?
What are the best books to learn EEE basics?
Which books related to finance could be of great help to an MBA student?
Is there a word for the fear that one won't get to read all the books one would like to in a lifetime?
Which is the best book to practice mathematics for class 10th?
What's a good book on neural nets and the like for someone not intimidated by (actually wants) math in the exposition?
What are good books for telling me everything that my parents never taught me?
What is the best book that can give you deep insight about hospitality and hospitality industry?
Which book should I choose for the JEE?
What is a black book?
What are the best books for number theory and geometry?
What is the best book for machine learning applications?
What are the best books for GATE (electrical engineering) and any tips or suggestions for preparation, will be a great help?
Where do I buy books for 11th grade?
What are some must-read books for a 17-year-old who wants to be an entrepreneur?
What are some good preparation books for VITEEE?
What will inspire you to recommend a book?
What is the best book that explores the big 5 personality traits of human behavior?
What are some good books for someone getting out of Young Adult novels?
Would you ever recommend "The Book Thief" by Markus Zusak to any one of your friends? Why?
Which books will help me for the IAS preparations?
Are there any good books on the Bloods (especially the East Coast UBN/United Blood Nation)?
What book should I buy for Class 10?
Where can I find books/documents on Orange Data Mining?
Why is the majority of old books or novels only about noble people?
Timoshenko or Popov, which book is better?
Which is the best book for bank PO descriptive paper preparation?
Which book is best for the preparation of particular subjects, like Mathematics, English, and general studies, for the NDA/NA exam?
Which are the best books for the SSC CGLE exam preparation?
What are the best books from which I can learn how to use the subconscious mind for achieving goals?
Which are the best books to learn Fortran?
What book should we read for govt exams preparation?
Which types of books can be read after a breakup?
Which is the best book for beginners to learn about SAP FICO ?
Where can I best read books?
What is the latest IT book you have read?
What are some good books on learning Mandarin for absolute beginners?
What are the best books about free time management?
What books should I refer to in preparation for NET English Literature?
Could anybody show me a sample of a book report?
Can I study from just my institution’s books for Class 11, Narayana?
What books should one refer to for the MS exam in IIT Kharagpur (CSE)? It has Discrete Maths, digital logic and programming
What are some of the best self-help books for a 22-year-old guy?
Which are the must-read books on hacking?
How do you retain the best takeaways from your favourite books? Are there any hacks for doing so?
Which is the best book for a general studies NCETR for competitive exams?
How can I purchase a collection of books within several genres cheaply and have them shipped to Nigeria?
Any good book recommendations for teenagers?
Which Indian novels and books have got an international recognition and are actually interesting to read?
Why is 1984 such a good book?
What are some of the best fiction books of all time?
What are the best books for CLAT prep?
Which books has a similar heroine like Susannah Simon (The Mediator)?
What is the best math storybook for a 6-year-old kid?
What can I do if I am interested in selling books?
Which is the best electrical engineering book for sophomore undergraduates?
What are the best English novels to start with as a beginner?
Which book is best for the preparation of the BHU B.Sc. Maths level?
Which is the best library for renting psychology or advertising books in Mumbai?
How do I fill out an industrial training log book?
Which books or sites should I refer to to increase my knowledge about Number Theory (I know the basics)?
Which books youth of India is reading as of 2017?
What should I do if my university bills me for books I didn’t take?
What is the best book of maths for IIT preparation?
What books should a business-minded person read?
What mechanical books contain all exam questions and answers?
What are some of the best lines ever written in any novel?
Do I need to read the first 13 books before starting with '14th Deadly Sin' by James Patterson?
Do you have any book suggestions similar to The Mortal Instruments?
Which book is good for the GATE and clear concepts in mathematics in mechanical engineering?
Can you give me some links to objective books on physics, chemistry and biology for NEET preparation?
What is better, books or Quora?
Which book is better MTG or Trueman?
What books discuss linear algebra and tensors in a unified approach?
What books would you suggest for a student of PCB aiming for the AIIMS and currently promoted in class 11 CBSE?
What is the best book for a beginner to learn Java in 2017? Will the older books like “Head First Java” help in learning the latest version of Java?
What books would you recommend for an "Intermediate" student of business?
Which of Norman Lewis’ publications is better, Goyal or Penguin India?
I'm researching on Mata Hari's tactics as a spy. What books and references can you recommend?
What books are good to read after finishing the Harry Potter series?
What are the best reference books for CA-IPC Group 2?
Are there any serious scientific websites / books I may read about veganism?
Can I get any one book of Bankim Chandra Chatterji in Tamil?
What are good books or websites to prepare for the RBI grade B 2017? I’m a banker, so I hardly get a few hours to study, so I need good content related to the exam.
If you could own or read only one book about CS or programming, what would it be?
What are the best Asian books of all time?
How can I be an IAS officer, and what are the best books for preparation?
What class is good for NET mathematics preparation? Or how can I pass the exam by studying by myself? What are the best books?
Do the NCERT books need to be changed?
What are some worth reading English novels?
How good is the book from RK Rajput?
What are some good books about Camelot that can be read as myths (like the Odyssey)?
What are some books to help a baal teshuva learn how to keep Shabbat?
What are some interesting, easily available, books in Polish language?
What are all the best self help books to improve​ self-confidence​?
Do you buy (non-fiction) books or visit a bookstore?
What are some great Indian historical books (or novels)?
Is the book Design of Transmission Systems by Jayakumar good to refer to for actual design practices or only for exams?
Which non-technical book would you suggest to an energetic engineering student about the history of thermodynamics or the concept of entropy?
Which is the best book to understand the trading process of the stock market, provided I have sufficient commercial background?
Which reference book for humanities class 12 is better, JPH or Full Marks?
What are the books to be preferred to become a top tax auditor?
What is the best book to teach "Risk Management in banking"?
What kinds of books would you recommend for an English learner?
What books (fictional/non-fictional/autobiographies) you would recommend to a beginner?
What are the books to read if we want to discover the truth about India's independence, the freedom fighters involved and their true characters.?
What are the best books on the lorry and tanker industry?
What are some good books that explain software development process?
What are the five best books on diets and healthy lifestyle?
Are you a part of the book whistling silence?
Which are the books you mustn't miss out on before you turn 20?
What is the best book on calculus that teaches us the calculus required to understand quantum mechanics?
Are there any books only about Russian noun declension?
Which are the best books to prepare for the TISSNET 2018?
What is the best book of biology for 11-12?
What are the best self-study books for cracking the CAT 2017? I am a CA and will be taking the CAT for the first time. I have not touched Math since class X.
What are some famous French books?
What is best book for Lebesgue integration?
Which John Grisham book is the best?
Which is the best book for physiology in the 1st year of an MBBS?
What are some must-read books that are recommended, from all the genres?
What are some books that teach deception and manipulation?
What are the prescribed books for GRE preparation at present?
Which autobiography is worth reading?
What are some books having good calculus questions from the basic to the advanced level?
What are some good books on Renaissance art history discussed in the context of the socio-political change?
Which books should I read to be a psychologists without actually getting a degree?
Is there any book that introduces Japan's biological warfare?
What are the good books to study the European history?
What is the best book about Python for beginners?
Which is a good book in Chemistry for theory for JEE Mains and Advanced?
Which books are required to qualify for BBAU?
Are there any Gujarati books available as e-books?
What are your criticisms of Charles Dickens' books?
What books are good if you are appearing for the railway service competitive exam?
Are there any solutions provided for the book Mathematical Circles: (Russian Experience)?
Which economy book to reference for the UPSC exam, the one by Ramesh Singh or by the late Sanjeev Verma (updated)?
What is the best book on Palestinian politics (not on the conflict but rather the history and contemporary politics of the PLO, Fatah, and Hamas?)
Which physics book did you solve for pre-medical preparation?
Is it necessary to prepare from all three books, i.e. the study material, the guide books and the NCERT books, for the UP provincial civil services?
I'm searching for a thermodynamics exercise book (I prefer which has solution manual). Which one you will recommend?
What's a good book for self-study for pure mathematics?
What is the best book you would recommend to a friend to read?
If there is one book that you have read and would recommend that everybody should read it, what would it be?
Is there anywhere you can read the prophecies of Sweet Medicine, of the Cheyenne?
Which are some good books for CBSE 11th and 12th accountancy and economics?
What is the most advanced physics book for class 10?
Which books should I read to improve statistics?
What is the best book/material for learning javavscript?
Which books should I prefer to prepare for the GATE and the IESE in civil engineering?
What are good books or informational resources for men in their 50s considering having a second child?
What are the latest recommended world history books?
What are the most compelling arguments posed against Daniel Quinn's philosophy as it is presented in Ishmael?
Is there a book with a similar character like Caroline Forbes?
What is the best book I can gift to my 18 year old female friend?
What are the latest history books you can recommend?
Which is the best physics text book for BVP entrance exams?
What is a great book which will give me an overview of the most significant trends in IT?
What is the best book for the ABC’s of English grammar?
What are good Vedic books that I can learn manners and etiquette from?
If I'm thinking of a career in law, what are the best books to home study to get me on my way?
What are the best books for the APPSC Group 3 for the Mains?
What books should I read if I want to understand climate changes?
What fantasy book series offers dark powers to the main character (ex. Chronicles of the Necromancer)?
What reference books are suitable for students studying nursing?
What must-read books would you recommend?
What are the best books needed to crack the IMUCET?
What are the best books or links for preparing for the Financial Management section of the BOI credit officer exam? What are your suggestions?
Which are some books you suggest for economics and political science?
What is the syllabus for organic chemistry for IIT JAM and which reference books are to be followed?
What is the best book(s) on virology or virus?
Which books to study for programming data structures 2?
What are the best books you have ever read? Which one was the most interesting and intriguing to you? Why?
Which is the standard book for Mathematics section for GATE CSE?
Are there any 14 - 16 year old Quorans whose answers are worth reading?
What are Some of the best novels for complete brain wash?
When will a new edition of Universal Self Scorer come?
What is the best book to learn TensorFlow?
What books and resources would you recommend to learn designing and building APIs with Nodejs?
What are some books that are really similar to Dostoyevsky’s White Nights?
Which physics book is best for the class 12 ISC?
Who wrote book Unhappy India?
Are there any modern good books on coding viruses in high level languages like C/C++? I find the The Giant Black Book of Computer Viruses outdated.
Why are books interisting?
What books should we refer to for the NEET exam?
What is the best book or site to learn GK for XAT 2017?
Which is the best book on quantum mechanics for begginers having no background in calcalus?
What's the creepiest book you have ever read? Was it The Consumer?
How can I read a lot of books and learn from them, absorb all the information from them, and eat the material from them?
Which book should I reference to prepare for MT metallurgy at Vizag steel plant?
What are must-read materials for 6-year-olds?
What have you learned from a book?
What books do you recommend to start reading on Chomsky? Which ones are his best books?
What do you think about readers who add meaning (criticism) to book?
Is B L Gupta good enough to score 100 in economics in class 12 without tuitions? If not, which book should I refer to?
Which books are best for details of finance and investment, especially for students of IIM Ahemdabad?
Which are the must-read books to gain knowledge about Business and Pre-MBA?
Which order should I read Lacan?
Is there a medical book that explains pathologies as a novel or as a fictitious story?
Would a book labeled as alternative fiction put you off buying it?
What anime series are similar to Malazan Book of the Fallen?
What are the best books for energy audits?
What is the best seller book of all time?
How can I get useful English history articles and books in electronic edition?
If I want to learn how to track analytics to see how people use my iOS app and website, what books/ resources should I read?
What are the best books a person starting logo/identity design should read?
What does it mean if you choose a book to read and you don't remember what you read?
Do students outside India refer to Indian books for math and science?
What are good books on the Kapampangan people of the Philippines?
If the skills are learned from the net or books, how does a recruiter judge without the certificate?
What are the best reference books for commerce with maths in CBSE board? Both 11th and 12th.
What are the best books to understand how you think and what you believe about life, business or whatever it is that is important to you?
What are the best books for AAT after JEE advanced?
Where should I study for CPT, from the modules or from the J.K. Shah Classes book? How should I study economics?
Should I give up on finding a good book on Wattpad?
What is a recommended introductory book on educational testing for newbies with no background in either advanced math or statistics?
Which is the best book for RMO?
Which is the best book that explains about light and heat energy in depth?
Which book should I buy for CAT preparation?
What are the top 3 best books you have read?
What is the best book to help and lead USA immigrants to a successful path?
Which are the best books available for CA final in Pune?
If Quorans were like books, what books would they be?
What are the best books for preparing for the ICAR?
Is there book about retiring? My parents want to sell their house, it's too big for them. I need a book or a site to help them out.
What is the best book to prepare for 3-D geometry for the JEE?
Which books are great to read to help me reach success?
What are the 5 books that have inspired Warren Buffett?
Which book should I refer to to crack the JEE Mains and Advanced? The book should have sums from basics to higher levels with solutions.
Is it ok to study only the "Concepts of Physics" by HC Verma and not the NCERT book for class 12 board and AIPMT entrance?
What are the best books for Java programming and Python? Is there a book that features everything, from beginner to advanced?
What is the math book for the CAT?
What are the best books for theory for the NSEJS for class 9 and class 10?
What books should I read for an introduction about structures and buildings?
Apart from NCERT which books I should study class 12 economics and business from? I want to clear my concepts from the beginning only.
What are some of the best books/materials that can help me understand girls better?
What are some good books for Jews history and mythology?
What is a good book for statistics for the data science people?
Which are the recent good novels I can refer?
What course of action does Peter J. Wright recommend for someone who wants to learn a second lanuage but has never tried?
How do I read a lot of books with no time?
What are some good books on logical reasoning?
What are the best books for mathematics for class 12 students?
What are the very interesting novels based on history in Tamil?
What are some of the books for GRE preparation?
Could you recommend some books about rehabilitation?
What is the book’s name in the movie “MANAM” when Nagarjuna met with Samantha at the book shop?
What is the one book every INFJ must read?
What are the best books on problem-solving in industries?
How does reading help me?
Which is the best book for the basic knowledge of stock market and IPO?
What are some good behavioural science books?
Any good website or book where can I learn backend programming?
Which books should I read to prepare for the International Biology Olympiad?
Is there is any book which can teach me how to construct mathematics equations for programming languages?
Which reference books are better for class 10?
What are your favourite lines from books or novels you have read?
Which are the best novels for inspiration and motivation?
Which are the most reputable and important reference books for a CNC Machinist?
What are the best books explaining foreign currency exchange markets & transactions and their actual system/structure/working in real world?
What are some books that one should read during the second year of an economics honours course at DU?
Where can I read about latest tax laws?
What're Gordon Miller's top 5 favourite books?
Which is the best library in Kanpur to issue the books of competitions like JEE?
Frederick Forsyth has never written about India in any of his books?
What books must be read for improving financial literacy?
Sometimes a book can be a "cure", is there any book that effectively solved some problem in your life?
What are the great fictional book should I read which are available in free?
Is there any book named “Computer Organization and Microprocessors”?
Do I have to buy books in the 1st semester at SRM KKR campus or do they provide all of the books?
Can I read Nancy Drew books for free?
How is energy absorbed by an atom? Is there a book/course which explains this whole concept?
What is a good book about how to design maintainable programs and all the answers around why should I do one thing over another while programming?
What are some books that can help you in the future?
Which book would you suggest if it's gonna be my first book to read?
What is the "real thing" that MIT provides as an educational institution, having in mind that the same text books are being read universally?
Which book should I read for the UPSC syllabus of world history?
What are some basic books that a finance background student should read?
Which books are good for the APPSC Group 3 Mains?
Which are the best novels written in Gujarati?
Which are the best inspirational books to study while pursuing BBA?
What are the standard books of mathematics and science for 9th standard?
From which book should I prepare for elementary astronomy for the National Standard Examination in astronomy (NSEA-XII)?
Which is the best JEE book for chemistry (NCERT) for 11th and 12th?
What are the best reference books for professional knowledge on which we can rely fully to prepare for (IBPS) IT officer exam?
What is the most comprehensive book on animals of California?
Which book is best for learning SOP?
What is the best book to learn Spring?
What is the best book for non-conventional energy sources from an ESE point of view?
Which study material can cover the general awareness part of the SSC CGL?
What are some best biographies/autobiographies?
What books do I read to understand the OTC market?
If you could own/read only one book about programming/CS, what would it be?
What's a good series of science books?
Which book is better for MBBS ophthalmology, Parson or Khurana?
What is the best book for data structures through C?
What books do you recommend if I am willing to start a tech based startup?
What are the basic books which are sufficient for aptitude and mental ability in competitive exams?
Where can I buy a book that is out of print?
What is a good political non-bias book for teens that want to learn about an issue?
What books should I read to have a deep understanding of how OTC securities are built?
Which book is best for cbsce physics 12 class for numericals alone?
What type of books should I read if I am 18?
Which is the best book to prepare for logical reasoning, through self-study, for the CAT?
Which books are reliable for the JEE Main preparation (not necessarily for Advanced as well)?
What are some of the must read papers on Amyloidosis?
What books should one buy for clearing GATE CS 2018?
What are the best books for IIT JEE preparation by IITians?
What books should I read to become a poet?
What is the best book for start relativity?
Which is the best book for IPCC tax?
Which one maths foreign books which helps to build up concept on IIT level?
Where can I do the most difficult problems of the ECE subjects? What would be a list of books or sources?
Which is the best book with which to study for the AIIMS entrance exam?
What is the best book or source for theories of international relations?
What are the themes of the novel "The Metamorphosis of Prime Intellect" by Roger Williams?
What is the best book for SSC CGL English preparation?
What are books, podcasts, magazines, websites, industry leaders, articles, and research within Management Consulting to gain in-depth insight?
What are some good books by Iran authors?
What is the best book on how to teach science to children ever written?
So I have a couple of books that I have read and don't intend on reading them again, is there any website where I can sell used books in India?
Could anyone suggest a book to practice modulus and wavy curve forms?
Your home is going up in flames. You can only save one book. What book do you take with you?
What is the book “The Secret” written about?
What are some books that can read in free time for maths student?
Which site or book should I read to learn about exploits?
What are the useful links for AKTU syllabus and books?
What is a good book on western classical music for a novice ?
Are there any book recommendations about Sukarno?
What are the best books for the study of the MSC virology entrance exam?
Can I get Electronic Devices and Circuits – T.F. Bogart Jr., J.S.Beasley and G.Rico book online?
What are the best books to start preparing for civil services for beginners?
What are some good books for bridge analysis and design?
Which book should I refer to to make my organic chemistry knowledge strong both for the JEE Advanced and for scoring 100% in class 12?
What are the fundamental books on behavioral psychology?
What book is a good one to study the Legendre transformation from the very beginning?
What are the books, songs, poems, biographies, PDF you think can turn me from 'I don't want anything (even if I am fully capable)" to " Yeah! I'll do it"?
As a student, which Veda should I read?
What are the best illustrated topics from the various JEE books and how can you self-study from these books?
What books are similar to The Forty Rules of Love, which teaches you something about life, love and discovering oneself?
Which books should I refer to for AMIE section B mechanical engineering?
Which are the best psychological thriller novels, worth your time?
Are there any books that will help me to talk and think like a lawyer?
Is there any book for machine learning in pharmaceutical chemistry?
What l should do at my graduation level for my best career?
Is there any need to study extra books, like Pardeeps and Modern, for year droppers to crack the NEET?
What are the most powerful books for self-development?
What are the best books to prepare for the IBPS examination?
Is K.N.Sharma a good book for ISC Class XI and XII?
Which Leo Tolstoy book did I read?
Which books should one read and practise from for NEET, primarily for an AFMC aspirant?
What kind of book should I read after clearing CAT for an interview?
Which is the best book for SSC CGL 2017 tier 1?
Which book is better for the JEE Main for chemistry, MTG or Universal Self-Scorer Errorless?
What books should I read to start an apparel line?
What transformation did the book Awaken the Giant Within by Anthony Robbins bring in your life?
What book has helped you multiple times in your student life?
What are the best books for preparing for the 2018 GATE for mechanical engineering?
Is the writer Salman Rushdie anti-Muslim?
Is the book Computer Science Distilled good for people who want to learn computer science on their own? If not, what are some of the recommended books?
Which is the best maths book of class 8?
What are the best books for JEE aspirants in class 11?
What is the best book for Abstract Algebra in hons. level?
Which is the best book to read on Rumi’s love poems?
Which book is best for B Pharma study?
What books can one read to understand more about ancient Indian science and mathematics?
Who are some of the overrated Asian authors?
Which book is good on the working of GPS for beginners?
Which is the best children's book you have ever read in your native language?
What book has complete information on film making?
Which books should I prefer for class 12 CHSE Odisha​ board?
Which books are the best to read about the challenges of life?
In which book shop in Ranchi can I find Shubhash Dey's Business Studies book for Class 12?
What's the best book to introduce me to philosophy?
What is a great older kids book that is also a movie?
What is a good book for theory for chemistry for JEE Main and Advanced?
Should I buy old NCERT or new NCERT books for the basics?
Is the Pearson book for chemistry useful?
What books should I prefer for programming and coding? I am done with all my UG entrance exams but last time studied computers in class 8th.
What are the top books for leading remote teams?
How can we study if we are not having books?
What books should I read on ancient battle strategy and tactics?
Is Universal Self Scorer a good book for the JEE Mains and Advanced?
Is there any work books for civil exam?
Is there any famous book that was written in less than a week?
What are the books available on amazon.com for beginners to learn System Designs?
What are the settings of the novel "The Metamorphosis of Prime Intellect" by Roger Williams?
Can you suggest few English novels that portray psycho-sexual disorders?
Can Awdhesh Singh Sir share the names of his favourite top 10 self-help books?
Which books should I read for the CAT exam preparation?
Which book should I buy to prepare for AIEEE?
What is the complete list of books one needs to read to clear UPSC with Political Science as an optional?
What are the best agricultural books?
Which are the best books for a 11 -12 th class student to prepare for SAT?
Can I get Yandamoori’s books?
Which books are the best for preparation for the Bank of India credit officer exam 2017?
What is the best Darood Sharif which defines everything about Muhammad (saw)?
Which is the best book on energetics (physics)?
What are some books everyone should read in life?
What is the best book and MOOCs to understand digital marketing and blogging?
Which books of fiction couldn't have been written without World War 2?
What are the best books for learning about finance?
What books should I refer to for the NET exam, Paper 1?
What are some of the best books available in PDF format for learning Java? Can you give the links?
Where can I find books, movies, and plays?
What is your review of the book The Most Beautiful: My Life with Prince written by Prince’s first wife Mayte Garcia?
What kind of book should I read to improve my confidence?
Which books should a person have to read to get to the same level as Elon Musk or Bill Gates?
What is a good book or resource for studying the history of special relativity?
How do you keep a book's cover from suspending?
Which are the best detailed books for learning ethical hacking from scratch?
What are the best books/study aids to help interlink medical subjects?
What 3-5 biographies would you suggest to have a competent understanding of US history?
What are some good online learning materials/books to study about warehousing and logistics in general or that are specific to Europe?
What does “vintage” written on a book cover mean?
Can you recommend good reference sources for the subject of global trends in mobile education?
Which book is good for TV & radar engineering?
What are some good book recommendations for Peace and Conflict studies?
What are the books to read for preparing PCSJ exams?
What are some of the best chemistry books that I should refer for my IIT JEE preparation for all the three sections (physical, organic and inorganic)?
Which books should I prefer for metric spaces and complex analysis?
What are the best books on Aryans?
How can people get the most out of the self-help books they read?
How do I prepare for the SSC JE electrical, and which books should I follow?
Which book should I buy for algebra? I have completed Cengage algebra and I'm looking forward to good and challenging problems.
What do we already know about "thoughts"? What field of science studies them? What are some book suggestions?
How should I start if I want to build my own (private) library?
What are some great books related to ecology and the environment?
What are the best books and/or magazines in finance and economics that a newbie should read?
Which book is better to achieve a good rank in Karnataka PGCET mechanical engineering?
What is the most advanced sacred book in terms of approaching a meaningful understanding of ethics and the deep nature of reality?
Who are the best book writers whose names are even heard today?
What are the books that are the must reads for a first-time startup founder?
What are the best books which influenced your life and will recommend to your readers?
What are some books that one can read during pre-MBA period which helps them for MBA?
Which is the best book for an Indian Navy tradesman?
What is the shortest time you finished reading a computer science related book like reading it as a novel, and grasped the concepts?
What are the best books for practicing PCM for JEE Mains and Advanced from basic to hard problems?
What are the best leftist books you came across?
Which books are good for me to read during my free time (fantasy is my choice)?
Which book is best for concept clearing in Maths for BITSAT?
Which book is the best for circuit analysis exam preparation for an EEE first year student?
Which is best book for mathematics class 10 CBSE?
What books would you recommend someone who wants to learn the philosophy in Hinduism?
I'm considering taking a PhD in neurochemisty, which books I need to read to get into the subject?
Are there any good books which discuss the transitions in health and social care?
Is there a basic, unbiased book on economics you recommend?
What are your top 10 books/movies/games/songs this year?
For the chemistry MCQ (JEE), what type of book should I use?
Which book of Physics is best for the preparation of JEE Advanced?
What is the best reasoning book for SSC bank exam etc.?
Which book is best for Urdu poetry?
Which books do you recommend to read while travelling around Europe?
Which are the books to read or online courses to do if I want to invest in the stock market (I'm a noob)?
Which is the best book that is much more innovative and increases our creativity, logic and other mental development?
Which is the best book to study chemistry from?
Which book should I prefer for BITSAT maths, RD Sharma or A Das Gupta?
Which is the best book to learn about calculus which is required to start learning quantum mechanics?
What topics do you want to cover in the Jenkins book that has a targeted audience of beginners and intermediate level?
How useful will it be to read the book of Einstein 'The World as I See It'?
What is the average ratio between reviews written and the number of books purchased?
Is anyone interested in vintage books, circa 1850 - 1950? Various topics: gardening, jazz, embroidery, religion, poetry, novels.
Which is the best book for cell biology and genetics for a bachelor’s course?
What is the best book, CA IPCC Costing and FM, or is Paduka better?
Which books do you recommend 20-year-olds to read before they reach 30?
Which is the best book to learn game programming as beginner?
How many books besides the new book "Wake Up American" tells of a Hillary Clinton presidency if she were elected?
How is energy transformed? Is there any book that explains this?
What topics are best illustrated in the various books of JEE? How do I prepare from these books?
What are some of the greatest business books Gordon Miller can recommend for me to read?
Which books are required reading for JEE Main?
Resonance DLPD modules vs Arihant books for JEE which one is better?
We all know that H. C. Verma is the best in the case of physics. Likewise, what is the best best book in chemistry for cracking the NEET?
What is the book about the war that is run by computers?
What is the best book of reasoning for recent banking exams?
What is the best book to learn design patterns in Java Script?
Is an ultimate book of accountancy good for board exams?
Which book should I refer to in order to crack the Karnataka State Psi exam?
Which book contains the story of King David?
Which books should I choose for the MPSC?
What are some good books about physics and science for a starter?
What is the best PTE Academic book for preparation?
What is the best, not well known, book that you have ever read?
Who writes blogs on Quora about history, books, anthropology, myth, Christian history, geography, or travel?
What are some books that romanticize mental illness?
Which are the best books for young entrepreneurs?
What connections between worlds are there in Brandon Sanderson's Cosmere books and what does it suggest for the future Stormlight Archive books?
What themes in fiction do people want to read about today?
Which maths book is best for class 9?
What are the best ways for introverts to promote books they've authored?
Where can I find books that will teach me how to hack?
What's the best IAS book?
What are the best books on Classroom Management for adults?
What are the best books to learn about Business English?
What kind of book should I read as a freshman recruiter? Or, what things should I learn deeper, so I could be a master in interviews?
What is the best book about wealth management for beginners?
In what order should I read Pushkin, Turgenev, Gogol, Dostoevsky, and Tolstoy?
What is a good book for engineering mathematics for GATE prep?
Is Objective Approach to Mathematics by Amit Agarwal the right book for the JEE Mains?
How much time do I need to succeed in the TestDaF? And what books do you recommend for the preparation?
Can you recommend me a good book that explores the concepts behind codecs, container formats, and the fundamentals of computer files?
What is the reference maths book for gate EE?
Which books are good to learn 'யாப்பிலக்கணம்' (Yappu Ilakkanam)?
How should I learn aptitude and reasoning from zero level at home with the help of the Internet and books?
Which novels are most like The Vampire Chronicles, but not written by Anne Rice?
What books will you recommend in order to develop a strong understanding of financial engineering, empirical finance and valuation principles?
Which is the best book for IPCC law and taxation having lots of questions for practice?
What sci-fi books have non-human main characters?
Can you summarize the useful points of a book you have read in 200 words?
As a MBA student, how can one learn apart from books?
What'd be the best choices of books to start with economics?
Where do I find links to biography books online?
What are some of the best novels which can be made into a movie like Bahubali in India?
Are there any good books similar to ASOIAF and The Witcher Saga?
I'm close to finish reading calculus by stewart. So what books should read next?
What are some books which help in developing critical thinking?
What are some good introductory books and MOOC courses for learning piano from scratch?
Which book is best for British poetry in a Master’s in English?
What is the summary of a book named Dingoes at Dinnertime?
What are the standard text books for environmental engineering?
I'm a commerce student. Do I need to join some institute to prepare for the entrance exams of 2018 or do I need to read some specific newspapers?
What are some suggestions for any good book or website to learn back-end programming?
Does The Magic book really help to motivate?
Should I buy the biography book of Steve Jobs that was written by Walter Isaacson?
How do you read a book that you want to write a review on?
What are your reviews about " a brief history of time" book?
Which book is useful to study for the class 10 CBSE exam in 2017-2018?
What are some great books/novels on philosophy (non romantic or preachy) in Punjabi literature?
Which books should I read if I want to develop an app and I am not a computer programmer?
Which electrical book is used in IIT colleges?
Which are the best books for problem solving in physics and mathematics for the IIT JEE?
What are the best objective books for medical preparation?
What are some recommended books for Kas maths?
What are the top most inspirational books?
Which books should we take for PCM in 11?
Is Pradeep's Fundamental Physics good for AIIMS and NEET preparation?
What are the best books/websites for learning physics according to you?
Which book is good for GATE and concepts to clear mechanical engineering?
Which 5 books would you expect a head of technology to have definitely read?
What are some good books for growing my general knowledge?
What is a book/material about the philosophy of software testing?
Which are the best books in general to read?
Which books are preferable only for practicing mathematics for the GATE and ESE?
What are the best books on project management in a scientific/engineering context?
What are the books that can be referred to, while studying European history?
What are the best books on Chanikya's principles?
What is any book on the theory of numbers?
Are there different writers of NCERT books? If yes, then who is the best writer?
What is best book for IIT preparation for 6 class?
Which is the best book to learn Java Scripting from scratch?
Can somebody suggest good books on death, karma, and reincarnation?
What math books can help a gifted young elementary student cultivate a love for mathematics?
Which is the best book for numericals in physics for the IIT-JEE? I already have Irodov.
Did you read the novel “The Fantasist?” What do you think about it?
What are the top CGL entrance exam books?
Which books should I read to improve my knowledge of Indian constitution?
What is an in-depth book on digital ad operations?
What booking system does Everwise use?
Which book is the best supporting book for chemistry CBSE class 11?
Where can I find dark mystery gothic adventurous and sinister novels and books set in the British Raj?
What books should I read for the NEET PG?
Why are there so few books about Eli Whitney?
What are some good books to clear economics’ basics? Also, how can one get profuse knowledge in economics?
What books are on teenagers’ 2017 summer reading lists?
Which book should I choose for basic maths?
What is the most interesting biography, autobiography or a memoir you have read in recent times?
What are some good books for welding fixture design?
What is the software from which Facebook is programmed?
Where can I get an errorless physics book for free?
What is the most gripping book you have ever read?
As a dropper for IIT what is the best set of books to stick to?
Is there any good book for the answer to the relationship between law and morality?
How do I score good marks in the Diploma CET exam? Which books should I read, and what tricks should be used in writing the exam?
What are some great books to read on building a tough mindset?
What are some children's books that aid their introduction/learning to/of philosophy?
Which books should I refer for concept clarity for accounts 1 IPCC?
Which books are needed to clear AFCAT?
What do you think of the book Lawrence of Arabia?
Which book best explains about physics of energy and it's transformation?
What are the best proportions of white space to use in book design?
When preparing for the GATE exam in electronics, which book should I prefer?
Where can I get good book reviews?
What will be the best book for class 12 math for JEE?
What are the best and the toughest books for IITJEE Math?
What are the best non-fiction books of all time and why?
What are the best reading books one should never miss in everyone's life?
Are there any books or articles that discusses Abu Bakar Naji's "Management of Savagery" comprehensively?
What book should I buy for NTSE preparation?
What are the best books of SaaS product marketing?
Have you read the book Unscripted: Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Entrepreneurship by MJ DeMarco?
What are the authentic books of the IPC and CrPC for the department exam?
Which book should I read for The Mahabharata?
How do I use mind mapping when I read a book since CV I wants to do that?
What are the top ten biographies that you would recommend definitely to read for a young man in his life?
Which books should be studied for NSEJS?
I'm interested in learning about cat breeding, what are some basic things to consider? Any good books on the subject?
What books are taught at TISS?
Which spoken English book is the best?
Which books would Gordon Miller recommend for financial success?
What books would gordon miller advice to read for business literacy?
What are some good books to practice logarithms?
What book should I use for CA final auditing? I prefer a book which has elaborate explanations and should not be in Q&A format.
As an NDA aspirant, which books should I read in my spare time?
Where can I find some really good books about how to have a better self-confidence?
What are some great books to read to figure out what I wanna do in life and how to succeed at that?
What are some good Islamic apologetic books?
Which books do you recommend in parenting?
Are there any good modern control books that have examples or a solution manual?
What are some good books to learn about the Indian Armed Forces in detail?
Can you rate all RK Rajput books for mechanical engineering on a scale of 1 to 10 (for GATE & understanding purposes)?
Which MCQ books should be referred or solved for JEE?
What is a good book for a new entry in the Python world?
What can you tell us about your book?
Which is the best book of DISCRETE Mathematics (CSE) for preparing GATE CSE?
What are the best books or links for preparing for the financial management section of the BOI credit officer exam?
Which is the best book to learn/study Microsoft Exchange Server 2010?
Do teenagers have to read the world classics books in high school in your country? Which ones are "must-read"?
Which is the best physics book which explains each concept in detail and in a good manner?
What are the top 10 books that every business student should read?
What is a unique knowledge book in India?
Why do some people read a lot of books? How is that such an interesting hobby?
What are some good books to read for a highschool philosophy club?
Which books should I read for RAS?
What are some good books to learn accounting and Indian laws for businesses and about Indian taxes?
Which books have you read more than 2 times?
Where can I find a free book to learn enough React Native to develop apps?
Which books should one read to improve English communication?
Which is the best book on philosophy for a beginner?
Which is the best book to clear the concept of mathematics for SSC CGL, RD Sharma or NCERT?
How does the book " silent spring" changed your life?
Which is the best online website or book for learning RTOS?
What is the best book that can have an impact on our lives?
What chapters should be covered in the linear programming for mathematics optional from the Krishna series of books?
What are the 5 five books that everyone who is new to reading novels should read?
Which books do you recommend for aptitude problems asked at CA interviews?
What is the best book to test Python skills for beginners?
What are the names of Some good reference books for class 11th for JEE preparations?
What are the most misogynistic books?
What are some books for an entrance exam on virology?
What books on bipolar disorder have you found to be the best? I loved "An Unquiet Mind" by Kay Jamison and recommend it.
Is there any book or blog explaining microservices from beginner to advanced level?
How do I find books on the history of liberalism?
What are some good books that are basically autobiographies/biographies of successful marriages?
What is the best book on Data Science and/or Predictive Analytics for a newbie in the field?
What are the different text features in a book?
What are some effective books on how to control and rule people?
What are some best books available on Kindle for free?
What is a synopsis of the book "How I Became Stupid” by Martin Page?
Why do people sit with a pencil while reading a book?
Is there a book that just lists out inbuilt methods on Python?
What are some good books for an absolute beginner in drawing and illustration?
Which books reference more short-cut principles for the CGL Tier 1 aptitudes?
What are some of the most useful reference book you ever came across?
What are best medieval history fiction books?
What should teen fiction novels contain?
Which book is better for inorganic chemistry - J. D. Lee or Prabhat Kumar?
Which books are best for preparation for an L&T interview?
Can I just start reading The Heroes of Olympus (The Lost Hero), without reading any other Percy Jackson book?
What are the best medical thriller books to read?
What book should I buy for 12th physics?
Which books should I prefer for relations and functions?
Which is the best book to learn C and C++ both starting from basic to advanced level?
Which is best book for 12 board (CBSE) maths?
Which books are the best for a beginner to become fluent in Russian?
What are the best novels based on "Travelling Around the World"?
Which book in manufacturing should I use for the preparation of GATE?
What is the base for civil engineering code? Is that practically examined?
In preparation for the NEET and AIIMS, which one is better for physics, USS or D.C. Pandey? What other books are most like HCV, etc.?
How can I learn faster and read a good book?
What are the best books to read by a medical student apart from his subject?
Which books should I follow for CBSE class 11 in chemistry and physics if my concepts are weak?
Which book can I read to get unbiased insights of Naxalism?
What are some of the good maths and GK books for competitive job exams?
Which type of glass do I need to make some Prince Rupert’s Drops? Also, what are some good books about them or good internet pages?
What are your recommendations for books in the horror, suspense, and/or paranormal genres?
What books do you recommend to learn more about economics?
Are there any books for adults who used to be bullied/excluded as children?
Which is the best book for mathematics CBSE class 11?
Why don't I like books with dialogue?
What is the best Mathematics book for entrance preparation?
What are some books a 14 year old should read?
Should the book Capital in the 21st Century be mandatory reading for the US electorate?
Which are the best standard books for preparation for the GATE for mechanical?
What are life-changing books out there with regards to becoming a financial success?
Which is the oldest book on parapsychology?
What are some recommendations for some good books on psychology for someone not having psychology as a major?
What are some books to read this November?
What is the best book to learn hacking for the students of grade: 9 - 10?
What are the books to be referred to for the Political Science optional subject of UPSC, and what are lectures to be watched?
Which is the best book to learn stock marketing for begineers?
What are some good Indian fiction novels about love?
Which books should I study for NEET 2018?
Are there any good books to help with a restaurant setup?
What books should I read to get into BUET?
Which is the best book for basic knowledge of stock market and IPO ?
What are the best books for the 2018 UPPSC?
Is MTG’s NEET guide for chemistry a good book for chemistry preparation?
How do I read what I don't like?
Which book is better for biology in the class 12 boards exam?
Which is better, reading two books or reading a book twice?
What is the best book on quantum mechanics for a beginner with very little background in calculus?
Where can I read Relentless: From Good to Great to Unstoppable by Tim S. Grover?
What are the best novels and Knowledge books you would recommend for?
Which book should I refer for doing the JEE Mains and Advanced Physics?
What are the best books for learning about chest X-rays?
Can you suggest me some good non-fiction science books to read? I am reading Cosmos by Carl Sagan and finding it fascinating.
What is the best Christian book for overcoming doubt and worry?
Which books should we choose for BITS, and when should we start?
What are some theory books for physics & chemistry to prepare for the NEET?
What are some books that can truly motivate you to go ahead in life?
What are the best books to read if I want to make my career in investment banking?
How can we get used books online?
What are the most unmissable books?
What does it mean to be following the heart, as mentioned in the book "The Alchemist"?
Which book should I buy for the IIT-JEE physics if am self-studying?
Are there any books for getting a thorough understanding of the SWIFT messaging system?
What are some strategic thinking books that can help with my professional career?
When is the next edition of Nishit K. Sinha's CAT books coming out for the CAT 2018?
What book inspired you to make reading a love for a lifetime?
Are there any good, free, science and theories related books on Kindle like the theory of relativity?
Are there any books for the travel industry that help in grooming up on travel knowledge?
Which is the best book or way to understand the equivalent concept?
What are some good books on Roman law?
What are some dark sides of self-help books?
Should we study exact words as written in the book or should we study the concepts in our own words?
Which is the best book to read before becoming 20?
How and when should I read a book of poems?
What are the best introductory books for the category of theory?
How do books contribute to the success of a lawyer?
What is the one book you will never read to your gifted child and why?
Which is the best book and way to gain the basic knowledge for an IPO in India?
What are some really good sci-fi books?
What are the best books to increase my skills in Finance?
What resources or books are sufficient or should be read for NEET preparation in Hindi?
What are the best skills I should learn?
Which book is good for calculus in BITSAT?
How do I start studies in class 11 (for commerce students)? What are the best books to start studying?
Which are some of the best books for PCM and computer for preparing for JEE Main?
What are some books that every man needs to read?
What are the best photogrammetry books?
Which is a good iOS app for reading any books online?
What books can I read to take my life and self less seriously?
What book about databases was written by C.J. Date?
What are the best books for learning about Maharana Pratap Singh?
What book is currently on your reading list this week?
What are some love story novels with sad endings?
What would you like to know about India? If it came as a book form, what would be the title?
Which book should I go for understanding the basics of Psycholinguistic? (I have no background in psychology & preparing it fr PhD entrance exam)
What is the best book on maths literature?
What are good reference books for the CAPF exam?
What are some of the best books to study for the M.Sc microbiology entrance exam?
What are the best books to crack the IIT entrance examination?
(Spoilers welcome) Who are some narcissistic characters in literary fiction? Specifically cite detailed examples and titles of books.
What kinds of Indian books do you like to read in terms of genre? Does India have a great fictional fantasy book?
What are some good books to help an aspiring baal teshuva learn how to keep Shabbat?
Are there any books related to human psychology, specifically describing why humans behave a certain way?
What are some books regarding marketing for Beginners?
If you could recommend one great business/entrepreneurial book, what would it be?
Which is the best book for physics for IIT?
What would your personality be like if you had never read a book in your life?
What is the best book for developing concepts in mathematics?
What are the best novels with science fiction and humor?
What are some good locations in Wayanad District to book a room?
What are J. Krishnamurti’s famous books’ names?
What are some of the best books to study hydrodynamic stability?
What would you suggest a naive reader to start with?
What are some fictional novels about the Russian mafia?
What books should I read in high school to help me get into college?
Which is the best refrence book for class 11 physics if the aim is not to clear any competition and just to gain marks in 11th exams?
What was the Vietnam War like for Communist soldiers? Are there any sources or books you could recommend?
What are some free online books to read?
Which book is best for the preparation of maths, English and general study for NDA?
How is the US portrayed in the history books of your country?
What are the best ways to learn new topics for engineering students? Listening to lectures or reading books?
Can you show your collection of books for the JEE preparation?
Which websites contain the most in-depth book reviews?
What are the best 'worked example' coding text books for all languages?
Which books have created the most impact on your overall living style/thinking and career growth?
Which novels should be read by everyone?
What would a history book about 2017 look like?
How should I start economics for CSE? Should I read the book or just go through the Unacademy NCERT economics summary?
What is a good book with a fictional/nonfictional narrative to it?
How do I get motivated to read more books as a teenager and get smarter?
Why does every dyslexic protagonist in a book are always male?
What are some good fictional or non-fictional philosophical novels about life, relationships, and human nature?
How can I learn everything I can, read more books and absorb more material?
Which book store in Patna is best for buying Cengage books?
What are the extra books to read and understand to pass the JEE Advanced?
Does anyone have any suggestions for a mystery series to read?
Which book should I prefer in physics for IIT JEE Advanced?
Is there any book for beginners to understand basic human psychology?
Which books should I refer for writing skill in Maharashtra board HSC?
Is ISC Mathematics by Gupta and Bansal (Sultan Chand Publishing) a good mathematics book for IIT?
What are the names of some good books for increasing the perspective required for the UPSC?
What is the best way to study a book?
Which book should I use for the IGNOU M.Com exams?
Which books should one read in high school to get a deep knowledge of cosmology?
What are some great books on salesmanship and lead nurturing?
How do I start preparing for shorthand at home and gain 100 wpm speed for the SSC stenographer exam? Please recommend books, tips, etc.
Which books are preferable for an MT electrical post at a Vizag Steel plant?
What are the best books for PCMB group 12?
Which book is good for coordination compounds in chemistry for the JEE?
What are some of the best books with which to learn dynamic programming?
Which edition should I purchase of Solomon and Fryhle?
Where can I get some good online material on automobile parts and it's working, worth reading during summer?
What is the sense in reading books if you later forget about most of them?
Which is the best book for sales training?
Why doesn't the Deep Learning Book reference any of Leslie Valiant's work?
Which book should I buy in class 11 for chemistry?
What is the best book for antenna theory as a part to be studied for the GATE 2018?
Can I skip strength of materials and machine design classes from a GATE-centric point of view?
What are the age ranges for children's books?
If you could erase one book series from ever being written, which would you choose and why?
What are the best book materials and current affairs magazines for the preparation for the Karnataka Administrative Service (KAS) exam?
What are the important books for cat preparation?
What is an online book for complete information about mutual funds?
What is the best book for nuclear physics for a beginner?
How can an absolute beginner start studying German? What’s your recommended source?
What are some recommendations for some psychological books about understanding emotions?
Which books can I refer to for the KVPY-SA?
Can you suggest some good books for learning and speaking fluent English?
What is the best spectroscopy book for Physical Chemistry?
What would be the best book or set of books for advance British English covering every part with voice and accent practice that is not boring?
Which books are required reading for mechanical for the GATE?
What are your favorite humorous passages from a science article or book?
What are the attributes of a wise person? What books should I read in order to expand my mind?
What is the best book for information technology if I am a beginner?
Which Indian science book should I read?
Are there good book treatment examples?
Which book is about karma? Is it available in Malayalam?
What are the best CSIR life sciences books to prepare to crack the exam by 100%?
I got a science fiction book, where can I get it edited and published?
What are the differences between the old edition and new edition of IIT JEE books?
How much time should 2 paragraphs cover in my book?
Which mouth organ is best for beginners?
What are some good books on advanced Graphology?
What are good books to learn about magnetic materials?
Which books are best to prepare for IIT-JAM/TIFR/JEST (Physics) and BSc. Physics university exams?
Where can I find a list of books with archaic language?
Which book should I use for NEET: Pradeep or USS?
What is a really good book for Java and data structure, as a beginner?
According to you, what are the ten books which are "must read" books?
Which are the best reference books for class 11 CBSE science (physics, chemistry and biology)?
What are the best books about microbiology for the first year of an MBBS course?
Which are the best books of American literature for NET?
Which books are best to prepare for the 2017 Bank of India credit officer exam?
What kind of books are used for a book fair?
I have not read any novel till now, which novel should I read?
What books should I refer to for the KAS exam? If I'm studying without outside coaching, how should I study?
What books should I read for medical PG entrance examinations?
Which general awareness book is good for competitive exams?
What is the best reference book for the IES 2017 for mechanical engineering?
To which book should I refer to crack NEET?
How can books like The Prince and The Art of War help me be a better manager/entrepreneur?
Is there any book about the relationship between music and math?
What kind of book or series could help stigma associated with suicide?
What are some random good books?
Which books can I read to get *UNBAISED* insights of Naxalism in India?
What are the books that contain the secrets of the universe, regarding how to get wealthy?
What are the best books to learn about the space race?
Which is a great book about couple's communication?
What books are needed for NEET medical?
Should I self-study German with an app or with a grammar book?
Do we have some website or book to learn hacking?
What are the best books for civil engineering in order to crack the GATE for ESE?
Which book should we prefer for physics in class 11?
How often does Gordon Miller read books?
What is the best reference book for class 9?
Which book is best on Indian Polity, which covers knowledge from basic to last?
Which are the interesting books for beginners?
What is the best & favourite book you have read?
Which book should I prefer for the 10th CBSE in maths?
Which is the best book for the IIT JEE 2019 physics and mathematics theory parts?
Has anyone read the book "Brain Droppings" by George Carlin? What are your views about it?
What are the best inspiration and public speaking books to read?
How can I find books related to my passion?
What is the best book introducing the basics of biostatistics and concepts like distributions, hypothesis testing and the like?
What (non best seller) books influenced you the most and why?
What is the most important book of the 21st century?
Is a reference book necessary for class 10 CBSE (2018 batch)?
What is the best book for essay writing in UPSC Mains? I am doing self study.
What are some character driven novels?
Is there any book to understand framing of conversation or arguments to our favor?
What are the best Finance and stock books for a 17y old?
How do I prepare for SNUSAT? And are there recommended books for it?
What would the best book to read by people in their early 20s be?
Which book is better for chemistry class 10: Viraf Dalal or Together With?
Can I really live out my fantasies like I've read about in fiction novels and seen in pornographic films?
I want to give PGCET exam this year, which book should I prefer for preparation?
What is the best guide book for CBSE for science?
Which is the best reference book for CSE branch?
What are the must-read texts in Philosopy of Language?
What are some books that are in favor of the political, and philosophical ideology of fascism? As well as the failures of other political systems.
Which website & book are best for general knowledge?
Is Neeraj a good book for an M.Com?
What are the best academic books on finance?
How good are books like E. Balagurusamy’s to actually prepare you for the real world?
Which book is better for RIE CEE?
Which are best Urdu and Hindi shayari books and writers I should read?
Which is the best reference book for chemistry for the NCERT board and NEET too?
What's the most important thing you've learned from a children's book?
What is the best picture book for children learning to read?
What is the scope of books like Harry Potter in India? Do you think Indian readers will accept this type of book if it is written by an Indian author?
Why is it that old philosophy books will have a lot of run-on sentences?
Which books should one refer to for the CAT’s grammar and vocabulary sections?
What are some of the best teen fiction novels?
Name the book which is helpful for computer science student after finishing 12th?
Which book should be preferred for physics to understand NCERT?
What's a really good book?
Which book is the best for current affairs for the CDS exam?
Which book is the most reliable for the JEE Advanced level physical chemistry theory?
What are the required reference books for UPSC CSE Mains preparation?
What is the right book to crack a BSc JAM exam in chemistry?
What is the best speaking English book?
Is it worth buying the RxSwift book?
How do I prepare for KVPY SX maths exam? Which topics should be done from which books?
How do I develop a deeper understanding of the stock market, and basically the secondary market? Please suggest ways to learn more or the names of some good books on finance and economics, etc.?
Which other books (not curriculum-related, but other novels/books) should one read before CAT preparation and during an MBA?
What is the “politics of becoming” that William Connolly mentions in his book "Why I Am Not a Secularist"?
Can I teach myself with books?
What are the top 10 novels every reader should read?
What is the best book from which to learn advanced C++ and get familiar with Java Native Interface (JNI)?
Which is the best book for a person who is willing to go for marketing as a carrier?
What are the best Gujarati classic fiction books?
Is CA Aaditya Jain good for SFM from an exam point of view, or is he just good for gaining financial knowledge?
Which books and websites do you suggest for studying for the Facebook data engineer interview?
Which is the most basic book available on quantum mechanics?
What books can I read for self improvement and thinking?
What are some good books (in English) to read to understand the social issues in rural Taiwan?
Which book to prefer for costing in Ca final?
Should I stop using my PC so much and start reading more books as a teenager?
Why do the NCERT books have less data, compared to the state government books?
Is SL Arora Physics a good book for RBSE Class 12?
What are some good graduate-level mathematics books up to the pro level?
Which books are best for the UPSC Mains for mathematics 1 and 2?
Is there any book on biological terms etymology?
What are the books that proffesional Android developer should read?
Is there a book about physics that is accessible and easy to read for an adult?
What are the best books for learning about good practices and principles when developing a Node.js application, that are relevant in 2017?
What books are similar to A Little Life and The Goldfinch?
Can I crack IIT with just Khan Academy and a few good books?
Which books do students at top medical colleges read in the first year?
What software development books are agnostic to the ages and highly relevant like the mythical man month?
Can you suggest books or other resources which explain why people don't expect or think about contingencies/failure?
Which books do I need to refer to, for the Vizag Steel management trainee exam for metallurgical engineering?
Which mathematics book should I read for IIT?
Are there any essential books for scoring higher marks in mathematics for the CDS exam?
What books should I gift my 12 year nephew to build up his reading habits? He is from London.
What books are you currently reading to your kids?
Which books do I need to refer to for the Vizag Steel management trainee exam for mechanical engineering?
To what extent do 21st Century discoveries about Ancient Rome affect the credibility of history books published in the 20th Century?
What is the best way to publicize my non-fiction book? How do I find reputable publicists? What is a typical budget?
What is the best book for studying goods and service tax?
Which are the best books for deep preparation of the GATE 2018 for civil engineering?
What are some books to comprehend GST for a beginner?
What books are to be studied for the APPSC Group 1 exam?
What is the best book for ICSE 10 physics numericals?
What books are recommended for a 19 year old?
What guide book is best for the 12th history course?
What are the best Hungarian textbooks for foreigners?
Which is the best book to understand the research methods and statistics?
Are there any more sites where I can read free books without paying money to become a member?
Which Peter Winkler book should I buy, Mathematical Puzzles or Mathematical Mind Benders, if I must buy just one?
What are the best 5 books to read about India for a "country expert" advising foreign businesses to invest in India?
Which book teaches comparative religion?
Which books should I refer to clear the overseas registration exam (ORE) in the UK?
Which are some of the best books for Combined Medical Services examination?
What are good books for becoming a good lawyer?
Is there a book that covers every fundamental theorem of mathematics?
Are there any books or websites related to how to start an Internet-based startup which also discuss legal/permit/accounting issues?
What are some good books on philosophy for someone who plans on majoring in philosophy?
Are there any courses/proper books for learning Julia and Data Science simultaneously from scratch?
Which book should I start reading to get prepared for the UPSC exam?
Which book is better, Arihant all-in-one or Arihant chapter-wise solutions for physics and chemistry for 12th class?
Is Jawaharlal Nehru an overrated author?
How can a UPSC aspirant exhaustively prepare the for the Mains syllabus for the GS Paper II? Are there any standard books like Laxmikant?
Why are Audible books more expensive than physical books or online book purchases?
What is the best book about World history, before, during, and after the World Wars?
Which is the preferred book to read about surgery, Sabiston or Swartz?
Which chemistry book is best for chemistry from class 11 to IIT JEE?
What's a good way to teach your teenage son how to be a respectful and good lover? (Porn is generally awful and he has read all of the birds and bees books.)
What are you thinking when you read a book?
Which books should I prepare for basic electronics?
What books does Warren Buffet like to read? Does he have a reading list?
What is the best, simplest book to read to learn everything about tensors from scratch?
Is there any book that can help me master quantum mechanics? (I am in the 9th grade.)
What books do you recommend for me?
What books should I prepare for the Veda IIT entrance test, & how do I prepare?
Which books should I read to know ​the mindset of people as they grow?
How do I complete a math book in 15-20 days, if I don't like maths, but want to score good?
What is your best book?
Which book or autobiography should I read on a holiday? I hate love stories so don’t suggest any book related to it.
Which books are best for IIT?
What are the books BA Physics at Oxford study during their 3 years of study?
What are the best books on African countries post-colonialism?
When will the book The Exile of Mukunda be released?
Which are the best practical books for the second year of an MBBS?
What is the best book for learning Netcat for beginner?
Are there any study materials that combines all of the topic-wise NCERT books into one?
Which books are required by a student of class 11 to prepare for IIT-JEE and Olympiads?
How do I update my knowledge about programming from an old book?
Which is the best book IIT JEE match?
Where is the best place to read?
Which books can help me to get into IBA Karachi?
How do I prepare mechanics for GATE 2018? Which book should I follow?
What is the best self improvement book to read this weekend?
What are some good books to learn Indian history?
Is there a real substance that, if injected, can kill a person immediately like in fiction books or action movies?
What are the references/books for learning the Kotlin language?
Why am I obsessed with new textbooks? Is it a phobia or a mental disease?
I read a response a week ago listing HRC's qualifications. How do I read it again?
Do we have any book for Hindi grammar like Wren and Martin for high school English?
Which are the best anthropology books for UPSC preparation?
What is the only book I have to read in order to realize my dream of becoming wealthy?
Which are the best books for deep preparation for the 2019 GATE for civil engineering?
What kind of book should I read to be an expert in interviewing candidates?
Which is the best objective book of maths for JEE?
Which books are best for clearing JEE?
What are some books for web development and design?
As someone who is going to law school, what are some must-reads to understand more about the constitution of India?
What are a few books that eliminate the need for many books?
What does this Publius Syrus quote mean, “Divide the fire and you will sooner put it out”?
Which is the best book for physics for BVP entrance exams?
Which book is perfect for the GATE in instrumentation?
What are best books of physics, chemistry and bio for class 11?
What are the best MCQ books for AIPGMEE?
Can you write a brief book review to summarize your favorite book?
What is a must-read book for understanding the money cycle, its history, and how it works?
What is the content of Judas Book?
Which book would widen one’s worldview?
What are the best books on mathematical logic for beginners? And is there an online resource that teaches you the reasoning behind procedures?
Which reference book is the best for WBJEE and JEE Main (math, physics, and chemistry) preparation?
Which book is best to master organic reaction?
What are some books on comparative mythology?
What is a good book for a young football quarterback?
Which 10 nonfiction books are the best?
How were people in the past learn languages without any books or documents?
Is current booking available in all trains?
Is there any book for current affairs in the question and answer format for SSC CGL 2017?
Do you know of any books where the main character becomes bad?
Why are books written on the partition of India by Punjabis given more importance than books written by Bengali authors on the partition of Bengal?
Which subject would you buy a book about, persuasion or communication?
I'm a fan of Dan Brown and have also read books from Elif Shafak. Which book should I take up next?
What is the best math model book about the El Farol bar problem?
Which books must one refer to for the GPSC for the GK part?
What's the most wonderful book you've ever read?
Do you ever step back and realize that reading is essentially blobs of ink on paper but that we can take so much meaning from books and other texts?
What are the best books for understanding maths with a physical interpretation?
Which books should I use for preparation of NEET 2019?
Which is the best numerical book for class 11 CBSE chemistry?
Which is the best Hindi (easy language) book for 2nd class or 1st class mining posts?
What book is the best to use to crack the ESE exam?
What are the best books on clean code, data structure, & algorithms? And what is the best way to improve my logic?
Which book is the best to prepare for the SSC Junior Translator examination?
Are there any technical books on artificial intelligence?
Where can I get books written by TN Seshan from?
How accurate is the science in Stephen Baxter's book, The Time Ships?
Which For Dummies book is best for advice on writing fiction?
What are some of the shortest popular light novels that were ever written?
What book should I use for JIPMER English?
What is the best book to study Java?
What font will be good for book design?
What is the best book about ancient civilizations?
What are the best novels I can read on my free time?
Is there any book which contains real time incidents of great people which changed their prospective?
It is necessary to buy new books for preparing for the JEE Mains and Advanced?
Do you read entire legal books in law school?
What is a good book, pre-1900s, to compare to The Road by Cormac McCarthy?
Which book is good for physical chemistry for the JEE (topics like ionic eq. and thermodynamics)?
What is your tween reading right now?
Which books should I prefer for BEL computer science?
What is a good objective book for chemistry for NEET?
What are the best books for numerical analysis and linear programming?
Which book should be used for the class 5 Olympiad?
What book is needed for the CBSE applied art for class 12 (code 052)? Is there an NCERT book?
What are the best books to read if I intend on being a motivational speaker?
To which English book should I refer for the ACET exam?
What are some good books, blogs, podcasts, or material to read if I want to learn the art of building a business in the automotive industry?
What are books that will make you see math in different perspective?
What are some good books to practice mechanical engineering GATE questions?
What are the best romance books that would make you cry?
What is the best book for theory of physics for JEE Mains and advanced?
What is the basic information required to understand quantum mechanics? Is there a book that teaches it?
What books would you suggest for a beginner like me?
What books do you recommend me to learn English literature?
What's a good book to learn the "terms" used by penetration testers and what they do to further proceed on how to use them?
What are some of the best love story novels written by foriegn writer?
What are some must read story books for a female, Indian adolescent who aspires to be a writer?
Is it possible to win IBO by just reading biology books/watching videos without formal classes? If yes, what book and videos would you/they recommend?
What is the first novel that got you interested in fiction?
What's the best book about public speaking?
What are are some classic books on probability and statistics that cover intermediate and advanced level?
Which are the best books on reasoning and financial awareness for promotional exams in banks?
What was Clive Barker's best book?
Which books should be preferred for the first semester of a BBA?
What are some short and good law books to read?
Which books should I refer to for chemistry NEET preparation?
What book should be read by BE education major students?
Which kind of novels would you like to read and why?
What’s a good book for learning Python?
Which is the best book for RRB?
Which is the best book for securing 95% in class 12th commerce?
What is a GATE question bank book for Civil with minimum errors?
What are the best books for HVAC design? What is the software that is used in HVAC problem solving?
What is the best novel for a script writer to read to learn how to write a novel?
What is the book-keeping strategy in math or algorithm context?
Is there any good book to understand syntactic procedure for deriving semantic consequences?
What is the best book for a UP police computer operator?
Which physics theory book should I follow in order to solve IE Irodov?
Is reading the Lars Kepler books in order necessary?
What is the best book for an MBBS first-year student?
What book would you recommend for a continuation course in quantum mechanics?
What books should I read that will help me learn higher-level math?
Which and how many books do I have to read to get a good hold on solar energy?
Do you read more non-fiction books, or more fiction books?
Which books did Agam Jain read before moving to Delhi?
Where can I find very good summaries of books online?
Which are the best books to prepare for the MBA entrance exam 2018?
Which book is best for biology 12 CBSE board exams?
Which are the best books available on Game Theory?
What are some appropriate alien books for a 12 y/o?
Which book should I refer for ITSM (IPCC)?
Do you think it's good to track books you've read?
Which are the best books to learn computer languages?
What are some of the useful magazines and interesting books on international relations that Rahul Shrivastava would recommend?
Which newspapers and books should I use for my GRE and CAT preparation?
What is the best reference book for bio in class 11 for AIIMS?
Which is the best book from the list below for computer science students?
What are the reference books to crack the design aptitude test for an IIT?
What is the best novel to read as a teenager?
What is the best website or book to be updated about recent entrepreneurial trends?
Am I learning C the right way? Also, what are the best resources/books to get a better insight into the system's hardware and software interaction?
What are the best known children's books in the world (written in any language)?
Which is the best book for UPSC prelim, Rajiv Ahir or Bipan Chandra?
What book did Kakashi read after he killed Rin?
What are the top ten books college students must read?
What book should I use in preparation for the DT CA final exam?
Which are the good books to practice for MNC aptitude tests?
What is the revolution of the book?
I'm a new reader but I don't know what genre I'm into. What should I read?
How can I stay focused in reading novels/books? I get diverted very easily.
What is the best book to learn Java for beginners?
What do you think of the book The Information: A History, A Theory, A Flood written by James Gleick?
What are some fiction books about serial killers?
What are good clean mangas and books to read?
How large of a role did reading play in Gordon Miller’s path to success?
What is the best physical python books?
How do you revise bulky books?
What are some suggestions for books for the CPT exam? Where can I find them?
Why don’t people and students like textbooks?
Are there any books out there that can improve my problem-solving skills in every aspect of life?
Everyone says I should read books to improve my mental state. Can I instead read Quora?
Which problem books do you recommend for IPhO? Is the one of 'Igor Irodov' well enough?
What is the best site to read a book's critiques?
Why do I get sleepy when I read a book?
Which is the best book to study physical chemistry?
What are the best AUTOSAR books?
What is the best book or resource for learning the process of going from a product prototype to manufacturing?
What’s a good resource for understanding relations in data structures & discrete math?
What are some of the best books lines?
Is there any difference between the newer edition Barron physics, chemistry, and math books and the 9th and 8th editions?
Where can I find motion study material in PDFs or secondhand books?
What will change in me if I start reading books?
Which book is best to get more a intuitive sense of trigonometry (considering the JEE Advanced)?
Which is the best book for Oracle SCM?
Where can I sell old novels in Pune?
Is Errorless a good book to start in class 11 for the JEE Main and Advanced? What is the best book for PCM to start preparation?
What are some best books to study electronics engineering?
What are your favorite Suspense / Romantic novels of the last ten years?
Which are the best books written by Indian authors on programming language 'C'?
What are the best books for solving problems in Python?
What are some story books that talk about IT life?
Which book should I use to prepare for the Vizag steel management trainee exam in the metallurgy stream?
Which is the best book for the RIMC exam?
Do we have to learn the entire book in 9th grade?
What is your advice to a young experimental physicist? Which books should he read, and which fields should he fathom?
Which is the best book for theory for NSEJS class 10?
What would be good book to introduce a toddler to the Bengali language?
When is Jess Walter coming out with a new book?
Which is the best fiction novel to read with a dramatic suspense?
Should I read other books beside Computer Graphics Principle and Practice?
Which is the best source to read Shiva Purana in English?
What are the selected chapters from the book, Ramesh Singh, according to Israel Jebasingh for the UPSC?
What book is the most suitable for studying/revising mechanics statics?
If you describe yourself as an avid reader, how many books do you read in any time unit?
What are the best texts/books for learning CS with Python?
What are some good books on European ideas?
What is the best physics text book for high school?
Which MCQ books should I start solving to crack PG Examination?
Which are some best books to know more about space?
What kinds of books have a lot of firefights and stuff like that in them?
Should Indian kids read books written by British authors only?
What is the best book for studying quantum physics from scratch?
What book most impacted your life after first reading it in your thirties?
What is a new book on church planting?
What is the most preferred book for Bill Gates except for "Business adventure"?
What's the best UX strategy books?
What is the best book for competitive exams for agricultural stream?
What are the best Indian books?
What books should I read to get a full scope of math, from the very basics up to calculus? (It’s fine if the books are in volumes.)
What are the top 10 books a 20 year old should read?
Have you read both of these books, Logic & Computer Design Fundamentals and Computer Architecture: a Quantitative Approach? Which book is better?
How do I start with random topics or reading a book in one go for public administration? Without proper guidance, how do I start preparing this optional?
How do I learn, completely and in detail, big data? Which reference books are good, or is there any class/institute?
Which physics book is the best for class 10th?
Which is best book on quantum mechanics for a student studying in class 10 which explains both basic and complex information?
Which book is best on pulse diagnosis (नाड़ी परीक्षा) in Hindi?
What do you like to read?
Are there any good books for total beginners in machine learning?
How do I avoid drowsiness while reading a literature book?
What other books on OOAD include real-world case studies, besides “Object-Oriented Analysis and Design with Applications”?
What books should I prefer for the GATE in the Metallurgical branch?
What books do doctors enjoy reading?
Which are the best books on the history of Indian in English literature?
Who has read a book authored by Andrus K Tebecis, PhD?
Which English books do you recommend for expanding my vocabulary with rare words?
Does Takshshila have any books for the CAT exam?
What are good books that happen in the period of World War I?
What are some Adventurous novels every teenager must read?
What are books for R programming?
Which is the best PCM books for class11?
What is the best book for class X for the UPSTSE exam?
If I took a specific book to the US, would it be confiscated?
What kinds of books about humanity should one read in his/her lifetime?
What is the top must-read Islamic book?
What is a good book on the criminal procedure code that I can study to prepare for the judiciary?
What's the latest book for PHP which involves the latest features and techniques for an intermediate developer?
Which books can I download for free in order to prepare for the general awareness part of the SSC CGL?
What is the best book to test Python skills for beginners?
Which books are recommended for the ADC preliminary exam?
Which is the best book to read before becoming 20?
What are the best CSIR life sciences books to prepare to crack the exam by 100%?
What are the settings of the novel "The Metamorphosis of Prime Intellect" by Roger Williams?
Which are the books to read or online courses to do if I want to invest in the stock market (I'm a noob)?
What are the best Hungarian textbooks for foreigners?
For Flat World Knowledge books, can a solution manual be accessed when self-studying?
Should we study exact words as written in the book or should we study the concepts in our own words?
How large of a role did reading play in Gordon Miller’s path to success?
What book is valuable to read?
What are some other books like 'Fountainhead' and 'Gone with the wind' that really empower the mind?
Which book is the most reliable for the JEE Advanced level physical chemistry theory?
Can somebody help me to find a book which will help me know about phrases like'honey trape'?
What books do you recommend to learn more about economics?
What are the best books for AAT after JEE advanced?
What is a good objective book for chemistry for NEET?
What are some recent science-based relationship books that you like?
Is it possible to learn finance by oneself by reading books, than going to a B-School?
What is the best book in design and analysis of algorithm?
What are the best books for science students in class 11?
What are the best ways for introverts to promote books they've authored?
What kind of book should I read as a freshman recruiter? Or, what things should I learn deeper, so I could be a master in interviews?
Which book has easy methods for class 12?
Is there any book about the relationship between music and math?
Are there any books or articles that discusses Abu Bakar Naji's "Management of Savagery" comprehensively?
What are some good books that explain software development process?
What are the best academic books on finance?
Which books are best for IIT-JEE preparation to score 300 or more?
What are the differences between the old edition and new edition of IIT JEE books?
Where can I find dark mystery gothic adventurous and sinister novels and books set in the British Raj?
What are the selected chapters from the book, Ramesh Singh, according to Israel Jebasingh for the UPSC?
What is the best book to learn Spring?
Which book of economics should I prefer to solve previous years’ questions for CBSE?
I'm currently enrolled in a masters program of philosophy and would like to work on my logic skills. What activities/books would you suggest?
What's the best books to read if I am a civil engineer?
Which book is good for DSSSB preparation?
What are the best books for pickup girls?
Which is the best book to prepare for logical reasoning, through self-study, for the CAT?
Could someone suggest me some good websites for downloading e-books or PDFs?
Which are the best psychological thriller novels, worth your time?
If I took a specific book to the US, would it be confiscated?
Which books should I read for the CAT exam preparation?
If the skills are learned from the net or books, how does a recruiter judge without the certificate?
As a MBA student, how can one learn apart from books?
Which are the best novels for motivation and inspiration?
What will be the best book for class 12 math for JEE?
What are some good books, blogs, podcasts, or material to read if I want to learn the art of building a business in the automotive industry?
Is there any book that only contains sketching exercises?
How do you keep a book's cover from suspending?
How do I choose the perfect resource for JEE preparation, since there are a variety of good books to choose from?
What's a good series of science books?
Which book should I study for aptitude exams?
Which books (the best book for each subject) should I refer for GATE CE?
What are some books for an entrance exam on virology?
What type of books should 21 year old men read?
What are the age ranges for children's books?
What are the best books to prepare for the IBPS examination?
How can you read Harry Potter books without paying a penny?
What's the most wonderful book you've ever read?
Which is the best children's book you have ever read in your native language?
Which are some of good novels for a beginner written in simple English?
What are the best known children's books in the world (written in any language)?
which books are usefull for ras previous and Mains?
Which is the best book shop for selling used books in Chennai?
Which is the best book to study chemistry from?
What is the best Mathematics book for entrance preparation?
What are the best books on African countries post-colonialism?
Which books should I refer for concept clarity for accounts 1 IPCC?
What is a good photographic book on trains?
What book is the best to use to crack the ESE exam?
To what extent do 21st Century discoveries about Ancient Rome affect the credibility of history books published in the 20th Century?
What book would you recommend to read on a trek to Himalayas?
Which are the best detailed books for learning ethical hacking from scratch?
I'm planning on majoring in finance, someone provide me with a decent sized list of books that I should read?
What is the best book for a UP police computer operator?
Which are the best books for a 11 -12 th class student to prepare for SAT?
Which book should I follow on quantum physics for my graduation?
What are some books that intelligent individuals read?
What's the creepiest book you have ever read? Was it The Consumer?
What is the best guide book for CBSE for science?
What are the best books for JEE aspirants in class 11?
Which books reference more short-cut principles for the CGL Tier 1 aptitudes?
What are your favorite Suspense / Romantic novels of the last ten years?
Which book is better for physics, D. C. Pandey or H. C. Verma?
What are maths books for the JEE apart from NCERT and Exemplar? What are the best books for particular portions and what are the best complete books for the JEE (both exams)?
What are some books that romanticize mental illness?
When is the next edition of Nishit K. Sinha's CAT books coming out for the CAT 2018?
What are the best mystery/thriller or horror book that you would suggest a 12 year old girl?
Which book should I prefer in physics for IIT JEE Advanced?
Do teenagers have to read the world classics books in high school in your country? Which ones are "must-read"?
What books should I read and practice for IOI (Java)? And what is the procedure if I am from India?
Which is the best book on quantum mechanics, thermodynamics and electromagnetism separately?
Which book should I follow to clear the NSEB?
What types of books should a 9th class student read for IIT?
What some some good books that take place in medieval times?
What are some recommendations for some psychological books about understanding emotions?
Which books are good to learn 'யாப்பிலக்கணம்' (Yappu Ilakkanam)?
What are the required reference books for UPSC CSE Mains preparation?
From which book should I prepare for elementary astronomy for the National Standard Examination in astronomy (NSEA-XII)?
Which book should I refer for Banasthali entrance maths?
What resources or books are sufficient or should be read for NEET preparation in Hindi?
Where can I get links for downloading ICSE recommended books?
Are there any short textbooks on molecular and cellular biology?
Which is better, reading two books or reading a book twice?
Which is best English book to practice for CDS?
How can I summarize the book I read in a short period?
What are the best skills I should learn?
How do you revise bulky books?
What is the best book introducing the basics of biostatistics and concepts like distributions, hypothesis testing and the like?
What are the best self-help books for beginners?
Which book is the best for current affairs for the CDS exam?
What are good clean mangas and books to read?
What are some recommended books for Kas maths?
Are there any essential books for scoring higher marks in mathematics for the CDS exam?
How can I prepare for MAH-MCA-CET with just self-study? What book can I use?
Which book is best for learning JavaScript? (I am a beginner.)
Which book in manufacturing should I use for the preparation of GATE?
Which are your top 10 books that a starter should start with?
What is the basic information required to understand quantum mechanics? Is there a book that teaches it?
What are the top most inspirational books?
Where can I find good French-English bilingual books?
Which book is good for coordination compounds in chemistry for the JEE?
What are the names of a few good books for the IIT JAM in biological science?
What is the best book that explores the big 5 personality traits of human behavior?
What are some good books for JEE Chemistry namely Organic and Inorganic?
Should I self-study German with an app or with a grammar book?
What are the best books for practicing PCM for JEE Mains and Advanced from basic to hard problems?
Which is the best book for the RIMC exam?
What book most impacted your life after first reading it in your thirties?
Did you read the novel “The Fantasist?” What do you think about it?
Which book is best for Urdu poetry?
How can I learn everything I can, read more books and absorb more material?
What is a detailed summary of the book Barnabus Mudpatch by Steve Moran?
Why are Audible books more expensive than physical books or online book purchases?
As a dropper for IIT what is the best set of books to stick to?
What is a good book or resource for studying the history of special relativity?
Which is the best book for mathematics CBSE class 11?
Which book should I read for The Mahabharata?
Which books or sites should I refer to for studying the basics of XML?
What is the scope of books like Harry Potter in India? Do you think Indian readers will accept this type of book if it is written by an Indian author?
What are the 5 five books that everyone who is new to reading novels should read?
What are some fictional novels about the Russian mafia?
What are the best reference books for professional knowledge on which we can rely fully to prepare for (IBPS) IT officer exam?
What is the smartest way for preparing for Verbal Ability in CAT?
What is a good political non-bias book for teens that want to learn about an issue?
Which is the best book to learn about calculus which is required to start learning quantum mechanics?
Where can I download modern Persian books (including translated books from English)?
Which book is better for the JEE Main for chemistry, MTG or Universal Self-Scorer Errorless?
What are the new good Indian novels to read currently?
What books do doctors enjoy reading?
Which are the most appropriate books/materials for the sociology optional?
What are some good books or sites to begin stock trading?
What's a good way to teach your teenage son how to be a respectful and good lover? (Porn is generally awful and he has read all of the birds and bees books.)
Which books can I refer to for the KVPY-SA?
What do you think of the book Lawrence of Arabia?
Which books should one read and practise from for NEET, primarily for an AFMC aspirant?
Which book is best for concept clearing in Maths for BITSAT?
What is the best book for the JEE for heat and thermodynamics?
What are the best book materials and current affairs magazines for the preparation for the Karnataka Administrative Service (KAS) exam?
What are the best Finance and stock books for a 17y old?
What is the best book for SSC CGL English preparation?
What books are on teenagers’ 2017 summer reading lists?
What are the best inspiration and public speaking books to read?
What kinds of books have a lot of firefights and stuff like that in them?
What's a good book for self-study for pure mathematics?
What are the best books for a college student to read before going into enterprise software sales?
What is the content of Judas Book?
What is the SOPEP book?
Which edition should I purchase of Solomon and Fryhle?
Is there any book that can help me master quantum mechanics? (I am in the 9th grade.)
Have you read both of these books, Logic & Computer Design Fundamentals and Computer Architecture: a Quantitative Approach? Which book is better?
What must-read books would you recommend?
Which reference book is the best for WBJEE and JEE Main (math, physics, and chemistry) preparation?
How should I prepare for law and audits? Should I learn exactly the same language in books, or else can I use my own?
Which are the best standard books for preparation for the GATE for mechanical?
What books can I read for self improvement and thinking?
Which Mathematics books do MIT/Stanford undergraduates use for Mathematics major?
Is it possible to win IBO by just reading biology books/watching videos without formal classes? If yes, what book and videos would you/they recommend?
How do I prepare for the KVPY SX exam? What books should I follow? Should I take the mocks for the same?
What are the most misogynistic books?
Which book contains the story of King David?
How was the book Whistling Silence created with the collective efforts of amateur poets?
What are the top CGL entrance exam books?
Is there a book about physics that is accessible and easy to read for an adult?
What was your favorite book and why?
What are some fiction books about serial killers?
Which is the best book for IPCC law and taxation having lots of questions for practice?
Which book is much preferable for reading that helps to improve our vocabulary in English and can develop ourselves?
How do I score good marks in the Diploma CET exam? Which books should I read, and what tricks should be used in writing the exam?
What is the best model-posing reference book (or how-to-pose-a-model-in-fashion book)?
Which book is good for TV & radar engineering?
What are the books BA Physics at Oxford study during their 3 years of study?
Which reference books are best for the aptitude tests in the IIT coaching classes?
What book should I read to know about motorcycles and automobiles?
Are there any books related to startups in IIM Indore?
Do you read more non-fiction books, or more fiction books?
What are the books to be referred to for the Political Science optional subject of UPSC, and what are lectures to be watched?
What sci-fi books have non-human main characters?
Does Takshshila have any books for the CAT exam?
Where can I find a list of books with archaic language?
How were people in the past learn languages without any books or documents?
Which books should I read to know more about the teachings of Swami Vivekananda?
What are the most powerful books for self-development?
What are some of the best lines ever written in any novel?
For which book I should go for the preparation of Architecture aptitude test?
What is the best books for engineering concepts?
What are the very interesting novels based on history in Tamil?
What are the best books for theory for the NSEJS for class 9 and class 10?
Which is the best maths book of class 8?
What are the most useful legal and financial translation manuals/books (any language) you have read?
What are the list of best books for digital logic design?
Which is the best book for cell biology and genetics for a bachelor’s course?
What are the best books on problem-solving in industries?
Are Ghatna Chakra books available in English?
What is the best book or source for theories of international relations?
What are the best books to learn about the space race?
Is it worth buying the RxSwift book?
Which book of Physics is best for the preparation of JEE Advanced?
What are the best 'worked example' coding text books for all languages?
What is the best picture book for children learning to read?
What themes in fiction do people want to read about today?
Which books should one read in high school to get a deep knowledge of cosmology?
Which books are best to prepare for the 2017 Bank of India credit officer exam?
What are the mathematics books to be followed to get strong in basics and fundamentals for Gate?
What l should do at my graduation level for my best career?
Which books are the best for preparation for the Bank of India credit officer exam 2017?
How often does Gordon Miller read books?
What are some of the best self-help books for a 22-year-old guy?
Which maths book is best for class 9?
What are some of the best chemistry books that I should refer for my IIT JEE preparation for all the three sections (physical, organic and inorganic)?
What are the best books for HVAC design? What is the software that is used in HVAC problem solving?
How do I prepare for KVPY SX maths exam? Which topics should be done from which books?
Is there a book with a similar character like Caroline Forbes?
What are the standard books of mathematics and science for 9th standard?
What are the best and the toughest books for IITJEE Math?
Do you have any book suggestions similar to The Mortal Instruments?
What are some good graduate-level mathematics books up to the pro level?
What is the best book about Python for beginners?
What are some of the useful magazines and interesting books on international relations that Rahul Shrivastava would recommend?
What is the best book that can have an impact on our lives?
Which books may be a good reference for general awareness and general knowledge for Delhi SI exam?
Are there any courses/proper books for learning Julia and Data Science simultaneously from scratch?
What is the best book about wealth management for beginners?
What are the best Books for Institutional economics?
Which is the best book for securing 95% in class 12th commerce?
What are some effective books on how to control and rule people?
What booking system does Everwise use?
What are the best books on histology?
Which books do I need to refer to, for the Vizag Steel management trainee exam for metallurgical engineering?
I'm considering taking a PhD in neurochemisty, which books I need to read to get into the subject?
Should I read other books beside Computer Graphics Principle and Practice?
What are the best books to learn about Business English?
What is the best way to publicize my non-fiction book? How do I find reputable publicists? What is a typical budget?
What are some good online reference books for basic number theory?
What are the best reference books in class 11 science stream?
What is the best physical python books?
Which books should I read if I want to develop an app and I am not a computer programmer?
How do I prepare mechanics for GATE 2018? Which book should I follow?
Which books will help me understand and clear my doubts about life, the world, the universe, and human behaviour?
Do you think it's good to track books you've read?
What books should I read to start an apparel line?
What are the best books for the study of the MSC virology entrance exam?
Do we have some website or book to learn hacking?
What is the software from which Facebook is programmed?
What are the best physical chemistry textbooks for IITs?
Are you a part of the book whistling silence?
Can you suggest me some spiritual Indian books?
Which book best explains about energy in physics?
What books should I prefer for the GATE in the Metallurgical branch?
What is the best book for competitive exams for agricultural stream?
Which is the best book on physics covering machanics, thermodynamics, quantum mechanics and electromagnetism?
What is a must-read book for understanding the money cycle, its history, and how it works?
Which book is best for B Pharma study?
What are the five best books on diets and healthy lifestyle?
What are some must-read books for a 17-year-old who wants to be an entrepreneur?
What are some superb book genres like thrillers and mysteries?
Which book is better for biology in the class 12 boards exam?
What books do you recommend for me?
What are some good books on the history of the nationalist movement in Indochina?
What are some of the best books to study for the M.Sc microbiology entrance exam?
Which book can change the life of a confused boy?
Is there any need to study extra books, like Pardeeps and Modern, for year droppers to crack the NEET?
Which books should I read to understand communalism?
Which books should one refer to for the CAT’s grammar and vocabulary sections?
Can I really live out my fantasies like I've read about in fiction novels and seen in pornographic films?
What are some books that talk about the hard truth about life?
When is Jess Walter coming out with a new book?
What books should I read to completely understand Interstellar?
What is the best book to learn TensorFlow?
Do students outside India refer to Indian books for math and science?
Which is better: Pritesh Singh’s or Rajamahendran’s surgery book?
What books must be read for improving financial literacy?
In what order should I read Pushkin, Turgenev, Gogol, Dostoevsky, and Tolstoy?
What book would you recommend for a continuation course in quantum mechanics?
What is the best speaking English book?
Which is the best book for Workshop Technology?
When will a new edition of Universal Self Scorer come?
It is necessary to buy new books for preparing for the JEE Mains and Advanced?
What are some great books, in PDF format, for the international mathematics Olympiad?
What books will be most useful to take with me to a CS professional open book exam (banking law and practice)?
What books are available to learn about the history behind the naming of roads in Kolkata?
As a student, which Veda should I read?
Which MCQ books should I start solving to crack PG Examination?
Do you read entire legal books in law school?
What is a classy book in statics and dynamics for conceptual need? What are your suggestions for an undergraduate guy (hons. Mathematics)?
Can you name an appropriate book for practising wavy curves and modulus?
What is the best book on calculus that teaches us the calculus required to understand quantum mechanics?
What are some good books about physics and science for a starter?
Which books should an electrical engineer read to get at par with BS physics?
Where can I do the most difficult problems of the ECE subjects? What would be a list of books or sources?
Where I can get old NCERT syllabus books online?
What is the best book or site to learn GK for XAT 2017?
What are good books for telling me everything that my parents never taught me?
What is the best book to study Java?
Which is the best reference book for CSE branch?
What books does Oliver Tate give Jordana in Submarine (2010)?
What are the top 10 books a 20 year old should read?
Which book is better, Arihant all-in-one or Arihant chapter-wise solutions for physics and chemistry for 12th class?
What's a good book on neural nets and the like for someone not intimidated by (actually wants) math in the exposition?
Which are the best books to learn Fortran?
Which is the best book for the JEE which explains all of the concepts in easy language, and has short trick formulas and the best numericals?
How can I read a lot of books and learn from them, absorb all the information from them, and eat the material from them?
Do you provide a guest book at your vacation rental? What are some more interesting ideas that aren't just a standard book?
Is there any book that narrates the emotions of a person who sabotaged his own relationship, life?
What are the best proportions of white space to use in book design?
What kind of book or series could help stigma associated with suicide?
How can I purchase a collection of books within several genres cheaply and have them shipped to Nigeria?
What books should I prefer for programming and coding? I am done with all my UG entrance exams but last time studied computers in class 8th.
What are good reference books for the CAPF exam?
How do you retain the best takeaways from your favourite books? Are there any hacks for doing so?
Which are the best novels written in Gujarati?
What kind of book should I read to be an expert in interviewing candidates?
What are some books on organic gardening?
What books shall I read to improve poems both, English and Hindi?
Do you know of any books where the main character becomes bad?
Which books can I read to get *UNBAISED* insights of Naxalism in India?
Is there any good book for the answer to the relationship between law and morality?
What are some dark sides of self-help books?
Which websites contain the most in-depth book reviews?
Which For Dummies book is best for advice on writing fiction?
Which books are best for HTML?
What is the best book from which to learn advanced C++ and get familiar with Java Native Interface (JNI)?
Which book can I read to get unbiased insights of Naxalism?
What are the best photogrammetry books?
What are the best books for geography as optional in IAS?
What is the best book for theory of physics for JEE Mains and advanced?
What are the basic books which are sufficient for aptitude and mental ability in competitive exams?
What is the best novel for a school student?
Which is the best book or way to understand the equivalent concept?
I'm researching on Mata Hari's tactics as a spy. What books and references can you recommend?
I'm close to finish reading calculus by stewart. So what books should read next?
What are the best books for IBPS PO preparation for the current syllabus and exam pattern?
Are there any technical books on artificial intelligence?
Could you recommend some books about rehabilitation?
What does it mean to be following the heart, as mentioned in the book "The Alchemist"?
How can I summarize the content of the book The Little Prince?
What are books that teach on how to make money?
Is reading the Lars Kepler books in order necessary?
Punjabi is my mother tongue. Has anyone taken Punjabi as a compulsory language exam in the UPSC? What is it like, and which books should I study?
Are there any books or websites related to how to start an Internet-based startup which also discuss legal/permit/accounting issues?
What is the best, simplest book to read to learn everything about tensors from scratch?
What books should I gift my 12 year nephew to build up his reading habits? He is from London.
Is Universal Self Scorer a good book for the JEE Mains and Advanced?
What are the important books for cat preparation?
Are there any books for adults who used to be bullied/excluded as children?
What are the best books for CLAT prep?
Could anybody show me a sample of a book report?
What are some good books (in English) to read to understand the social issues in rural Taiwan?
What security resources (books, blogs, courses, etc.) would you recommend?
What are the themes of the novel "The Metamorphosis of Prime Intellect" by Roger Williams?
What reference books are suitable for students studying nursing?
Which books should I read to prepare for the International Biology Olympiad?
What are some books having good calculus questions from the basic to the advanced level?
Which is the best book on physics which covers a wide range of important topics of physics in detail and in a good manner?
What are the best novels I can read on my free time?
What chapters should be covered in the linear programming for mathematics optional from the Krishna series of books?
What are some great Indian historical books (or novels)?
I'm a new reader but I don't know what genre I'm into. What should I read?
What are some good and tough books for IIT JEE preparation?
Can you suggest books or other resources which explain why people don't expect or think about contingencies/failure?
I want to learn about World War II, which books should I read?
Which are the best reference books for the KVPY exam 2017?
Why don’t people and students like textbooks?
What are some of the best short books (i.e. less than 250 pages)?
How good are books like E. Balagurusamy’s to actually prepare you for the real world?
Which maths concepts book is best for IIT levels?
What are some good books for Jews history and mythology?
What is the best book for Abstract Algebra in hons. level?
What is the best book to prepare for 3-D geometry for the JEE?
What is the best reference book for class 9?
What are the top 3 best books you have read?
Which is the best book for the IIT JEE 2019 physics and mathematics theory parts?
What's a really good book?
What are the books to be preferred to become a top tax auditor?
What's the best book to introduce me to philosophy?
Are the MTG Foundation course class 10 books enough for a math and science Olympiad?
Which study material can cover the general awareness part of the SSC CGL?
What is a good book about how to design maintainable programs and all the answers around why should I do one thing over another while programming?
Which is the best book on energetics (physics)?
What is the best book on Data Science and/or Predictive Analytics for a newbie in the field?
Which books should one read to improve English communication?
Which book is the best for self-study of CCNP routing and switching?
What is the most life changing book you've ever read?
Which electrical book is used in IIT colleges?
Which books are the best to read about the challenges of life?
What is the best accounting book?
Which books are mainly required for the B.Tech in CSE at UEM Kolkata?
What are the best metapapers about entrepeneurship development?
Where and how can I study intermediate level XSS?
What are the best books for cracking IES examination in mechanical engineering?
What are the must-read texts in Philosopy of Language?
What’s a good resource for understanding relations in data structures & discrete math?
Which book would you suggest if it's gonna be my first book to read?
Which are the best reference books for IIT preparation in class 11?
What are some of the must read papers on Amyloidosis?
What is the best book on Palestinian politics (not on the conflict but rather the history and contemporary politics of the PLO, Fatah, and Hamas?)
Which book should I refer to in order to crack the Karnataka State Psi exam?
Which books should be preferred for the first semester of a BBA?
Which non-academic fiction books would Awdhesh Singh suggest that are related to bureaucracy?
Which books should I prepare for basic electronics?
Where can I get solutions to concept application exercises of Cengage books?
What are the standard text books for environmental engineering?
If Quorans were like books, what books would they be?
Which books should I use for preparation of NEET 2019?
Which of Norman Lewis’ publications is better, Goyal or Penguin India?
What are some books regarding marketing for Beginners?
What are the best non-fiction books of all time and why?
What are the best books to practice multiple choice questions (MCQs) for the UPSC preliminary exam?
What was the first children's book ever written?
What was your good or bad experience with Just Books, Bangalore (any branch)?
What are the best books for learning about finance?
Which book is best to master organic reaction?
What books are similar to The Forty Rules of Love, which teaches you something about life, love and discovering oneself?
Which books are great to read to help me reach success?
What is the best novel for a script writer to read to learn how to write a novel?
What is the best reasoning book for SSC bank exam etc.?
Can you suggest me some good non-fiction science books to read? I am reading Cosmos by Carl Sagan and finding it fascinating.
Which books should I follow for CBSE class 11 in chemistry and physics if my concepts are weak?
Which physics book is the best for class 10th?
What are the best texts/books for learning CS with Python?
What is a good book on western classical music for a novice ?
Which books should a person have to read to get to the same level as Elon Musk or Bill Gates?
Are there any more sites where I can read free books without paying money to become a member?
What are your recommendations for books in the horror, suspense, and/or paranormal genres?
What would your personality be like if you had never read a book in your life?
What is the most correct and scientifically proven religious book?
What is a good book, pre-1900s, to compare to The Road by Cormac McCarthy?
What do you think of the book The Information: A History, A Theory, A Flood written by James Gleick?
What is the best book, CA IPCC Costing and FM, or is Paduka better?
Resonance DLPD modules vs Arihant books for JEE which one is better?
Which physics theory book should I follow in order to solve IE Irodov?
What are the best books for civil engineering in order to crack the GATE for ESE?
Which books should I prefer for metric spaces and complex analysis?
Which book is good for physical chemistry for the JEE (topics like ionic eq. and thermodynamics)?
Which is a great book about couple's communication?
What are some of the best books for every woman who just started her career?
When I'm reading a book or watching a series, is it normal to stress all the time about when I'll finish it?
What are the best books for RAS?
What are the best Gujarati classic fiction books?
What books are good if you are appearing for the railway service competitive exam?
What are some good books on Renaissance art history discussed in the context of the socio-political change?
Can I just start reading The Heroes of Olympus (The Lost Hero), without reading any other Percy Jackson book?
What are some good books to learn accounting and Indian laws for businesses and about Indian taxes?
What are some of the best novels that everyone should read once in their lifetime?
What are the best books to start preparing for civil services for beginners?
What are some good value for money book subscription boxes available in India?
What is the best book to learn Java for beginners?
What is the best self improvement book to read this weekend?
Is there any book that introduces Japan's biological warfare?
Which is the best book for RRB?
What are the reference books required for GATE in mechanical?
Is there any book for current affairs in the question and answer format for SSC CGL 2017?
Are Jaipur FIITJEE coaching chemistry packages enough for class 11 & 12, or do I need any other book? Which book should I refer to if needed?
Which 38 Years book should be preferred for JEE, Cengage or Arihant?
How do I avoid drowsiness while reading a literature book?
What are the most compelling arguments posed against Daniel Quinn's philosophy as it is presented in Ishmael?
What are the best books on moving on from a relationship that never started?
What have you learned from a book?
Where should I study for CPT, from the modules or from the J.K. Shah Classes book? How should I study economics?
Where can I get some good online material on automobile parts and it's working, worth reading during summer?
Is CA Aaditya Jain good for SFM from an exam point of view, or is he just good for gaining financial knowledge?
What are the books recommended to crack AIIMS other than NCERT and Allen modules?
What is an online book for complete information about mutual funds?
What are the best books for CAT preparation for both logical reasoning and the verbal section?
What are the best novels and Knowledge books you would recommend for?
Are there any books only about Russian noun declension?
Which books should I prefer for BEL computer science?
Which book is good for learning about Alexander the Great?
What is a good reference book for 11th CBSE?
Which book is sufficient for BHU BA (arts)?
Why does every dyslexic protagonist in a book are always male?
What is the complete list of books one needs to read to clear UPSC with Political Science as an optional?
Where can I buy a book that is out of print?
What book is a good one to study the Legendre transformation from the very beginning?
Can you recommend some good fiction books with the action taking place in Miami?
What is the most interesting biography, autobiography or a memoir you have read in recent times?
What is the reference maths book for gate EE?
Which is your most favorite book in Harry Potter series? And what makes it your favorite?
Could anyone suggest a book to practice modulus and wavy curve forms?
What are some books that I can get for more knowledge in class 11 for an arts stream?
What are the books that are the must reads for a first-time startup founder?
What are some good books?
Which are best Urdu and Hindi shayari books and writers I should read?
What five enlightening books would you recommend to a Trump supporter?
What are the standard books to follow for gate mechanical?
What are some best books to study electronics engineering?
What is the best book to learn music theory for a mathematician?
Is anyone interested in vintage books, circa 1850 - 1950? Various topics: gardening, jazz, embroidery, religion, poetry, novels.
What is the book’s name in the movie “MANAM” when Nagarjuna met with Samantha at the book shop?
So I have a couple of books that I have read and don't intend on reading them again, is there any website where I can sell used books in India?
Which book is best for Madhya Pradesh general knowledge?
What are the best books of SaaS product marketing?
Which book is good for calculus in BITSAT?
Which books do you recommend 20-year-olds to read before they reach 30?
What is a GATE question bank book for Civil with minimum errors?
How can I improve my English spelling and reading skills as a new learner?
Which is the best book for an Indian Navy tradesman?
What are some books on comparative mythology?
In a bag, there are 5 green books, 5 red books and 5 blue books. In how many ways can we fill 3 vacant places with these 15 books?
Why do I get sleepy when I read a book?
What is the best book you suggest to learn about viruses for someone with very little background in biology?
Is Pradeep's Fundamental Physics good for AIIMS and NEET preparation?
What are some books that can help you in the future?
How can I find books related to my passion?
How do I learn C network programming? Is there a book I can study?
What is the best book for understanding remittances?
Can you write a brief book review to summarize your favorite book?
Which reference books are best for informatics practices in class 11?
Which book should I use to prepare for the Vizag steel management trainee exam in the metallurgy stream?
What is the best book of reasoning for recent banking exams?
Which is the best book to understand the same words used as different parts of speech?
Which book is the best for CGL I & II?
Is it ok to study only the "Concepts of Physics" by HC Verma and not the NCERT book for class 12 board and AIPMT entrance?
Which books should I read to know ​the mindset of people as they grow?
Why do engineering students score more when they study from reference books as compared to those who studies from simple printed notes?
Can I get Electronic Devices and Circuits – T.F. Bogart Jr., J.S.Beasley and G.Rico book online?
Why do some people read a lot of books? How is that such an interesting hobby?
Is Jawaharlal Nehru an overrated author?
Which books/documentaries would you recommend for learning about the Six Day War?
Which are the best question objective books for ESE (CE)?
What is a good non-fiction book recommendation for vacation reading?
Which books are best to prepare for IIT-JAM/TIFR/JEST (Physics) and BSc. Physics university exams?
Which books are good for me to read during my free time (fantasy is my choice)?
Which economy book to reference for the UPSC exam, the one by Ramesh Singh or by the late Sanjeev Verma (updated)?
Is there any book named “Computer Organization and Microprocessors”?
If there is one book that you have read and would recommend that everybody should read it, what would it be?
Which type of glass do I need to make some Prince Rupert’s Drops? Also, what are some good books about them or good internet pages?
What kinds of Indian books do you like to read in terms of genre? Does India have a great fictional fantasy book?
Which are best books for mechanical engineering 1st semester?
Which books have you read more than 2 times?
Which books has a similar heroine like Susannah Simon (The Mediator)?
What are the best reference books for CA-IPC Group 2?
What are some great children's books that adults can learn from?
How do I develop a deeper understanding of the stock market, and basically the secondary market? Please suggest ways to learn more or the names of some good books on finance and economics, etc.?
What transformation did the book Awaken the Giant Within by Anthony Robbins bring in your life?
How do I get motivated to read more books as a teenager and get smarter?
What are the books, songs, poems, biographies, PDF you think can turn me from 'I don't want anything (even if I am fully capable)" to " Yeah! I'll do it"?
What are some good books that are basically autobiographies/biographies of successful marriages?
Can Awdhesh Singh Sir share the names of his favourite top 10 self-help books?
What genre of books should I read to become a smart, tactful, and manipulative woman?
What are the best self-study books for cracking the CAT 2017? I am a CA and will be taking the CAT for the first time. I have not touched Math since class X.
Which is the best book for theory for NSEJS class 10?
Which are some recommended books for the UPSC in the maths optional?
What is the best novel to read as a teenager?
What are the best books for GATE (electrical engineering) and any tips or suggestions for preparation, will be a great help?
What are some good books I should read this year?
Are there different writers of NCERT books? If yes, then who is the best writer?
Which books did Agam Jain read before moving to Delhi?
What are some good behavioural science books?
Which 10-20 nonfiction books should one read to become a truly educated person?
What are the best books for cracking Gate ECE and CAT?
Which book should I refer for doing the JEE Mains and Advanced Physics?
What topics do Leonard Susskind’s The Theoretical Minimum and his book Classical Mechanics cover? What's the difference between the two books?
Which are the most reputable and important reference books for a CNC Machinist?
To which book should I refer to crack NEET?
What do we already know about "thoughts"? What field of science studies them? What are some book suggestions?
Which is the most basic book available on quantum mechanics?
Which book should I buy for the CAT exam?
What is a good book for theory for chemistry for JEE Main and Advanced?
Which are the best books for basic aerospace engineering?
What books on bipolar disorder have you found to be the best? I loved "An Unquiet Mind" by Kay Jamison and recommend it.
Which are some best books to know more about space?
Are there any books on operational management? I am looking for effective management for an electrical factory.
Which spoken English book is the best?
What are some good Islamic apologetic books?
What are the reference books to crack the design aptitude test for an IIT?
What are some love story novels with sad endings?
Why doesn't the Deep Learning Book reference any of Leslie Valiant's work?
What is a good book, pre-1900s, to compare to The Road by Cormac McCarthy?
What do you think about readers who add meaning (criticism) to book?
How and when should I read a book of poems?
Which books do I need to refer to for the Vizag Steel management trainee exam for mechanical engineering?
What is the best book on quantum mechanics for a beginner with very little background in calculus?
What books are needed for NEET medical?
What are the best books for class 9 maths and science?
What are the best books or links for preparing for the Financial Management section of the BOI credit officer exam? What are your suggestions?
What are the attributes of a wise person? What books should I read in order to expand my mind?
What is the sense in reading books if you later forget about most of them?
What are some great books related to ecology and the environment?
What will change in me if I start reading books?
Why do people sit with a pencil while reading a book?
As a student, which Veda should I read?
Is a reference book necessary for class 10 CBSE (2018 batch)?
Which books should I use for NEET preparation And what startgery should I follow in summer vacations? I am in class 11th.
How can a UPSC aspirant exhaustively prepare the for the Mains syllabus for the GS Paper II? Are there any standard books like Laxmikant?
What is the best book for studying quantum physics from scratch?
How do I prepare for the JEE Main, and what are some good books for doing so?
Can you recommend a book on Indian history (7th to 14th century)?
In today’s busy life, when do you read books?
Which book do you love the best?
Which NCERT books are important for the UPSC prelim?
What books are good to read to understand how derivative securities work under-the-hood?
What is the best book on calculus that teaches us the calculus required to understand quantum mechanics?
What books and resources would you recommend to learn designing and building APIs with Nodejs?
What are the best leftist books you came across?
What is the best seller book of all time?
How do I read a lot of books with no time?
What are some of the greatest business books Gordon Miller can recommend for me to read?
What books can one read to understand more about ancient Indian science and mathematics?
What kind of book should I read as a freshman recruiter? Or, what things should I learn deeper, so I could be a master in interviews?
Which are the best reference books for class 11 CBSE science (physics, chemistry and biology)?
What would you like to know about India? If it came as a book form, what would be the title?
What is the best book on maths literature?
Are there any books related to human psychology, specifically describing why humans behave a certain way?
What is a new book on church planting?
Which reference book is best for class 9th to become a topper?
Where can I sell old novels in Pune?
Which types of books can be read after a breakup?
What are some really good sci-fi books?
How can I be an IAS officer, and what are the best books for preparation?
For the NEET 2018, which book should I study for biology, Aakash modules or the ALLEN DLP book after the NCERT?
Which book should I refer for ITSM (IPCC)?
How many of you think that the making of Bahubali will be highly informative and a text book for visual media and VFX students and be released soon?
What are some of the best novels that everyone should read once in their lifetime?
What is the best book that can give you deep insight about hospitality and hospitality industry?
Can I teach myself with books?
Which are some of the best books for Combined Medical Services examination?
What books do I read to understand the OTC market?
Are there any study materials that combines all of the topic-wise NCERT books into one?
Should I use only NCERT books for my class 10 annual exam? If no, then name that reference book?
What is the revolution of the book?
Which books are best for details of finance and investment, especially for students of IIM Ahemdabad?
What is the most important book of the 21st century?
What are the seminal works in human resource management?
What are the best books or links for preparing for the financial management section of the BOI credit officer exam?
Is SL Arora Physics a good book for RBSE Class 12?
Where can I get good book reviews?
Which is the best book and way to gain the basic knowledge for an IPO in India?
What are some of the books and videos I can refer to learn hacking? How much time does it take do so?
Where I can get the class 12th solutions of the DK Goel Accountancy book?
What are some good books on philosophy for someone who plans on majoring in philosophy?
Which books should I read to improve statistics?
What is the best spectroscopy book for Physical Chemistry?
What is the best site to read a book's critiques?
What is the syllabus for organic chemistry for IIT JAM and which reference books are to be followed?
Which books can help me to get into IBA Karachi?
Which one is the best C programming book for the intermediate level?
What book should I buy for Class 10?
Which book is useful to study for the class 10 CBSE exam in 2017-2018?
Which is the best book for Oracle SCM?
Is it necessary to prepare from all three books, i.e. the study material, the guide books and the NCERT books, for the UP provincial civil services?
Which are the best books written by Indian authors on programming language 'C'?
What are some fiction books about serial killers?
If you could own/read only one book about programming/CS, what would it be?
How do I read what I don't like?
Which is the best refrence book for class 11 physics if the aim is not to clear any competition and just to gain marks in 11th exams?
Which book should I prefer for the 8th board and SOF Olympiads?
What is the best book to help and lead USA immigrants to a successful path?
What is the best book for antenna theory as a part to be studied for the GATE 2018?
Which book should I refer to gain the basic knowledge about networking?
Is there a basic, unbiased book on economics you recommend?
Should I stop using my PC so much and start reading more books as a teenager?
What are some good books for welding fixture design?
Which is the best book to learn stock marketing for begineers?
Which book is best for the SSC JE Electronics?
What is the first novel that got you interested in fiction?
Which is the best book to study switching theory and logic design?
What are some recommendations for some good books on psychology for someone not having psychology as a major?
Which is the best book to study physical chemistry?
What are some of the books, videos and articles which will be helpful in preparing for MUNs?
Which books do students at top medical colleges read in the first year?
What should I read in order to understand Swedenborg and his influence on Blake?
How should I find out if I like computer science vs math? Can you suggest any books?
Is there any difference between the newer edition Barron physics, chemistry, and math books and the 9th and 8th editions?
Which site or book should I read to learn about exploits?
What is the best book for a beginner to learn Java in 2017? Will the older books like “Head First Java” help in learning the latest version of Java?
How do I know what is considered as dharma? Is there a specific book?
Which books youth of India is reading as of 2017?
Which is the best book or way to understand the equivalent concept?
Your home is going up in flames. You can only save one book. What book do you take with you?
What is the most preferred book for Bill Gates except for "Business adventure"?
What would you like to know about China? If it were in book form, what would the title be?
What are some books everyone should read in life?
What is a good book about the Eastern Front in WWI?
Does reading more books make you more confused and anxious?
How should I learn aptitude and reasoning from zero level at home with the help of the Internet and books?
What are the best books for mathematics for class 12 students?
How can I collect research for a book?
Why are books written on the partition of India by Punjabis given more importance than books written by Bengali authors on the partition of Bengal?
What are some good books to learn Indian history?
Which books should I refer to for AMIE section B mechanical engineering?
What anime series are similar to Malazan Book of the Fallen?
What are the top books for leading remote teams?
Which book should I give my teen siblings to get them interested in learning? Recommend any book: science, history, maths, literature, etc.
What are your favorite humorous passages from a self-help or how-to book?
Which books and websites do you suggest for studying for the Facebook data engineer interview?
If you could recommend one great business/entrepreneurial book, what would it be?
Is reading the Lars Kepler books in order necessary?
What is a good book on Computational neuroscience for the layperson?
Is the book Design of Transmission Systems by Jayakumar good to refer to for actual design practices or only for exams?
What are the best books to learn EEE basics?
Where can I best read books?
What are some of the best lines ever written in any novel?
What are the best novels with science fiction and humor?
I'm a fan of Dan Brown and have also read books from Elif Shafak. Which book should I take up next?
Is there any book which contains real time incidents of great people which changed their prospective?
What is the best book to learn hacking for the students of grade: 9 - 10?
What books should I read to get into BUET?
What books are based on history of India?
What are the best books on Aryans?
What are the best books to learn about stock market in India?
Am I learning C the right way? Also, what are the best resources/books to get a better insight into the system's hardware and software interaction?
What is the “politics of becoming” that William Connolly mentions in his book "Why I Am Not a Secularist"?
Who has read a book authored by Andrus K Tebecis, PhD?
Which is the best Hindi (easy language) book for 2nd class or 1st class mining posts?
What is your tween reading right now?
What is the best book/material for learning javavscript?
Should I buy old NCERT or new NCERT books for the basics?
Do I have to buy books in the 1st semester at SRM KKR campus or do they provide all of the books?
How does reading help me?
What is the best website or book to be updated about recent entrepreneurial trends?
What are some books a 14 year old should read?
What are some good books that teach you how to deal with different types of people?
Which books are good to learn Visual Basic Application?
What is best book for IIT preparation for 6 class?
Are there any solutions provided for the book Mathematical Circles: (Russian Experience)?
What books do you consider must be read in their original language?
What are some recommendations for good books on psychology for any person not having psychology as a major?
If you could own or read only one book about CS or programming, what would it be?
What are good books on the Kapampangan people of the Philippines?
If you could only own one book about computer science/programming, what would it be?
Which books do you recommend 20-year-olds to read before they reach 30?
Which book is better for MBBS ophthalmology, Parson or Khurana?
Which book store in Patna is best for buying Cengage books?
Why don't I like to read books with dialogue?
What are some of the best books available in PDF format for learning Java? Can you give the links?
What are your favourite lines from books or novels you have read?
What are the best movies and books set in Paris during the Belle Époque?
Which books are best for the UPSC Mains for mathematics 1 and 2?
Sometimes a book can be a "cure", is there any book that effectively solved some problem in your life?
What book should I use in preparation for the DT CA final exam?
Which book should I reference to prepare for MT metallurgy at Vizag steel plant?
What are some great books to read during college?
Are there any good modern control books that have examples or a solution manual?
Have you read the book Unscripted: Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Entrepreneurship by MJ DeMarco?
What is the best book for developing concepts in mathematics?
What is the best book for essay writing in UPSC Mains? I am doing self study.
What are the best books on project management in a scientific/engineering context?
Which is the best book on fluid mechanics for BARC interview preparation for chemical engineering?
What are the latest history books you can recommend?
Can I read Nancy Drew books for free?
What are some short and good law books to read?
Is there any book for beginners to understand basic human psychology?
How can I find this book, "Kaplan and Manner: Culture Theory"?
How is Inamdar for GPAT preparation? Is it a good book to prefer?
What is the number one book to use as a guide to success?
What is the best math model book about the El Farol bar problem?
Which is the best book to read on Rumi’s love poems?
Which mouth organ is best for beginners?
Where can I buy the Condor Heroes book trilogy by Jin Yong/Louis Cha in English?
Which book should I buy to prepare for AIEEE?
What are good books or informational resources for men in their 50s considering having a second child?
How do I use mind mapping when I read a book since CV I wants to do that?
What is the best book for data structures through C?
What books should I read to get a full scope of math, from the very basics up to calculus? (It’s fine if the books are in volumes.)
Which are the best books to gain insights into mechanical engineering?
What book can one read to learn the meaning of narcissism?
What are your favorite Suspense / Romantic novels of the last ten years?
Which are the best 5 English novels for children?
What are your favorite humorous passages from a science article or book?
Is there any book to understand framing of conversation or arguments to our favor?
Which are the best books to learn computer languages?
What are the non-fiction books written by INTJs?
What topics are best illustrated in the various books of JEE? How do I prepare from these books?
How do I start with random topics or reading a book in one go for public administration? Without proper guidance, how do I start preparing this optional?
What are some great books/novels on philosophy (non romantic or preachy) in Punjabi literature?
Where can one find the latest collection of e-books?
When will the book The Exile of Mukunda be released?
What are the best illustrated topics from the various JEE books and how can you self-study from these books?
Where can I find books that will teach me how to hack?
What is a good book on what our modern world is made of? One that has a general overview of what makes up our buildings, cars, electronic devices, etc
Does The Magic book really help to motivate?
I want to start reading philosophy. Is Essays by Montaigne a good book to begin with?
What are good books for becoming a good lawyer?
Why do some people read a lot of books? How is that such an interesting hobby?
What are some good books to learn about the Indian Armed Forces in detail?
What are the best books/study aids to help interlink with medical subjects?
How often do you get books you want to read at cheaper rate in India?
What book could be used for the statistical probability part in the actuary entrance exam (ACET)?
What are some free online books to read?
What are the best books for numerical analysis and linear programming?
What are the best novels for a college student in fiction?
How do I start studies in class 11 (for commerce students)? What are the best books to start studying?
Are there any good books to help with a restaurant setup?
What are the best Indian books?
Can anyone recommend a novel to me? It must be the best that you've ever read and can help me build an interest in reading.
Where can I get an errorless physics book for free?
Is ISC Mathematics by Gupta and Bansal (Sultan Chand Publishing) a good mathematics book for IIT?
Which is the best objective book of maths for JEE?
How is energy absorbed by an atom? Is there a book/course which explains this whole concept?
Has anyone here taken ASRB Mains in agriculture biotechnology? If yes, what are some important books and topics other aspirants should look to?
What are the extra books to read and understand to pass the JEE Advanced?
What is a book/material about the philosophy of software testing?
Which book provides tier 2 maths question bank for SSC CGL?
What is best book for Lebesgue integration?
Which book should I buy in class 11 for chemistry?
Frederick Forsyth has never written about India in any of his books?
Can I use my Marx horse collection in my story book and can I use their name?
Which books will help me for the IAS preparations?
What are the best calculus books to have fun with for 12th pass students?
Which books has a similar heroine like Susannah Simon (The Mediator)?
What is the best book for machine learning applications?
How should I start economics for CSE? Should I read the book or just go through the Unacademy NCERT economics summary?
How do I fill out an industrial training log book?
Which book should I choose for basic maths?
What are some appropriate alien books for a 12 y/o?
Which are the best books on reasoning and financial awareness for promotional exams in banks?
What are the books to read if we want to discover the truth about India's independence, the freedom fighters involved and their true characters.?
Do you ever step back and realize that reading is essentially blobs of ink on paper but that we can take so much meaning from books and other texts?
What would be good book to introduce a toddler to the Bengali language?
What are your criticisms of Charles Dickens' books?
Which book to prefer for costing in Ca final?
Which book is best about a spy?
How can I summarize the book I read in a short period?
What book is needed for the CBSE applied art for class 12 (code 052)? Is there an NCERT book?
Which are the best anthropology books for UPSC preparation?
What are the good books to study the European history?
What is the best reference book for bio in class 11 for AIIMS?
What are some good Indian fiction novels about love?
What does this Publius Syrus quote mean, “Divide the fire and you will sooner put it out”?
Should I read other books beside Computer Graphics Principle and Practice?
What are the books that can be referred to, while studying European history?
What can you tell us about your book?
Which is the best book for physiology in the 1st year of an MBBS?
Which book is good on the working of GPS for beginners?
Should Indian kids read books written by British authors only?
What should a good econometrician be reading every week?
What are the latest recommended world history books?
What kind of book should I read after clearing CAT for an interview?
How should I start if I want to build my own (private) library?
Which is the best book for SSC CGL 2017 tier 1?
What class is good for NET mathematics preparation? Or how can I pass the exam by studying by myself? What are the best books?
What was the Vietnam War like for Communist soldiers? Are there any sources or books you could recommend?
What is the shortest time you finished reading a computer science related book like reading it as a novel, and grasped the concepts?
How useful will it be to read the book of Einstein 'The World as I See It'?
Which book is best for biology 12 CBSE board exams?
Which is the best book to learn Java Scripting from scratch?
Which is the best book for numericals in physics for the IIT-JEE? I already have Irodov.
Which are the best novels for inspiration and motivation?
Are Cengage physics books (Advanced series) enough to crack INPHO?
Which books are reliable for the JEE Main preparation (not necessarily for Advanced as well)?
How can we study if we are not having books?
What are the best books/study aids to help interlink medical subjects?
What is the basic information required to understand quantum mechanics? Is there a book that teaches it?
Do you buy (non-fiction) books or visit a bookstore?
How do I pass the IELTS, and which books would help me to do so?
What are some famous French books?
Why don't I like books with dialogue?
What are the top 10 novels every reader should read?
Where and how can I study intermediate level XSS?
Which is a good iOS app for reading any books online?
What are the best objective books for medical preparation?
Which problem books do you recommend for IPhO? Is the one of 'Igor Irodov' well enough?
Which is the best book on quantum mechanics for begginers having no background in calcalus?
What does it mean if you choose a book to read and you don't remember what you read?
What are some children's books that aid their introduction/learning to/of philosophy?
Which one maths foreign books which helps to build up concept on IIT level?
In which book shop in Ranchi can I find Shubhash Dey's Business Studies book for Class 12?
Which book is best for English comprehension, grammar and vocabulary?
What are the best books for PCMB group 12?
What is the book “The Secret” written about?
Can I study from just my institution’s books for Class 11, Narayana?
What books should I read for the NEET PG?
Which book should I buy for CAT preparation?
Which is the best guide or reference book for 10th class, according to the CBSE pattern of 2017 (besides NCERT)?
What are some good books on learning Mandarin for absolute beginners?
What is the base for civil engineering code? Is that practically examined?
Which books should I buy to prepare for NTSE?
Which is best book for mathematics class 10 CBSE?
Which books are preferable for an MT electrical post at a Vizag Steel plant?
Which are some good books for CBSE 11th and 12th accountancy and economics?
Which is the best book IIT JEE match?
What are the references/books for learning the Kotlin language?
Which famous or popular books do you hate? Why?
What are the good books that I should go for to become a statistician?
What books would you recommend someone who wants to learn the philosophy in Hinduism?
What reference books are best for IIT JEE preparation?
Which non-academic fiction books would Awdhesh Singh suggest that are related to bureaucracy?
Where in Lahore can I sell my O and A level books for a good price?
How do you format action novels?
Which is the best book for a person who is willing to go for marketing as a carrier?
What are some of the best must read suspense fiction books?
Which is a good book in Chemistry for theory for JEE Mains and Advanced?
What is the best math storybook for a 6-year-old kid?
Where can I find fiction novels at a cheaper rate in Delhi?
Is there any need to study extra books, like Pardeeps and Modern, for year droppers to crack the NEET?
Who writes blogs on Quora about history, books, anthropology, myth, Christian history, geography, or travel?
What are the best books on clean code, data structure, & algorithms? And what is the best way to improve my logic?
Which is the best book to refer for KMAT and PGCET for MBA?
What are the best introductory books for the category of theory?
Can I really live out my fantasies like I've read about in fiction novels and seen in pornographic films?
As a beginner, where should I start with artificial intelligence? What books would you suggest? Any experience will be appreciated.
What are some of the best books lines?
What are some books and websites with analogies or metaphors for mathematical concepts and formulas?
What books should I refer to for the KAS exam? If I'm studying without outside coaching, how should I study?
Which books should I refer to clear the overseas registration exam (ORE) in the UK?
Which are the best books for basic aerospace engineering?
Which is the best book to understand the research methods and statistics?
Is there any 80s or earlier science book (not science fiction) which 'predicted' that video calling would one day become an everyday phenomenon?
Which books are required reading for mechanical for the GATE?
Which spoken English book is the best?
What are the best books for energy audits?
What are some basic books that a finance background student should read?
What should I do if my university bills me for books I didn’t take?
What are some love story novels with sad endings?
What are some books that people interested in NLP must read?
What is your review of the book The Most Beautiful: My Life with Prince written by Prince’s first wife Mayte Garcia?
Indian history textbooks lack a lot of true Indian history; what could be the alternative rich reading sources for students from grades 6 to 12?
Is there any book for machine learning in pharmaceutical chemistry?
Which book should be used for the class 5 Olympiad?
Is Errorless a good book to start in class 11 for the JEE Main and Advanced? What is the best book for PCM to start preparation?
How many books besides the new book "Wake Up American" tells of a Hillary Clinton presidency if she were elected?
Is there any book on biological terms etymology?
What books should I read on ancient battle strategy and tactics?
Which book should I refer to to make my organic chemistry knowledge strong both for the JEE Advanced and for scoring 100% in class 12?
What should teen fiction novels contain?
Which books should I read to make myself fluent in English?
Can I get Yandamoori’s books?
What are the best MCQ books for AIPGMEE?
Which order should I read Lacan?
Which are the best books for deep preparation of the GATE 2018 for civil engineering?
What are some good books on advanced Graphology?
What are life-changing books out there with regards to becoming a financial success?
Are there any great books that speak, specifically, on how not to be passive aggressive?
What (non best seller) books influenced you the most and why?
Do you read many books?
What are some modern book adaptations of Shakespeare's Othello?
Which reference books are better for class 10?
Which is the best reference book for chemistry for the NCERT board and NEET too?
Which is the best book I should read for learning life lessons and life experiences?
What books are good to read to understand how derivative securities work under-the-hood?
What other books on OOAD include real-world case studies, besides “Object-Oriented Analysis and Design with Applications”?
What are the top book recommendations on learning about various business industries?
I just made the mistake of telling my main character of my book about his role in said book, and he asked me to leave him out of it. What do I do?
Which are the best reference books for class 11 CBSE science (physics, chemistry and biology)?
What are some books that one should read during the second year of an economics honours course at DU?
What are books, podcasts, magazines, websites, industry leaders, articles, and research within Management Consulting to gain in-depth insight?
What is the most informational book you have ever read?
What are the best reference books for commerce with maths in CBSE board? Both 11th and 12th.
What is the best book about Warren Buffett in Hindi?
What is the most comprehensive book on animals of California?
How can I learn faster and read a good book?
What are some great books to read to figure out what I wanna do in life and how to succeed at that?
What is the best book about ancient civilizations?
How can I be an IAS officer, and what are the best books for preparation?
What are some of the best teen fiction novels?
What guide book is best for the 12th history course?
Why are books interisting?
What are the books that contain the secrets of the universe, regarding how to get wealthy?
Would a book labeled as alternative fiction put you off buying it?
Which book is better for JEE chemistry, Modern’s ABC or the MTG books?
What books do I read to understand the OTC market?
What is a good book for statistics for the data science people?
Which book should I use for NEET: Pradeep or USS?
Can you give me some links to objective books on physics, chemistry and biology for NEET preparation?
Do I need to read the first 13 books before starting with '14th Deadly Sin' by James Patterson?
What is the top must-read Islamic book?
Is there any difference in the RD Sharma class 11 book for ISC and CBSE?
How do I create an interest in non-fiction books?
Which is the best source to read Shiva Purana in English?
What are the best ways to support an author besides buying their books?
What is a synopsis of the book "How I Became Stupid” by Martin Page?
Within how many days can I finish Word Power Made Easy by Norman Lewis?
Which books should I prefer for relations and functions?
What is the best book and MOOCs to understand digital marketing and blogging?
Is it necessary to prepare from all three books, i.e. the study material, the guide books and the NCERT books, for the UP provincial civil services?
What are some great books or websites about nutrition and weight loss?
Which is the best online website or book for learning RTOS?
Are there any good, free, science and theories related books on Kindle like the theory of relativity?
What are the different text features in a book?
Which is the best refrence book for class 11 physics if the aim is not to clear any competition and just to gain marks in 11th exams?
What is the best book(s) on virology or virus?
Which is the best book to understand the trading process of the stock market, provided I have sufficient commercial background?
Which book should I prefer for the 8th board and SOF Olympiads?
What is the best book for antenna theory as a part to be studied for the GATE 2018?
What books are to be studied for the APPSC Group 1 exam?
Which are the interesting books for beginners?
Should I buy the biography book of Steve Jobs that was written by Walter Isaacson?
Are there any serious scientific websites / books I may read about veganism?
What are the best books for Java programming and Python? Is there a book that features everything, from beginner to advanced?
What should I read in order to understand Swedenborg and his influence on Blake?
Are there any good books which discuss the transitions in health and social care?
What are the best books about discipline?
Is Neeraj a good book for an M.Com?
What are the best books to learn technical aspects of screenwriting?
Does reading books impact our psychology? Why do negative books impact us negatively and positive books impact us positively?
What book is currently on your reading list this week?
What is a recommended introductory book on educational testing for newbies with no background in either advanced math or statistics?
Are there any books that will help me to talk and think like a lawyer?
Which book is best on Indian Polity, which covers knowledge from basic to last?
How do I know what is considered as dharma? Is there a specific book?
Which books youth of India is reading as of 2017?
Which is the best fiction novel to read with a dramatic suspense?
What are the best books from which I can learn how to use the subconscious mind for achieving goals?
What book has helped you multiple times in your student life?
What are the most unmissable books?
What book about databases was written by C.J. Date?
What is the math book for the CAT?
What does “vintage” written on a book cover mean?
What are some of the books for GRE preparation?
What is the best book for non-conventional energy sources from an ESE point of view?
What books do you recommend if I am willing to start a tech based startup?
What are some good books on logical reasoning?
What are the names of some good books for IES preparation?
What book should I use for CA final auditing? I prefer a book which has elaborate explanations and should not be in Q&A format.
Which book is better for inorganic chemistry - J. D. Lee or Prabhat Kumar?
Which is the best book for physics for IIT?
Which books are best for IIT?
Which is the best book that explains about light and heat energy in depth?
What are your personal top 10 dystopian books?
What are the best ways to learn new topics for engineering students? Listening to lectures or reading books?
Which books should we choose for BITS, and when should we start?
What are some novels which can change my life to understand what I should do?
What books does Warren Buffet like to read? Does he have a reading list?
What is the “politics of becoming” that William Connolly mentions in his book "Why I Am Not a Secularist"?
What are the best book publishing agencies in 2017?
Which book is best on pulse diagnosis (नाड़ी परीक्षा) in Hindi?
Which is the best book on philosophy for a beginner?
What would be the best book or set of books for advance British English covering every part with voice and accent practice that is not boring?
What are some books to comprehend GST for a beginner?
Which are the good books to practice for MNC aptitude tests?
How is the US portrayed in the history books of your country?
Which is the best PCM books for class11?
Are side books important for class 11th?
Are there any solutions provided for the book Mathematical Circles: (Russian Experience)?
Which book should I prefer for solving inequations for the JEE?
Is the writer Salman Rushdie anti-Muslim?
Which books are good for the APPSC Group 3 Mains?
Why don't I like to read books with dialogue?
What would a history book about 2017 look like?
Would you ever recommend "The Book Thief" by Markus Zusak to any one of your friends? Why?
What are some of the best books available in PDF format for learning Java? Can you give the links?
What are some good nonfiction books (science-related preferable)?
What is the best book you would recommend to a friend to read?
What books should I read in high school to help me get into college?
Where can I get famous Telugu novels or books for negligible rates?
Which are the must-read books on hacking?
How much time should 2 paragraphs cover in my book?
What are the best books on project management in a scientific/engineering context?
How do books contribute to the success of a lawyer?
How do I start preparing for shorthand at home and gain 100 wpm speed for the SSC stenographer exam? Please recommend books, tips, etc.
Which are some good books to read on the topic of public health and policy?
Which Peter Winkler book should I buy, Mathematical Puzzles or Mathematical Mind Benders, if I must buy just one?
Which book is best for learning SOP?
What are some wedding readings from novels?
Which is the best book for the previous year’s solved papers of the GATE mechanical?
What kinds of books would you recommend for an English learner?
What are some of the most useful reference book you ever came across?
What are good Vedic books that I can learn manners and etiquette from?
Which is the best book for basic knowledge of stock market and IPO ?
What is the best book for data structures through C?
Which books are required to qualify for BBAU?
How can I get useful English history articles and books in electronic edition?
Which are the best books to gain insights into mechanical engineering?
What books should I read to get a full scope of math, from the very basics up to calculus? (It’s fine if the books are in volumes.)
Which is the best portal for ordering books?
What books would you suggest for a student of PCB aiming for the AIIMS and currently promoted in class 11 CBSE?
What are the 5 books that have inspired Warren Buffett?
What books should I read before visiting China?
What are the best reading books one should never miss in everyone's life?
What are some great books/novels on philosophy (non romantic or preachy) in Punjabi literature?
What are the best futurist book to boost creativity?
What are some theory books for physics & chemistry to prepare for the NEET?
Which are the best books to prepare for the TISSNET 2018?
What is the best book for information technology if I am a beginner?
Which book should I go for understanding the basics of Psycholinguistic? (I have no background in psychology & preparing it fr PhD entrance exam)
What type of books should I read if I am 18?
What books would you suggest for a beginner like me?
Which book should I recommend for the preparation of GATE (mechanical)?
I want to start reading philosophy. Is Essays by Montaigne a good book to begin with?
What book do you really want to read, but haven't gotten around to it?
How often do you get books you want to read at cheaper rate in India?
What are the best books to increase my skills in Finance?
What is the summary of a book named Dingoes at Dinnertime?
Is current booking available in all trains?
What are the best books for numerical analysis and linear programming?
What are the best novels for a college student in fiction?
What are the best romance books that would make you cry?
What are the best agricultural books?
What are the best textbooks that will help me prepare very well for the GRE physics exam’s different parts?
What is the best Christian book for overcoming doubt and worry?
Which is the best book to enhance English speaking skills?
Which is the best objective book of maths for JEE?
What are the extra books to read and understand to pass the JEE Advanced?
What is the best book for learning Ionic 3?
What are considered some must read books at any venture capitalist firm?
Which are the best books to prepare for SNAP?
What book did Kakashi read after he killed Rin?
What are some good books to read for a highschool philosophy club?
What books can I read to take my life and self less seriously?
What is the best physics book for IGCSE 2017 in May/June?
Which are some books that a commerce graduate must read?
What is the best way to study a book?
Which Leo Tolstoy book did I read?
What is best book for Lebesgue integration?
What are the best books for solving problems in Python?
Which are the best books for young entrepreneurs?
What are the prescribed books for GRE preparation at present?
Which books should I study for NEET 2018?
How can we study if we are not having books?
Which mathematics book should I read for IIT?
What book should we read for govt exams preparation?
What is the book-keeping strategy in math or algorithm context?
What are the books that proffesional Android developer should read?
Do you ever step back and realize that reading is essentially blobs of ink on paper but that we can take so much meaning from books and other texts?
What is a really good book for Java and data structure, as a beginner?
What kind of book would you like to read on your leisure time?
Can you show your collection of books for the JEE preparation?
What are some best books available on Kindle for free?
What is a good book for engineering mathematics for GATE prep?
How is energy transformed? Is there any book that explains this?
Which books to study for programming data structures 2?
What are some good books for bridge analysis and design?
Which are your favorite love stories by Catherine Cookson?
Which and how many books do I have to read to get a good hold on solar energy?
What are some good books about Camelot that can be read as myths (like the Odyssey)?
What are some good fictional or non-fictional philosophical novels about life, relationships, and human nature?
Which are the best books for deep preparation for the 2019 GATE for civil engineering?
Which is the standard book for Mathematics section for GATE CSE?
Which are the recent good novels I can refer?
Which book is best for biology 12 CBSE board exams?
Which is the best book to learn Java Scripting from scratch?
What is the best book of maths for IIT preparation?
If you could erase one book series from ever being written, which would you choose and why?
What is the only book I have to read in order to realize my dream of becoming wealthy?
Which is the best book for share market study and investment?
Which is best book on quantum mechanics for a student studying in class 10 which explains both basic and complex information?
Which book should I buy for algebra? I have completed Cengage algebra and I'm looking forward to good and challenging problems.
What're Gordon Miller's top 5 favourite books?
Which is the best book for the basic knowledge of stock market and IPO?
Are there any good books similar to ASOIAF and The Witcher Saga?
What books do you recommend to start reading on Chomsky? Which ones are his best books?
Which is the best book for sales training?
Is the book Jd Lee worth buying?
Why don't I like books with dialogue?
What are the top 10 novels every reader should read?
Why do people count the books they've read (as in a book challenge)? Why does that number matter?
Which are some good books for GST?
Which book is more preferable for an MT mechanical post at Vizag Steel Plant?
What is the best solution to begin reading books without getting bored?
Why is the majority of old books or novels only about noble people?
What are the best books for knew about Indian history?
What are some random good books?
What book should I buy for 12th physics?
Is there a real substance that, if injected, can kill a person immediately like in fiction books or action movies?
In which library in Jodhpur can I read many novels?
What books should I read to have a deep understanding of how OTC securities are built?
What is the best book for the ABC’s of English grammar?
Can you recommend good reference sources for the subject of global trends in mobile education?
What book should be read by BE education major students?
What is a great book which will give me an overview of the most significant trends in IT?
Which is the best reference book for Robotics and mechatronics for ESE preparation?
What is the base for civil engineering code? Is that practically examined?
Which books are best for clearing JEE?
What are the best books for learning about good practices and principles when developing a Node.js application, that are relevant in 2017?
What are some good books that are just on the Nazi Party (NSDAP)?
Which book would widen one’s worldview?
Which newspapers and books should I use for my GRE and CAT preparation?
Who wrote book Unhappy India?
Which do you think are the top 5 must read books?
How accurate is the science in Stephen Baxter's book, The Time Ships?
What are the best books which influenced your life and will recommend to your readers?
What books should I prepare for the Veda IIT entrance test, & how do I prepare?
What are some illustrated encyclopedia about fantasy and folklore that reads like a D&D Monster Compendium?
Which is the best book for a person who is willing to go for marketing as a carrier?
Is a good understanding of second order optimization algorithms necessary to understand deep learning?
Which books should be studied for NSEJS?
Which book is best for the preparation of the BHU B.Sc. Maths level?
What books would you recommend for an "Intermediate" student of business?
What books are you currently reading to your kids?
What books should I read that will help me learn higher-level math?
What are some of the best books lines?
What are some books that can read in free time for maths student?
Is it okay for a student to read multiple computer science books simultaneously?
Which books should I refer to clear the overseas registration exam (ORE) in the UK?
