What's the shrewdest international business deal you've ever seen?
How can I persuade people to think that in-app online payment is safe?
What are the competitive advantages in the high tech industry?
How do I make a QR code for my business?
Can you write a business plan or a plan of action for a student club?
How does Apple play the long game?
What type of problems do people in business strategy research attempt to solve?
How does a website function in business expansion?
Why are business consultants never successful business men?
What is the future business opportunity in US PET Care industry?
What is a strategic quality management?
Where are retail startup business plan templates available?
What should I do to grow my new business of dry fruits?
In the area of business processes, what is the difference between choreography and orchestration?
Which one comes first, a business plan or a strategic plan?
Are there any businesses that succeeded without a proper business strategy?
What are business analysis activities?
Why do organization from strategic alliances form?
What are some examples of internal growth strategies?
What is the relation between customers need and the competitive advantage?
Does a social entreprise need a business plan or a business model canvas?
What are best free blogs on game theory and business strategy?
What is a business tycoon?
What is Podium.Com's (Customer Interaction Platform) competitive advantage?
What are turnaround marketing strategies for manufacturing or service?
What is the best backlinking strategy to use for growing a business?
Is Foursquare profitable?
How do you create a perfect business plan?
Is it better to have business to business or business to customers kind of model?
What software or website can help me manage lots of business inquiries?
What are some best practices for integrating Growth driven Design and Strategic Planning?
What should be my strategy to shift from a profession to a business?
What are examples of businesses forming strategic alliances?
What leadership compentecies are needed to turn around a business that's losing money?
What are some free strategies that helped market your business? Be specific.
What are the basic travel technology aspects that will help customers to grow their business?
How can you use PESTEL and Five Forces analysis for a small single business?
What's the best industrial business?
What business can help me grow in a short time?
How can I increase my teaching business?
How do I make my business successful?
How do I qualify a franchise for a successful business?
Are there any real life examples of Fudunberg and Tirole's “Fat Cat” or “Lean and Hungry” strategies?
What is the best way to get a village/town/city people's phone numbers in India?
What are some tools to help create the sections of the business model?
Do you need venture capital to grow fast?
Do you need more clients and better ways to increase your business?
How do startups position themselves (strategy and tactics)?
What is the most inventive business model?
What is one monumental failure you had when you started your business?
What are successful functional level strategies for a growing business?
What strategies and opportunities exist for small/new businesses in an industrial environment that is heavily consolidating (lots of M&As)?
How do I know if my business request is being ignored or needs more time to process?
How can I grow my consultancy that is centered around young entrepreneurs? Goalsja.com
Do all businesses grow forever? If not, how do they survive?
What are the best ways to find partner companies to help my business grow?
What business models made the greatest impression on you?
Why do companies form strategic lliances?
Do you have any tips on business strategy when developing an API?
How do you succeed in your business as a beginner?
What are the best blogs about business strategy?
Is there a framework for IT and business alignment for small business?
In order to optimise your business so that it gives you everything you want, what would you absolutely need to have in place before you launch?
Who came up with the idea of ridesharing?
What is the business model of Global Garner India?
What are some of the key strategic marketing moves that Starbucks has recently made? What has been the result?
What are the most important strategic planning challenges facing public libraries?
Are there SaaS Product companies in India?
When a domestic company expands globally is it better to target one country or several?
Are all businesses a form of exploitation?
If most startups pivot anyway, isn't business plan useless to begin with?
What is Limeroad's concept or business model?
What is the difference between vertical business development and general banking? If given a chance, which should be opted?
How do I evaluate the scope and scale of a business problem?
What are the business strategies one can learn from Baahubali’s humongous success?
What are the strategies to use when my costumers post a picture on Insta using my product? Can I use this picture for my business on Insta?
What is the best business model for charity funds? How do they operate, especially Chinese practices in particular?
How do I save a business concept from my competitors?
Why should a business stop producing a product when its sales begin to decline?
Which are growing businesses in networking?
What is the most successful way you've found to launch your own business and find leads?
What should be the business strategy for Tech Blog?
How do you define the basics, foundations, fundamentals, and elements of business?
How can I leverage my experience as a successful business developer to start a consulting business?
How does IndiaFreeStuff.in work? What is their business model?
How was the business strategy of Uber and Airbnb in the beginning? With a commission on transactions or not? If yes how come they grew so big though?
When have you successfully mixed business and (romantic) pleasure?
What is the business strategy of apps like foodpanda?
What are the fees paid for business strategy consulting in India?
Can a platform business model be applied to agriculture?
How does a sales manager gets business in insurance company?
Is there a risk with providing business services (like graphics, videos, etc) to cannabis/marijuana businesses?
What should I do in business?
What role does infrastructure play in building a business?
What's the unique angle to Forward's business strategy? Will it work?
What is a strategy role?
What are the strategies for monetization of a business?
When did Doritos enter different countries, and with what strategy?
How can art improve a business?
How should I convince my parents to let me start a small business?
What is the best business plan model for a restaurant?
What is a holding company?
What is the value that a business offers?
What is the meaning of collaborative strategy?
Will Microsoft acquire Tableau in 2017?
Is sheep yard business worthful?
What are some lessons learned and point to be noted while moving a business to your country?
How do I build a business model?
What hard sacrifices should be made, in order to go from rags to riches?
What should I do to draft a sales strategy?
Why do I need a business plan if I want to make money off my side business?
What are competitive strategies for small businesses?
What are the best businesses with 25,000rs in Siliguri?
How I do write the best business plan?
What advice do you have for a rapidly growing business?
What is the business model of Badlon Robin?
What is the formal structure in a business?
What is Edgwell's competitive advantage?
What is a business analysis plan?
How does a competitive strategy work?
Where can I find a business plan example/template pertaining to the franchisor business model?
How can I grow my marketing business?
Could I make a successful business based on doughnuts and lemonade?
Have you ever planned a large-scale operation? What lessons did you learn?
What are some strategic management problems?
What happens when you copy your competitor’s product or service?
What business level strategies does Apple use to maintain its competitive edge?
What businesses can grow a lot? What is unique to them?
What is Best Buy’s pricing strategy?
How does knowledge work in business? How does it yield a competitive advantage?
What’s a low-investment, high-profit business?
What are successful business level strategies for a growing business?
What is the business model​ of Canvera?
What is Jeff Bezos “Day 1” philosophy?
Why is creating a professional image an important step on creating a business?
How do I make a business plan from a validated idea?
What are some good research topics for Enterprise Architecture?
How to be a seller to Flipkart, Snapdeal and amozon?
Why is strategic planning needed in higher education?
What tools have you used to simplify and communicate corporate strategy?
What are the some best business plans in India?
What are some creative or nuanced business models that are succeeding in 2017?
What is the strategic value of Live to Facebook?
How do I know the level of IT-business alignment of a company?
After buying a personal plan website in WordPress, can I upgrade to the business plan later on (after the expiry of one term)?
Why are business strategies so important in the global market?
How do I know when to use strategic defaults?
How does one create a business plan in India?
Although in its 10th edition, why do IPL advertisements in 2017 show 10 years of IPL while it’s been only 9 years?
What is the difference in business models between Trivago and OYO Rooms? Are there any other examples in each domain?
What is a good way to go about answering "how will you improve a product" question in a PM interview?
Is Google's user-data advertising business model morally sound?
What is a strategic map?
How do I register my IT business?
What are business formulas?
How do you maximize a shareholders wealth?
How do I design a business model and make a business plan for a travel agency?
How do you judge someone's success in business? By the amount of money?
What is strategic capability?
How does a business competition in industry work?
How can I simplify my business easily?
How do I create a perfect retail business plan?
How do I learn financial modelling to make a successful business plan?
How can you create a very successful company in an area where there are already very big and successful businesses?
So I am going to take over my dad's restaurant business, what should I do to grow the business?
How important are the financial aspects of a business?
Can anyone foresee a startup that disrupts Amazon’s business model?
What is the best business that suits girls?
How can large firms harness entrepreneurial methods to improve competitive advantage?
Why should a mission statement not include monetary amounts and figures?
What are some of the factors that make a business successful?
What do businesses do?
How do I develop a business plan?
When will I get success in my business?
Where can I get a business model sample for a software company?
How can process automation help organizations grow their digital business?
I create ready-made businesses for entrepreneurs. These businesses rely on my business to provide the raw materials. What is this model called?
When a company decides to go for a product, how important is customization?
What business is successful, according to you? Why?
What are successful corporate level strategies for a growing business?
What do you think Quora's business model will look like when they attempt to monetize it?
How can being online help contribute to a green IT strategy?
While formulating an M&A strategy, what are the key aspects to consider to successfully integrate a target greater than $1BN in revenue?
How much does it cost to start an airline?
What best defines Musk’s long term vision?
What is Nestle’s business strategy?
How can you publicize your new business?
What was the best business deal ever made?
How do large firms identify market opportunities?
Why can someone under 16 years of age start a business but they cannot work for a business?
What was the worst business strategy which sank the entire company?
What are the best best business models that restaurants in India follow?
What is the best business any person can do ever?
Can Quora implement an online wallet and tipping system so that I can "tip" someone for a good question or answer?
How do the companies calculate purchase consideration for merger & acquisition?
What is the difference between a business plan and a project plan when developing an idea for a new business starting from 0?
What's the difference between dedicated team and remote insourcing business models?
How can I prepare for choosing my business?
What are some good ideas to become a better strategic manager apart from practical experience?
What are some factors companies need to consider before attempting to enter foreign markets?
As a startup cloud services provider, what is the best way to get clients?
How does the social environment play a central role in deciding business strategies?
How can one become drug (medicine) distributor/dealer in India?
How do I develop a business if I don't have knowledge about competition?
How VCs would react to an entrepreneur pitching a two-phased growth strategy, where we solve different problems in each phase?
What is a business exit strategy?
Is financial planning a profitable business to venture into as an entrepreneur?
How can I grow in the transport business?
What makes some businesses unique?
Why do some companies convert themselves into trusts?
How can an organisation use compensation as a means to gain competitive advantage?
How do I make our business success, easier and friendly for customer and users?
What comes first, strategy or structure?
What are some successful industry for business?
How can a blue ocean strategy be used in the IT sector?
What is the development plan for soap making business?
How I can grow up in stationary shop business?
How can research and development costs be recovered, when resources are not available to produce product based upon the R&D?
Can any business transform into a platform?
How important is the trust and integrity element in small businesses?
What do you think can make you a successful business holder in the Indian market?
Has anyone used an opportunity to grow their business?
Are there any websites that analyses and discusses the performance of startups or large businesses?
How do I make a catchy business plan?
Will someone pay me on an idea if I offer them 40% equity? I have a team and can give a working prototype in less than 3 months.
How do I grow my business to the next level?
How can Porter's Five Forces Model be used to generate strategies?
What sets Google's brand apart from Apple's?
What are some examples of strategic decision in business?
What are the best strategies to succeed in business?
Where can I get a business plan for pigs?
Will Blue Apron go public?
How do I deal with customers psychologically if they understand my business strategy and take each of my answers in a negative way? How do I sell to them?
What are some counter-intuitive (military, business, or public) policy strategies that actually make sense when explained?
How can I expand my namkeen (packaged snack) business in another city of India?
Will entrepreneurs, in times of crisis and near bankruptcy, cut back and minimise or actually try to expand and give it all they’ve got?
How do you write a business plan for life coaching?
Does Nestle has strategic business unit?
How can business objectives be made smart?
What are some ways to become a good strategist?
Why does Gordon Miller say 98% of new businesses fail and what can one do to ensure success?
What are the marketing aspects of a business plan?
How do I help in expanding my father's business?
How do I grow my business in Malaysia?
Are you struggling to grow your business on the internet?
How does one do an effective SWOT Analysis?
Is mergers and Acquisitions the best way for the big shot companies to grow bigger?
Will Elevate Credit go public this year?
How do I build an effective business model?
What are the differences among strategy, policy, and rule? Explain with a few examples.
What do VCs, Seedfund and business experts think about the business model of Byju’s?
What are the uses of compartmentalization in business strategy?
Do literary agents expect writers to include a marketing plan in their query?
How is strategic management illustrated by Apple Inc?
Should IBM spin off Watson?
How can one find commission-only sales representatives around the world?
What could be a product's competitive advantage (Generally)?
How can I make my business successful?
How do growth strategies link to the macro-environment?
Why are 30 day crowdfunding campaigns most successful compared to longer durations such as 60 days?
What is a good book or article that describes how to estimate a target market size?
What would be the future of strategic planning?
Why does someone always talk in business terms? Do they think business created the world?
What is the best long term strategy?
How smart is it for Amazon to spend so much money trying to beat Netflix?
What is a good way to understand client's business needs?
What type of updates can I do to a bowling center to make it a successful business?
Is there a turnaround strategy for Flipkart?
What is the difference between business level strategy and corporate level strategy?
How does marketing strategies change between countries?
Which is the best part-time business for a working person?
What is the smartest business?
What should be the business strategy for new product development in India where IP is involved?
How did you think of a business?
Why do I need to use flyers as ads to be successful in marketing my business?
What are some examples of companies forced to split their business to protect consumer rights?
What are some new products for business in 2017?
How do I grow my namkeen business in a village of Jharkhand?
How do other businesses differentiate between what is new business and what is organic growth?
What are some key business concepts?
How can I make good money quickly?
Are you going to expand your business overseas?
Is speed still a very important business aspect, or are other things now more important?
How can you improve a business, who is already at a big potential?
In which ways can you reward customers for their business?
What can a market leader attack by lower-priced competitors do to respond appropriately to their pricing strategy?
What are some good business strategies?
What is a good quality resource for reading about Business Models?
What has led to Oracle’s recent growth in revenue?
How do you do financial profiling on companies?
What was the fastest online business you made to bring in revenue?
How are companies changing their attitude towards employees of Generation Y today?
What are the strategic ways to beat your lower-priced competitor?
Is there any service that can provide the fax number of any business?
What are the business problems that need IT solutions?
What are the differences between defined benefit plan and investment choice plan?
What is the difference between approach and methodology?
How is MyFlightTrip's business strategy different from that of MakeMyTrip/Cleartrip/Yatra?
What are some of the best business strategies followed by any business?
How could I start a new business from old things?
What's the right business strategy, when our new technology can fit several different types of business? Should we only focus on one or should we try more?
What does a business strategist do?
Why it is difficult for a company of one strategic group to change to a different strategic group?
Why doesn’t education use innovation to grow like a successful business?
How do the e-commerce companies deal with the defective products returned to them? How much loss do they incur for the same?
What does a managed funds company inherit a DAO business model?
What is a good visual representation of a platform business model?
What are the A-Zs of a business model?
What are the best objective ways to determine the quality of a business?
What is a strategic group?
What analysis has been done on common patterns in business strategy?
Which service should I choose to register my business?
Where I can learn about corporate strategy and planning?
How can I propose a business strategy?
What product decisions do companies with a business model based on a per seat license make in order to prevent account sharing?
What are some of the youngest successful businesses?
What are some lean experiments to test a business model?
Do you think empathy is a competitive advantage in the business world?
How are customers needs and competitive advantage related?
What are the best online courses for Strategic management?
What are the basic strategy in construction and hardware retailer business?
What are some easy yet effective ways to value a private business?
Can I grow my business with Instagram?
What are the solutions of e-businesses against the threats?
What are some strategies one can implement to a business that relies heavily on importing consumer goods? Manufacturing products ourselves is a no-go!
What do companies really do when the corporate tax rate goes down?
Which is the best book to study mergers and acquisitions covering all concepts?
What are file management strategies used by corporates?
Has the interest of business to interfere with community development models from emerging in the belly of the beast become a government interest?
In a country like India which is developing, what are some revolutionary ideas or business plans that can make a great impact?
What is the general strategy for customers not only in business but works for any customers in different businesses?
What are some tools or methods on how to assess the market profile of a company?
Should I pursue an advanced degree or start my own e-Commerce business?
What are examples of business requirements?
What is the business model for Animation Studios that create Custom Ads?
I have 16 hours a day, yearly to myself. I need to execute my business ideas into reality. Where can I find delegation resources?
According to Porter’s 5 forces, what are the best competitive strategies for small businesses?
What are the best growing strategies for my business?
What should be kept in mind when denying a customer's request?
What did you do that changed your business?
What does it take for a business to succeed?
How do you dismantle a team's strategy?
What are some examples of different companies, within the same industry, that apply the same strategies but get opposite responses from the public?
Should I write about myself and my motivation in a business plan?
What are some of the best Instagram strategies for businesses?
Why are most managers rewarded for increase in sales rather than increased profits of a business?
How do I make a full turnaround strategy for a failed company?
What is the best sales strategy one can suggest to liquidate slow-moving products?
How are the five stages of strategic management process described?
What are your thoughts on a pay by the minute business model for restaurants?
What strategy will Quora use to develop its ad business?
What are the best ways to eliminate your competitor?
Where can I get updated business strategies?
What is the business strategy for Unilever?
How do people find the first 100 genuine clients for their new business firm?
How can Iriscall Business Products help in the growth of businesses?
Are the increasingly dramatic requests for donations a sign that Wikipedia is struggling to raise money?
Will Airbnb go public?
Is filling packets of Kurkure (corn puffs) and other snacks with air, a business strategy?
Is it true that a salesperson makes the worst CEO?
How can I evaluate the costs of entering a new market?
What is the next generation operating model esp. in the digital world?
Can David S. Rose share with us his sample of a summarised/unsummarised business plan and proposal templates?
How do Snapchat's employees feel about Evan Spiegel's first earnings call and its aftermath?
How do I sustain the viability of a business plan?
What are sales strategies and market strategies for manufacturing/service in a turnaround business?
What can I do to improve my e-commerce candle business?
Where can I find a list of some simple business models?
With all of the popular online business models today, which model have you found to be the most profitable and easiest to implement?
Can we say that 4P's are the main important participant of business?
What's the solution and strategy?
Where do I get investors for my managed fund?
What book(s) would you recommend on how to create demand?
What are business competitive disadvantages?
What ethical business practice has taken you by surprise?
How do I start a regional airline?
What are the qualities of a successful business?
What strategies and sales pitches do people use to take advantage of you in business?
How does a business get a competitive advantage in an over capacity industry like print?
What are some simple but effective way to start a business?
What are strategic decisions that are different from other kinds of decisions?
Why do people flock to Apple products when they release the same thing?
How can I create or start an iPhone case/cover business model?
How can I improve on my business language?
How has Alibaba continued to grow?
What is a decision making model in business?
How has jury law helped businesses grow in America?
What is operation strategy?
What is the difference between a strategic partnership and an alliance in the case of foreign relations?
Wouldn't Facebook have strong advantages if they entered into competition against Uber, Thankeyou and Airbnb?
Which product has more sales after release of top rated movie (ex. clothes, bags, shoes)?
Do you think a company should actively lobby the government in order to obtain competitive advantages?
What would be the best or most successful business to create with little funds?
What are the best online business strategies should deployed?
Where can I get help with setting up a new tech support business?
What is the way of investing of Robert Kiyosaki?
What is some advice or strategies for pricing a new project that includes new services?
What's the best way to build my Isagenix Business?
What's something you know now that you wish you knew when you first started your business?
At what stage of a business is it best to invest in "the brand"?
What are the demonstrable relationships between strategic planning for libraries and outcomes?
What are some research topics in strategic alliances?
How can a Rheem HVAC distributor help you grow your business?
Who would be the best buyer for Abercrombie & Fitch?
How do you increase business revenues?
What is the meaning of Henry Ford’s quote, "Stop advertising to save money is like stopping your watch to save the time"?
How do consultants and agents charge foreign companies to enter their products in a domestic market?
What is the difference in economics between cloud computing today and mainframe computing and time-sharing decades ago?
How best can a firm/complete sustain its competitive advantage?
What famous companies pivoted from their original business?
In what way does an entrepreneurial vision affect the company's strategic plan?
What costs are associated with expanding to a new country?
Is there a framework for business-IT alignment?
How do I write a business plan for a startup which doesn't have a company yet?
A huge business competitor just told me, "help me build what you've built in your business, or I'll just copy it". What should I do?
What will the enterprise strategic management be in the future, and how will it work?
What strategy did Mini use to do business in India?
When we build a successful business, the question arises in our minds: how do I value my business?
How could LinkedIn be disrupted?
How can Amazon be put out of business?
How many failed businesses do business owners have before building a successful business?
What are the tips to improve a VoIP business?
Which is a good academic course which can teach me new business strategies and how to make my business big?
Which rules have you set in business, which occasionally you need to point out or enforce when dealing with business partners and/or friendly clients?
I have $50,000 that I would like to invest in starting a new business. What are some good business ideas that might require this type of investment?
What is the role of a business consultant in India?
What is the best way to explain the term "strategic decision making"?
Which is a profitable business?
How can you find new rich clients?
What is Bob Volman's sculpting strategy?
Is it considered greedy to want to expand your business to increase profits?
After the success of Pro Kabbadi, how much money does a class 1 player make per season? What’s the business model?
How is business analysis done in Agile?
What are some books about methods/models to support business strategy?
How do I write and organize a business plan?
What is the best advice for sales?
What is Strategic Public Relations?
What is a retail strategy?
What are some potential barriers to Tesco PLC's sustainability?
What are business models to monetize quality seals?
What does any business consist of?
How can I succeed in business and then die?
What is foxdray.com? How does it help business?
Can an individual's goodwill be created in a manufacturing business to ensure that the IMP workers will come with me in the case of a split in the family business?
What is the business plan of RJIL?
Why is Apple so profitable compared to its competitors?
What should Whole Foods do to revitalize growth and profitability?
How much would it cost to have the copy and design for a sponsor package created? The actual package will be sold for $3k each.
What's a business that could be significantly improved on?
How can I start making e-commerce website step by step guidance?
How do I bring in more business?
Do you have a personal mission statement?
What business investment costs less but has high profits?
What are some startups in 2017 with innovative business models?
How can a mobile app help your business to grow?
How can I vet a market intelligence data provider (Slice, etc.) to check that data is accurate before paying for services (market share vs. competitors)?
What are some strategies for collaborating with busy coworkers?
How important are Prime memberships to Amazon’s success?
What is a list of type of businesses and business models?
Can a business grow ethically?
I opened a business with family. It's facing various issues including cash flow problems, feuding, lack of direction & leadership. What can I do?
How is my business model?http://danchanmagic.com/investors_needed.html
How does horizontal growth differ from vertical growth as a corporate strategy, from concentric diversification?
How does the reduction of the price of an ingredient that a business uses to create the product help the business to break even?
How can a bank gain competitive advantage?
What are the companies that successfully expanded regionally? What is the replication adopted by those firms in surviving similarities in the market?
What goes into a marketing plan for a company to grow beyond $10M ARR?
What are the four basic global operations strategies?
What are the best industries for business this year?
How do you know "when" to value a business?
What competitive advantage does Nigeria have over the rest of the world?
What do you look for when you are making an offer to purchase a business? How do you formulate your best business purchases?
Is it all right to have partners in business (even if you think you can do all alone)?
What are the advantages of competitive-based pricing?
How do I ask a strategic partner for funding?
Does posting free classifieds online help a business grow?
What should be included in a proper business plan?
What strategic management tools are used to compare competition of companies based on core product features?
What does a new business struggle with the most when organizing their email marketing strategy?
How can I grow my website business?
What's a great business strategy for an app that helps people find workout partners and gyms?
How does the social environment play a central role in decision-making regarding business strategies?
How do I write a business model for a new app?
What does Porter's Five Forces Model determine?
What makes strategic sourcing strategic?
What is a strategic management process?
If I'm looking to become an officer, what should I do so that I can learn to think more tactically or strategically? What books would you recommend, for example?
How do you get potential clients to understand your worth?
Which business will bring success soon?
How can a legal translation help you expand your business globally?
What was the Russian doll technique that Gurdon Wattles used in his business?
What is a good example of the deathground strategy in the corporate world?
How long should a startup’s business plan be?
How is honour a tool to a successful business?
How should a startup calculate CAC for the business plan? Should it be when they have a prototype?
What is Uber communication strategy?
What are the best online business opportunities strategies?
I'm considering starting a film scoring, music for video, soundtrack business. What would be a competitive fee structure?
Has Apple Inc. been engaged in any mergers and acquisitions?
What are business development strategies?
How do I write a business plan without financial info?
Are the corporate directives of maximizing shareholder value and delivery of quality goods or services symbiotic or antithetical/antagonistic?
What is/was your sustainable competitive advantage in trading?
What is the strong point of WaWa in their business?
How do I get new clients for a homecare company?
Were the reasons people choose Redbox over other cheaper online streaming services accounted for in its business model, or was it a lucky chance?
What’s your best advice for new bloggers who have just entered the online marketing world?
How old should a business be to be considered as a sustainable business?
How do I perform an ownership test in corporate strategy?
How do I implement a new idea for a business, with steps?
How will Facebook’s marketplace impact Craigslist and eBay's growth?
What strategies can be applied to build a successful product?
What competitive advantage of a business would you favor over the others, and why?
What are the best executive business strategy courses?
What are the best business ideas for Bhubaneswar?
How is wisdom a tool for a successful business?
What are your long term targets for the Pan-Canadian AI strategy?
How do I create a business plan as a multipotentialite?
How can an Indian expand his business overseas?
Which type of marketing strategy is applicable for business starters?
Has posting to Quora helped you grow your business/career?
What new or unique things according to modern trends can help to grow a business?
What are business growth strategies?
What are some business ideas for me?
What should I do to grow my business goodwill?
Should we launch our mass market service first, or second?
What is difference between "Public relations" and "Strategic/corporate Communication"?
How do you improve your business model?
Can we use Acronyms in business mails?
Do you HAVE to raise venture capital to build a large company and a big fortune?
What e-business strategies can a B2B commodity trading business adopt other than having a website?
What is the break-even point for a cinema business?
Do speculators cause trends in business?
Can I study many strategically useful courses from one strategic management book?
What is the business model for Grofers and how do they manage billings?
What are the companies that used the combination strategy as a corporate strategy?
What is the mission statement of Frankfurt School?
When should an analysis create clarity or introduce complexity?
Will Actifio go public?
What are some interesting cases of corporates winning over their competitors?
What is the difference between corporate combinations and mergers and Acquisitions?
Why is customer financing, revenue or equity great news?
Has anyone proposed a company strategy that included one’s own dismissal?
How can I verify that my business model is successful?
What are the key to succeed in business?
Generally speaking, What is the difference between a good business and a bad business?
Is an open source project more innovative when a company or an organisation contributes to it?
What should be an ideal IT strategy for an industrial company in the XXI century?
Is there a way we can pursue people in general to pay us 1 dollar without begging or giving false promises or defining a charity cause?
What are examples of business level strategies in organizations?
Is expanding businesses with loans a good approach?
Did Global Garner’s strategy work out in India?
If a man offered unlimited capital to anyone who brought forth the best business plan, what business plan would you give?
How many mergers and acquisitions took place in 2016?
Which is the best business model?
What is meant by strategic planning?
How can I structure my knowledge and turn it into a business?
What strategies can be used in making business communication easy to use?
What are your experiences and strategies in closing large business deals and contracts?
What do SMBs want from their technology in order to grow their businesses? What is the number one thing they continually ask their IT person that they just can't seem to deliver on?
How can I make the best business plan?
Which CEO of a major technological company do you find has the best strategy about the future and why?
What factors are considered by a strategy consultant before commencing a merger and acquisition?
How do you organize and begin to plan a business idea?
How do you manage a cafe?
How sustainable is Facebook's business model?
What is Bloomberg’s competitive advantage?
How do I expand my web design business?
What comes first, a business model or strategy?
Which strategy is more important when building a global audience?
How does a giant like Amazon formulate its corporate strategy?
Do all of the five forces have the same impact in a service industry as they might in manufacturing?
How can a country use strategic evaluation methods to best shape its strategic conduct to manage global security concerns?
How do I create my own business just like Khan academy?
What kind of insights will help with the business model/market validation?
How do I enhance my business strategies with the help of mobile app?
What are some good examples of real team works that have achieved a magnificence result?
What's defensible about your business or product?
What is Chandler's organization strategy?
What are the elements of a startup business plan?
In which state/city should I launch my insulated bottle business (with custom engraving options)?
What is a strategic plan?
Why do responsible corporations have to be sustainable?
What's the shrewdest (astute) entry into a foreign market you've ever seen?
Fulfillment By Amazon: What is the best way to assess competitor saturation?
What is the best business model for a business directory website?
How do you know if what you're doing to grow your business is enough?
What are some of the best business decisions taken that were a win-win for every party involved?
What is the current American strategy?
How is the business model and sustainability of Wikipedia doing so far? Can you foresee a significant change in that in the near future?
Can the Delhi airport and the cebu airport - phillipines be compared in any of the business terms?
What are the most common monetization strategies for InsurTech?
Does Gordon Miller see any glaring flaws in our business plan?
Why is trust important in a business?
Do you think the business value of these strategic HRM applications depends on the type of business a company is in?
What is the meaning of an audience development strategy?
What is the business model of KD Campus? How do they manage to rent numerous buildings? What is their strategy?
How do I set performance standards for my business?
How can I create a business without clients?
What is the best steal of my competitor’s customers based off their client list, which they don't know I have?
What is the best business model according to Gordon Miler?
What is the difference between “plan what it is in business to do” and “plan what to do”?
I want to open a departmental store in the outskirts of a city. Does it make business sense?
What would happen if electricity were practically free?
What do I do after the validation of my business tactics?
Do people buy import/trading businesses? If yes, when would it make sense to buy such a business?
What is the strategic option that takes a business away from its existing products and markets?
What is consistently the one thing that ensures a successful business?
How can an incumbent company disrupt their own business and industry using a platform model/product?
What factors do you consider when a business enters a new market?
What do you do between cases at McKinsey & Company?
What is the critical part of a successful business plan for travel agents?
What are some tips to have a successful business partnership?
How does a business expand its team and operations, in order to answer demand?
If a product is illegal in your home state, can you still sell it online if you only offer it in states where it is legal?
What is strategic thinking? How do management see this skill?
What makes your product special and different from your competitors?
What are the different types of strategic change?
What strategy should workers on a zero-hour contract adopt to outsmart the businesses who are exploiting them?
Disruptive forces, how do they affect the strategic position and development of companies, and what are the consequences for traditional strategic models?
In what ways can a rural American community transform itself to best attract new business and industry?
Would offering discounts/a free service be incentive enough to get potential customers to switch from my competitors and try my services instead?
Why don't casinos have clocks or windows?
How does Google manage its spinoffs?
What is better for business success?
What could be a business's long-term objectives?
Product or business model, which should you focus on first?
When will Uber or Lyft have an IPO?
Being an "execution business", how important are branding and emotional aspects to Gemvara's continued success?
Should I let my competitor invest in my company?
How do eBay and Amazon compete?
What are some motivations for businesses to grow?
How does a domestic business compare with an international business? Which one is more difficult, and why?
What are the list of business models for an online business?
Does the global garner strategy workout as reality?
What are some strategic evaluation methods and tools that a country can use to shape its strategic conduct to manage global security concerns?
What roles does controlling media content play in Amazon's business model?
What is the operational strategy of TESCO?
What is the best business model for this innovation (https://projects.invisionapp.com/m/share/8PB6J0VN9#/227594617)?
How do you write a business plan for securing a bank loan?
How do I know whether to walk away from a deal to take over another business or not?
How can I improve my business through Fastain.com?
Where can I use my business-product?
What is strategy, governance and operation within organizations and provide business examples?
Which companies are acquiring marketing skills through strategic alliances?
How does merger take place between two companies?
Why did Apple pivot from automobile driving automation to augmented reality in 2016?
What are the best tips to make a good business plan?
How do people view a "free consultation on your business plan with no catch" offering?
What are business strategies and functional strategies of u.s.pizza?
What is your CAC for your business and your marketing strategy?
What are example business models for the business process of re-engineering?
How can I know more about business models?
How do I design short-term business plans and how can I identify flaws in business development?
What is your advice on approaching strategy creation and execution?
What is the reason for strategy?
What is the 3G Capital which orchestrates a string of big deals rocking the food and drink industry?
What is the most important thing in order to start a new business, a strategy and strength or only money?
How does a DME (durable medical equipment) distributor's business model operate in the US?
How can I convince my co-workers that SEO should be part of the business strategy?
What advice you have for someone who will open a restaurant?
Why would successful organisations consider evaluating possible disruption strategies in their current successful operating models?
How do I drive sales to my business?
What are some examples of smart billboard advertising?
What are the most effective business development activities for boutique strategy consultants that actually produce results?
What will usually be the business model of a multiplex cinema?
What is the most important section of a good business plan and, anything else you'd recommend to our team about how to write a great one?
What are some success strategies for TESCO and why?
How do you value a business in terms of it's strategy and effeciency?
What all must be considered while making a business plan for a restaurant?
Is there any strategic plan with the govt to meet the increasing demands in the city?
Is app building the main way young people are becoming millionaires today?
What are some non-glamorous businesses that traditionally have strong cash returns?
Can HR be a source of competitive advantage?
What are the basic competitive strategies in business?
What are some deal killer risks that if left unexamined can kill a startup business?
Why sameness isn't a strategy but a recipe for mediocrity?
Does Heinz's $143 billion proposed acquisition of Unilever make strategic sense?
How can one setup business successfully?
What is the main role of strategic information services (DIA)?
How can I write a business plan for a cutting salon?
How can women succeed in business?
How internal and eternal environments matters to businesses?
What's the best investment plan for 100k with the ability to start-up in any country (English speaking)?
What is the company formation business model?
What is the best literature for managing a multinational on all relevant aspects?
What is the strategy behind Hologic's success in the US market?
How come that from some contacts both sides can benefit?
Can I use LearnPress for my business?
What would be the best exit plan for any business in general?
What is the difference between internal and external growth strategies?
Was Babur a great strategist?
What is the difference between "inside-out" and "outside-in" strategies in HR?
What are your best tips to improve user onboarding for SaaS?
What are the reasons for Adobe’s impressive growth?
What are some examples of companies whose products snatched away a substantial market share from their competitors upon launch?
How do I start a private bus transportation in Andhra Pradesh?
Is HR ever used as a moat or oart of one in corporate strategy?
What are our changes to build a sustainable business?
How can I create a business plan based around a YouTube channel?
Where have you met your best business partners/teammates?
Does Google hire micro-strategy developers?
What does Global Switch do?
What are the various criterias to be considered before expanding your business?
What are some examples of effective strategic loitering you can think of to promote a business?
How should I go about writing a green IT strategy for a business?
What does an Uber strategic partner manager do?
Sub business units?
What is sunset strategy, harvest strategy and concentrated sales?
I have a business of sanitary ware trading which PR agency should I choose to expand my business?
What’s the best way to develop a solid business strategy?
What are the benefits of understanding a business as a system built of inter-related process?
What business strategies can be expanded?
How can you grow your business with media mailing list?
What could Starbucks have done differently to make Starbucks Evenings a success?
What incentive can I give to those that post businesses to my businesses going out of business website?
How do I create business opportinuties?
How do we develop advertising strategies for international business growth?
What are the attributes that determine the pricing strategy for Instacart?
How can you look for companies that are interested in a business partnership in California?
Why is my business losing money?
How do you create a market position that is defensible?
What are the challenges in building a product or service based business compared to a sustainable infrastructure business?
What type of cash flow cycle does an American DME distributor company go through by sourcing its equipment from Asian countries?
How do I improve a restuarant business?
What is a business plan, and what should I include in it?
What's the best way to structure a meeting in order to get the maximum strategic feedback?
How can I expand my carpentry business?
How can I improve my business saloon?
What competitive advantage(s) does Quora have over its competitors such as Zhihu in the long run?
How do I find a business partner to help fund a new franchise?
What are the long term businesses in Australia?
What are the most important elements of business someone should consider when starting out in the world of business and strategies?
How can I increase the visibility and discoverability of my app on the Play Store?
How can I market or help a floral wholesale (B2B) business grow?
What are some strategies used in traditional businesses and e-businesses?
I have PCM but I am not good in any of these subjects. Can you suggest me a good career plan ?
What is unique about pickme.lk taxi app business model and how would you go about making it happen?
Which deceased founders would be most shocked by what their organization has become?
What is the best way for me to study business strategy? Books? Podcasts? Financial modeling/valuation?
What is the best way to gain Business Development experience?
What are Ryanair’s competitive advantages?
How do I conduct a business briefing?
What is the global impact of the headline, “Le Pen follows Trump’s lead with vow to bring the car industry back to France”?
What are some short activities that a busy person can do daily to grow his/her business?
How did you make your business venture specific and unique?
How does SAP add value with regard to Porter's five forces analysis?
What is Amazon's business strategy in Asia?
How can one improve a silver articles business?
What are some dirty business tactics of companies these days?
How does Steam's business model work?
Does the dynamic capabilities view on strategy complement or replace porters five forces view?
Based on a business aspect, has FMLA helped?
Are Alphabet's subsidiary companies LLCs or corporations?
How do you make a fortune with circumstances such as a period of 20 years, low risk, and the capital to start working with is around €400,000-500,000?
What do you do 1st after coming to the conclusion that you run a successful business model and you face the situation that you must scale product now?
What's an example of a business that gave up too soon?
What is your opinion about Rappi business model?
Where can I have a sample of a startup studio business plan?
What are the best mobile solutions for Online Travel agencies?
How do I find any problems in any marketplace? For exemple Healthcare management How can I analyse a marketplace, looking for opportunities?
How do companies shield themselves from competition?
How does the strategy of 'charm offensive' work for a developing economy, while building international relationship with the current superpowers?
What is a basic business strategy?
How do small businesses identify potential partner organizations and form strategic partnerships?
What is the best money making business?
What are 4 crucial components of a business plan?
Why is the market not thrilled with Workday?
What is a dominant strategy?
Would one be able to make a business deal with a company for improving a product of theirs?
Who needs help in strategy planning process?
How does one build a startup with winning competitive advantage?
What are some of the issues to consider in determining whether the Internet would provide your business with a competitive advantage?
Is Saudi Aramco's plan to IPO a good strategic move?
What is the best book to understand future business strategy?
What are some real, actionable, practical and direct tips or hacks on how to get more YouTube subscribers?
What dirty business tactics do you know?
How can a casino set up a Monopoly game with actual money?
What are signs that your company strategy needs modification?
Why has Quartz been successful at monetizing content and covering its costs, while Medium has not?
Who to approach for business requirement?
Which is the best website, forum, platform, etc., to research competitors and find out the competitors of the same business line?
What is the most important part of the whole strategy?
Why is it that ebiz has no business plan on its website?
What are the sales strategy for medical store?
What are some things that you look for in an acceptable business plan?
I opened a site (www.iamrich.co), and I made ~2,500$ on the 3rd day. How can I keep this success?
When would a company intentionally reduce its market share?
In business, how is competitive advantage created?
What type of general business strategy does Samsung’s smartphone business unit employ?
Does Kitkat Japan follow a multi-domestic internationalization strategy? Or is it a transnational strategy?
Is rocketprintandmail.com good? Is it affordable to make massive business letters to send out? They don't list their pricing.
What if you have written a Business Plan and just need our help polishing?
How much of the APM market does New Relic serve?
How do I build a sustainable business?
What insurance plans do I need for a business installing smart home devices?
In the simplest of terms, what is a strategic juncture?
If Heinz consummates its proposed acquisition of Unilever, would it spin off Unilever's non-food businesses?
What are the examples of an operations strategy design?
What is Baidu's business model?
How do automotive manufacturers plan to strategically respond to digital disruption?
What are the main tasks and operations of Controlling and Treasury Departmans in companies?
Do companies share their business strategies?
What parts are essential when writing a business plan?
What is corporate level strategy?
What are the factors that you need to check before hiring a mobile app development company?
I'd like to rename a business to reflect a different strategy than I initially envisioned. What's the best way - new company, DBA, name change?
How can I analyse sector?
What is the best strategy to close business deals?
What comparisons are between e-business plan and a traditional business plan?
How can you make the financial part of a business plan?
How difficult is it to maintain a company in Estonia from abroad?
How do you make a business build itself?
What are the top 5 facts you wish you knew about your customers?
What is meant by a business segment?
What are new business strategies that can be implemented?
How can one efficiently make business connections?
Why is it that a business plan is not a static document?
Are there any successful business models which have been built on Pokemon Go's success?
What employment data does LinkedIn produce? Why doesn't it produce more of it and better promote it, given the potential for publicity?
How should I enter a new market?
What does the Walmart acquisitions of Shoebuy, Moosejaw, Hayneedle and ModCloth say about the company's strategic direction?
How do I negotiate good prices with clothing manufacturers?
Do venture capitalists sometimes invest as angel investors separate from their funds/firm?
What are the best strategy models to use if you want to do a rebranding?
What are the best ways to improve a business' financial stability?
How we can grow our business?
Was it a good strategic decision for Intel to acquire Mobileye?
Is there a strategic framework for user activation?
What decisions can be driven from mortality data for insurance business?
How do you successfully create an online platform for people to showcase their arts and crafts creativity, particularly if you want to make this idea profitable?
Is it possible to grow a service business while reducing its budget?
How can you develop the strategic thinking required for investment banking associate?
What are critical risks and solutions in a business plan?
What is the core business of the Software House company?
What's Microsoft's long term strategy with their Xbox division?
Is there a way I can use Google Analytics without upgrading to a business plan? Right now I'm at a premium plan.
What are some major companies focused on Artificial Intelligence (AI)?
How can I make a business from a product that I patented?
Where can I find some good business plan templates?
What are some of the reasons ICT companies fail?
How do you turnaround a failing small business?
What is a monetization strategy?
What are some strategies for approaching a business owner to purchase their business?
Is it possible to make an app with an Instagram login?
A company will set up and pay for my product if another company supports and promotes the product. The second company is being slow. How do I proceed?
How do I get my trash pick up and demolition business to grow?
Why do some people have excellent foresight and others not?
What is the strategy behind selling a product or an item with low price?
What is the business model of media?
Could Gordon Miller give me some advice on starting my own business?
In order to be able to work together long-term, what are the most important qualities for successful business partners to have?
How do you decide on country risk as part of a business's strategy?
In business, is it better to be the cheap option or the premium option? Does it ultimately matter?
How do you develop and execute a marketing and product development strategy?
What is the business model of zooty and how they work and what percentage is fix with their partners?
"How do you start a succesful business online, with minimal costs", is this a good research question?
For a company that specialises in supporting on-premise databases, what would it need to learn to transition to (and be strategic in) cloud DBs?
What are the marketing policies for a business plan?
What are the activities performed by a business developer daily?
How do I improve a jewllery business (Gold Business) in Indian market?
How can you grow a business with no in-house employees?
What points to consider in making a business presentation?
What do we charge for writing a Business Plan at venture-Care?
How would you develop derivatives as a global strategy?
What are the elements of a strategic marketing report?
What is your review of 7 Powers: The Foundations of Business Strategy by Hamilton Helmer?
How do companies know when and how much to raise prices because of inflation?
What are the steps of successful business development?
I'm interested in learning more about strategy. Which Michael Porter book should I start with?
Some companies have appointed "chief irritants" to challenge old ways of doing business. When is this a good idea?
What is a business plan for an arcade?
What is the reality behind business strategy that counteracts the public perception of the "evil corporation"?
Do you think a startup, partnering with a small competitor, is a good strategy to oust a larger competitor and a current market leader? Or is this collusion?
What are the top selling strategies that only successful salespeople know?
Can the critical success factors of employees at different levels be the same?
How do I develop cafeteria business?
What business strategy did Quora use to outperform Yahoo Answers?
What business plan should I have in mind?
How do I expand my business companions as an 18-year-old teen?
Are strategic decision taken by an individual or a group of people?
What are you struggling most with in your business on the operational side?
What were some of the biggest mistakes made by companies and political factions that put them out of business/ended and could have been avoided?
What would be the best business model to launch an organic skincare company?
What are the steps required to convert passive customers in to promoters?
How can I apply Blue Ocean Strategy to my retail car accessories business?
What are the advantages of exploratory research?
What are the salary for corporate strategy at Bosch?
What is the best pricing strategy for a new product in a new market (with low entry barriers)?
Is it a good strategy to keep generating free stocks by removing your initial investment when the price goes up and accumulating free stocks this way?
What is the biggest hinderence and/or frustrastion for you whilst trying to build for the future?
What key business partners and key business activities would you consider to be ideal for an app business model canvas?
How digital advancements have replaced the traditional ways of doing business and brought about a change I the current business models?
What strategy is driving the franchise business?
Why does Casper's business model work?
Are there any successful business models for a bicycle pay-as-you-go like OFO in India?
Is it possible to have been running a business for five years without a business model or plan?
What are the top technologies at Quora?
What are some examples of strategic failure in business and what can we learn from them?
Do most service businesses not scale as well as businesses that sell products?
What could be the best business model if I wanted to start a business with partial charity & partially commercial format?
What is the best business for a housewife?
What went wrong with LeEco (Mobile handset company) in India?
Do corporations gain any benefit from a unionized workforce?
Is it illegal to consult about black market?
What potential (business development strategy) do you see in a virtual tour platform with 15K tours of private businesses?
What is the difference between a business and a firm?
As the owner of a single-location very popular vada pav and tea shop, what strategies would you use to grow your business?
What is the best strategic planning software for planning & implementation for consultants to use with their clients?
How important are the principles of Machiavellianism in business?
What's your business model?
What are the most important key aspects missing from most online business plans?
What do I do for business?
Why do we need to make a business plan?
How can I expand my business globally?
What is one way you improve the business process?
How can we say about business development in a single sentence?
Investors say ideas are cheap or worthless. Would they have said that if you gave them the idea of Google or the Scrub Daddy prior to their existence?
How do use our business plans?
Does Cimpress have a competitive advantage?
What drives you to patronize a business—product or service?
How do you write a good business plan to get a grant?
Why did Beepi fail?
How can I improve the performance of our front line staff in a luxury business?
What are the ways of teen becoming a millionaire?
What are some creative ways to develop a USP?
What is it like being a strategic negotiator with Google?
You can suggest only one business book. What it would be?
Is a direct sales business (for pet products) suitable for the Brazilian market?
How should I organize my business operations and processes as it grows?
If President Trump's influence increases uncertainty, how do you alter business strategy?
Which countries want to expand their business in Nigeria?
What is the proper structure for business reports?
What is a new recruit to do to build relationships that last with motivated clients and business associates?
What is the most aggressive business model?
What would be Uber's strategy to counter Ola's new in-cab entertainment system-'Ola Play' to retain top end customers?
If I want to know which industries are most likely to have flat organizations, how should I develop the research?
Which is best future strategy with no loss?
What is the business model behind expositions?
How do you determine who gets the biggest cut in revenue?
What is your best strategy for getting face time with potential corporate Clients?
How do I develop KPIs for business development?
What do you think about business integration?
How do I get the vendor to accept the deal?
How did Herschel Backpacks emerge as a dominant backpack brand - taking a big part of the JanSport’s market?
Does leadership directly effect your business? How much should you invest in it?
What is the business model of Patanjali?
Is it possible to move from a vertical organizational structure to a horizontal one? How can I prove it quantitatively?
What does "doing business" in state mean for sales tax?
What degree does one require to become a strategic planner?
On a net basis, do stores at high-end shopping malls compete away each other's profits, or do they help each other by drawing more customers overall?
What is the easiest way for a company to buy my company/invention/idea for a high price?
What is the music industry's business strategy?
How do customers benefit from the growth of travel technology?
What are the most useful applications of facilitation in business?
I have methods for gaining additional clients, what are your best ways of getting new clients?
How can I find chess students? I teach chess.
What is the average profit margin for retail pet supply business?
Should I buy just 3 brands and achieve bulk discount or go for a visually pleasing wide range of brands?
Do you think event planning/execution services are needed for a growing business?
What are the most viable business models for free to use sports website?
What is the post-purchase behavior of a business organization?
In your opinion, what are the best business models?
What are the expanding businesses in Mauritius?
Is WeWork planning an IPO?
How do you work strategically?
How can I improve my business through www.friendizz.com?
What are some good jobs to take while your growing a business?
How can I teach English and make it a business and become successful?
How can I know that my business model is good enough to work?
I have 3 retail locations, how do I build a wholesale distribution arm from the business?
What strategies exist for print publishers to turn around their dwindling businesses?
How do I help my father's optical business to grow?
Who is the strategic architect of Uber?
What are your thoughts about the business model of the startup, Kensho?
How do tech companies differentiate themselves from the competition?
How an organization can achieve competitive advantage through operations?
How important is it to know the product and the industry when you are openning a business?
What should be a business plan for travel startups?
What are the strategies for fashion business importing from manufacturers?
Practically speaking, how deep should one go into competitive intelligence when developing a business plan?
Which business involve mostly strategy and not many trivial/repetitive tasks?
How do I make a Business Plan? What are the factor/parameters I must include for a successful Business Plan to attract investors?
How is commitment important in business?
How important is location to your business' value?
If I've already started to build a company but am failing, does it make sense to go back into the workforce for a corporate company or stay remote?
What are the competitive advantages in e-governance?
How does 123movies.com make profits if they let us watch the latest movies for free?
What is Business objectives?
How do I learn the basics of the software business?
Are there any books that talk about the use of military strategy in business models?
What makes an investment attractive?
What are some of successfull business strategies?
What books will help me grow a business?
How have you become complacent as an entrepreneur and did you find the cause of it?
How would I do business with you if I don't know anything about your business because you keep it quite a secret?
What should the Financial Summary of my Business Plan look like?
What skills are necessary for a successful long term business setup?
How do I develop a business?
What characterises management on strategic, tactic and operational level?
What is the best way to protect your new online business idea?
What is the best strategy against Trump's negotiating style in Art of the Deal?
How can an organization benefit by including HR in their strategic planning?
What are the strategies should be taken by the company to maximise it's wealth?
I need to document all processes, problems and issues inside a company department. How do I do it, and how should this document be named?
How do I retain control of a startup with 3 co-founders with equal equity?
What is your single best tip for a sales presentation?
Which language is best to develop your business empire in world level?
What are some strange, but successful business ideas?
What is the difference between what shareholders vote on and board members vote on? We’re trying to understand some basics in corporate governance.
How do I create a business model for an idea?
Is it rude to ask for business model startup?
What is business integration?
Which is best book for business strategy in Gujarati?
What are some examples of counter-intuitive methods leading to success?
How would I go about capitalizing on 0.01% total sales of certain business models / markets and is it worth my hard work and time?
I own 58% of a public company. For personal reasons I need to sell my entire interest. How can I do this without the share price dropping drastically?
I'm into laundry business. How can I maximize profit?
What is Airbnb’s global communication strategy?
How can I describe my business?
What are some Case study about business strategy?
Considering strategic partnerships, how can you sell yourself as a potential partner in a business?
How can nations and their companies build up their competitive advantage?
What is the most effective marketing strategy for customer loyalty and impulse purchase ?
How do I judge if a business idea has the potential to become successful?
How can I get more clients for my Philadelphia-based web development business?
Can the student clubs/organizations serve as business models?
How can an owner monitor/prevent employees from stealing from him, such as understating the number of customers served, products rented, or sold?
What is strategic planning, explain with an example?
How can I ask Milk Mantra for a business partnership?
What are the effective ways to market a Consulting business?
How do you maintain correlation in business processes?
What are the best strategies in business?
What are 3 pieces of advice every entrepreneur should know?
How can I write a business plan for dummies?
What are the best online and offline tools to generate leads for SMBs working in a B2B model?
How do I hide my company's importing information to avoid competitors or customers know where we buy products from?
What is the potential business value for paper products in the future?
What are the business processes that I can implement to increase productivity in my agency?
Does the Zenefits business model even work?
Why do we need an HR in an organisation? How does it adds to the competitive advantage?
How does email lists boost business revenue?
How can sfe my business and education?
What can we do to improve our trade business?
What is the biggest risk to PolicyGenius's business model?
How should I approach businesses to offer my wellness services (Pilates and Nutrition)?
Where have you seen an organization successfully leverage technology for competitive advantage?
How important is maintaining personal fitness in running a successful business?
What's the difference between operations plans and management plans in business?
If you were to present a business plan, what would it be?
Where can I find business model of companies?
What is paysa.com's business model?
Where can I find strategy execution consulting services?
How do you see analytics driving business strategy in healthcare?
How do you grow your business?
What is the key to ServiceNow's success?
What is the right time to extend the business to the next level?
What are great ideas to revive a fad product for presentation?
What are the marketing secrets of the most successful companies?
Where do I get proper marketing strategy for my business?
Can I still operate my business using my SSN to report my income through the business?
What does the appointment of Tamara Hrivnak to a "music strategy and business development" position at Facebook say about the company's future plans?
What are the strategies to invite my client to my organization?
What's the difference between business model and business strategy?
What is best practice on Lean in HR?
What is the best doctorate/ PhD thesis you have seen in the field of Business Admin specifically strategy?
What is Starbucks vision and mission statement?
What's the difference between a strategic plan an a business plan?
How do I find the best strategy for business?
What are some MakeMyTrip strategies for success?
What is the best way to choose a business service?
What is it like to replace strategic health authorities?
What is ecommerse business plan?
Can I make a business successful in 3 months?
How does the paytym business work?
How do I know my business plan makes sense? This is new to me.
What is a carry and rolldown strategy for fixed income investors?
How much of Amazon’s success is due to Amazon Web Services (AWS)?
What is an effective way to plan content and project releases ahead of time for my company?
How do I run a successful fishery business?
What is the best way to write a business rule documentation?
Process important to the success of a business organization?
How is Google's strategy expressed through the culture of the organization?
How do you write a business plan for an authority niche site?
How do I get low cost labour for my business to help maximise profit?
How important are Porter's forces in business?
What is the future for lead generation (Digital marketing) companies?
What is LEGO's competitive advantage?
What is the number one metric that drives your business?
What's the best way to market a management consulting business?
How is Alphabet growing in non-search areas?
What brilliant business tactics do you know?
Excluding super well-known solutions, what "secret" product or service truly helped your business grow?
How do I get an advantage in business?
What online business models would people suggest for me? Read the description.
What was your biggest Dunning-Kruger effect moment?
As a business manager, what's the biggest difficulty when it comes to managing powerpoints and presentation design?
How can small businesses utilize AI to help grow their business now?
Would strategic planning saved K-Mart from bankruptcy?
Is undercutting ethical?
How can I search out all the suppliers and competitors in my field in New Zealand or Australia?
Why do businesses and corporations hold cash?
How can I make a business plan template for a restaurant?
Why is a marketing plan the most critical part of a business plan these days?
What are top 10 lead B2B generation tools for online marketing?
What are some successful outdoor sales techniques for subscription business?
What is the best way to market a small (i.e., one person) consulting business?
In movies industry how does the producer distributor business model work?
What are some business plan examples?
What is functional strategy?
How do I prepare a product business plan?
How do Shell companies work?
Which business is the best in Odish?
Why are Shetty's and Kamat or Pai so successful in business?
What helped your business grow?
Why do some organizations NOT include their HR Exec in their strategic planning?
What is the best strategy for B2B business to get more leads?
What unique corporate responsibilities should companies in the healthcare/medical industry fulfill when making business decisions?
How do I expand my online business locally?
What strategy will comapny makes bigger?
How outsourcing online data entry gives your business that competitive edge?
How do I grow a business from one man to corporate? Is there any methodology behind it?
What are some examples of successful SMB partnerships? Lots of business development deals look great on paper ("synergy"), but don't produce results.
What are the strategies of successful e-commerce businesses?
What are the types of global strategy?
What are some clever ways to keep the number one task number one in a chaotic business environment?
Why do so many people think that starting and running a successful business is like following a simple recipe?
What are the effective channels for the England enterprises to expand the business in China?
How digital marketing will be in 2017?
How can business-community partnerships benefit each partner?
What are some best practices when outsourcing business development and sales?
What are the benefits of identifying tribes in a business?
What is the best business development process in India?
Should we include product development cost in CAC for SaaS business?
How do you calculate a client's retention rate?
Do you enjoy your job in strategic planning or strategic business development?
Does a business plan have to be for a new company?
What are your success principles for business and wealth making?
What is a way to grow and use Instagram as a business?
Should organizations include HR in strategic planning? Why or Why not?
If J.Crew files for bankruptcy, what is the implication of its transfer of its intellectual property to a separate Cayman Islands company?
Which technology trends are most destructive?
How do you form strategic defense plans?
Do CMOs make mostly strategic or operational decisions?
What is the best online resource to design a business plan?
How is it that there is a strong link between a company's strategy and its structure?
What strategies should be implemented immediately after a product launch?
What is an example of retrenchment strategy?
How can I generate leads for digital marketing company?
What is Kimberly Clark's mission statement?
What reasons are there for business owners to sell profitable businesses?
How does nash equilibrium apply to business strategy?
How do mergers and acquisitions work across different countries?
What questions would you ask the owner of a successful small business you are considering purchasing?
Why does Google give each of its product for free? What is their business model?
What are the easiest business to scale?
What are the key elements of a mission statement?
What are some of history's greatest stories of getting zuckerberged?
Is it possible to be a business success without any mentorship?
How can we improve our business report?
What are the best practices to steer a company without a strategic plan or some sort of a documented strategy, and still be successful?
What is the business development plan?
What is the effect of review management software on businesses?
What strategies have you already tried to implement to improve your remote team? What frustrations did you have with these strategies?
Is Sprint's acquisition of 33% of Tidal a good strategic move?
Which companies and apps have benefited from the Delete Uber campaign? Can they gain a solid competitive advantage?
Who provides the best business planning service strategy in Valencia, CA?
What is the best way to prepare for widespread job losses due to automation?
What is the porter 5 forces of vestas?
How do I generate qualified leads for a digital marketing agency?
What are the best ways to generate B2B leads on a low budget?
How can I bring business to our business?
What principles or structure do you find essential to map your journey for financial success?
PECOTA just put out their latest MLB projections. How do they stay in business being wrong so often?
What is the smartest way to sell enterprise SaaS to large companies?
Is there a specific strategy for increasing the adoption of online education platforms in India, and is there a different strategy for each region/country?
What is the best business model for charity fund?
What is the best sales strategy for a new company with a few people?
How can professional advertisement help a business grow?
What would you do to improve this business idea to make it successful and scalable?
How do I move from product marketing to business/corporate strategy?
Would you value and use a strategy formulation and planning framework that is only 15pages long, easy to use and based on best practices?
What is the difference between using long term and short term loans for a business?
What Business an undergraduate should start?
What are some books that contain business strategy case studies?
What are the steps to do a PhD in corporate strategy in India?
What is the Cost of Big Data Hadoop Training in Bangalore?
How is your business scalable?
What are some business tactics I can learn from Zara?
What are some ways to create a sustainable business?
How can I improve my moving business in Arlington?
How is the strategic management process explained?
How do I make my business more efficient? (B2B/B2C/$20mm revenue)
Can a partnership in an enterprise based on Barter work?
What are the best ways for B2B Lead Generation?
Do you have any simple business plan templates for a website?
What is the good business plan for beginners in Hyderabad?
In order to better understand Jio’s current strategy, which sources would you tap into so that you can counter their strategy with your own?
What is sasikala's next strategic move?
How do I have a successful business while being in the military?
Are you a game changer? What have you achieved, and what are you planning to do next?
What is the way to expand the business, just have opened?
What are the best possible ways to generate B2B leads for an app developing company with limited monetary resources – cost-effective?
How can you expand a business of stones to export?
How can visualizing be effective for a business model?
What is Amazon studios revenue model?
What's the real reason J.Crew is suing its lenders?
How do I employ a suitable person for start-up?
What strategy books are as equally impressive as Competition Demystified?
What is the best business model of Ecommerce?
Agree or disagree? In regards to business strategy, the most important tactic is to position the business in the surrounding market environment?
Who are best business tycoons ever?
How can I develop my construction company in Finland? What is the best business strategy I should use?
Is there a company that focuses on strategy for the video game industry?
Is there business plan template for new chemical manufacturing plant?
Is business development a new part of business?
I’m opening an indoor soccer facility, how do I bring the first customers? Should I make the field rental free the first month?
What are the tips and tricks for a new Enterprise architect with a technical (programming) background?
Which is a solutions-ready multifunctional for growing businesses and workgroups?
How do you evaluate business development efforts?
How do I expand my consulting business in Indonesia?
How do I to start a handmade products business?
When NFL or NCAA football coaches are planning their strategy for a game, do they set targets for the number of points they want to score?
What are the differences between merger and acquisition in tabular forms?
Why did J.Crew try to move its intellectual property and brand to a different company if it was clear that lenders would not allow it?
What's the revenue model of payment banks?
What legally has to be done when selling a business for cash?
What is your foolproof way for signing strategic partnerships and what are some strategic partnerships for Canva?
How do you approach your potential clients?
How MBA can help me to grow my business?
What are the benefits of strategic change?
What questions do I ask suppliers before the first order?
What is IT strategy and tranformation?
Is the “venture elite” list of potential future IPOs by Bonner and Partners legit?
What are some awareness-raising strategies for a new product or service?
What item has the largest markup due to its brand name?
What is a good website to get news stories on strategy?
Why don't companies scale down very well?
What are the best turnaround strategies?
Should the founder demand their salary as part of business plan while trying to get funding?
What does Twitter need to do to get market cap above $100B?
When does innovation pulls down a company rather than contributing to growth?
Do VCs use interim managers to help poorly performing portfolio companies improve?
What can I do everyday to develop strategic thinking?
Can you suggest a strategic plan to solve UCEED?
When will things turn around in Venezuela?
What are concrete examples of small-mid businesses competitive advantage?
What are some examples of strategic decision making?
A product 'X' has 100% demand in South India and 100% supply from North. What strategy can we take to achieve a higher profit margin per unit sold?
What retailers want from fashion wholesalers / manufacturers when buying from them?
How do I find business for sale?
What are some business examples where adding a "donate now" button to the website proved a huge success?
What does Intel's mobile business consist of today and going forward?
How can I get a business premises in airport?
How does Uber's pricing model work?
How can I make it easy for a client to pay me via Bitcoin instead of traditional payment channels (credit/debit cards)?
How do you counter the pente strategy?
Writing a business plan, how do I estimate the customer base of my competitors?
What is Bernard Arnault business strategy?
How do Engineering design firms earn?
How do I compete with a company that has unlimited capital and I don't?
How can a company/business survive or/and grow at 9%-11% gross margins?
Do you know any good books containing good case studies in strategy (Business or otherwise)?
What are your personal skills that you highly value, and know that the average person doesn’t possess?
Which is the best strategy for Round Blue 1 in Blue Ocean strategy simulation?
What are the limitations of business strategy?
What are some good books about business models?
How do you sustain a dot-com startup that everyone needs but that does not have a business model?
Why strategic communication planning is important for business?
What's the critical success factor of Amazon and why is it one of the most successful business model?
What are best business for production in India for youths?
Does Alexa affect Amazon’s stock price?
What are the strategies behind IT company interviews?
Why is it that Samsung SDS cannot expand its business outside of other Samsung affiliate businesses?
What do I need to make a good business plan?
Other than M&A, what are some examples of strategic actions that corporations take?
What was your greatest business hack?
Is there a habit of kidnapping or assassinating business competitors at the Fortune 500 level?
What is a shared workspace business model?
What are business tactics?
What's a good way to understand a firm's strategy?
What percentage of my takeaway business sales should go to pay?
What should I do, if my company have not good plan and implementation strategy?
Could you describe a problem your business possess?
Is Trello a good acquisition for Atlassian? Does it make strategic sense?
Is strategic planning still relevant in industries that change rapidly?
How much should I charge to build a business for someone else?
What is actually meant by 'learning business'?
What are the three major mistakes made by travel companies that harness their business growth?
What are examples of companies and industries that would benefit from more competition?
How do I write a professional business plan prototype of a website like upwork.com and freelance.com?
What book should I read to start a sucessful business as a teen?
What are some non-tech business ideas you don't mind sharing?
What is your service company strategy in event of a WTO Brexit?
How can an online store have so many product lines? How can they physically hold so many items in stock?
Can one business be a cover up for a conglomerate’s investment strategies and activities?
What's the point of buying a dying company instead of creating one?
How do I create synergy in the Capsim simulation?
How can I have a successful interpretation business?
What are some good books with business strategy case studies?
Will Medium find a business model?
What is the best method to find a really great marketing person for a metal manufacturing company?
How can you compete with the big import businesses of product X in your country?
What are the top 3 dumbest moves you've ever made in your business?
What are the Porter''s Five Forces of industry model?
How can you create profitable results for Internet-based clients?
Do you think the concept of dynamic warehousing will be successful in India?
Which are the most useless imports by the Indians?
What is the difference between Advertising and PR (Public relations)?
How is hydraulic hose making business?
Who are the best freelance digital marketing strategists?
What are some good business models for event sharing apps?
In your opinion, what is the best combination for a successful business partnership?
What job should I get if I want to be rich?
Can a CPA be a business adviser or do they just crunch the numbers?
What makes a business model unusual and unique?
Is IT aligned with business strategies and priorities?
Do profits take care of themselves?
What are the reasons behind Uber's $800 million loss in the third quarter of 2016?
How do I make a correct business model for my business If I will not sell products?
What strategy should I follow to be successful with Amway?
What would be a great strategy to conquer a geographical niche market very fast?
What is the difference between planning & strategizing?
How do I make a business strategy sheet?
What is your main concern about Chinese factories?
Will Apple manage to reach its internal targets in 2017? Why/why not?
Is it fine to give more then 50% of the shares to someone else who is willing to put money and resources into business and save it from failing?
How can a restaraunt or bakery be a successful business nationwide?
Is there any payroll company looking to sell their business or do a merger acquisition?
Any good books on business operations and structure?
Has anyone ever tried starting a business with app like Shipizy?
How would you market your product/service?
Is a grocery delivery service profitable?
How can I find customers of my competitor businesses?
What is the different strategy between qnap and synology?
What is Thumbtack's sustainable competitive advantage?
Using the RBV Barney theory, what important roles do key stakeholders play to maximize an organization's strategic positioning?
What are global business strategies?
Where can I find a business plan template to assist me in entering a new market as a B2B business?
Where can I find a step by step business plan?
What are the best business opportunities in Bangladesh?
How does Apple promote their products? What strategies were used?
What steps should I take to get myself into strategic planning career?
How do businesses come up with their business names?
What is a solution to save a company that has problems like this?
What was Purple Squirrel's business model and why did it fail?
Is making a business strategy inevitable to bear the expenses of a person’s family?
How have you implemented the Blue Ocean strategy in your personal/professional lives?
I want to start a bridalwear business. Where should I find my manufacturer?
What is the best way to start a business/company as one person?
What are some tips to writing an outstanding business plan?
What are the major aspects of mCommerce app for travel business?
What is Tripadvisor's competitive advantage?
I started a successful business and hate the work what should I do?
What are some examples of business machines and equipment?
How can I make 10k this month?
How can I satisfy my customers’ needs without making a loss?
What are best and worst industries to start a business in? Is there any rating?
What are some long term strategy in the military?
How do I make a great sales presentation?
What is the best business to do in Cameron?
How can I write a one-page Internet startup business plan?
Which Desktop PC shoupd we use in small outsourcing business mainly for Data Entry works?
Can I use my CST number in Odisha to set up a business in another state?
How can a business be simple and have good or strong competitive advantage?
Would I need a graphic design portfolio to start a graphic design business?
What is meant by business?
If you put $1,000,000 into a low-cost business plan/idea, would that business have a high shot of being a success and making profits?
What business is the best?
Have you ever prepared a business plan that’s suitable for doing business in the USA with a minimum of 10 employees?
How can you implement a profitable Internet-based client prospecting strategy?
What would qualify as strategic or intelligent approaches for moving up (towards management) once in an organization? Is finesse or blunt force best?
Why doesn't YouTube provide a category filter?
Which $1+ billion M&A transactions in 2016 are mostly likely to have been mistakes for the buyer?
What are some business model where the client is given a product freely because it encourages him to buy another product?
Does Google always want to get into every business?
What business development frameworks or structures do you use in building strategic partnerships or finding new streams of revenue?
Are there VC shops that use a contrarian strategy?
PMO best practices: Do you have a simple way to ensure project activity is in synch with business priorities and strategic objectives?
What is 21.com's business model?
What is the pente strategy about?
What are the business strategies for attracting more customers for laundry business?
How can you create a strategic plan to generate more Internet-based "opportunity seeker" leads?
I am a consultant and earn a modest income from clients worldwide. Where is the best country to incorporate my business and hold a bank account?
What are factors that contribute to a strong platform network effects?
Is Baidu’s move to start an AR lab to drive revenue through AR marketing a strategically smart move? Why/why not?
What are some examples of culturally compatible HR strategies?
What are some key factors you look at when determining your business address?
How do I write a business plan for a farm?
In your own words, how would you define Strategic Management?
Is it strategically prudent for highly successful people to withhold their most insight answers on forums such as Quora?
What is the most important thing for starting a new business?
What are the most successful businesses but also the filthiest nowadays?
Is there room for growth/investment in the concierge, celebrity swag business?
When an angel investor releases funds in installments, how is the equity allotted to him?
What makes Google's Pixel phones a good business strategy and what does not?
Can profitability be a competitive advantage?
What are the best strategies to create a successful sales agency?
How does synology benefit the business user?
What percentage of revenue should a tech startup use for payroll?
In my spare time, I'm really digging into body language, public speaking, human psychology etc. Is it useful to have knowledge about these topics?
How are interviews at Tata Strategic Management like for an analyst?
Which are the most successful business plan?
What successful business can I start with 100,000?
What adaptations should one consider when internationalising a business?
Does a digital marketplace consisting of 15,000 sellers and 250 buyers posses strong enough network effects to deter competition?
Would an interactive sales approach change the face of modern business?
How much is the percentage of each instruments that banks invest their money to gain profit?
How important is the "industry Engagement" for a startup engineering group?
What unpopular opinions do you have about business?
How does the business model of sukoon.com.pk work? Do they hire the technicians or do they outsource it?
Can someone help me draft a business plan for my startup?
How does one legally avoid paying United States corporate tax on profits obtained in the United States?
How do I create my prospection and sales strategy and process?
Which is the easiest country to incorporate and get bank account? (for foreigners)
Are there any truly successful startups who used the lean startup methodology?
What are some causes of expansion in a business?
What are the advantages found in a mission statement?
Is there a Voice First device like Alexa for children?
Which business strategy does Hubspot use to achieve rapid increase? Can you guys give me their product history and development step?
What are some strategic maneuvers?
How long the strategy of a non-profit organization has to be (in years) in order to consider it as a long-term strategy?
I wish to open a chain stores and compete with online retailers. What are the technical challenges?
I have a startup idea in an unregulated market, should I first register the company or find a co founder?
How do I recover loosing business successfully?
What are the best books about business strategy that you can recommend?
How does one write a business plans and what are some examples of some written business plan?
How is lambda calculus used in business intelligence systems?
Which event of 2016 will impact the Business world the most in long term?
What is the best business strategy to break even as soon as possible?
What is the best strategy to make business?
How do I hire a consultant who can prepare a business plan for doing business in the USA?
How do I find the best travel software company in India?
How do companies escape competition?
How do I get people to notice me, not my sockpuppet?
How can I initialize my on-page strategy?
What are turnaround documents and what are some examples?
How we can make a proper business plan for online garments store?
I already have a small business of jewellery. Is there any government scheme that I can avail for the growth of my business?
Whose role is it to align the IT/Process landscape of a company with their business strategy?
How can I present a VW campaign for the American market to launch the strategic redirection (market communication) of the company after Dieselgate?
Will it be a sound business practice for grocery stores to freeze fresh meat right before they expire?
What business or investment can be done with £15000?
What is the dynamics of competitive strategy?
Which is the best business to do in Switzerland?
Do we have any small data analysis tools and techniques?
What should I do to open my own business?
What is the best business to gain volume of clients?
Is there a difference between a sales strategy and a go-to-market strategy?
What is best way doing business?
What is the likelihood that Boom (supersonic passenger jet) will go into production and deliver the results it's promising?
What are some strategic play?
How do I find the strategic goals of a Business organization?
What is Lufthansa's mission statement inspired on?
What are the best trending businesses?
What are the best tips for making your business on top in a small margin field that is dominated by price wars?
Is it bad if my startup's business plan is to generate traffic and create revenue only by showing ads?
What is the best business model to manage a luxury company?
When someone buys a domain, who do they buy it from?
What is the need for business articulation?
When is a business research not needed?
How do I get in touch with big companies to show them an innovation of new product?
Could Microsoft turnaround stall?
What skills do I need as a successful manager who wants to turn into an entrepreneur?
If you could become an owner of any type of small business, which would you choose and why?
How is strategy different from long term planning?
What are the crucial specifics a business developer must be conversant with to succeed in steering business growth and profitability?
What is the Inc 5000 equivalent in Europe?
What are the critical specifics that an entry level business development officer need to know about strategic business development?
What really big technological leaps have happened in the past 10 years that had nothing to do with computers?
How do I grab our potential customers at the best business destination?
Guys I would like to have a business plan for doing food business step by step and my capital is 300000 INR how can it be done?
How can an individual profit from a change in the volume of a bid instead of a change in the price?
What base research is required to design Key Performance Indicators (KPI) and Critical Success Factors (CSF) in a business strategy?
What do you mean buying a business?
Where is the best way to learn about process improvement?
What business did you successfully start that no one thought to start?
What are the functional implementations of strategic management? What are the advantages they bring?
What are some businesses that shockingly failed?
What advice can you give me about starting an E-Wallet company in the Philippines?
Are there any scientists who have done MBA and have post MBA moved to strategy or Business roles? How successful are they after such career change?
How can I start an origami selling business?
I have an empty storefront in a prime location. Should I rent it out, or open a business in it? What business?
What is the business strategy planning in an SEO?
What do you mean by Porter's five forces analysis?
What role does innovation have in addressing these challenges and driving future growth? (maximum 1500 characters)
What business strategy would you recommend to Polaroid?
What campaign strategies do the most successful companies have in common?
How would you compare the business models of Myuniverse, Fyers and Minance?
What are long term business decisions you regret?
How can I write a one-page SEO business plan?
How does a electronic recycling business make money?
How does ChaCha monetize its service?
Why was Facebook so much more successful than MySpace?
How does Wachtell Lipton Rosen & Katz dominate the field of mergers and acquisitions?
What careers can mix psychology with strategic planning?
What is the difference between merger, acquisition and takeover?
What are some different business models for engaging in very high level contract research and development for private industry?
Is it bad if my startup's business plan says all revenue is based on advertising?
What are some strategies used to turn around a failing business?
How do I find the size of a company by revenue and number of employees, if they are not publicly traded?
What are difficult for company when expanding beyond its domestic market?
How is microeconomics used by firms in reality?
How can collaboration help a new business to grow?
According to rules of business can a subcollector be placed above the dipro in a media sub committee?
What are the keys factors that help determine the viability of a business opportunity?
Am I allowed to use bootstrap templates to create website themes and sell them?
What are the features of OTA travel solutions that makes it different from traditional travel agency?
What are advantages for companies when they expand beyond their domestic market?
What is strategic planning for engineers?
How can I create a business model where I can pay people for every kilogram of garbage they dump?
What are the main business strategies in present day marketing?
Is the ability to make friends important in succeeding at business? What are the requisites for a successful business?
Is it worth investing in custom graphic design for B2B product?
In the long run will demonetization really help business to flourish?
Is it legal to structure a pricing plan for B2B, based on the business size / number of employees?
Who are examples (name and position) of great individual contributors in business?
What is the best way to find new clients for housecleaning?
What is a unit in business?
How did you grow your business rapidly?
What are some examples of business chain of command?
How do I find strategic partners for my software development biusiness among new marketing consultants?
What are examples of complicated businesses?
What is the business strategy people use in Brazil to gain projects?
How do I find about pic grant?
What is the business strategy of herbalife?
How can you operate your business on WhatsApp?
What is the foodking strategy?
What is exit strategy in a business plan?
What strategic investments have major aerospace companies made in the last 10 years?
What are some good books on developing new products and taking them to market?
What should I know about buying multiple businesses?
What is the business model of PVR?
What is the correct way and what are the best practices in applying the Porter's five forces assessment to a business proposition?
What are the top 3 smartest moves you've ever made in your business?
How do people get angel investors when not in any tech field and just starting out?
What steps Samsung has to take to create its own operating system?
What is "Business Disposition"? And how can it be useful for my business strategy?
How do I evaluate a business requirement?
How has the marketing plan of KFC changed through time? What improvements have they made?
What are some great ways to seek business partners in foreign countries?
What are the best ways to grow a business incubator?
What is the business model of Gympik?
How can consistency and repetition of same work be maintained easily without any benefit if it's starting new business?
What is the best marketing idea you have ever seen?
Where can I find IIM graduates to write my business plan?
How do I convince my friend to convert her company from LLC to C- or S-Corp?
When thinking of business strategies what do you like to include as benchmarks for failing with an idea?
What is the difference between substitutes and differentiated products?
What is best business to start?
What is IBM's sustainable competitive advantage?
Can businesses be both environmentally sustainable and profitable?
What are some of the business plan competitions for African startups?
What should be the long term vision and goal in business?
How can I increase profits shoveling driveways?
What should I do to be successful enterprenuer?
What are some good books on market positioning?
Which is best growing business in Mumbai?
How can I get custom orders for my business?
What is the strategy that has followed for the success of e-business?
What's the best business deal you ever made?
What is the business model behind Peduase Valley Resort?
What is Amazon's current positioning & strategy in Ad Tech?
I have a laptop with good configurations and internet. How can I make money by these two stuff?
What program can I use to make business cards and why?
I have time. I have money. I have products to dropship. I have basic knowledge. Why I still cannot start anything? What should I do? What's missing?
What is the role of management control systems in creating competitive advantage?
What are your greatest business mistakes?
Which of the generic competitive strategies would you recommend Sonic follow in formulating overall strategy?
What are some key aspects in developing a business model for a brand angency?
How can I learn how to assess and formulate business plans?
Why should a college conduct a fest?
My team is doing ok. Why should I still outsource?
What kind of six sigma projects would benefit a call center?
Does prestige of institution affect career outcomes for a Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree?
What are the core business processes of Zomato?
What are the types of operational issues in a business?
What is the best business solutions?
How can I create a one-man SEO business action plan?
How can I create a business based on my hobbies?
Which are the best books to be referred for business strategy, tactics, smart investment?
How can the quality of the strategic decision be measured?
What kind of advertising do you use for your business?
Did J. Crew transfer its brand's intellectual property to a subsidiary as a tax strategy or for some other reason?
How do I internalise my own strategic vision?
I have an idea for an enterprise, how can I protect my idea while working on my business plan?
What is the important thing that you've done for your business to grow?
How do I start a cooperative?
What is a good business plan for a group home?
What is the best example of a company which has adopted innovative business strategy to convert desire to demand?
What percentage of gross sales should a company payroll be in retail?
What is China's development strategy exactly? Also, how does their education system fit in with their overall strategy?
What are business qualitive competitve advantage, examples?
What are some examples of P2P businesses?
What do I need to make a successful business website?
Why does a merger improve NPL recoveries?
Is it better to launch a crowdfunding campaign by itself or in partnership with a non profit organization like Fractured Atlas?
How much should a great photographer expect to earn during an event like the G20?
How can I expand furniture business internationally?
What are some great books about pricing?
Is Ola loosing steam & focus, in the race towards gaining customers and market leadership?
What is the best/fastest way to get the first few clients for a consulting business without resorting to referrals?
How do I develop an ongoing business?
What is the best way to grow pharmacy business?
Do we need to have exit plan for our businesses?
What are some factors to Amazon's rapid and consistent growth?
Why does it make sense for Tesla to build manufacturing in the US but not other companies?
How do different strategies for being productive compare? Which is the best and why?
What are the best usages of PowerShell for PDF file handling?
How much would yo be willing to pay for a marketing strategy for your business?
How is gaurav agrawal as a person from pick my laundry? Is pick my laundry guys planning to expand there business and ventures?
Are there any artist management companies other than www.bookeventartist.com?
How do I define and modelize a business digital strategy?
What are the best strategies to take on big players in your industry?
What avoid while presenting a business strategy?
What is AmBev corporate strategy like?
How can I become a successful entrepreneur in business?
What has made Starbucks so successful?
What can Skype do to fight the competition from social media platforms that are building out their voice and video call functions?
What is the most comprehensive and perceptive analysis of Amazon, its value, and its business operations?
What are strategies' and main subjects on growth talks?
What is abroad education consultants business strategy?
How Smart was Henry Ford?
Do cigarette manufacturers have turnaround plans?
What are the best examples of the most successful honeypot operations, past or present, in business or intelligence?
What are some non traditional ways to wish clients in this Thanksgiving?
What is the competitive advantage of the PS3?
Which are the most profitable businesses suitable for Panchkula (Haryana), India?
How do you sell yourself in a business plan?
Is providing any product/service for free a good business strategy?
Is there any sample business plan for beauty products business plan?
Why is thinking big even with the process detail don’t pay much, but implementing a small thought pays far more?
How do I make sure my business name is safe to go with?
What are some characteristics of Scandinavian retailers' international expansion strategies?
What is the business model of SpeakIn?
What is the business strategy behind Zandu Balm 8 ml pack hollow bottom?
Do you need an experienced strategic partner for your growth?
What is the best way to get traffic or exposure to your website with a $50 marketing budget?
What are the factors that determine the span of management in every business? How are they identified?
What are good examples of minor improvements that made a huge impact?
What is meant by strategic miscalculation?
What is non voice process?
What do you think their strategy is in maintaining so many different independent e-commerce websites with such similar functionality?
Is there a book on observing your competitor’s business model and stealing them?
How can education and migration agencies expand their business network?
What is a strategic objective?
How can I make my company a subscription model business?
How can I design a business model?
How can Uber attract more drivers?
What is the relationship between business strategy and IT strategy in Airbnb business?
What is the difference between business idea and business opportunity?
What is the best way to practice writing in English since I learnt some mistake in the past and I couldn't get over it?
You see Starbucks' on either side of the road sometimes, why do you think Starbucks Corp does this?
Why is recognition important in a business?
Is Blue Ocean strategy a theory about strategy or purely a strategic tool?
How can I use RimTim to increase online reputation of my business?
What is Evernote's competitive advantage?
How do you learn everything about promotions in groceries and hypermarkets for business development?
What are 3 barriers of entry in starting a needle and syringe supply company?
What's the difference between a business model and an industry model?
Is there really no better way to become rich without taking bribes?
Is Impossible Foods a defensible business?
What are the top 3 issues for business developers?
Why doesn't Harley Davidson make a small, economical motorcycle?
I have a business plan involving AllAdvantage/Agloco idea, but much more & highly aggressive on making profits. How do I get the funding?
How does VBA plays role in business modelling?
Is Google not creating Google assistant integration for Android 6 just because of selling point for pixel phones?
What business can be started with 15 Million Valid Emails from 18+ year old drivers?
What are the least successful rebrands?
How important is the cover letter when applying for MBB (McKinsey, BCG, Bain)?
What is the best Business strategy?
Why hasn't the Tata group entered into journalism or media?
How did airbnb grow?
What is the best way to monetize on new concepts and new business models?
Why do a lot of businesses have a large amount of assets seemingly just for display?
What is the ultimate business model?
What types of content do established businessmen who want to expand their horizons, read, watch or consume during their free-time?
Has RJIO applied blue ocean strategy?
Where your business can leverage an IT partnership?
What is the best strategy to start over a security systems business?
How can internet technologies help a business strategic alliances?
How do you conclude whether a business have the potential to expand or not?
What is business model of www.pharmacompass.com?
Do you think pull marketing can be as effective or more than push marketing? Do you know case studies that show a comparative ROI between the two?
Does it make sense to say "business industry," or "industry business" or should you only say one or the other?
How can I make a better strategy?
Why do Google, Apple, and Facebook want to invest in London?
How should a business plan for a new medicine store in Cameroon look like?
What is Procter and Gamble's competitive advantage?
When big tech companies acquire startups, do they judge the product quality by just looking at a product and its features?
How can managerial accounting help company gain competitive advantages?
What are the differences between a strategic, a tatical and a operational plan?
What is best fast growing business?
What is Cemex's business strategy? What are some examples in how they use it?
Which is the best strategy to promote business globally?
Which is the best coaching at Kota for JEE Mains and Advanced?
How can I create a business plan for a supermarket?
Who is your biggest competitor?
Should I delete inactive users from my “newsletter” email list to keep my email marketing service fees down?
How do l develop business of art products?
What are the different types of accounting used in business?
I broker SBA loans for business buyers. What online strategies can I use to find borrowers?
What is one of the most prevalent behavioral changes occurring in today's customers and what could a business do to adapt and engage better with them?
How do I turn a disaster into an investment opurtunity?
What is the difference between process and strategic innovation?
What are some examples of business machines? What purpose do they serve?
Why is a company message used on business cards? What is the purpose of it?
What were some of the ways rivals / consumers defamed a company in the past?
How do I improve my' business ' voice?
How can I evaluate merger proposal?
How can I create a sales and marketing strategy with no experience?
What are some good examples of business integrity?
We are a Student Academic and Psychometric profiling company, what should be the best way to promote our business?
Is it better to go through customer validation first stage or to invest my own money in to app development?
What's the best strategy for acquiring and turning around failing companies?
Is being skilled in persuasion important when growing your business? What’s your experience?
What is the strategy of BMW?
What is the next strategic plan of Trump?
How was Walmart able to start with just one store with their business model of selling products at low margin and high quantity?
What is best way or product by which I can target American, Apac countries and earn ?
Is Google aware that Voice First devices will break the pay-per-click business model?
How can I reach out to potential customers/early adopters keeping in mind that my product is in beta and that the users should be of same city?
How can you grow your business with digital marketing?
How could a CRM help grow your business?
Which month do businesses usually carry out performance reviews and setting new strategic goals for the new financial year?
I have a business plan, 3+ mos of research & prototypes. I need money for a warehouse, permits, and employees. Is it possible?
What is the product strategy of Toyota?
Advantage of cvvt?
Doeos seizing competitive advantage mean deals take centre stage?
What is a strategic innovation?
What business can I start with €500?
What is the business model of Alibaba com?
What are some successful counter-intuitive systems/ business models/ marketing campaigns?
What is business concept?
Would it be better if Pied Piper patented and licensed their algorithm to other companies rather than be consumer-facing?
Can we boost windmill speed using magnets?
If you were to start an organic toothbrush/toothpaste company, what would you name it?
What is the appeal of a Harley Davidson?
I am looking for business minded, serious people from all around the world to join our team and expand the business, where I can find such people?
What are some reasons for creating a personal or professional website?
Innovation: Can you suggest a product that does not yet exist in the market?
Which companies have successfully implemented the Challenger Sales model?
Can anyone let me know what is the business model for technologyadvice.com, softwareadvice.com?
What are the top benefits of outsourcing Lead Generation services?
What are some examples of business implications?
Does Netflix's strategy in India make sense?
What can I do to attract more foreign workers to my country (Brasil)?
If a business was to stock local designers and promote their goods and the designer what would this business strategy be called?
How do you turnaround a company?
What parts of Uber's business strategy enabled them to compete so successfully against established competitors in Australia?
What goes into a business plan?
If an analog business is a business you want yours to emulate, what's the opposite? A business whose example you want yours to avoid?
How does a barbershop business go?
How do business and entrepreneurship improve people’s lives?
What factors should I consider when choosing an outsourcing partner?
How do you understand management and strategy?
Why is Snickers offering 20 Rupees Paytm Cash with every Snickers Bar? What is their marketing strategy?
What is the sales strategy of Quora?
What is business transformation?
What has been the best performing currency over the past 10 years?
What is Yahoo's strategy?
What is the Porter's Five Forces for wine industry?
How can I become the best at marketing and help businesses grow?
Can a business expand its reach worldwide using a global number?
What are the strategies for homebuyers in a seller’s market?
Why did Google spin off their self driving car business?
I have 4 beach houses on Mexico's Caribbean coastline. What should I do to make money with them?
What is Eli Lilly's mission statement? How was it established?
What is Exact Model?
What are the specific jobs that use game theory?
What is centralised decision making structure in business?
Does a company fully own it's retail stores?
Why there is hardly any KFC, McDonalds on highways in Bengal (Through Kolkata)?
How do I make make my business a company?
In locations like China, as a service provider, what are some strategies to make consumers line up in a queue properly?
My new client is a dentist that wants to expand his business. How do I handle the paperwork?
Wages aside, what's the biggest obstacle in bringing iPhone assembly jobs to the United States?
How do I attract influencers to join my interest-based social platform (FearlessLittle.com)?
To what extent do Steve Jobs' ideas still impact Apple's strategic direction in 2016?
What strategic steps did you take after your first profitable year in business?
How has science influenced philosophy?
How can I sell projects and find customers for my construction business?
How can I earn money from university events with entrepreneur and bankers?
How are the retrenchment strategies used in business?
Which is low risk high profit business startup?
Does your business have to go through a period of slow sale before it became successful?
How can businesses with small teams create and maintain a competitive edge?
Is it a smart strategy to be aggressive in business?
What are some ideas to industrialize Kanniyakumari?
What is the most interesting or best business model for portable document format creation for businesses that want to backup their paper documents?
What do you is think content strategy and do you think your business needs it?
How does one create a service based business plan?
How can I charge more money for the same product/service?
What are the customer retention strategies?
2. What can be a threat of potential new entrants?
What forecasting tools and techniques are the most valuable for a strategic plan for market expansion for adult day care centers?
Why are high-end processors more expensive than cheaper processors, considering they are made from the same materials?
What examples are there of people making a profit by making the world a better place?
How can small technology companies compete with huge tech corporations?
As a CEO, what do you think is most important to run a successful business?
How can I expand my education business in Europe?
Who makes strategies at the corporate level, and how is this strategy made? How would an organization with a multi-business model form their strategies?
What do internal strategy teams actually do at most companies?
How should it be the first approach to a potential influencer that will have stake in the company?
What contributes to Starbucks' massive success as a business?
What control systems does Facebook use to implement its business strategies?
What are examples of companies that adopted a direct-to-consumer strategy?
How can I put pricing strategy for a customer I never deal with?
Are there any examples of applying a startup business model to turnaround a existing Company?
What have you learned about business policy? What do you wish you had studied in more depth?
What is the best (most fearful/outrageous/amazing/dirty) business story you've ever heard about or been through?
How does a website help your business grow?
How did Warren Buffett only paid $6.9 million on a taxable income of $39.8 million back in 2010? What tactics did he use?
What are some of your biggest concerns when deciding whether to expand your business?
What are some ways Uber can create other avenues of revenue?
What are some of the most ingenious tweets you've seen a business do?
How do I create a simple business continuity plan for an LMS company?
How do I take over customers from my biggest competitor?
What's the reason Chromebooks are a)hard/impossible to purchase,b)way overpriced compared to a WinPC,c)last years' model,5 years later,outside the US?
Which framework do you use to scan the external business environment?
What is the best business intelligence?
What is the difference between Succession Planning and Replacement Planning?
How do corporations develop strategic plans for single or multidivisional structures?
What is Iora Health's business model?
Why did Sir Philip Green sell BHS for £1?
Which companies use "intra-firm competition" as a method of growth, innovation and strategic iniatives?
When is a good time to start writing your business plan?
How is your business approach unique?
Do you use PESTLE analysis (or one of its derivatives)? Why/Why not?
How can a business be successful?
What was Gymshark’s strategy for such rapid growth?
In today's world, to start the next multi-million dollar company do you have to start a YouTube channel?
What can we do to increase the business of glass and aluminium?
Why is the contemporary futurist, important in shaping the business practices and strategy of changing industries and disrupted verticals?
What do you really want to know about strategy planning for your business?
How can one make a compelling business proposal to attract funding?
How can a property management company make more money?
In reacting to the marketing environment, what strategies do firms adopt in order to shift from a reactive to a more proactive stance?
Where can I get my start in business strategy?
How can one find the best way to counter a competing ice cream brand with statistics?
What is Google's corporate strategy?
What is the business model of "subsidizing phones through the operators"?
What is the best strategy in the Cesim simulator for business?
What is the business model of Practo?
What are the factors behind the quick decline of Xiaomi since 2015?
How can Samsung regain confidence from its customers?
How far did Wikimedia succeed in its' strategic plan?
How does Wal-Mart break down the relationship of its enemy with their alliances?
I plan to invest in a Joint Venture where a partners name is the brand. How can I legally ensure they do not leave and start another venture in Texas?
Which industries will experience the biggest change in the next 10 years?
What business plan should I consider to propose to a bank for developing a platform for them?
What does the strategic partnership of EU and Pakistan imply?
What is the proper entry strategy for airline company expansion?
What are fundamental steps to create a commercial strategy?
Can you run your own business besides studying your PhD? Is marketing management or strategic planning possible?
How do companies implement strategies at a global level?
What is the significance of developing an IP strategy?
Which company name and website name should I choose - LetsParty.com Inc - or - LetUsParty.com Inc?
What's essential for successful closely-held business succession?
Why doesn't Nepal have a deeper and more relevant strategic partnership with Bangladesh?
What do business owners really want to know about or struggle with around strategy planning for their business?
What are the business objectives for the app?
How can I grow up my business living in Hapur?
Do you feel that your business is growing or dying?
What are the best strategies for any business to grow audience on Instagram?
How can we make strategic planning for enterprise architecture?
What are some of the best resources for operating the business end of a creative services company?
How successful are companies like Flyrobe currently in India and what is the scope of the business model used by them?
What is the business model of bni?
Why are strategic alliances successful?
How can I expand and increase sales in my printing business?
What's the business model of Findurclass.com?
What is the best digital marketing strategy for pet photography business?
My business is getting very little clients and I'm becoming depressed, what can I do to get my business booming?
Do you know how to formulate a strategy to counter large business rivals?
What could stop gold shops from selling gold on cash and claiming them to be previous sales before 8th Nov?
What are some smart financial and business decisions to make for 2017?
What effect does Talent Management & Succession Planning have on the implementation of strategy in the organization?
What are ranges of strategies that contribute to a business competitive advantage?
Why do companies integrate vertically?
What are vertical merger companies?
How do I develop marketing strategies for business growth?
What is the best way to grow a consultancy business on LinkedIn?
What is the alarm.com business model for dealers?
Are businesses losing money if they don't upsell to existing customers?
How would you grow a company's business?
Did you ever put your competitor completely out of business and took in most of their profits? How did you achieve so?
What are some manufacturing business that there by products, waste can also be used for other businesses?
What business strategy can make me $1000/day?
What is strategic outsourcing?
What should I include and how should I structure my business plan?
Does the better product always win?
Why is India the best outsourcing destination for IT services?
Is John Legere, T-Mobile CEO, right to describe AT&T and Verizon as "dumb and dumber"?
Which is most important aspect of a business- marketing, operations or finance?
How does different pricing strategies impact the consumer’s purchase behavior?
Why wouldn't it make sense for Amazon or Alibaba or Walmart to acquire a delivery package company such UPS or FedEX?
In business, what is a distribution channel strategy?
What are the important data mining techniques for successful business?
Why is Airbnb transferring its China listings to a new corporation, "Airbnb China"?
What are some ways we can prepare ourselves to make deep thinking business and strategy decisions?
How were the strategies for early growth at LinkedIn different from Facebook?
How do I learn the business side of running a construction company?
Why has Hollister Co. replaced attractive models with average-looking ones?
What is an effective strategy for securing and managing businesses or individuals to partner with and reward them with % of sale?
What business strategy is Alibaba following by getting into the motion picture business?
How difficult is it to get a strategic partnership role at Google?
What are the problems with a seasonal business model?
What are the interesting research topics in CSR and sustainable strategies?
How can you reduce cost for your business to save more profit?
What is the difference between sales and marketing in a business and what roles do they play in the early stage of a business?
Will Facebook buy and sell feature displace Craiglist as the market leader in the US?
What is Starbucks' competitive advantage?
How do I make a great copycat of successful businesses?
How can I boost my electronic appliances business?
What should a business do and not do to become successful?
How would Nancy Duarte give a presentation to multiple very successful companies to propose a joint venture?
How should a company split if one owner wants to leave?
How can you purchase businesses and delegate responsibilities?
Who makes strategy at coporate level?
How can I expand my education business in Europe?
What is the business plan of trukky.com?
What are the best business strategies that can be implemented in fitness field?
Does anybody work for Amway? If yes, does direct distribution business model work for you?
Is Atlassian entrepreneurship and innovation strategy sucessful? What it lacks?
How should a business make bold strategic changes without taking excessive risk?
What is better for the startup: Launching fast but unstable and badly designed app or taking time and launching a beautiful and stable app?
What's your competitive advantage?
What contributes to Starbucks' massive success as a business?
What is Shopback's business model?
What are examples of companies that adopted a direct-to-consumer strategy?
Why does outsourcing to India is the most feasible option for both small & large businesses?
What is it like to work as a marketing coordinator at Uber?
Which masters degree is best at honing strategic thinking?
How can the world create competitive advantage for a sustainable food system?
What is Fundacity's business model?
Why doesn't Netflix partner with cinemas to distribute their content?
How do I take over customers from my biggest competitor?
What strategies can you use to benefit from a novel business idea that is easily imitable by big players after it is being revealed?
What is the best business intelligence?
What kept manufacturing companies in the U.S. in the 1950s and 1960s when corporate taxes and wages were higher than they are now?
What do I do if my business has an extremely similar but more popular competitor?
What is the business strategy Pelco uses?
What are some example of companies which have succeeded by paying attention to its customers?
What is Iora Health's business model?
Why can’t Apple, with 200B dollars, build a car company while Tesla, with limited resources, can?
What is Globacom's mission statement, and what do they do to keep it real?
How does a business keep maintaining it's position in the market and grow?
If I learn to play golf, is that going to help me Network and grow my business?
Is all publicity good advertising?
In today's world, to start the next multi-million dollar company do you have to start a YouTube channel?
What can we do to increase the business of glass and aluminium?
What are the most effective Forex techniques?
What are some ways you can acquire an established business with no money?
When do you think is a good time to copy your competitor?
Since McKinsey & Company is an incorporated partnership, does that mean only partners can hold equities of the company (none for other employees)?
How do I grow my business in tourism?
What is Amazon's competitive advantage over traditional retailers?
What can elections teach us about business strategy?
How does Mercosur operate?
What is the best novel business strategy learnt from a successful company?
How do I find great mentors to be successful both in life and in business?
How can a property management company make more money?
How can one make a compelling business proposal to attract funding?
How do you expand your business operations for IT and IoT services?
Do you need to be good in school in order to be an entrepreneur?
I don't have a store to see which "offline" items are currently selling, how can I know this info without having a store?
How do I plot a strategic business plan for an investment consultancy?
How can KM help you strengthen your business strategy?
What is the considiration a company takes when deciding to specialize in a specific category or weither to expand, is it financial, if so then how?
What are the best strategies for using online chat support to increase engagement?
How should I price my retail product?
What do quotas think about Patanjali and their business model?
Are you allowed to lie during business?
Outsourcing: What are the key factors to consider when selecting an offshore development team and what makes you think they are vital?
What competitive advantage does salesforce gain with the purchase of Twitter?
What is the business model of Blurp?
What are the best tactics for independent entrepreneurs to use for finding small companies to buy and operate?
Which tech companies were rewritten from scratch to help them grow?
What is Google's business strategy? How does Google make money?
What system do you recommend to improve the company's business processes and increase its profit margin?
How applicable is MinuteClinic's business model in Asia?
What is Curofy matketting strategy?
What is the proper entry strategy for airline company expansion?
How do you create a successful business at university?
What is the significance of developing an IP strategy?
What are the steps to be followed while creating a financial business plan?
What are some free ways to market and grow a business?
What are the main steps of the turnaround strategy?
How can Coles differentiate from its competitors?
What is it like to use Talmix (formerly MBA&co) in comparison to HourlyNerd?
How can a wantrepreneur overcome idea overload and become an entrepreneur?
Do you feel that your business is growing or dying?
How can we make strategic planning for enterprise architecture?
What are some competitive advantages for a conference firm?
What were some business ideas which started off being dismissed by everyone but end up making lots of money for the entrepreneur?
What are Michael Porter's competitive strategies?
Why are strategic alliances successful?
What drives people to open grocery stores in not so populous areas in Brooklyn?
Our company started with a great boom but now we are getting no customers. Mainly because we have very limited money. Should we go for investment?
How have current ideas on corporate strategy evolved?
How does a mid size company get large contracts?
Do you know how to formulate a strategy to counter large business rivals?
What are some things I should know about studying business?
How do I make best speaking with business?
What are some examples of inversion in business?
How can I turn this 2000$ into a business?
Lead Generation: Is Telemarketing really dead?
What are the benefits and disadvantages of using an overseas call centre?
What are the major companies that have made a pivot strategy?
Which companies do not perform well and need incremental changes in their business strategies?
What should be incorporated in developing a strategy for Sales and onboarding?
What are some examples of companies who used a vertical expansion product strategy?
Where can I get a business plan for a cybersecurity company?
How do I calculate the ROI of customizing my CRM software?
Where do I get revenue and financial information for writing a gun store business plan?
Did you ever put your competitor completely out of business and took in most of their profits? How did you achieve so?
What should Twitter be doing to capitalize on the immense popularity of their platform during the 2016 presidential election?
How can influencer marketing help to grow my business?
Entrepreneurship: I have more than 600+ ideas, how do I start with the execution part?
What is mean by inbound and outbound in Voice process in BPO sector?
What is the defination of critical success factors?
What are your struggles in running a business?
Why is india preferred for outsourcing then any other country?
How can I write a business plan for a film?
Is John Legere, T-Mobile CEO, right to describe AT&T and Verizon as "dumb and dumber"?
What is the business model of Great Place to Work Institute?
Which is most important aspect of a business- marketing, operations or finance?
Is Snapchat's UI intentionally unintuitive?
In business, what is a distribution channel strategy?
Who is the master of business strategy till now?
How can small businesses be prepared against CyberSecurity breaches in 2017 ? What is your 5 Step strategy and Plan ?
What is the relation between marketing and creating a business model/plan?
What makes Trello successful?
Has outsourcing to India changed over the past few years? If yes, then how?
What is an asset heavy business model?
How do I find a winning operational business intelligence strategy?
How can a business valuation help my business?
How important is it for a company to have a long term vision, even if its not perfect?
Which are the top 5 companies that went tremendously down (or died) over the past years because of lack of innovation?
How can Suppliers influence strategic planning in startups?
How do investment companies operate?
What are the biggest challenges facing Amazon over the next ten years?
How do you know if you got the right outsourcing partner in few days?
How do I get in to see a CEO?
What do you mean by sequential combination strategy and simultaneous combination strategy?
Has there been a company which developed a side business that outstripped its original core business?
How does one form a joint venture with corporations? How should I bring up the offer to them?
What drives people to open small restaurants in not so crowded areas in Brooklyn? How do they manage to stay open and do they make any profits?
What is the Microsoft mobile strategy in late 2016?
How is value created by strategic alliances?
How do you win in business?
What makes us successful according to you?
What competitive advantage does Udemy have?
How can I contact one small business owner for a product I am developing?
What are the struggles you have growing your business?
How can I know the good practices of IBM for corporate governance, strategy formulation and risk management?
Why is tailoring to a customer's needs so important for a business?
What makes one type of business have a higher valuation multiple than another type of business?
What changes are required within marketing for a company that decides to start with content marketing?
How can you make sure your business key driver is the right one?
What are the applications of the push-pull theory?
What is business statistical inference used for?
How can I make my tshirt business grow?
Would Apple's closed ecosystem seem as anti-competitive if it was iOS which was dominating the market instead of Android?
What are some great books on marketing strategy?
What is the difference between TaoBao and ThunderQuote?
What is the business model of unacademy?
How do I handle anonymous hate emails and/or comments about my business products?
Based on modern trends, how do tech startups get $1Bn+ valuations?
What are the benefits of customer support outsourcing for small businesses?
What are incalls and outcalls and how are they used in business?
Can I integrate my Salesforce lead buckets with the leads from ThunderQuote?
In game theory, is a greater number of potential strategies better than fewer strategies, although the latter category has better strategies?
Why are illicit businesses more lucrative than honest businesses?
How do I prepare or develop a competitive advantage for a sick unit or company?
How does Google's business model interplay with its business strategy?
What is the strategy behind mynta for its success?
What are good success fee pricing strategies for a consultancy to work with start ups?
How do I turn my business into a teaching facility?
What is the business model of Facebook? How does Facebook earn profits?
Is it legal for a company to reduce the price of its goods below cost to eliminate a competitor from the market?
What can an 18 years old entrepreneur from Africa sell to Americans that will make profit?
What were some of the reasons you left companies in the past?
What is the definition of Resource-led strategy?
Are there any successful paid survey business that are VC success cases or that went public?
What is the essence of business success?
What is the difference between strategy consulting and strategy planning?
What do we mean by strategic partnership in context on International relations?
How do I expand our Business Operations in Australia?
What's the difference between LinkedIn and ThunderQuote?
How can I succeed in an online business as a student?
Why do we need business plan writers?
What is it like to build a successful business that doesn't support the life you want?
What are some great books about marketing new products?
How can I improve my business in enterprise?
Is there a special name for the type of business model where a business earns a % of cost savings?
What are the advantages of SaaS business models?
Can you put a glance on M&A and partnership activities from the past 5-10 years of some of the companies you know?
What lessons can be learned from Blackberry's successful pivot to being a software company?
How do I maximise chances of success when raising money through equity crowdfunding?
How much of an advantage did Google get from the experience of making Google Cardboard?
Why are so many CEO's bad in business strategy?
What is the difference between marketing strategy and operations strategy?
How should I improve my startup pitch deck to raise seed funding?
How difficult is it to build a successful mid size business?
How does Uber structure its businesses?
In Hyderabad which short term business is run well?
Is there any difference between Coupa and ThunderQuote?
How would we know that Allied is doing better than competitors?
How can I expand my cake selling business?
What are the biggest risks to Spectacles' success? What should Snap Inc do to mitigate these risks?
When does a business NOT need market research?
How can I expand my IT solutions providing business to the international market?
I'm unmotivated and burned out with my business. What do I do to turn things around?
What is the conversion rate of leads on ThunderQuote?
What is Strategic restraint in diplomacy?
Why does vision is needed to induce your business better?
How does the ThunderQuote sales appointment function work and can I integrate it with Salesforce?
How does offering a cash give-away help influence prospects to join my online fitness and nutrition program?
What’s a good business plan for Bielawa (Poland)?
What are the differences between ThunderQuote and Thumbtack?
How does the Atlassian Add on's business model work?
What is the difference between intended and emergent strategy?
What are the latest monetization strategies for Flipkart?
I’m expanding my online business, how can I efficiently manage stock and storage?
How can I find trends for any business?
Can ThunderQuote integrate with G Suite?
What bad business moves did IBM make during the early days of the PC?
What factors do you think will be critical in the successful implementation of the plan?
What creative business strategies made the UFC what it is today?
How do you convince colleagues to change the business strategy?
What strategy game is most similar to the strategies used in business?
How do companies operate when the CEO's are away for a vacation or a short leave?
What can I do against a competitor giving money (bribe) to a client to gain the business?
What is ThunderQuote's competitive advantage relative to Thumbtack?
How was Rapture Records formed?
How is the business model of OnePlus different than that of Samsung and Apple?
The Google Analytics for my website ThunderQuote keeps showing parts of Facebook Ad traffic as Direct instead of as FB referral. How can I fix this?
What is the difference between the physical plan and logical plan in Pig script?
Are there any other e-procurement platforms out there that can allow me to find quality leads besides GeBIZ?
Does my ThunderQuote referral code work if I post it on Twitter?
What would happen to a company such as Apple or Amazon if they were suddenly forced to pay tax at normal rates globally?
What is the introduction of business plan about an educational insititution?
Who are Altrias competitors?
What's the best money making strategy/business for a college student?
Can I link my Google Adwords to ThunderQuote?
How successful would it be to take a profitable business and execute the same model in a different geographical area?
How do GDS systems work?
Is there a more relevant model that is more applicable to service providers rather than Porter's value chain?
How do I become successful in automobile service and maintenance business?
Is Google getting confused about its long term strategy? Why is it trying to jump into the hardware market yet again?
Does concentrating alliance activities in one or few units increases the returns to collaboration?
What is a better job title, "Head of Strategic Partnerships" or "Director of Strategic Partnerships"?
What is the difference between ServisHero and ThunderQuote?
Why is trading so hard?
What's the business model of apps like Broex and Plabro?
What is the difference between ideation, brainstorming planning and strategy?
How do I get my foot into business intelligence?
If the house always win in long-term, why doesn't everyone do casino business?
I have a vision to grow my company. What should I be thinking about for the employees so they don't feel like I am trying to get rich off of them?
What will be the title of a person who is in charge of bringing new business to a company?
Can equity grants like options or warrants be used to grow a network effect for a marketplace business?
I want to increase my folding business how?
What is an effective strategy for getting rich? My startup capital is £1000 and I'm thinking of long-term strategies.
What are the best ways to make promotion of any new launched website?
My father gave me $200. How can I grow it spending 5 hours per week?
Can Valeant return to prosperity following Papa's plan to sell some of its business units?
Is Uber overvalued?
What are some great books on the topic of business strategy?
How testing effects the business?
What is the best way to take on a new business partner?
How many times did you pivot before getting success in business?
What drives succes for businesses, or in a broader sense organizations, and what is some good literature covering this subject?
I earned 5k INR on my own, how can I make it 20k in a month?
How come some people are able to sell anything?
What can I do to take improve my business?
Strategic Planning: Which is a more strategic choice?
What is the growth strategy of Uber?
What is the job title for the guy who comes up with ideas?
What is the most effective business model for VR mobile games?
How can I find new way to grow my business?
What would Acharya Balakrishna, major stakeholder in Patanjali, do with so much of money?
What is your biggest challenge in explaining your business, and why?
What is one marketing trick or strategy that truly “changed the game” for your business?
How can I get new clients with Instagram?
How do I expand my business through Online marketing?
How can I get big B2B clients using cold emails?
I want to start-up online shoe business, how can I make research about the U.S market - when should I start?
What a find in small bussines?
If you were to choose a business in China that is a huge opportunity to bring overseas, what would it be?
How can we find new clients for our It outsourcing business?
If I have an office were we run several businesses, who pays the internet bill? Should we have a “holding” company that bills each one of the others?
What could be some topics for a thesis in business strategy for agrifood companies?
What is the biggest challenge when networking?
If you were to choose a business in Germany that is a huge opportunity to bring overseas, what would it be?
Can we do free business listing in www.prokerala.com?
What are some good examples of business prospectus?
Can we do free business listing in www.thelearningpoint.com?
How do I create a business strategy for home delivery chicken meat? What will be the approx cost analysis for this business?
What is the growth strategy of the company you are currently working for and which countries is it targeting?
How can we expand our business in different countries?
Is starting a consulting business in an area without demand but could use it a good idea?
If I want to start personal training at condos, what is a possible strategy/pitch if I do not live at the condos?
Why doesn’t every web startup use growth hacking tricks like pyramid effect to reach extreme popularity?
Are there accountants that advise clients on company formation, commercial law, and/or business/financial strategy? I don't want to focus on taxes!
How can I expand my export company?
What are financial aspects of business plan?
I have an amazing idea and I have a business plan but do not have any money. What should I do?
What could be best marketing strategy for an home furnishing business with an monthly budget of 30000 rs?
What are some great business strategies throughout history?
What should be our long term strategy to destroy terrorism from its core?
What is capacity planning? Why is it considered as part of a strategic decision?
Which were some of the competitive strategies you know about the companies you observe?
What are the different tools (like SWOT ,PESTLE) for analysing a business?
How can I retain younger employees with least resources?
What are some examples of a business being affected by the environment?
What is a business need?
How can one be consistent in business?
What are some suggestions for a startup that could help bridge the financial gap between start of work and delivery?
If you were to choose a business in Japan that is a huge opportunity to bring overseas, what would it be?
How does a small technology business grow their market value to be worth 10M?
What are your favorite go-to resources to get through your biggest business challenges?
What makes an effective business plan?
Where can I pursue a short term business strategy course in Mumbai?
Why there is so much shift in american policies every decade? 10 years back those who were rivals are now strategic partners and vise versa.
Should two different startups with similar business model join together?
What and where can a person who's looking to run/grow a business find and buy a smaller business that they can work on?
How can I find markets where I can be a player?
Why is Benchmarking important in business?
What are some really clever ways of coming up with a list of prospects for free, from thin air that you ever seen?
What is expected of twitters future growth and will it be a viable and competitive business in the long run?
What could be the pepperfry company's long term plan be?
How does the American business way manage to turn every single thing into an independent industry?
How would you define McDonalds' strategy?
What are some good examples of Sass companies that developed brilliant international strategies?
As a start-up owner, what are the most effective ways you are using (or used) to expand your network and your business?
What is Netflix's future? Can they compete with a big player like Google if they enter this industry?
How does Walmart create its competitive advantage?
What form does a company file if they intend to buy another company?
As the CMO for Uber, how would you form a future business plan for UberX?
If you are an agricultural company and can choose to dominate in 3 agricultural commodities, what would they be?
How do I survive the competition in online food ordering (middleman) business?
What is the role of HRM in contributing to the realisation of business goals and satisfying employees needs?
We have to do more than simply adapt: We have to innovate. What well known companies are merely adapting and what companies are truly innovating?
Has anybody used web scraped prices for luxury goods for a specific business uses? Like for prediction, finance, marketing
Why do the major wireless phone companies push package plans instead of charging as you go along?
How can you improve your crockery distribution business?
I'm in the process of starting a business. What are the best articles/books on finding good business partners?
How were strategic plans developed in the Vimy Ridge Battle?
How do I get new clients for my corporate catering business?
How many books are written on 'integrating strategy with sustainable- Challenges and opportunities'?
What are the business strategies implemented by patanjali?
What does a SOW plan look like for a strategic consulting agreement?
How do I make a business plan at 18?
How large does a company need to be before it creates its own training department?
What is a good strategy for businesses to use on Reddit?
What are some online businesses I can startup to generate $10k a month?
How do I find a sample business plan for money transfer business?
Why is it so hard to think of ways for someone to give you even $1?
What are some of the best business crisis overcoming cases?
What is an unfair competitive advantage?
What are some good follow-up strategies?
How would you make money using UAVs/Drones If there wasn't any regulations?
How do I find problems my (potential) business can solve?
How do I make a business plan in one week?
With technology innovation and new business monetization models, is hardware becoming irrelevant? How do you see the future for hardware companies
What is difference between a business plan and a project plan? Kindly provide key points under both of them.
What are some examples of a product business?
What is the technique or the approach to link or align strategic objectives with processes kpis?
How did your business grow?
What is the best marketing strategy for a business selling granite?
How do you know if you have the bench strength for international expansion?
What are the easiest domains to succeed in as a business founder and why?
How can you grow your business if you're in debt?
What's the best thing to do if client who already signed the contract is suddenly adamant to remove an important clause of paying a security deposit?
How do I request important updates from my client without aggravating them?
What's the rules of smoll business?
How can I find going out of business sales stores in India?
How could ZARA improve its business model? What could they do differently?
How does a PR agency go about tracking and targeting?
What is the best business advice for client-centered businesses?
How would I find the most experienced business plan writer for a mobile service based business?
What problems do legal firms have with finding new clients?
How do I grow my business in an industry sector where my product is weak?
How successful is the unlimited-free-trial software business model?
Who are competitors of Linxup?
Is it difficult to get a local Indian director in India for company registration purpose?
Which one is a good strategy: To collaborate with already established company or make your own product?
How does a PR agency create a comprehensive PR strategy?
How does a PR agency ensure that progress is being made towards overall brand strategic goals? How is this progress measured?
How UttamVyapar carry its Business?
What is the Subtreasury Plan about?
Do you really need a back up plan?
If you are already building a good startup company, how can you find the best allies from foreign countries like USA?
How do you view merger of Grasim and Nuvo to save Idea?
How profitable are food trucks?
What should be the turnaround strategy for Welspun?
In what ways a procurement team can deliver strategic and bottom line value?
How do companies like Prometric/ACT decide where to open test centers?
Did HP just release a competing product to the Amazon Echo/Alexa?
What should the Starbucks management be worried about?
How do I get a concrete business plan?
Does 'exploring strategic alternatives' by a company also include secondary offerings? What do they encompass apart from M&A?
What are the different strategy during study?
What are the benefits of adopting cloud based development solutions for online travel agencies?
What is strategic thinking? How can it survive?
What is the significance of hiring the best Amadeus developer for your online travel agency?
When looking at pricing data what are the most important factors?
What are some business advice that you'd wish you knew earlier?
How you can help Omoto get 5 new clients?
What are PR agencies capable of creating in terms of experiential marketing?
Where can I find a service that can investigate competitors?
Why does Grofer promote super store so strongly?
If there wasn't a lot of competition, do you think dating sites are a good business compared to other online business ideas?
What is the newest business model in America now?
How does a PR agency go about mapping the consumer journey?
How can I make 25k for my business?
What has been your biggest challenge during your first 6 years in business? How did you overcome it?
Who are Perrigo's competitors?
Do you think that eventually all "Blue Ocean Strategy" will turn into "Red Ocean"?
How would you go about competing with CreativeMarket?
Why didn’t German car pool service expand its services abroad?
What should Uber do if the Uber/Didi deal is ruled against?
What is ScriptDash business model?
Why is strategy evaluation important in business today? What are some examples?
What should I set as my minimum order for retailer stores? We offer unique weapon accessories. MSRP $80, 8 variations of product (style, color) ideas?
What are some great examples of business strategies put in Reliance Jio?
What is the reason why organizations pursue strategic alliances?
What are "financials" in the S&P 500 Index?
I sell my appliance brands very successfully and have a pretty large business. How should I analyze which category of new appliances to source?
Is Apple planning on getting rid of the 3.5mm audio jack from its devices?
What do you think of all the Birchbox competitors?
What is the business model of Wagh Bakri?
Is piracy a business model?
Porters five forces of competition?
What's Zerodha's business model?
Who are Gigamon's competitors?
How do I make a business strategy when I have a business idea in mind?
Which are some of the sectors with high operating margins?
What is a correct business strategy for a website that's mainly depended on ads for earning money to reach 10 lacs per month?
What are some famous business strategies used by sharing economy platforms?
What differentiates Jugnoo from its competitors?
How do e-commerce companies earn profit on selling products below the MSRP?
Who areThomson One Corporate Development competitors?
Is there a high-level framework / strategic model from Strategic Consulting companies regarding global workforce management?
How can I expand my phone's memory?
How do production possibility curves work? How are they used in business?
How do I respond to prospect negotiating the price for software?
Is Muddy Water's business model ethic?
How can I get new clients in IT?
What is Crunchbase's business model?
How does a PR agency go about creating an influencer marketing campaign?
What are the thought processes involved in strategic thinking?
What is the biggest lesson you have learned as an entrepreneur?
How do I create a business continuity plan?
What is Apple's strategy behind scheduling pre-orders for midnight Pacific?
How international marketing strategies of companies are related with the business strategy of companies?
What is the business model of Amazon Now?
How are turnaround time and response time alike?
How can I find such important dates regarding companies?
How does Google+ page help for my business?
Why Consistency is important in business?
How does Air Transat keep its prices so much lower than its competitors?
What type of suppliers do you like to work with in terms of competitive advantage?
What are some online business ideas that make $5,000 per month using my laptop?
What are the best financial strategies to grow your business 10x times?
What is the business model of fresh.land?
What are the most successful one person business?
How do I get a business plan for a charity?
When is strategic planning not a must for a startup?
What are the biggest threats to Postmates’ business model (September 2016)?
How can I begin a career in business strategy in England?
Can you recommend Pandadoc.com competitors?
Why is a strategic group analysis conducted? What are some examples?
How does your company create effective relationship management?
What is the business model of DHL?
Who are the direct competitors to CDW?
How does Gallup's business model work?
How does a PR agency translate a brand vision and other big ideas into strategic experiences and campaigns?
If a company says they import XYZ, how can I approach them to know what price they pay, quantities they want, etc?
What can I do to make my business Twitter more popular?
How do you increase sales productivity in malls?
Is there a site that you can view early BPs' of successful VC companies?
What are the advantages of a vertical merger?
What is Apple’s buying strategy? (its purchasing strategy)
Why is added value so important for a business? How is it used?
How can I prevent my client from approaching my developers?
What do your competitors do better and why?
What are some of the habits entrepreneurs have that other people don't?
What are a few nuanced differences between tactics and strategy, in a military environment and a business environment?
How I remove my self from my business so that I can grow it?
How do PR agencies approach sponsorship activation?
Where and which certificate for business plan will help me in freelancing career developing business plan?
I have a large number of bedspreads which I'm unable to sell. What should I do?
Could airlines make more money if they flew faster?
How can video help business on internet?
What is the best advice to become a millionaire while in my 20's?
What competitive advantages does UPS have over its competitors?
Do you think personal image (dress, grooming, and weight) should be as important to business success as it is?
How is Apple Music beneficial to Apple (2016)?
Is it better to sell my company or get a cash flow?
What are some really great books on how to plan and conduct marketing campaigns?
What are good reasons to hire someone to build your app opposed to taking time and learning how to build it yourself?
What checklist do you use to run a successful business?
What is Cambly's operation model?
How do I scale up supply side?
What is the difference between "working in the business" and "working on the business"?
How can you "flip" businesses for money?
How is Mobius Motors perceived in Kenya?
Under what conditions the Freemium Business Model has better chance to succeed?
Which companies are Airbnb's competitors in India?
What are the factors behind the successful rise of Taiwan's electronics industry?
What is the difference between Virgin Galactic and Blue Origin business plans?
What are some strategies to grow your business while giving back to society at the same time?
What statistics are used to determine success in a business?
What would be a good name for a webshop, which is selling clothes and accessoires from TV series like Breaking Bad, Game of Thrones, etc?
How can I compete with other businesses?
What is the best way to market my beverage if we are available for sale at most restaurants in a specific area?
I am highly analytical and spot solutions to business bottle necks in a heart beat. How can I package this as a consulting offering?
What is Blue Origin's business strategy and how, if at all, does it differ from SpaceX's?
What will you suggest to startup entrepreneurs who are trying to expand their business globally?
How can I make customer pay?
Can I move for leadership roles after working as data scientist?
What are the steps to create sales strategy to grow the business?
How do I stand out when applying for a job as a web designer?
I live on the East Coast. I want to work remotely for startups in the Silicon Valley area. Where can I find these startups and how do I get in touch?
What are the features of start-up travel software solutions?
What are the biggest competitors to AppLovin?
What is the business model for intent.com?
What is the strategic value of Goa to AAP?
What is strategic partner?
Why do most small businesses stay small?
Is Marketing 4P outdated now?
How do I value my business?
What inspired Charles Fombrun and Mark Shanley to write "What's in a Name? Reputation Building and Corporate Strategy"?
What is an effective way to research potential niche markets for software?
Why do I form such close bonds with customers?
What, if anything, might be a suitable replacement for ads in software monetization?
How can I grow my online advertising agency?
Should I pursue defense-related studies or expand my field of skills?
What are the most important things of a food and beverage startup should be concerned with?
What business model does Hello Pal have?
How do I write the financial side of a business plan for a mobile app?
How was SnapChat pitched to investors in the early days? How can a free app guarantee monetary return in their investor's investment?
How do you make your product or service seem unique or different when the idea already exists?
What level of employee turnover represents a crisis? How would you respond to 50% turnover (Software industry)?
Who are Airbnb's competitors?
How can I become an excellent tactician|strategist in business?
What are the best free resources for someone to learn Finance and Accounting to start and support their Startup in its initial stages?
Is there any website for blacklisting international trade buyers?
What is the Business model of Vuukle?
What was the strategic reason behind Google launching Fuchsia?
What is business model of smarttrade.biz?
Why don't more industries follow a craigslist style business model?
How do I approach a supplier if I want to start a drop-shipping business with the products they are manufacturing?
What are the different ways to start a new business?
What are the career opportunities for CAs willing to work in Mergers and Acquisitions advisory?
How do I promote my products door to door?
What is the business model of Blowhorn?
How are clothing retailers aligning with the on-demand economy?
What costly assumptions should an e-commerce startup watch out for?
How do I convince a business owner that I can increase their revenue? What elements and factors must I touch on in this conversation with the person?
How do I secure a $10,000 contract in the next month as a web developer/designer? What is the most strategic approach to attain this goal?
How can I expand my photo lamination and frames business?
When starting a new startup with a friend what legal agreements should be covered to ensure security of your position and prevention of later dispute?
What are the core components of a business?
How does the Vinted.co.uk business model work?
How do I innovate in engineering?
What was your eureka moment for your business?
Who are the Wetherspoons competitors? What are they known for?
How can I retain my customers when the new shop in front of mine is giving heavy discounts?
Will preparing for consulting case interviews help me even if I am not interviewing?
Who are the biggest competitors to luxify.com?
What is a problem you need to have solved, and how much would you pay for a solution?
Do you know any examples of sector development strategy that are cool, easy communicated and structured?
Why don't large firms, e.g. Tata or Microsoft, need their owners to be at every location to monitor the activities, but conversely small scale or micro industries need to be monitored closely by their owners otherwise they fail soon?
If you were given an "ordinary" business how would you turn it into a billion dollar company?
What are some business ideas within the watch industry?
How do you make business in Philippines if you have a US Banks account?
What markets display the highest rate of failure for startups?
How did TSMC get started given that the business model gobbles up so much capital and customers may not have the confidence to make orders initially?
What is product strategy?
I have an iOS app wireframe and $10,0000 to invest. I want to find a credible iOS developer to develop the MVP for me. What's the best approach?
How does Ninjacart operate in Bangalore?
What is the difference between Digital Strategy and IT Strategy?
What is the business model of trendhunter?
What is the competitive advantage of your business?
What's the clearest definition of business strategy? (In less than 20 words)?
Who are the competitors Infovista?
How can I develop checklist for various functions of my business?
I have a business plan that is impossible to write but can be given in a visual presentation face to face. What program is available to "write" this?
What is the tipping point of some successful marketing strategy?
What is strategic capitulation? How is it used?
How can I expand my business by SMO?
Why do some companies borrow money to pay dividends given that it does not seem to make much business sense?
Who are the competitors of Mindtickle?
Should I give equity, salary or commission to my product marketing person?
How do I make a review on any market product on the basis of business strategies or impact of communication?
What are some of the strategic moves that made American companies so successfull?
What rule changes would improve Monopoly?
What's the difference between Strategic Focus Areas and Strategic Initiatives in strategic planning process?
What is the best way to retain your own employees?
What are some real ways to make money online that make thousand dollars per month?
Is it important to have a exit plan before starting a company?
I did MBA Finance from Tier 1 B-School and joined TCS as Business Analyst-Strategy for a Banking Account. What are my growth prospects?
How do you convince someone to give you a second chance in the business scene?
When should a social app choose a circle of friends model over a following model?
What is the best sales strategy for magazine?
What is an ullage report important in business?
What are some combination strategies used in strategic management?
What does Adecco do? What processes do they use?
How can users be transported between different clients?
What does J.Crew need to do to turn itself around financially?
What can a company in the Indian steel sector do which has a debt beyond its re paying capacity?
How should a bank take advantage of brexit?
What are some examples of businesses that run themselves?
How do you start a business in an industry outside your immediate expertise?
I want to start a business but there are companies with the same or very similar names in a related field? Can I use the name if branding is unique?
How can Instacart justify paying their full service shoppers so much?
Why is firstrowsports.tv able to operate? Is it safe?
What is Apple's business model in 100 words or less?
Is investigative journalism bad for business given that powerful enemies are made as a result?
What should be sales strategy for high end sanitary business?
What is strategic planning of streets?
What would be some strategic challenges and synergies of a telecommunications company acquiring and integrating an energy utility?
How do restaurants scale up?
How do I build a business around my van?
What makes a business model unique and rigid?
Can snapchat be used for business?
How can I write a business program?
What does someone in "Strategic sales" do?
Do businessmen have to be secretive in order to fare well in business?
How do you ensure an organization and its activities are aligned with the companies “core values”?
I am doing industrial business in state level and want to expand in other state, what to do and how to expand?
How do you make money as a teenager working from home without scam websites?
Is eBiz a fraudulent company and brainwashing people through its MLM scheme?
What are the Pricing strategies in pharma?
What are some of the best business models of data driven platforms?
What is the most important first step before jumping into a business?
What business can I start in Labuan, Malaysia as foreigner?
What is the best business model if you want to run a profitable community garden?
What exactly is a Business to Business industry?
How does jet.com makes profit with current business model?
What are some components of IT support services for businesses?
How do I get customers?
How can the Bangalore Escorts help you to make successful business tycoon?
What are the strategic measure for success?
Who are KLMs meet & seat competitors?
How can you guess if your business will succeed?
Which businesses are most likely to become re-order businesses where costumers reorder as opposed to always having new clients?
How do I write the financial are of a business plan for a mobile app?
What made you to rethink about Amway?
Can I use multiple monetization methods simultaneously for my website?
What are your abilities that are different from your competitors?
How do you operate any type of hulls on a personal watercraft?
How quality principles can improve business performance?
What is the basis of a good PR campaign?
What documents do I need to ask from a legal entity in the USA to verify them as "business" in a website of mine?
Can I make any business connections in Argentina through Quora?
What are the best strategies to increase the business value in order to get a Series A funding?
Can stress be a reason not to expand business?
How do I determine an appropriate overhead ratio for my professional services firm?
What are some business challenges of 2016?
What is the best way to handle an unavailable partner in business?
Is Google loosing it's first mover's advantage in autonomous driving?
What steps would you take while working on new idea for a product? How does your path to market looks like?
Does Uberflip have any competitors?
What kind of software or internet tools do restaurants and restaurateurs use in their work?
What are some epic marketing strategies seen recently?
If explainer videos are so effective, then why don't more businesses use it?
What is the business model of justbuylive?
What do mergers and acquisitions bankers do?
What factors would you take into account while formulating technology strategy including location of r&d?
How are Dillard's mission statement important?
What is the innovative business model does Jet.com has?
How can we start our own business?
What allowed Pinterest to beat competitors and copycats when they were small?
What are things you should watch out for in your business?
What is Brainly's business model?
What are the main key points to get success in advertising business?
Why should a very successful company invest in a new landing page if they are already successful? What purpose would the landing page serve?
How do I sign-up offline customers to an online business?
What are some of the best case studies of a technology company successful entering a radically different foreign market?
What would a better Excel look like for business purposes?
How can I grow my business to international level?
How can managers ensure successful development of strategic capabilities of organizations?
What are the reasons why injunctions were used by business owners?
What do you mean by business facilitator and business correspondent?
Did your business plan help your business? Do see yourself using it in years to come?
What is the business model of Littleapp?
How do I expand a ukulele dropshipping business?
What type of laws prohibit consolidation, acquisitions, amalgamations, and mergers?
Is it possible to Microsoft overcome Apple and Android by its new business strategy?
I work with the banking & financial services business unit of a global IT firm. What would be your idea of a successful digital strategy for us?
Why might Uber not be succesful in India?
What could be the ultimate achievement of humans in the near future?
How will Maplesoft's acquisition affect Mathematica and Matlab?
I have heard about the KartCastle ecommerce solution, Can anyone tell me the services of kartcastle.com?
How does BNI helps to improve your Business?
Why are most chip-makers fabless, even the very big ones like Broadcom and Qualcomm?
What makes you different from your competitors?
How can fancy.com grow the business?
What is the best way to create a Porter Five Forces Analysis for a hotel?
What do you considered as effective strategies in order to convey your ideas effectively?
How is Biogen as a takeover target?
Why is Qualcomm's mission statement important?
What importance does environmental analysis serve in strategic planning?
What can be a good business model to operate a MakerSpace?
Common traits of most successful people like Elon Musk, Richard Branson, Sam Walton etc?
How did apps like Snapchat, Twitter, Facebook make money before monetizing their platforms? What kept their business running?
What is IQTell's business strategy?
It is wise for corporate parents to interfere in strategies of diversified group of companies?
How do I expand my dairy business in India?
Is 'Fake It Until You Make It' a good business strategy?
What strategies does Ladbrokes do differently than their competitors?
Where is the best place to get one-on-one guidance and advisory while I am managing a startup?
What are the key differences between a software business and a manufacturing business?
How I get customers for my sendcamps.com bulk mailing business?
Which are the best examples of companies with an amazing timing and multiplication factors?
Where can I get a compilation of innovative and highly successful marketing strategies of major companies?
What is the main problem that info product experts face when they want to grow their business? And what would be the best solution for this problem?
What is the best way to pitch a solution to a problem that most businesses don't know they have?
How do Starbucks employees feel about customers that frequent their stores on a daily basis?
What does the future hold for J.Crew as a company?
How do I make business presentation?
My technical co-founder seems busy with his job, our project stuck because of it. What should I do? Should I learn learn code too?
How is Starbucks financed?
What is the patent strategy behind major Chinese companies like Huawei and LeEco, which are aggressively expanding their IP portfolios in the US?
Is it a good idea to use data that is "correctly" classified by a classifier to re-train the same classifier?
If I were to launch a website that targets college students How can I attract local college students to check out the site? Growth hacks?
Are there any Argentinian business men interested in doing business in Apple products?
What is the most fundamental strategy for success in anything?
I want to open up an Apple Service Centre in my city. How to open it and what are the benefits?
What are the best examples/templates for a business plan?
What is the difference between the IP portfolio licensing strategies for Chinese and Japanese companies?
How did you manage/turnaround a dying restaurant?
What is the best approach to grow a startup from these perspectives?
Do some non-technical entrepreneurs work with product designers to design their idea to pitch to investors for development money?
Do you mention price while pitching a potential customer through cold email? What if your price is very attractive - way lower than your competitors'?
What are the possible steps to write a business plan?
How do I get first customers for IT outsourcing business?
What determines how long a company can survive with declining profits?
Why are businessmen so sensitive about information?
Can anybody help me to grow my networking business?
Should a business providing laptops to the Navy invest in SEO? What is the name given to these types of businesses? How do they find their clients?
If you would have some best strategies for Amazon, then how would you approach?
What is the business model of Quora? How are they making money?
India: Is it difficult to expand your company/startup internationally due to harsh Government?
How do I make the most of a business website?
What are recommended tools to manage a supplier that accounts for >25% spending and is of strategic importance?
Can you compare Musk, Jobs, and Bezos business strategies?
Which type of advertising required to help our business grow?
Who are the biggest competitors to Nurego?
Does the car business benefit from optimism and wealth?
When does it make sense to join Rotary clubs?
How do I attract small businesses to rent office space?
What is the customer value proposition in a business model (business strategy)?
What is the basic jewelry business strategy?
What is it really like to conduct a merger / acquisition?
Should most businesses starting today invest in some form of SEO?
How do I overcome the risk of customers waiting for your coupon offers to buy your product/service?
What does a back and forth conversation between an investor and a guy with a working app look like?
What is in an innovation report?
Who can I consult, perhaps an experienced iOS developer, to get input on an idea?
What are models of business I can follow?
Which decision making systems (SWOT, 5 forces, etc.) are actually used by major businesses?
What's the best way to identify a company's direct competitors?
What is the number one mistake web designers/developers make when talking about money with their clients?
What is the biggest challenge that the US will have to face within the next 4 years?
How does Fleetmatics business model work?
How one can make his business success?
What should I do right after getting a consulting offer?
What is fivethirtyeight's business model?
What is the most beautiful business model according to you?
What is Activision's mission statement? Why is it important?
How do I approach the TVF Team with my web series idea?
What is the main problem that affiliates face when they want to make your business grow. What would be the best solution?
Who invented business models?
What is the best business suit material?
Does it make business sense to consider Spain as a site for a biotech startup?
How was Scheels' mission statement established?
What is the main problem that startup owners face when they want to make their business grow? And what would be the best solution for this problem?
What fields and industries do you see booming and shaping up to require a 'craft that everyone needs, but no one does' in the next 5–10 years?
What methodologies exist to make strategic planning in a company?
Who are Flextronics competitors?
Is it ethical for me to leverage informational asymmetry resulting in a win-lose scenario?
How do I find coach for an e-commerce store model business?
Can I launch my startup without incorporating?
Why does railstrack does not expand?
How does everyone know my personal business?
How could Verizon capitalize its yahoo purchase?
Why is the US able to innovate so well?
Why are organizational strategic plans seem to fail?
Why is Prada's mission statement important?
What methodologies exist to make strategic marketing?
What business model would you use to successfully re-sell Jordan's?
What 4 topics would best fit in the header of an online media site that has a large amount of variety in its content?
What the relaunch of Megaupload mean for competitors?
How did Evan Spiegel market Snapchat in the early days? How should an app like Snapchat be promoted?
Should I guest post, advertise, etc on sites where users talk about my competitors? Or should I find other sites similar to my target audience?
Someone wants to take my business from me. How can I pretend him to do it?
What is the worst business model ever (not a particular business, the entire model)?
How strategically valuable are Yahoo and AOL to Verizon? Do these acquisitions make sense?
What can I do everyday to be more like Bill Gates?
Does Trump have plans to expand his business interest into Russia after his failed presidential bid?
How do I drive online shoppers to my ecommerce business?
What is the best ways to innovate?
Where do you currently think there are opportunities to start brand new open source projects that will also enable attendant business models?
What are the qualities of an irresistible description for selling my products online?
How do you make your business report about e-commerce?
What is the business model of prisma app?
What are essential skills of modern marketers?
What is the number one thing Reddit should do to improve its business?
What is Strategic Control? What purpose does it serve?
What is the simplest money-making idea to start with no money?
Do I need a lot of money to market my business online?
Is it advisable to use a free business plan for a business?
What has been your biggest challenge in the classroom?
What are the biggest money mistakes that small businesses commonly make?
How can I double my sales numbers without new customers?
Did Marissa Mayer write code in her early years at Google?
Can you explain for me what is strategic reserve time and how it works?
Why is the Strait of Hormuz considered a strategic location? What is its importance?
What is the best business model to follow?
What other companies would benefit by releasing “Master Plans” like Elon Musk's Master Plan Part Deux?
NRA selling goods via E-commerce website and using drop shippers from China, what are the tax implications, if I own (100%) C-corp in Wyoming?
What are some unpopular discrete publicly listed companies that have a competitive advantage in what they do?
Why do introverts make the best kind of entrepreneurs?
What are some examples of lousy business that cannot prosper even if they are run by good management?
What books would you recommend regarding the use of data in the corporate world?
What is the best way to communicate with my clients daily and keep them on the same page as me for my web development business?
Why should the cost of capital be considered by management accountants?
Which is the best book for business analysis in Indian Market?
How do you build a video monetization platform?
Which habits drain focus?
How do I start a profitable drop shipping business?
Where can I find examples of easy e-commerce businesses to start online?
What are some things to consider when you write a business plan?
What can I do to become more like Steve Jobs?
Can I become rich from a weird business idea?
How do I find and sell more to my most valuable customers?
Which companies are most threatened by Verizon's acquisition of Yahoo?
How can I find a Team for start up when everyone around me are not seeing bigger picture of the idea and are not interested in developing it?
How could Facebook take advantage of the Microsoft's Acquisition of LinkedIn?
What methods, tools, frameworks, etc. do you use to think about business strategy?
How does someone decidedly inclined to creativity & development find & work with someone decidedly business savvy & investment minded.
Did Marissa Mayer fail at turning Yahoo around?
What are some high profit margin products I can sell easily online?
How does an acquisition differ from a merger?
How can I get into Business Analysis field?
What is the best way to predict business failure?
How do I make an eCommerce website that deals with other eCommerce websites without the customer acknowledging them?
How can you expand your software business abroad?
How do I effectively approach an experienced business owner to make a business proposal?
What would make it so that five years from now Verizon would be glad it paid $5B for Yahoo?
What strategic acquisitions should Apple make in 2016?
What is a quick way to build a business empire?
What would be an example of a bad decision made because sunk costs were ignored?
Which is the best training centre in bangalore for business analysis (fresher)?
Why is there a large consolidation of banks when there are no economies of scale to be achieved?
How would l obtain an IP on integration technology?
Why might the head of your best division make a decision that was good for his division but bad for the company as a whole?
What are some best ideas for students to make some business in practical way?
How do I create a flyer that people won't throw away?
What's the fastest way to grow any kind of business irrespective of whether it is an online business or brick-and-mortar business?
Is there a precedent for a large company hiring employees (not C's) like in sports with elaborate contracts and opt-out clauses to avoid complacency?
What free accounting tools can I use to make sure my small business is on track?
What's a super simple way to grow my business's email subscriber list overnight?
Does Elon Musk's latest Tesla blog post mean that Tesla is positioning itself as an Uber competitor?
What marketing words can I use to instantly increase sales for my business?
What are some businesses I can run from my laptop with no money down?
Why does Elon Musk release “Master Plans?” How does this benefit him or his businesses?
How do I get a million people to connect with me on https://www.linkedin.com/in/flashpreviews ?
Why do my view counts get reduced?
What is a great resource for learning how to create a business plan?
How should fixed costs be handled when evaluating the segments of a business?
How do I do research competitors that aren't big publicly. Should I email them? How should I go about it?
How can I excel in BCG's decision round?
What should Microsoft do to further leverage the Xbox as part of it's other business units?
Based on your knowledge of strategy formation, how do the economic concepts in this course affect strategic planning?
My boss asked me my ideas and thoughts towards the company management. How can I prepare the answer?
What are strategic reward systems? What are some examples?
Is it necessary to build a business plan for an app? If yes, how do I make one?
Does Starbucks interview even when they're not planning on hiring immediately? I had a really good interview and this idea has been bothering me.
How do I make my online product descriptions less boring?
How do I make my own business empire?
Who will acquire Reddit.com?
Which other executives had something like Elon Musk's Master Plan and how did it work out?
How do I regain or boost my dying business?
What makes somebody successful in business?
When does it make sense to set an enemy as a business strategy?
How do I grow my business website's reach, exponentially, without spending a fortune on web services?
What is a super easy way to promote my business with video?
Is Meetup.com a market leader?
Can voicing my political opinion hurt my small business?
How do I know if my website influences customers to buy from me?
I got €400 as a gift from my parents. What's the best way to invest with this amount of money?
How can I avoid distractions working from home?
Are there any institutes/universities that provides 1 year or 6 months programme in entrepreneurship/Business strategies for engineering drop outs?
How Facebook and Twitter helped OTA portals and travel websites?
What is the uniqueness of Harley Davidson and Boeing when dealing with suppliers?
How can I sell my expertise online as a product?
Why hasn't Nintendo used a cloud service to host and distribute Pokémon GO?
What are practical ways to understand control cashflow for a small business?
I wish to pursue a career in Business Strategy or Brand Managemnt. What courses can I do which would help me with the same?
How can I price my products to make more than a million dollars in sales?
What are key features of B2C, B2B travel booking softwares?
Why is German small and medium sector (Mittelstand companies) so successful?
What are some business ideas that I can use to make easy money online?
How can your project team develop strategic thinking?
How does psychology influence business strategy?
Should I quit starting up if I can't write a business plan or doesn't understand most of financial terminologies?
What should Nintendo be doing to capitalize on the rapid growth of Pokémon GO?
Will accepting bitcoin improve my sales?
I need a business plan for a small resort. How do I get started?
How do I write a business plan for a taxi company?
How can you use your business plan to help you set priorities, establish goals, and measure performance?
When do Tesla and Solar City decide on their merger deal?
Should I stay in manufacturing company that has start up or should I look for another job?
What should a good business plan cover?
How did the earth expand?
What is a "piggery plan"?
Are you going to stop going to Starbucks after the price increase?
How can I cheer up my sad work desk to boost productivity?
To the awesome business owners out there that launched a successful profitable business from scratch with almost no capital. What's your story?
What are the most relevant source of earnings for Music Companies?
If a business sells other company high quality product, what kind of business strategy did they implement?
In what liquid financial instruments does Berkshire Hathaway keep its big pile of cash?
After geting a dealership of any product how we should expand it and what should be the steps for its betterr sell?
What is the most intelligent, yet brutal move in business you have ever heard of?
How can I become more likable in the business world?
How come my Indiegogo campaign is failing?
Who are some prominent tech entrepreneurs who failed massively at first but pivoted into great success later on?
Which is better- business standard or business line?
How can you create an international brand value?
If you knew you were being laid off in two weeks, what would you do?
What is strategic design?
What are the strategies companies used to make more revenue using math & economics?
What is the business model of NamasteCredit.com?
How can I make extra cash off of my Instagram account in my spare time?
What are typical TCO components of a SaaS ICT purchase?
In linkedIN anonymous profile views, there is a difference in anonymous profile displays. One says "Someone on linkedIN" and the other one says "This linkedIN member has chosen to be anonymous". Does someone know what the difference is?
How to stay productive after work?
What’s awaiting for SEO marketing while developing mobile website, in 2016?
How did Mattermark initially gain users?
What are Strategic Alliances and Joint Ventures? What are some examples?
Why merchant account is a key component for OTA portals to grow?
How might a manager organize his or her staff in terms of business processes rather than functional departments?
Is this a nice idea to create a review site business as a startup?
How can we improve our business through customized rental kiosks?
What are the mobile solutions for OTA, TMC, Tour Operators and Travel Agents?
What are the various possibilities in Mobile Marketing for the year 2016?
What is the best way to build a business?
What is clout's business model?
How do I create a business card that people won't throw away?
What advantages are there for starting your own business?
What is the business plan of Quora?
How can I gain practical experience in the digital marketing field?
A Germany based client once told me that Indian cos don't get strategy. What do you think? Do we get strategy or are we still shooting in the dark?
Can anyone make business out of Industrial IoT?
What is your favorite monetization model from social media sites?
I have an Amex Gold card. What can I buy and resell for a profit within a month to settle my bill in time and make a profit?
What words can I use to close a million-dollar sales pitch?
How can I mobilize my existing customers to sell my product?
What are the strategic advantages of applying to the HBS 2+2 program as opposed to regular admission?
What are the best platforms to get your business or service out there?
What's it like to work in crisis communication for high-profile clients?
How can I earn $50,000 from using Pinterest for my business?
How do I create a logo for my business that sells?
How does the loss of the company get borne by the founders if the seed funding was from incubators or angel investors?
What are some inspiring and successful business models of startups?
Personal Finance: How does a small business make a first sale?
Do you need an office to succeed in business?
How is core competency strategy better than generic strategies? (If better)
Under what conditions is sacrificing short-term profits to gain a leadership position in your market in the long-term a bad idea?
How do I start my own automotive service garage business?
How can being more likable make me a millionaire?
What are some shortcuts for being a successful entrepreneur overnight?
What is cost of booking system software to set up OTA for a travel agency?
What new business opportunities will be created by electric cars?
What's the winning formula to making videos that sell for my business?
How does blogging help with sales for my business?
How can I increase productivity while working from home?
Do I need to fail to succeed in business?
What makes a college-level business plan competition program successful?
What happens if you do not plan?
How can I promote my business on Reddit?
How do I determine my cost structure/rate if I want to start a web design agency? What is usually the method that generates the most monetary?
How do I make my business a Poké Spot or a Gym?
What is the difference between business function and business process?
How are industry index maps useful?
What are the eCommerce shopping trends in 2016?
When does it makes sense to invest in the long-tail instead of focusing on blockbusters?
How do I become a better boss overnight?
How do I make millions from YouTube no matter what business I'm in?
Why travel GDS systems is in great demand among agencies in Saudi Arabia, Dubai and ME region?
Are there any company/product Slogans that use a word from the company/product name in them?
How do I make a business plan for an B 2 C service providing application?
What is the best business strategy for software company?
What is Costco's mission statement?
What are the best websites to post my web design services and offers?
Given the changing nature of banking business model, should banks be less top heavy and more bottom heavy in terms of employee headcount?
How can I price my products in a way that motivates people to purchase?
How do I become a stock broker in India? Please provide complete guidance..
Why is telemarketing so hard?
Which theories and models of business strategy can the public sector best utilise?
Will Quora make me a partner if I propose a terrific idea that is relevant to their business module?
What is the porters 5 forces of mobile banking industry?
What kind of website does interestin.me domain lend itself to?
How can I decrease the time I spend in emails from three hours down to one?
Are you allowed to monetize a website you built using bootstrap?
Will business ecosystems become the foundation of tomorrow's competitive landscape?
What is strategy behind necter point?
What's the difference between leading and managing at a successful company?
How much money is needed to build a CFL bulb manufacturing business?
How do I make a business plan for socks?
How business travel management made easy through online travel booking system?
Is Linkedin's Premium plan service a good business strategy?
How can virtual communities create value for business? What are some examples of it?
What are some hot products that I can make fast money off of?
What is the secret for building a great team?
How does Quora Monetize Itself for Making Money Online? IS there any specific method for earning?
What is understood by strategic advantage analysis? What purpose does it serve?
Which foreign currency rate is considered to be the "most accurate"?
What does it take to own and operate an apiary?
Which one comes first in the planning process, VMV (vision, mission, values) or internal and external environment analysis?
How do I calculate the right price for managed hosting (TCO/ROI)?
How can I grow my business to making 5k-100k+ a month?
How can I expand or increase business for my mom's imitation jewellery business?
Why do night clubs let women enter for free and make men pay, and not vice versa?
Should I invest in a dedicated web designer and developer for my businesses? If so, what should I look for in them that will be worth my investment?
What are some habits I can develop to be better liked in business?
Why do e-commerce businesses move to omni channel business strategy?
What is LiveIntent business model?
What are the best and most convenient way to build an ecommerce website? I want to be able to style the site to its fullest as well.
I have this great idea, drafted a business plan and sent it to some investors. But in a week got no reply from them. What should I do now?
How does Amazon operate?
What constitutes a product launch?
How do you identify customers for business plan?
Who are competitors of Telogis?
How are the Internet entrepreneurs earning millions?
What frameworks can I use to create a business strategy?
How do I find out my competitors' advertising rates?
If you have a worldwide idea is it better to start it locally or start it in the US?
Is it harder for larger companies to innovate?
Dear Successful Entrepreneurs, before you were successful, how did you cheer yourself up when you feel very dissapointed about yourelf?
Which are some of the business lessons that can be learned from China?
Why is JCPenney failing?
What will determine the success or failure of Google Home?
How worried is Nike about Under Armour?
How can SaaS companies in crowded markets defensibly position themselves to stand out?
How can some rich people generating large amounts of money hide what they do for a living? Wouldn't their names be online somewhere if you search?
What is Yahoo's competitive advantage? If they could double down to create one, what would it be?
How would Apple's acquisition of Tidal impact Apple Music?
How can I expand my distribution business inexpensively?
How can business people improve their business acumen?
Is it too late and too saturated to start a web design/development company?
Why didn't Hershey accept the $23Billion takeover offer?
I have a new idea/business plan that has serious potential, however it requires the structure and users of other companies, what is the best approach?
Is Instagram a good starting platform to market a web design/development agency?
What is rivigo?
How do I monetize a geo-domain?
Why is Intel selling its cyber security business (formerly known as McAfee)?
What serves the customer best in a business?
Should the United States expand its reach or seclude itself?
When do an idea of tech startup turns into business plan or project?
I am passionate about green energy and am interested in starting a wind farm. What is the proper sequence of steps to follow to achieve my goals?
How do we sell our product with compete of existing competitors?
Why did Li Ka-shing say "cashflow is the most important thing"?
How can I turn 5 acres of Mango Farms into profitable business opportunity?
How does Google make money with Flights and how much do they make?
How does Airbnb’s strategy for dealing with regulatory threats compare to Uber’s?
How is spending determined on a corporate credit card?
What are some examples of a successful loss leader strategy?
I never meet my clients in person when I design logos for them. How do I get contracts done virtually with my clients so I can have something formal?
What is the most effective way to get new clients as a new freelance event designer/decorator?
How do I grow a business I have lost interest in?
How does Amazon’s strategy in India compare with Uber’s strategy in China?
What is the business model of ShubhRent.com?
What sets LawTrades apart from its competitors?
How do I build a million-dollar ecommerce/dropshipping company?
How do I create a business plan to reach a million dollars?
How do Colorado ski towns (Vail, Aspen, Breckenridge, etc.) survive economically during the off-season (the summer)?
What are the tasks of the strategic management department?
How important is UX/UI design when creating an MVP?
I am looking for advice on restructuring a small IT team. What are some good first steps?
Who are mediasilo's competitors?
Where can I list my business for free?
What is the best way (strategy) to spread a business in the whole word (all languages) that works like Ebay, (just connecting sellers with buyers)?
Are there enough F22s to make them a strategic threat to an opposing nation?
What are some free tools I can use to help my business manage customer complaints?
Which is the best way in e-commerce to let customer return?
Why is Tim Hortons so popular and well-received in Canada, and why haven't its expansion efforts into the U.S. been as well received?
What are the best tips for a new business?
If someone wanted to be an entrepreneur why did or didn’t he/she start their own business?
What is exactly Abra's business model?
What are the top Companies in business analysis in India?
Where can I learn a whole package of things that every entrepreneur needs to know?
Would it be fair to state that the Google empire is based on a card catalog?
What kind of business I can start with £10000 in London?
What makes your business stand out from competitors?
What types of social media contests can I run to gain 5,000 more followers overnight?
What is the best advice for a 17 year-old, first time entrepreneur?
What are different approaches to earning money with management systems / methodologies?
Which are some of the competitors of Google?
What are Jeff Bezos’ biggest mistakes as CEO of Amazon?
How can I get my business up of the ground?
What is the best way to develop a Business Plan Strategy for a Legal Startup?
What are some decisions made by tech companies that seemed like mistakes but turned out to be excellent?
Where can I find a B to B to C business plan template for a mobile app?
How does takeover and merger differ from each other?
Dear Quorans, I am a fresh graduate, desperate to go and do my own start up. Can you mentor me?
Does the ZendyHealth business model make sense?
What are the problems that hyper local startups face that makes them unfundable?
How can a Chinese medical device company Expand business in America?
How can I develop a business strategy in architecture industry?
What habits can I develop to work efficiently from home?
What is the business plan of delivery startups for online products?
What can I do to have an overview of new competitors continuously?
What would Amazon Echo have to be priced at to become a fully mainstream product?
What is a "strategic advantage profile"?
Do I have to incorporate an LLC in the US if I want to start an e-commerce business whose products sold to US residents? I'm a non-US resident.
What are the vision and mission of Palantir Technologies?
Will the Starbucks Coffee brand just keep growing, or will it ever stop setting up new locations?
How do you determine the exact value of your company when trying to sell your business?
How is corporate/professional life today different than it was 20 years ago?
Can I own a successful business if I'm a convicted felon?
What are the methods to develop the structure (hierarchy) of a company and to estimate workforce?
How much space do i give someone who is creating a business?
How do Troo.ly get access to the public's information and make a business model out of it?
Can I become a millionaire entrepreneur if I'm an introvert?
What is Youtube's business strategy regarding copyright protected content?
How should I determine a realistic sales projection for year 2 of business?
Is it possible to start two different businesses with the same targeted customers?
Is it better to trust the word of a agency that tracks business performance or someone who has actually used that business service?
Why do I feel the more morally corrupt you are the higher you make it into business?
What's the key sustainable competitive advantage LawTrades has over UpCounsel and the many other competitors in your space?
How do altenators operate?
How did Alibaba.com survive its initial years given that they did not make money during the early years?
How many policies has the Modi government repealed to make business environment better?
How do I expand my company without any major financial burden?
Which are some of the competitors of Youtube?
What should Starbucks do differently?
Is Hershey’s a good acquisition target for Mondelez? Does the deal make strategic sense?
How can Blockchain improve value chains, supply chains and strategic planning activities?
What should McDonald’s do to boost its declining revenue?
How do I standardize business processes?
What are the qualities of someone who runs of a million-dollar company?
In LE Eco Le2, is it not a disadvantange while the phone is in charging and you cannot hear music in earphones because of type-c port?
How significant is Cisco’s acquisition of CloudLock?
Which is the best business phone around 15000INR?
How can I make instant cash off of the health trend?
Which are some of the ways in which you can find mentors, consultants and advisors for a startup online?
Who are algentist's competitors?
What should Dell-EMC's product strategy be for the coming decade?
What are the biggest competitors to AWS globally?
What industries aside from technology are growing rapidly and do not requiere a lot of capital to enter into?
How do i get review for www.elluminatiinc.com and www.elluminati.in?
What are some strategies for cross selling within professional service firms? Specifically CPA accounting firms
What's it like to be an entrepreneur?
What should anyone without any business knowledge study/learn before thinking of starting a business in general?
Is Apple’s control of the App Store bad for the mobile app industry?
Why shouldn't you start a business if you want to get rich? How would you then get rich, without owning a business?
How can information help a business' organization?
What should i do next if I've created an windows app (with bugs,still need work) but its already selling itself without publicity(only a website)?
How do entrepreneurs know when to give up to stop losing money or to persevere hoping for a better future when the start-up is losing money?
Which kind of things should keep in mind while making a great business strategy?
What could be the unique competitive advantages for a new butler company?
What are the best ways to make business contacts during a business trip?
What should be the business strategy to run placement agency?
Why is tactical planning critical to strategic planning?
Should Intel buy Micron?
How can I add 10,000 more followers for my business on Snapchat?
Was Salesforce's $200 per share bid for LinkedIn a bad move?
How do I know if I should quit my job to pursue my business passions?
How do we convert projects into business processes?
What are Tesla’s biggest strategic mistakes so far, as of 2016?
What kind of reports do you look at first when you are asked to analyze and improve a business' performance?
Are companies going to start countering "buy one and get one free" refunds? Since then someone is basically getting a product for free?
Can I make money through Selling Super Hero T-shirts at a Comic Carnival?
What is fon's business model?
Did Google screw up by not giving Apple the concessions it wanted to keep Google Maps as the default Maps application on iOS?
How have you quantified the ROI of social media to grow your business?
What are some services that would do well with a middleman that would also act as an escrow service?
I'm currently a debt free person, should I expand myself financially and take more loans? Am I missing out on opportunities?
What were the drivers behind Shurgard's plan to expand rapidly throughout Europe?
How can I grow my business without new customers?
What are the important things to know before selecting business niche?
How can understanding your customers help your business?
Why did the starbucks change their mission statement on the half way?
When can one put "strategic planning" as a skill on Linkedin?
How do I get more than 500,000 subscribers to my business enewsletter?
What are some products that initially gained traction by being bundled into their future competitor's products?
How did you go from an idea in your brain to creating a real company? What are the practical steps you took? The plan, strategy, first sale etc.
Who are competitors of Webyog?
What does retirement mean to you? What is retirement going to feel like?
Why am I still working at Burger King after getting my Bachelor's in Business Administration?
What are the unique ways to connect with foreign new clients?
How do you decide how much of your company's code to open source strategically?
Who are the competitors of salefee?
What is big data? How is it used in business in practice?
Where can I download Michael Baye managerial economics and business strategy solution manual 7 edition for free?
What list of services should I consider when setting up a remote working environment?
How do I build fanatic customers for my business?
What is a full list of business competitive advantages?
What is the business model of Sundaram finance group?
Does a CEO see supply chain strategy as an issue which is not important?
What is the best way to increase a business?
How do I Forecast Sales for a retail business?
What should Slack do to be a significant threat to Facebook?
In what industries can the low hanging fruit of equitable social opportunity be found?
What should I know as a business development?
What do I need to know before making a startup for business?
Could tumblr have performed better had it not been acquired by Yahoo?
Who are Taulia's competitors?
What is the business model of freecharge.com?
How should insurers respond to the observation that many people feel that they don’t get any value from insurance unless they claim?
What are the biggest changes from ordering at Starbucks in the US and abroad?
Is the click farm industry really how it's depicted in Silicon Valley (HBO)?
Was it a mistake by Airbus to build the A380?
What are some good inbound-y demandgen approaches to attract large strategic enterprises (not SMBs)?
Who are the competitors of Asamer AG?
What is the difference between IT advisory and IT consulting?
Which major American companies have notably misunderstood the Chinese consumer market?
When is it time to quit my job?
What should I do to get an idea for my business startup and what startups should I try?
Have you got any business strategy tips?
Can I submit two business plans (decks) to the same VC?
How do I write algorithm for business processes for my business?
What are some well known strategic partnerships in Silicon Valley?
How has Quora helped grow your business?
Does the NBA or the NFL have a better business strategy?
What has been Apple's biggest strategic mistake since Steve Jobs' death?
What is CommonBond business model?
Was there a path to LinkedIn becoming a $100 billion independent company, rather than selling for $26 billion?
Can retail and subscription model work together?
What is the best strategy for growing a business with the goal of selling it in 5 years?
Is Google making assistants a priority?
What does "on the margin" mean?
Where can I download Michael Baye managerial economics and business strategy 7 edition for free?
What are some verticals that are dominated by a product that is objectively not the “best” product in the market?
What are the best academic publications, articles (maybe blog entries) addressing the growth vs. profitability trajectory (trade-off) of start-ups?
Am I wasting my time with my business idea?
What are integrated growth strategies? What are some examples?
Is it right to seek losses in the beginning of startup, to build a brand name (and avoid competition), then after a year or two, seek profit?
How do I get international clients for my business?
What's behind the DraftKings/ FanDuel merger and is it likely to be successful?
Who are the competitors of knowyourcustomers.com?
What is veniam's business model?
What is Facebook's strategy (June 2016)?
How long is the attention span of my customers?
Has negative yield destroy banks' business models? What are banks doing to adjust to this new normal?
What apps and tools do you use in your business?
Can I start my own business if I'm a felon?
How do i Quit the job and start the own business or Startup alone?
What are some good masters programs for Business Analysis?
What practical forms of business partnerships, like joint ventures or strategic alliance, exist? How do they differ?
What would it take for Netflix to succeed in China?
I have a great product, but having a hard time growing the business. What should I do? Find a partner with complimentary skills?
When should a startup invest money in fixing a costly single point of failure?
How do we retain a company's value, after a merger and acquisition?
What tools can I use to work smarter and faster for my business?
Will Walmart’s partnership with JD.com be significant for either company or the e-commerce space in general?
What is PINCHme (https://www.pinchme.com/) business model?
What are the benefits of strategic management?
Which companies are most threatened by Apple Pay's expansion to the web?
How do I step up my blog for my business?
Why are some online marketplace concepts are able to succeed internationally while others need to remain local?
What are the major aspects of mCommerce Business in Travel Industry?
What are the key features of Travel Technology Software Solution?
What are the three basic methods of integrating travel website to your company?
Which are some of the competitors of Pymetrics?
How can I use Snapchat for free business advice?
Why didn't Google/Alphabet outbid Microsoft and acquire Linkedin?
Where can I find inspiration for online business ideas?
How can I choose a low cost weighing scale to improve my business?
I'm a student of 12 class Can I make my business -principles of management project on a company who makes buildings?
How can I expand my voice range?
An Oxford MBA or an IESE MBA for a job in management consulting after graduation?
How can one run scholarship business?
What are some helpful podcasts to learn about money and business?
How does Snapchat's monetization strategy compare to other social media platforms?
Why do I need a blog for my business?
What is idealab business model?
What is the business model of Houssup?
What is the hardest part when it comes to growing your business ?
What is the business model of "the kabdiwala.com"?
What is the business model of salefee?
What type of jobs does an MBA get you?
Is social media the new customer service department?
What are the methods to assert ideas we target to make in to business?
What are some major companies that execute excellently on a mediocre idea?
Where does the term "business model" come from?
What challenges will Apple face in its expansion of Apple Pay to websites?
Does merger between similar companies have an impact on its employees?
What general business ideas can we learn from retailing?
How would the acquisition of SolarCity impact Tesla?
Am I being silly for being annoyed at having to make a business case for my job?
What are the qualities and skills of ‘an Ideal Boss’ from employees prospective that also help the business?
What major US companies have particularly bad PR strategies?
What are some habits that have made you successful in your business life?
How do I grow my technology business?
Which diagrammatic tools do you use most often for decision-making and strategy?
What is the difference between unit sales, unit sales price and the cost of unit price?
I like to start a small scale Textile power loom. My project cost is 10 lakh and Can I get loan?
What could Flipkart do to beat Amazon in India?
What does the sale of LinkedIn to Microsoft mean for Silicon Valley?
How do I expand the business of building materials with minimum investment?
Is there a good format for documenting business processes (workflows)?
Which knowledge is used for IT business analysis?
Does anyone ever build a tech company or product without wanting to expand it beyond its original vision?
What's your go to business model?
What can you add to a gas station that will increase in revenue (Ex.Car Wash)?
What client finding strategies should I adopt as a high-end freelance ebook designer with impressive samples?
How do artists get new clients?
Is Microsoft likely to use LinkedIn to drive the sale of its existing enterprise products?
What is a great plan to make an EdTech business grow?
How can I work harder?
Do I need to register as a business after purchasing a drop shipping site?
If a client where to ask you to evaluate their online business strategy, what would be the things you would do as a online business strategist?
How can you make a quick start in a dropshipping e-commerce?
What is strategic framework for long term value?
What sources do you recommend for learning about startups and business development?
What are some home-based business ideas that could make me a millionaire quickly?
What are some great examples of challenges being opportunities in disguise?
Is $3 billion too much for Verizon to pay for Yahoo?
Can I get an offer from MBB with a sub-3.5 GPA?
What are the most important strengths and weaknesses of a P2P marketplace?
How would you grow a business with flat revenue to a million dollars?
How can I make a business stategy?
Is there any purpose in estimating the cost of functional illiterate people in a society?
I am a convicted murderer who has served his time. Can I still build a successful business given this past?
What aspect should I look to improve if I have a business about distributing electrical supplies ($30mn annual sale)?
If I want to expand my business to other countries by exporting, should I consider everything on my own or hire an expert?
Should I believe in the mission statement of my employer?
Is June 2016 a good time for LinkedIn to sell, given the recent decline in their stock price?
How can I start a million dollar t-shirt business at age 19?
Is there a methodology for taking over another business code base?
Does Entrepreneur H Wayne Hayes Jr from Miami have it in him to become the next big shot like Donald Trump or Michael Bloomberg?
Was it a smart move for Bloomingdales to have a $25 off every $100 sale?
Is there anything unusual or bad about Tesla's goodwill agreements? Is it a wise policy? Is it good legal strategy?
How do I convince someone to make me something for free now, and trust that I will pay them back when I become profitable?
How will a market of SME's react to an 18 year olds Digital Marketing services as a freelancer?
What is the Business model of InnerChef?
What is the best financial and/or tax strategy for a startup company (ideally SAAS but does not have to be) you have ever seen?
Why is "highly addictive" and "will keep you up all night", and similar, openly advertised?
Is it possible to not have a MBA but become the CEO of a huge corporation?
By what means would I be able to expand my applications download?
How can I change my life from an employee to a business owner?
How do I promote my business worldwide?
Does gordan ramsay make business better?
What improvements could Google Sheets make that would have the largest impact on the product's popularity?
What is Zomato doing differently to its competitors that put them in the 'blue ocean'?
Which merger was a success in singapore?
How does Verizon's acquisition strategy compare to AT&T's?
How do you build your business on Capterra?
What are some of the most creative ways people have started a business?
What is the business model of yume inc?
How did businesses develop competitive advantage and their USP over time? Can somebody give few examples?
What are the company core values of the most successful companies?
Have you worked with someone who is good at both business and technology?
How do I offer outstanding customer service for my dropshipping business?
How much would a good GMAT score on the resume help in job seeking?
How do negotiations work when it comes to mergers and acquisitions?
What should be the basic business plan before opening a department store?
What does Microsoft's acquisition of LinkedIn imply about LinkedIn's likely growth trajectory? Did LinkedIn not have much value creation left?
How effective is Tesla's public relations strategy?
Does design play a role in your business strategy? How and why?
How well is Adobe doing as a company? What do you think about its future?
What themes in business require more research?
How do I expand the business of building materials?
Why many senior managers laughs when I mention some ideas from Porter's "Competitive Strategy" and Osterwalder's "Business Model Canvas"?
What is needed to make online grocery a viable business model given that food is perishable and logistics will be expensive?
How did Starbucks become so huge?
Do you have somen strategy management cases?
Which Business analysis certification is better BCS BA15 or IIBA CCAB ?
Where did you learn to raise money?
What is sodexo's business model?
If Verizon acquires Yahoo, what does that mean for Verizon's competitors?
Where can I get IT strategy and innovation strategy reports of financial institutes?
What is Slack's competitive advantage?
Can I expand my business in different country without an agreement of partners?
If a startup creates X value what percentage of X should it charge assuming it has no competitors?
How do I track business updates in the chemical and minerals space?
How big is the market for the Apple Watch? Could it be a mainstream consumer product?
What are the biggest corporate strategic blunders?
Why didn’t Facebook buy LinkedIn?
What's a good equity structure for a joint venture between a tech service company and a distributor?
What is cost to operate bbj?
What is a simple business plan to launch my tech product?
What has been some major mistakes by the biggest global brands?
What is OfferUp’s path to building a sustainable competitive advantage?
Looking back, should Microsoft have bought Slack in early 2016?
How does a gadget become a million dollar selling item? And when does it stay stuck in being a couple bucks gadget?
Could another buyer outbid Microsoft for LinkedIn? Who are potential buyers to outbid Microsoft?
Does Microsoft's acquisition of LinkedIn signal a Voice First revolution in business?
Balaji: Did Be Limitless resume operations?
How should I calculate market share for my company? I work in a company similar to Buzzfeed. We monetize via content marketing (branded content).
Why many e-commerce companies prefer cashback rather than discounts? What is the benefit and how does it work out?
Are there companies that help you license your software?
Could Facebook be a threat to Uber and Lyft?
Is there a such thing as oversharing when networking? What's the right balance?
For a business person, is it better be well rounded or really great in one area, or an expert generalist?
I have spent 10 years working on startups that have failed. I don't want to give up. How can I succeed?
Is it possible to make appreciable money from "Organic Farming" with a farm land of about just two or two and half acres?
What's the difference between Porter's 5 forces and economic moat?
How can I create a business plan in 30 minutes?
Why don't big companies innovate more?
What is distributed Scrum model? How does it work with offshoring?
What are the factors of motivation?
As of June 2016, is Nest likely for sale?
In strategic management, what is ethics?
How do I make business with harrods?
What are some free ecommerce solutions to sell ebooks online?
How do you build companies that can build track records rapidly?
What is the best way to manage small, fast growing business?
What is "wireframe" in business analysis?
Chris, what has been the biggest challenge of being a global company?
What is Gazprom's business model?
Who are Netecs' competitors?
Our church is planning a community afternoon.  I want to solicit donations from businesses: would you review/critique my letter/draft?
Who is Jawbone likely to sell its Jambox business to?
In what specific ways would buying a media company benefit Apple?
Who are ISG's main competitors?
Do mail order catalogs still make sense for certain types of businesses?
How could Barnes & Noble reimagine its store layouts to maximize value and competitiveness?
What are good online business strategies for a technically strong person?
Are forums difficult to monetize?
Does the acquisition of Monsanto make strategic sense for Bayer?
What should we do to increase our business?
How did you grow your business from a few hundred k per year to $1MM?
What is or how big is the impact for commercial vehicles the winning of the brand in motorsport championships?
What are some tips for people who suddenly get a huge income like Adele with Sony Music?
How are computers used in business and industries?
How can I begin to think bigger, particularly in business?
What are the pros and cons of starting own business after graduating college verses working at a large corporation for a few years?
How do I write a straight forward but detailed marketing plan to show my investor?
What do I need to know when developing a business plan for community project?
How does one legitimately conduct trade & business in or with a nation that has a kleptocratic, grasping government?
What are some major companies that failed despite having excellent business strategy?
How are strategic and operational managements different?
How do I get into strategy and business analytic when you have a business development background?
Why App Indexing is important for mobile application development?
How would you teach banking to an 18 year old guy?
I will sell chicken eggs in rural area, what should I do to make my business grow fast and be the market leader in less than 1 year?
What is the difference between a business plan and a business case?
How do websites like sentbuzz.com make $1mio+ per month?
Will GM, Ford and Cruise regret not partnering with Uber for self-driving car development?
How do I identify badly managed companies?
How do I expand my tours and travels business?
What are some major companies that are succeeding despite having terrible business strategy?
Which industries can we expect to be deregulated in the future?
What should be my first steps as a young person inheriting the company I work for?
How do I approach local businesses the right way if I want to work with them?
What could Microsoft have done differently to succeed in the smartphone business?
Who should I consider suppliers in case of fee-based Banking services (Except Loans), for preparing a Porter's Five forces model? The human capital?
What are tips for integrating large, acquired companies into an existing organization?
Is poor marketing the best barometer for a failing business?
What could Gett do strategically to better compete with Uber?
How do I find contacts to companies/incubators helping startups expand into Europe? I am looking for opportunities to help new companies expand.
In a local area where customers equate cost of product to quality, how can I grow my business while charging lower prices?
Does Elon Musk use first-principle thinking on a daily basis or only for big strategic decisions?
Which kinds of businesses can use "links" as part of it registered name?
How do you build a company like Quora, that gets backed by good money way before monetization?
What is the essential part of business?
What are examples of industry incumbents successfully partnering with disruptive new entrants to an industry for the mutual benefit of both parties?
What basic elements does strategic management have?
What's the story behind BPL (the British Physical Laboratories)? It was a popular brand in early 90s before the boom of brands or branding in India.
How is Aldi able to sell at prices so cheap that it even crush Walmart given that Walmart enjoys greater economy of scale?
How big a threat is Facebook to LinkedIn over the next 2–3 years — given Facebook’s new public Intro / Describe Who You Are sections of profile?
What are the different implications for companies between laying people off & getting them to voluntarily leave, one way or another?
What should be the best business model of online portal based business?
Is it possible to start a million dollar web service only knowing HTML, CSS, and JS?
How do I convince local businesses with terribly designed websites to pay me to make them a better one?
How is a global corporation defined?
What are some of Peter Theil's Theil Fellowship success stories?
What are the simple strategies one ignores while building their management teams?
What are the factors that contribute to the competitive advantage of India?
What could Groupon do to turn things around as of 2016?
What do you like about being a strategic or operational consultant? What do you dislike? What is atypical day like for you?
What makes certain malls more successful than others?
What were the factors behind Microsoft's smartphone business debacle (May2016)?
What is a statutory merger? What is an example of this?
What can be my best study plan for IIT JEE preperation from now? ( i.e., July 12,2016)
It is possible to emigrate to the US in order to start a business? I am a french teenager who wants to engage in business early!
What business model does wallapop use?
How to leverage the power of compounding interest for a daily income?
Which company could act as a "white knight" and acquire Monsanto by outbidding Bayer?
Business Owners: From your own experience, what factors / advice would you give to someone trying to decide what kind of business to buy or start?
Why don't a lot of people who want to be rich CEO and entrepreneurs go to school like Warren Buffett did?
Which is the best marketing strategy to promote an local business?
For an accountant with some knowledge of finance, what can I do to help transition into a role that is more involved in business strategies?
Using real examples, what is the least number of people you need to build a huge company without bringing anyone else on?
What strategy can my startup use to get up to 500 high schools to sign up for our coding and robotics boot camp within a year (developing country)?
How is The Honest Company doing with respect to product and market position momentum today (May 2016)?
Should Apple acquire Time Warner?
How can you keep your startup alive for over 1,000 years?
What are the great examples of business strategy?
What kind of business can you operate 24/7, especially so you can work a normal job and do your business on the side, & grow that business gradually?
Should Starbucks have a fast pass option, where a customer can pay more to get their drink faster?
Why does India have a competitive advantage when it comes to IT?
Who's bigger IRCTC or Facebook?
What was the business strategy behind offering WhatsApp for free? Wouldn't it make billions if people paid the dollar a year?
How do I create a first customer?
How can I make Marketing Automation succeed for my business?
What is the best way to test a strategic plan?
How should the Monsanto board respond to Bayer's takeover offer?
Will Volkwagen's partnership with Gett be a game-changer for either Volkswagen or Gett?
Is there a database to acquire public business models or plans?
Will Toyota's strategic investment in Uber have a significant impact on Uber's business?
What is your business worth?
For profitable traders: what is your strategy?
Why having a business plan is helpful?
Who are some of the people or companies that secretly own and operate the Internet?
What makes business really hard?
What are the problems with online movie booking?
I have a small business of recruitment with 12 employees. I want to expand the business. How do I do it?
What are my options if I want to go with an MIS for improving my business’s efficiency?
What could Sports Authority have done differently to prevent its bankruptcy?
How do you grow your business if everyone that sees the product loves it but then they don't buy?
How do I create a strategy for a webdesign business?
How have your business strategies succeeded so far in effecting positive change?
Why was Uber so successful vs. Lyft, Sidecar, etc.?
Can India build a billion dollar company around the concept of green buildings and sustainable lifestyles?
How can India solve the water problem through desalination?
Can India build a billion dollar company around SaaS-enabled BPO?
How have big companies like Dropbox, WhatsApp, etc found the big idea?
How do I find competitors for my app?
What are some best practices for choosing business partners for new product launch?
What is United Biopharma?
How does Google handle conflict between it's different ad products, like Adwords vs YouTube ads for example?
Is it a rule of thumb for corporate law firms not to take on whistle-blower case on the side of the whistle-blower?
I want to provide a freemium model on my website, how do I make money other than by advertising?
What changes or improvements would you suggest to help make your business/function more effective and less bureaucratic?
What business strategy should Twitter implement to stay relevant as social media platform?
How many different business agencies available?
What is the best way for Netflix to grow its business?
Is there a way to use water as a diplomatic tool in negotiating an India-Pakistan peace?
Are there competitors to zipwhip, Heywire in India?
What is the ols's monetization plan?
How do you know if your small business will be profitable?
When ecommerce domain has gone fiercely competitive, how mobile applications are helping in business growth?
How do you identify value drivers of a business?
What are the biggest opportunities in blockchain that are yet to be developed?
Who are the likeliest buyers for Playboy (the company)?
A few years ago someone told me I wasn’t thinking strategically enough. How can I be more strategic?
What were the factors behind the decline of Teledyne Technologies given that it was so successful under Henry Singleton?
Why Indians don't pay for online learning?
Which countries would you target to expand your ecommerce sales and why?
Does Starbucks headquarters have a Starbucks inside?
What is a multi-domestic business strategy and how is it implemented?
Is there any organization or company causing ethical problems as a consequence of cultural difference when they expand business to other countries?
What has been your biggest challenge in starting a company?
What is Jack In The Box's mission statement? How do they achieve it?
What are the competitive dynamics between Uber and Didi in China?
My startup trains high school teenagers how to code and build robots. What is the best strategy to get schools to sign up for our boot camp?
What Business Analysis techniques do you use to identify overlap or contradiction between requirements?
Do you plan on continueing with the AHCA?
Who provides technology and business strategy consulting to the top 10 US residential real estate brokerages?
How could the tax preparation industry be disrupted, if at all?
What are some competitors of Novati?
How do I operate TWITTER?
What are the importance of business strategy?
Can India build a billion dollar company around rural BPO?
Was there a time when billable hours were not business practice of legal firms? How did billable hours evolve to become standard practice?
How or where do I find passionate people eager to build large companies?
What's been the worst tech acquisition over the past three years, as of 2016?
Are the famous personalities joining Quora on their own or Quora asks them to?
What college majors / university (graduate) degrees involve the study of and lead to careers in ‘strategy’?
How do you monetize free information?
Was Alcoa wise to split its business in two?
What are practical examples that explain why usually global-scale companies are dubbed as "slow-moving"?
Why does Amazon Prime run ads for itself?
Are there companies that started up in less expensive (rent) geographical areas as part of a competitive advantage?
In a startup environment, can you live together with your team, or is it better to keep office and living space separate?
What could Radio Shack have done differently to prevent its bankruptcy?
What is the competitive advantage of Spoke software?
I have not been working since last 5 years.I was a softw engineer for 8 yrs. I want to switch to business strategy or finance roles. How do I do it?
Can anybody help me with a videomarketing strategy document?
Which major American corporation is most likely to file for bankruptcy within the next three years?
Why has Taiwan been  unable to produce a new generation of economic planning technocrats after President Chiang Ching-kuo?
How would you frame a company around high quality roads in India?
Why do bigger companies are spending so much of money on their logo?
What are the worst major acquisitions in the history of consumer Internet?
What is Google's go-to-market strategy and how do all of their products feed into it?
How can I sell my service-based business?
What are the steps I need to take between working on my business idea and executing the idea?
Is Stack Exchange still growing in 2016?
How would you frame a company around high speed trains in India?
What are your biggest technical and operational challenges in running your ecommerce?
How do I make an impressive business plan?
What are YouTube's main business goals in 2016-2018?
How does the current business environment differ from the eighties?
Is Quora's “About” definition of business incomplete?
As a new startup how can I convince customers I'll still be around as a business to service the 10 year warranty I give on all my products?
Who are the direct competitors for Quantifye?
How important is music business for Google/YouTube?
What sort of business processes are still mostly on paper?
How do I expand and organise my manufacturing business in India?
What is the best way to make a lot of money from a city that is beginning to become urban, without having alot of money?
Should Starbucks expand to offer largescreen video conferencing with people in other Starbucks?
Why can't engineering firms bill their clients by the hour like lawyers do?
How do you develop a mobile application for mcommerce vertical?
What are strategic implications and how are they implemented?
Which projects you recommend me to invent, create or invest if I've 1 billion in liquidity?
How do I build an in-app communication tool to boost my business?
How do I do a need-gap analysis in B2B for a 3 year old brand with 20 products in its portfolio?
Can India build a billion dollar company around Equity Research?
What makes an app survive in a generation with short attention span?
How do I expand my business if I do not have exclusivity on the product I sell?
How would you frame a billion dollar company from India around International Shipping?
What are some competitors of AKT?
Is Apple becoming like Google faster, or is Google becoming like Apple faster?
What can be done to restore American primacy in auto manufacturing?
Can you explain the transaction of a reverse merger?
What are the things to be keep in mind while starting product based business for successful growth?
How can I profit off the money/transactions of others?
What are some of the strategic steps a company can take to improve its liquidity?
Should a 20 year old founder replace himself as CEO for a more experienced person in order to close high valued contracts?
How is a demographic environment important in business?
As of 2016, how is Dropbox’s product momentum vs. consumer/enterprise alternatives? Are they improving differentiation or becoming more commoditized?
How do I improve my hotel parcel?
How does Donald Trump's success compare to that of most corporate leaders of significant wealth?
Does the presence of greeters have a meaningful impact on retail store sales?
What is business plan and their merits?
Is anyone in online news media and digital publishing profitable in 2016?
How can we Craft an effective corporate strategy for a company?
Can 'Money back guarantee' be a good alternative to 'Free trial' for SaaS pricing strategy?
Which service do you give to your clients?
What would be some practical strategies to compete with Credit Karma or Oscar Health?
What are the current financials of Energy Recovery Inc. (NASDAQ: ERII)?
How do I deal with a company who is copying each and every business plan of my company?
How should I present my business plan to airlines?
What is the difference between The Lean startup method and normal marketing research?
If your retail firm had $1 million dollars to spend to derive value from its data, what would be the best way to spend it? 
If you were to start or restart Affirm today what would you do differently and why?
Why did Amazon buy Zappos?
Why is it so popular to clone successful startups?
How do I made business with no money in hand without technology ?
Can India build a billion dollar semiconductor company?
What are the most interesting trends in millennial consumer behavior right now?
I am looking at pitching my laundry service to companies with approx 100 employees in bangalore. What can be the best way to go about it?
Is Sweetgreen poised to be the next big retail and restaurant brand?
Do I need separate websites for blog and products?
What is Crayola's mission statement? How does their brand live up to those values?
How do I react when incumbent tries to copy your business model?
What should you watch out when you incorporate in Delaware but operate overseas?
What is the best program to make a business presentation?
What are apple's strategy and communication to enter the enterprise market?
How do I get a startup guidance, to start working to create a startup company?
I've heard that if you start offering something for free and then lots of people try it that then you charge a product or whatever. Why is that so?
Has Steve Easterbrook's leadership been good for McDonald's?
What is the right attitude for a startup founder to face difficulties or even failures?
Should I focus my advertising to a "more narrow / highly targeted audience" vs a "more broad / less targeted audience" to increase website sales?
What are top 5 self-driven car rental apps in India?
Can India build a billion dollar software company around the Personal Digital Assistant trend?
Which types of companies love Domo and what do they use it for specifically?
How do I expand my business to become international?
What is the best way to go about creating a business plan for an existing company that has now grown to over 100 employees?
What will you do with DACA? Will you expand it?
What is the best Business Plan you have seen?
What's the secret sauce behind Facebook and Uber? Why can't their competitors copy their ideas at the early stage?
Is there any difference between Business Administration and Business analysis?
How can India build a billion dollar AI software company?
What should teen retailers do to better compete with fast fashion brands like H&M?
What should come first in corporate innovation - prototyping or business case analysis?
What is the best way to manage a startup while also working a day job?
How do I grow a network marketing business international?
What is some advice you can give on finding and attracting mentors?
Why did Amazon choose to lease 40 airplanes instead of buying them in 2016?
With ad block software growing, what other business models will businesses turn to?
How do I make my business become bigger?
What is strategic importance of India for USA?
Why did NVIDIA win the GPU market?
Why haven't more companies leveraged a blue ocean strategy?
Do you agree with the argument made by Nicholas Carr to support his position that IT no longer gives companies a competitive advantage?
What metaphors describe perfectly the difficulty of finding success in business?
Now that Amazon is profitable how will this affect their 'bias for action' culture & business strategy? Are the expectations different for management?
What is known about California-based Honest Company? Is it a 2016 IPO prospect?
Can the Starbucks mobile app be improved in a way that has significant financial impact on the company?
What will be the impact of Whatsapp's document sharing feature on Email services?
Should I migrate to canada or continue with my business? 
Does ServiceNow pose a threat to Salesforce.com as a formidable competitor?
What would be a good strategy to build a durable billion dollar SaaS company in Marketing Technologies out of India?
What are typical sub-disciplines of business strategy?
What is meant by a 'diagonal merger'?
Who are best competitors to bondedge?
How were Steve Jobs's failures important to his personal development?
What will be the effect of merger of banks on promotion of employees?
How can I measure the success of my business?
What are the limitations of military strategy policy and business strategy policy?
How defensible is Eventbrite's business?
What do you do when your expectations from your business plans are not met?
What side business can make you $1000-$2000 a week?
How could you innovate in the batcherlotte party industry?
What is the reason behind Instagram revamping their interface?
I'm becoming terribly cynical, how can I create a change in mindset?
Does Gaems have any competitors?
Why doesn't Starbucks open a branch in Pakistan?
Why is it said that travel industry is influenced by virtual reality?
What kind of business not only sustains, but serves as a primary platform for another business to survive & operate off of?
Why Tableau software shares are sinking?
What is known about Energy Recovery Inc. (ERI) (NASDAQ: ERII)?
What are some business plan for my final year presentation?
What's your number 1 piece of advice for success in business?
What is Strategic Security?
How can I make my own business while studying?
What is Townske's business model?
What business is the best business?
Can companies justify having an Endowment Fund using Swensen's Yale Model, that would be uncorrelated to their core business?
What are some strategic plan for a church to mission?
How can I build client trust for new business (especially: software house), without portfolio or with small portfolio?
What scientific concepts have you used to navigate through life?
What are some examples of top companies that people lost interest in their products and had to rebrand themselves to become top companies once again?
Is this M&A Professional Course (from NYIF on edx) worth it for an aspiring strategy consultant?
Why does Quora not monetize?
What is the business model of Homebell?
What will be your strategic plan about improving the economical relationship with India?
What is Market Realist's business model?
How did you grow your business after you were established?
Why 99.95% Of Entrepreneurs Should Stop Wasting Time Seeking Venture Capital. (see ref) What should entrepreneurs, founders, startup CEOs do instead?
Is extreme internal focus a leading indicator of organisational decay and eventual death?
What public companies believe in things that most people disagree with?
Are Apple’s best days over? What does the Q1 2016 drop imply?
I have a truly innovative business model, think Groupon before it was invented. How do I protect the idea and avoid copycats entering immediately?
Is merger actually a friendly takeover?
How does Bitcoin and Ethereum compare to other open source business models?
We are a B2B online recharge portal for mobile, DtH, bills etc. What are the ways we can increase our consumer base?
Why is the commodification of users' profile data so central to most online business strategies and is there a possible, less intrusive alternative?
Which is the best book to learn about Strategy?
What business model would be best to set up a European division of an already existing Japanese brand?
Subscription business - $2/mo with $1/mo going towards charity. How can I make this business model work as an LLC or otherwise?
What is the smartest business move?
Amazon Targets Food Delivery Startups on Their Home Turf. (see story ref) What should food delivery startups do?
What are the deviant ways to develop and grow IT business?
Why doesn't Apple split into two companies, with one company focused on hardware, and the other on cloud and online services?
What are some alternative ways to succeed in business?
Does a restaurant make money from free drinks if it limits its ability to turn over tables?
How much capital is necessary to create a start-up (not software related)?
When does a Loss Leader pricing strategy become 'predatory' and unethical?
If a person has multiple liquidated or dissolved companies in the past, is it mandatory on him to inform his clients, strategic partners about it?
How do I drive retail sales?
What is KRU studios competitive advantage?
How does Amazon's business model work?
What is Diageo's mission statement?
I have $500 in my pocket. How could I make $1000?
What could Microsoft have done to make its acquisition of Nokia a success?
I recently got to work with a wealthy billionaire on a small project, what business offer should I propose to him to get me some longer term benefits?
Would it be a bad idea for Uber/Lyft to offer a moving service in addition to their current ones?
Are there any certifications for corporate strategy professionals?
How is Caviar's business model different from GrubHub's?
I have a great idea for a big & well known company to grow its business even further. I dont work for them & no connections. How do I approach them?
Which digital channels would be best to use in order to create a marketing strategy for an arterial stiffness product?
How do I make a business plan for rice retail shop?
How will the increasing adoption of ad blockers affect the ability of startups to become profitable?
Which is beneficial to invest for expansion of  the business or improve the standard of  living?
What is the best way to keep tracking the efficiency of each channel partners in multiple channel sales?
No signs of sharp turnaround in Indian economy in FY17. (see ref) What could be a viable turnaround strategy?
What are the best approach to business risks?
Which person that is alive in 2016 achieve the most things that changed the world?
What challenges have you encountered when implementing the Lean Startup methodology inside a large enterprise?
What is an assortment plan?
What business negotiation strategy did Bill Gates and Steve Jobs use during the IBM meeting in the 'Pirates of Silicon Valley' movie?
Which brick-and-mortar retailers have done the best job competing with e-commerce companies like Amazon?
What are the major differences between how biotechnology companies and computer software or hardware companies operate?
Is it a wise business decision for Twitter to stream NFL games and other live events?
What are the necessary skills/traits to look our for when hiring strategy consultants?
What is your opinion on giving most of a new business' ownership to your business partner?
What are key lessons learned from Microsoft's acquisition of Nokia?
Who Is the competitor of Safefunds?
What are the expenses we've to keep in mind while starting Web startup?
Creativity and innovation improved when executives focused on learning rather than results. (see story ref) How do you focus on learning? 
Can a business concept be sold?
Can I get into business strategy after over 10 years experience in software development / engineering? 
How can companies adapt to the chinese market?
What verticals are management consulting firms best able to provide value to?
Can holacracy work with Apple level secrecy?
Is franchise included in business plan?
Can Microsoft Compete With Amazon In The Cloud?
How do I determine share of voice for a brand?
What do you mean by business plan and what are its advantages?
Is it a good practice to setup a cafe/restaurant before hiring Chefs for it?
How does Trovit work? What is the business model? Basically how does it make money?
Who are the competitors of keynotopian.com?
Who are LivePlan's competitors?
Are you a developer who is feared of Artificial Intelligence?
How do you increase invites in an organization for a SaaS product?
What are the most important characteristics of a true business person?
What is Victoria Secret's mission statement? How has this mission statement changed over the years?
What is a business model and what are the key ingredients of a business model?
What is wikistrats business model?
How big a threat is an Apple car to Tesla?
What is the competitive advantage of San Miguel Corporation?
Which major technology companies have particularly bad acquisition strategies?
What is the best way to make a bussiness plan?
Investors,  experts, analysts, successful entrepreneurs: Where could founders, startup CEOs get critical strategic feedback?
What is oyo's business model?
How can mid-sized business find good, affordable management consultants?
What was the motivation for Google (a software company) and Apple (a computing devices company) to compete in automobile industry?
What is Solar City's business plan?
Investors’ stinginess is forcing startups to cut costs, fire workers and accept more stringent terms when raising money. Any suggestions?
What should a small business do if it's making zero economic profit?
How does Peter Thiel backed Deposit Solutions make money? (The open architecture platform for retail deposits)
How important are business analysis cources?
What are operational aspects of a business plan?
How a Loss making firm can convert to Profit making firm by using production analysis, cost analysis and revenue analysis?
Why are couples a good target market for businesses?
How can you handle disobedient employees?
I have a business plan in prototype and I just found out that Bill Gate has invested more than $240 million on a similar project, what should I do?
Is it true that, had it not been for TCS Tata group would have filed for bankruptcy?
What are ways to bring up multi level marketing to the cold market or complete strangers?
Is Apple Pay Considered Successful?
How to use App Development As A Business Strategy in 2016?
How do you create business processes in your business?
Which Bay Area company has the best finance team?
Should a company's mission statement be legally revised?
In your perspective, what should Vietnamese entrepreneurs/companies/government do to not lose the selling goods battle in their home?
What are some ways that stagnant productivity might impact industrial organization and business strategy?
What is Old Navy's mission statement? How does the company live up to it?
What is Y Combinator's sustainable competitive advantage?
What does learn to say no in business mean?
What is SV Angel's sustainable competitive advantage?
If I leave a startup after a year (because I wasn't compensated) can I join/start a competitive startup?
What is Microsoft's sustainable competitive advantage?
We are a B2B online recharge portal for mobile, DtH, bills etc. What are the ways we can increase our consumer base?
I have a truly innovative business model, think Groupon before it was invented. How do I protect the idea and avoid copycats entering immediately?
How does Bitcoin and Ethereum compare to other open source business models?
What is Amazon's sustainable competitive advantage(s)?
Why is the commodification of users' profile data so central to most online business strategies and is there a possible, less intrusive alternative?
Does Netflix have a sustainable competitive advantage?
What does the strategic level of ELA certificate mean in logistics field? Is it important?
What is Audible's business model?
Why would you create your own business?
Why is market share important to a business?
How likely is it that Apple will acquire Dropbox (as of April 2016)?
What is the difference in how the macro business environment for the internet developed in China and in the US?
As a management accountant, what skills should I learn now to ensure I stay relevant in 10 years?
Subscription business - $2/mo with $1/mo going towards charity. How can I make this business model work as an LLC or otherwise?
Amazon Targets Food Delivery Startups on Their Home Turf. (see story ref) What should food delivery startups do?
All these newly minted paper billionaires are being created and none of them have French or British accents. (see ref) What trend are we seeing?
Why doesn't Apple split into two companies, with one company focused on hardware, and the other on cloud and online services?
I need to convince clients to make two changes. In what order should I present them?
What are some alternative ways to succeed in business?
Was the tofu option offered by The Flame Broiler closer to a success or a failure?
What are some good courses to learn Corporate Strategy?
What types of public companies are particularly hurt by having to report to investors quarterly?
How do I drive retail sales?
Me and my friends are creating a online platform (website) to bring all psychologists at one place. How can we create a business plan and better team?
Who are indeed's competitors?
What factors made Gujaratis overtake Marwaris in doing business?
What are the biggest challenges for tech startups in Nairobi and Kampala?
What is the business model of Vitol?
What is Diageo's mission statement?
What is the future of Theranos in light of the proposed FDA Ban?
How does Amway's business model operate?
What is the origin of the Louis Vuitton mission statement?
Are there any certifications for corporate strategy professionals?
What is Morgan Stanley's sustainable competitive advantage?
Where can I get best guidance for a new business strategy in Sydney?
If I can't retain customers. Should the focus be more on products or service? Why?
What makes your business grow?
What are some of the online marketplaces that a CxO level individual providing consulting services should be signed up to?
How will the increasing adoption of ad blockers affect the ability of startups to become profitable?
What is Seamless' sustainable competitive advantage?
No signs of sharp turnaround in Indian economy in FY17. (see ref) What could be a viable turnaround strategy?
When companies adopt internal code names for projects, how do they implement them and ensure everyone uses the code names?
What is uncrate business model?
What is the best example of a Turnaround report and what are the data usually displayed?
What is your sustainable competitive advantage?
How is Shopify's business plan and model? And which are the differences with Magento's one?
To what extent is Facebook Messenger (and other alternatives) eating away market share from Venmo?
What is the business model of CredR?
What is the business model of Britannia Industries?
What is the number one reason for success in business?
Do Airmule, Grabr or their current or future competitors have a viable path to creating a sustainable competitive advantage?
I have good software development companies in Vietnam with 40 software developers, but stuck at marketing process to generate leads, what I should do?
What is known about Scotland-based Skyscanner? Is it a 2016 IPO prospect?
Creativity and innovation improved when executives focused on learning rather than results. (see story ref) How do you focus on learning? 
Is RD&I activity growing or losing importance for the following years on corporation's priorities?
How do you create marketing content for personalised products?
How can I tell whether I am being used or not in a business relationship?
How should startups handle rapid growth in business?
NFL and NBA players are getting into the game of tech entrepreneurship. What trends are implied in this phenomenon?
Are reduced wages on Wall Street due to current economic conditions or a sign of something more permanent?
How do you compare market research, entry & growth consulting firms in emerging markets?
Do quarterly earnings release requirements ever influence public companies to make bad decisions?
What is Dropbox's sustainable competitive advantage?
Where can I get Google's business plan?
What is Blackberry's sustainable competitive advantage?
What is Snapchat's sustainable competitive advantage?
Strategies to initially provide B2B SaaS for free to create users, collect feedback, improve, then charge money?
Which companies should be investing a lot more in data science but aren't?
Does it still make sense to make IT investments in Bengaluru in spite of Hyderabad having better roads, less traffic congestion, stable government?
Which last mile delivery company has a sustainable competitive advantage and why?
What is a business model and what are the key ingredients of a business model?
What is the business model of schoolkart.com?
Where would you suggest an entrepreneur, founder, or startup CEO spent his or her next $50?
What are your strategic expansion plans for the next five years?
How much revenue and net profit do small businesses generate on average (especially, individually)?
What opportunities are there to make money in the solar power sector?
Should business plan forecasts be aggressive?
Should Verizon buy Yahoo?
What can I do to expand my business of brass products manufacturing?
What is Twitter's sustainable competitive advantage?
What is Pepsi's competitive advantage?
Who are Projectmanagement.com's competitors?
Investors,  experts, analysts, successful entrepreneurs: Where could founders, startup CEOs get critical strategic feedback?
What is oyo's business model?
When should i consider  printing a business card?
What are the main strategic business units of Virgin Group?
What is Bank of America's sustainable competitive advantage?
How can mid-sized business find good, affordable management consultants?
It seems bureaucracy and worker monitoring has gone too far. What is the solution to this?
How can Apple improve in 2016?
What are the best Business Development techniques for a Security Manpower supply company?
Who are the competitors to ElasticBox?
Does there exist a job in business and entrepreneurship where one simply generates innovative, original and promising business ideas?
What is Postmates' sustainable competitive advantage?
I work in one of the PSUs in Delhi and save around 25k/month, how and which business would be advisable to start?
What is Cisco's sustainable competitive advantage?
Which country would be in the most convenient position if they decided to expand?
What would be better for executing a business idea, an incubator or angel investment?
What is Alphabet’s current strategy focus? How does it affect its financials?
What is Jet Blue Airline's mission statement and how well do they do in fulfilling it?
What all things you should plan before moving from a corporate job to business?
Netflix seems to be encountering competition from Amazon. How is that impacting their financials?
I have a business plan in prototype and I just found out that Bill Gate has invested more than $240 million on a similar project, what should I do?
How does Instacart differentiate itself from its competitors?
What business strategies would help the upstairs retail store sales everything everyday?
How to use App Development As A Business Strategy in 2016?
What are the best methods used to determine if a business idea is worth pursuing? Do you use Porter's 5 Forces? SWAT? Experience & hunches?
Which companies have the most effective Snapchat presence?
What can Tally software do to make a business run more efficiently?
Are we in a world that all businesses can succeed if managed correctly?
How sticky is Slack’s enterprise customer base?
How can a Start up protect their product (web and mobile application) from other big companies that can easily replicate the same features?
What is ubrew's business model?
How can I make my business grow?
How can I find a co-founder for my platform?
Is strategic decision to ask devs and entepreuners to build for Facebook? What is the truth behind f8?
Why don't private military companies sell their technology to the highest bidder?
How do you deal with copy cat competitors?
What is the criteria for charging a client for developing his business idea into a business plan?
What are some avenues for a healthcare professional or an aspiring healthcare professional to pursue in order to become self-employed in that field?
Who is a worldfirst competitor?
What have LinkedIn's biggest missteps been?
Have anybody performed a GE McKinsey matrix?
How do I get lapsed customers to come back?
To what extent is the Cruise Automation acquisition likely to make a difference at GM? Aren't key employees just going to leave?
What have been Donald Trump's business successes?
What are current financials of HelloFresh?
What is Cadbury's mission statement? How does the company live up to their goals?
If the end goal of my company is acquisition, would it be smart to register it in a low tax location (rep. of Cyprus, HK) and if so where? I am of EU.
What do you think about Starbucks new deal?
Which strategic partnership can a wellbeing & beauty retailer have aside from bloggers?
If you had the investment to enter mobile industry, how would you position your mobile to compete against Apple, Samsung and HTC?
Does CVS Health's integrated PBM / retail business model give it a significant strategic advantage?
Is it difficult to do a business plan?
What is the best form of strategic Planning for my company?
What are current financials of TubeMogul?
What is the best Business program for all businesses?
Would a CEO rather take the reins of a company in transition after strategic planning, or before so they can help steer the company strategy?
How much do you make doing corporate strategy?
Is private contracting a strategy used often by hardcore business people?
How essential was the Caremark acquisition to CVS's success?
What are some good outreach strategies to research and find international blogs/websites/partnerships to increase international traffic to my website?
How effective is using slope analysis for analyzing product sales velocity? Are there better methods?
What is Walmart's targeted payback period on its average new store opening?
What are current financials of DoorDash?
What are some strategies for long-term capital management?
What are the ten best business advices?
As the majority shareholder and the owner of the app, How can I boot my useless co founder out?
What is Pure Storage's competitive advantage?
How can I expand a transportation business into new countries?
What is known about Cloudera? Is it a 2016 IPO prospect?
How do you sell Versace for profit?
How gethomemade.com bussines model work? 
What changes (economic, technology, science, legislative, etc) will likely create new opportunities in the coming years?
How is the Burger King / Tim Horton’s merger working out as of 2016?
Given the NBA's acceptance of analytics, what are new ways to use analytics and still maintain a competitive advantage?
How can a company create value?
Who are competitors of Duetto?
What changes should Apple make to the App Store?
How is bilateral relation different from strategic partnership?
Where do SMBs go for thought leadership?
What are some great personnel differentiation?
How can I strategically start a courier service with little cash?
Which unicorns have the least cyclical business models and why?
Which US-based fast food concept has translated particularly poorly overseas?
What is the best strategy to manage college and a small business?
Who is behind f6s, and what is the business model?
What is the business model of Guthry Renker?
How do I make a business confidence index for a particular industry?
What is the best uk business analysis qualification?
Is business strategy an independent industry?
What 7 things guarantees business failure?
How do you skip community college and jump right into big business with your own business, being a business owner?
Is bullshit an unavoidable byproduct of people competing for scarce resources, or is it a result of deliberate choices?
What is the business model of Minance?
What is the business model of dunzo?
What is DSW's mission statement? How do they strive to achieve it?
How do people stay informed on game theory?
How can I make partnership with architects to grow our business as a design and strategic marketing agency startup?
What differentiates your product from the competitors?
What should I include in the role definition and team structure to manage business strategy and planning for a very large business unit?
If secret innovation programs like Lockheed's Skunk Works and Google's X lab are so effective, why don't more companies have them?
What is Walmart's strategy in the consumer healthcare space?
What's the best force in Porter's five forces used in Information system investment purpose?
The CEO, no one inside the firm is responsible for the marketing function. What factors should the CEO consider in designing a marketing organization?
What is the best business program for computers?
What is the history of Red Bull's mission statement?
What is MinuteClinics' strategic value to CVS?
How do I make a business plan that will attract financiers?
Which is the best way to assess competitive advantage?
I am a founder of a QA services company in India. What should I do to get clients? Whats the best way to get clients?
What is the most innovative fast food chain in the US?
Who are Koemei competitors?
How do you capitalize a business on small business advice?
Where can SMBs get help on expanding into specific global markets?
Why the companies which create some value are often unable to capture it?
I want to do business when I grow up. Should I open a business firm or just become a CEO(or come to any other really good position) in a good company?
How does operational capacity analysis at a nonprofit organization affect its strategic technology planning?
How can I hire people to run my business without them starting their own in California?
Is design a good business strategy?
How can I expand my sweet shop business?
Is there a tech partner available to Barnes & Noble that would help it compete with Amazon?
Can I get a list of best IT and business solutions service provider companies in Mohali?
Should I buy business plan on teespy.com?
There are two ways to expand your business in overseas, through making subsidiaries or branch office. Which one is better?
What is the fast way to sell brand new hoverboard?
How do I PROVE to leadership that strategic planning is critical?
What is the EUTR and how does it affect me and my business?
How do I make business my hobby?
What will be your strategy/advice to get success in life?
How long did it take you to write your first business plan?
What changes in corporate policy (e.g. capital structure, capex, payouts, etc.) might a sudden increase in the domestic exchange rate trigger?
When is the right time to approach angel investors?
What is the business model of an on-demand delivery services company?
I want to grow my business in solar industries in Tamilnadu, where do I start from?
I have a business plan. How can I check whether it is feasible or not?
What are the key factors that enterprise customers look before committing for a long term IT contract?
How do I shift from sales to business analysis in India?
How can data analytics be utilized in leads generation and prospecting?
How can I make my business, roasted chicken with my signature gravy, more marketable in Australia considering that It isn't a gravy country?
What is PSM model business market?
What is FabHotel's expansion strategy?
Which merger has been the most unexpected merger of companies in global market?
How is economics used in business?
Already there is a big strategic planning on river linking system why governments are not taking initiation being India agriculture based country?
How obtain a business plan for a well known startup that made it already?
How do I take my business Global?
Should new companies limit themselves to the number of service providers they use, or be exponential for exponential success?
Which developed countries are more receptive to immigrant entrepreneurs?
What are the most important things in a business plan when approaching a VC? Should one customize the business plan based on the VC?
What CEOs of tech companies could do when layoffs are inevitable?
Why do companies bundle unwanted products such as land-line phones and TV channels with Internet service?
How does/will Society6 differentiate itself from its competitors (RedBubble, etc.)?
Strategy: What is the difference between core competencies and distinctive competencies?
Who are Urbanclap competitors?
What is a big enough total addressable market (TAM) to be attractive for venture capital investors?
Can decision making be taught?
What is known about financials of Anaplan? Is it a 2016 IPO prospect?
Should one should tell about strategies to our competitiors?
What innovation, if any, could help physical retail stores stay relevant and maintain market share?
How should eel-tasting catfish be marketed?
What business problems can business analytic solve for small to medium size businesses?
How do I boost my Recharge business for more profit?
What is your growth plan for the content and media business? How does M&A fit into that plan?
What are some of the best ways to quickly grow an IT business which has stagnated?
Are there system dynamic models to research strategic management and controlling of healthcare providers (e.g., hospitals)?
How do agencies use Hootsuite to schedule posts for a large number of clients?
Which course is suitable for business stream with high salary?
What types of people, teams and networks do you think you need to start a successful business?
What was the business strategy behind the Brazilian media conglomerate GLOBO?
How do I write a business plan for a startup which is designed to use the freemium model?
What is the best way to do business with YBP library services?
How can companies "position themselves at the intersection of digital and physical" to maintain relevancy in the midst of growing interconnectedness?
What are fundamental necessities for nurturing a successful umbrella company?
How important have new product features been to Facebook's growth and ongoing popularity? If so, to what extent are Twitter's growth problems related to a "stale" product?
What is the marketing mix of Starbucks India?
What are some tips on how not to get sued when selling private label products on amazon?
What are the advantages or disadvantages in having  pen names when writing books in 2 different genres?
How did HotelTonight get their first 10k users?
How can I make my father understand he needs to delegate if he wants to grow the business?
What are some good decision-making methods?
Is the price competitive advantage strategy always a success?
Decision Making: How does one become a faster and better decision maker?
What's the process of transferring various ownership interests into a holding company?
How can you invest in humans and make a good profit in return?
How much a Facebook or Twitter like is important in increasing company's market share?
Why is Richard Branson selling Virgin America?
How do Google, Apple, and Microsoft compare with each other in terms of business strategy?
How can we make business school a platform for companies? Examples?
How do you deal with competitors?
What was Parlio's revenue model and how will Quora monetize from it?
Are there any similar datasets to the "Canadian Workplace and Employee Survey (WES)"?
What is the business model of dineout?
How should firms respond to a sudden drop in sales?
As an innovator/entrepreneur I'm scared to delegate work because of knowledge leaking, how can I best manage this?
How does Baidu make money? What are Baidu's current financials?
What if I want to start a business of selling things, where can I get and how do I get the products to sell?
How can a doctor build a competitive advantage? Like businesses do
How is Starbucks classified as a company? Is it considered public?
How do you manage your cost during business expansion?
Why has Intuit fared better in the internet age than other traditional software companies?
What is the best way to get a new client's attention?
Will Pandora be able to convert a significant portion of its free internet radio users to a paid monthly subscription streaming service?
Why is fintech such a hot topic nowadays?
What skills do people acquire at management consultancies like McKinsey, and how can I learn them?
What is the backbone for every industry?
Which was the first company to be funded by shares or direct public investments, in world?
How can Nike shipping policy be good for the business?
How can I make my business to pay for my daily necessities?
What is the business model of Minibar, or similar organizations?
What is the best Business program?
My product is service. Just starting B2B company. What can I do to make my business website very popular?
If you could take over all of the real estate sold by an industry, and then move on to take over the services provided, would you? Or vice versa?
Udacity and Coursera are heavily funded. How do their business models and their financials look like today? 
Can novelists make meaningful $ by doing strategic partnerships (like cosmetics, which you've done)?
Business idea: What do you think about my idea?
Are there examples of business structures aimed towards irresponsible people?
How important is a business plan for our business?
Business: Was Andy Grove right when he said that "lower Asian costs masked the high price of offshoring as measured by lost jobs and lost expertise"?
What is the difference between a business plan and an offering memorandum, and what is the purpose of each?
How can cost as a factor provide competitive advantage for a business? Explain with suitable examples.
Have you had good results using Jay Abraham's marketing and business strategies?
What are the competitive advantages of samsung?
As a seller on Amazon, what are some tactics to "buy right" from a supplier?
How could I expend the business to Southeast Asia?
Will being a 5' 5" male hinder my success in business?
Why companies don't move their headquarters in the cheaper South Europe?
Why isn't Elal, Israel's airline, expanding and offering flights connecting in TLV, like turkish airlines for example?
What is known about Ping Identity? Is this identity management company IPO ready?
How does an ideal de-central business setup look like?
Should a business plan be made for a company or a product?
Having an investment strategy, prevents investors from losing money?
What is Craigconnect's vision and execution strategy?
What is greenblender business model?
What companies have a mobile first strategy?
How would I go about selling my product before I have actually had it manufactured?
Funding: What are the best resources (online or offline) for learning to create an amazing pitch deck?
What has your company done to overcome the burdens to the current oil and gas downturn?
Do you think Dean Ambrose is best for business?
At what stage should you publish your startup on AngelList?
What are the best ways to ask an entrepreneur/investor for feedback on my startup idea?
How are large companies creating business plans today?
Would anyone like to write a business plan for a dating app? How long would it take you and how much will you charge?
Should I continue with Testing or should I shift to Development or Business Analysis?
McDonald's (fast food chain): What factors does MacDonald's consider while selecting a store location?
Can you write off business expenses incurred internationally for a foreign business owned by an American?
How do local review sites Yelp, Thumbtack and Angie's List stack up financially? What business models are scaling?
How does a startup go about deciding to open-source their core competency?
What's the best example of someone using a military strategy in business?
How can I improve my app promotion business?
Does delaying the distribution of a product, in a certain country, boost sales in that country? 
What should I read so that I can help a startup in digital marketing? Books, blogs or Case studies?
If you are a long time Playboy Magazine subscriber, what do you think of the magazine's new direction of non-nudity now that it has come out?
Are there any open data sources on business strategy?
What are the most effective ways to grow your business?
How business owners can select the best services and suppliers?
What are the key benefits of enterprise mobile applications and “Mobility First” approach for growing companies?
Will the launch of virtual reality hardware be impactful to the financial performance of the larger traditional video game content production companies (EA, etc.)?
How are consulting firms changing their business strategy during Houston's oil and gas crisis?
What are the best finance/financial markets/consulting/business strategy books for beginners?
How can I create an investor pitch deck in 48 hours?
Who do you think is the best combination of good player+no strategic chops? Is the strategic component the area you think most important to success?
Young Entrepreneurs: Is an incubator/accelerator the best route for someone straight out of college with few resources trying to start an Internet company?
What is The Buckle (BKE) competitive advantage and why does it have a 35%+ ROIC while other companies in same sector have 15% or so?
What are some examples of a conglomerate merger?
Will Twitter be able to grow its US users?
Is there anyone who has a whole business strategy for Starting a VR business?
I'm researching to see how other companies are using a service product that we are interested in. What frameworks can I use to assist my research?
If your business potentially has customers from all over, would you discriminate against the state of Israel so you can have more Muslim customers?
Has Adobe suffered financially as a result of its move to Creative Cloud? Will it buckle under pressure from customers and start producing physical or downloadable copies of its software again? What are its  financials in March of 2016?
What strategic value does Wunderlist bring to Microsoft?
What are all different business processes, and are they all necessary to run a successful business organisation?
How has Priceline maintained high profit margins in a barrier free market?
Will you be kicked out in Starbucks if you do not buy anything and sit there all day?
I am coming up with an new e-commerce website only for sports good, What are some of the best marketing strategy which I can use (limited budget)?
What does the March 2016 internal turmoil at Nest mean for Google's efforts in home automation, Internet of Things, and hardware generally?
Do any of the home stay companies (like onefinestay) have a sturdy and viable position against Airbnb? What are the market dynamics in this space?
What went wrong with Kingfisher's business strategy that they had to incur such huge losses?
Is Snapchat starting to take meaningful share from Instagram among young people?
A competitor company is spreading malicious, untrue rumours about your firm. You start to hear about them from customers. What's the best response?
What is Whataburger's mission statement and how realistic is it?
How do I expand by plumbing business?
How do I list my business in ourncr.com?
Why are recruitment policies for Apple, Microsoft etc so academically inclined even when the founders of these very companies were college dropouts?
What are the most comprehensive examples of businesses making strategy, marketing and performance data publicly available?
What are some successful eCommerce sites that depend on micropayments without a subscription?
What are the four phases of strategic planning and their functions?
Am I wrong to think I am better at strategic thinking alone?
Why do so many people buy into business?
How is it possible to grow your business with TV advertising?
What is the business model of Shuttl App?
What is a service that every business uses?
What are the top challenges for business leaders who want to become a more enlightened capitalist?
What education degrees do many successful oil businessmen share?
How mobile commerce and apps are driving growth to retailers in United States and India?
What are the current financials of SAP? What is the company's core strategy?
Should I expand family business or start my own?
What are some good strategies for raising funding for your startup?
What is GM's competitive strategy?
What does it mean to your business plan when the market analysis reveals a competitor that does it better than you, though for more money?
What is Starbucks' business strategy?
Who has the better growth strategy, Facebook or Amazon?
How do I convert my well developed chat application as money making application?
What is known about Chinese unicorn WePiao?
Is it a good plan to start a business in India?
How can I manage shops which are located in different area of the same city?
How did companies like Uber, Airbnb or HomeAway rapidly build their portfolio of listed properties, host and drivers? Is there an business strategy?
What is the Biggest Challenge for today's marketing?
I have a hobby that makes me money and I also run a business. Can I sell my personal hobby's assets to my business to run it?
I have a good idea. How do I take it from the concept and create a product? What's the best way to go about it?
What are some everyday things that are likely to obtain a high monetary value in the future?
Entrepreneurs always recommend to 'listen to the customers', how does that work with a really disruptive business or a business like Facebook?
What innovation would accelerate the demise of physical retail stores?
Is an automated greeting card service a viable business idea?
Is there a book explaning most of the business models that exists in the world today?
What's a great way to change $100 to $10,000 in the shortest time possible?
I've got a few decent business ideas, but how do I pick the right one or come up with a great one to win a business plan competition?
What are the competitive advantages of samsung?
What do I do if someone copies my business and charges less?
The case of ''Krispy Kreme'' tragic downfall highlighted a reversal of the Principle-Agent Problem. How could this downfall have been prevented?
I have a part time employee who also runs his own business in the same industry. Should I approach him about a partnership in order to expand?
What are some stories in business, politics, or life in which someone had to make a tough ethical decision that came with serious consequences?
How could I expend the business to Southeast Asia?
What is the business strategy behind Airtel 4G girl ad? Being a part of telecom organization and subscriber I feel it totally irritating?
What is the best business to start from the ground up?
Will being a 5' 5" male hinder my success in business?
In the early days of LinkedIn how much of a focus was there on monetization, and who was their target customer?
When will it make sense for Netflix to get into live content?
Why isn't Elal, Israel's airline, expanding and offering flights connecting in TLV, like turkish airlines for example?
What was the best business decision you have ever made?
Why do businesses carry out internal market research?
What are the opportunities for business analysis field?
I want to do a Ph.D in Business Strategy. What test should I take before I apply? GMAT or GRE and why? (Most business schools accept both).
What is the secret to be succesfull in running an online casino' business and what is the largest one?
What is known about SimpliVity? Is it a new Unicorn?
What are the best business to business marketing strategies?
How are large companies creating business plans today?
Would anyone like to write a business plan for a dating app? How long would it take you and how much will you charge?
Am I wrong trying to fast-track myself into senior management?
What is the business model of allbirds?
How do I approach angel investors for advice not money?
How do you conduct market research?
What is Quora's strategic intent?
Is there a monetization solution for apps in the 1mobile market?
How Information System can play a role in business strategies?
Does delaying the distribution of a product, in a certain country, boost sales in that country? 
How do I estimate 1 year revenue model for new shopping mall in mumbai? Please specify all assumption including financial numbers.
In practical terms, how do you segment your customers?
Are goods produced by American Firms in cheaper labor areas, then brought back here for sale and overpriced to meet profit expectations?
Of the next gen BI tools (Domo, Looker, ThoughtSpot, Clearstory, etc) who has the best chance of gaining meaningful share and unseating legacy incumbents (Business Objects, Cognos, MicroStrategy, etc)?
What are the most popular RTS games for programming AIs?
How business owners can select the best services and suppliers?
Do we have to make business based on trends?
How does Google make money from Android?
How do companies get people to actually take part in their community pages where customers ask and answer questions? Do they give low key incentives?
How can I expand my 1000$ as a student?
What are the key benefits of enterprise mobile applications and “Mobility First” approach for growing companies?
What are some good resources for young professionals and female entrepreneurs?
Which startups are best positioned to compete against Dun & Bradstreet, Experian, Bureau van Dijk, and the other incumbents in the business information space? Why?
How can I create an investor pitch deck in 48 hours?
What are the pros and cons of filing a patent for a B2B Machine Learning product?
What are some strategies you can use to succeed when someone has beaten you to your products target market?
Who do you think is the best combination of good player+no strategic chops? Is the strategic component the area you think most important to success?
Young Entrepreneurs: Is an incubator/accelerator the best route for someone straight out of college with few resources trying to start an Internet company?
What are five signs of very successful business managers?
What is ecommerce industry segmentation?
Why do Businesses have Processes?
What are current financials of Box, Dropbox, and Egnyte?
Young Entrepreneurs: How do you take tech start-up idea from concept to completion?
What's your experience/opinion on business alliances... more so when you were looking to expand your business and growth?
What has gone wrong with the business model of Valeant Pharmaceuticals given its drastic drop of 50% on 15Mar16?
What strategic value does Wunderlist bring to Microsoft?
Which things should I prepared before presenting my business plan in front of investors?
What are the most important skills to have when starting a small business?
Are you a believer in holocracy / no-managers style of organizations?
Which of the "unicorn" startups are going to become the biggest, and which are most likely to fail? Why?
Should i sell my product  and service in USD or CAD?
What are current financials of Pinterest?
Startups: How do I become a private luxury goods seller?
I'm entering a business plan competition. What are some keys to stand out and win top prize?
Design: Why did MonetDB change their logo?
A competitor company is spreading malicious, untrue rumours about your firm. You start to hear about them from customers. What's the best response?
How do I improve my business consulting?
How is it possible to grow your business with TV advertising?
How do I make a business model if I have an idea?
What are the top challenges for business leaders who want to become a more enlightened capitalist?
How do you align managers with your vision and empower them to take the final decision, knowing that it will be in line with the vision?
Should I create my own marketplace website or use Sharetribe?
How do you maximise your commission package in a sales job?
How mobile commerce and apps are driving growth to retailers in United States and India?
Should I expand family business or start my own?
What is Quora's growth strategy?
What are some good strategy books on taking customers from competitors?
What does it mean to your business plan when the market analysis reveals a competitor that does it better than you, though for more money?
Will dropbox and box survive after recent price cut by Google / Microsoft and Apple?
What's the differences in managing staff in Kazakhstan and China from point of view of a Western executive?
How do you implement accountability through reporting when people are in very flexible / fluid roles, without accepting seemingly legitimate excuses?
What are the best business sectors to work in?
Can a new programming language be monetized, and how?
What are the best stories of persistence?
In practical terms, how do you workout or estimate the lifetime value of your customers?
What is the difference between "Corporate Foresight" and "Strategic Foresight"?
Business Strategy: How do foreign pharmaceutical companies keep their products profitable after the patent expires?
How do you follow the history of a massively successful business thoroughly?
I have a target market in mind for a business, but I need to do more research. How do I get email addresses of business owners/managers in my niche?
Is Volkswagen India selling Vehicles at a Loss?
What prompted you to begin or buy this business?
Is it really good being a unicorn?
I have a good idea. How do I take it from the concept and create a product? What's the best way to go about it?
When businesses write stuff like "we are the best or leading..." on sites does that really have any positive effect on customers?
What aspects of Brooks Brothers business model allow them to hire lots of old workers and prosper?
With many open source soft wares like Open Office and others in the market should Microsoft consider making Office Package free for commercial use?
What is the minimum business Guarantee of Ola Cabs?
What kind of investments are being done in urban and rural areas of india?
What are the best business plans in an upcoming town?
How does an attorney refferal business work?
What creative avenues exist to address false advertising claims by a business competitor?
I developed a soda cap, that doesn't let any bubbles out even after you open it, what is the best way to make the business out of it?
What are steps you should take in creating a start-up website?
My start up is currently turning over $200k per year, with most of that profit. Should I go for seed funding, or series A?
What are legal, possible and actually working ways US/non-US hedge funds can solicit their investment services to potential, US/non-US clients?
What is the best business to start from the ground up?
If I want to open a Tesla Chauffeur company in Europe or Asia, what would be the best country to do so in?
In the early days of LinkedIn how much of a focus was there on monetization, and who was their target customer?
What method should small businesses use to make purchases?
How likely is it that Samsung and Microsoft will enter a strategic alliance for its Windows 10 mobile system?
Can I make a business out of selling decorated materials?
I want to do a Ph.D in Business Strategy. What test should I take before I apply? GMAT or GRE and why? (Most business schools accept both).
What are the perks of being a Starbucks partner?
What are some business strategies?
What do you think of Amazon's move to Building Global Delivery Business to Take On Alibaba?
How do you run recurring business processes in Office365?
Why does playing bridge make you more strategic or smart?
How do I create a strategic partnership if I only have a business plan for a niche market and need to use a companies products to develop my own?
Can we use business rule as a separate component?
When is a good time to brand a B2B technology product?
Does Palantir have a sustainable product and technology advantage? What do alternatives and the market look like?
How can AMD compete with Intel in a business perspective?
How true Digital Equality can make business sense?
What is the best business course in the 21st century?
How did Donald Trump become a Billionaire given his businesses failed?
How do we monitor, measure and review Service Management?
I have a small business and we are looking to expand our coverage area. How have some of the 'unicorn' start-ups expanded so quickly and so successfully?
I want to start a production company for producing my short films. Do I need to register it? I'm from India.?
Should famous Chinese sites of historical interest charge higher fees during peak travel season?
How can you make business blogs interesting?
How do I propose a website to a business?
What are the different ways to expand the business?
How is IoT likely to impact location marketing for independent physical retailers and real-time offers for customers in-store?
My company wants to sell into the US - should we hire a salesperson or outsource?
What are current financials of HP after the split? And what are the prospects?
Does telebrand actually make business?
How do you conduct market research?
Is there a monetization solution for apps in the 1mobile market?
How will GitHub grow — to say 3-10X its current size? What has to happen in terms of product development and sales for this to happen?
Startup Founders and Entrepreneurs: What is entrepreneurial spirit? How to keep it alive?
Is selling cheap a good marketing strategy?
What were the mistakes Donald Trump made when he ran his public company "Trump Hotels & Casino Resorts" into the ground?
How quick a business should copy from competitors?
What could be the strategic thinking behind Canon's bid to acquire Toshiba healthcare?
What do the people of Johor think about a merger with Singapore?
In general, what groups do Republican economic policies strongly favor?
In practical terms, how do you segment your customers?
After you write the business plan for an online retailing business, what next?
Are private label and retailer-branded products a meaningful strategic threat to the major CPGs?
Are goods produced by American Firms in cheaper labor areas, then brought back here for sale and overpriced to meet profit expectations?
What will become Snapchat's major monetization strategy in the following 2-3 years?
I have a small shop in a non-metro city. I sell building material which includes tiles, stone, marble etc. How can I make my business grow?
How often is maintaining a successful business about what you can afford as a business?
What are some areas I can look at, in any given business vertical, to determine where machine learning may create value for the business in question?
How can you identify real business value?
I am developing a Facebook-like platform but I need figures (e.g. income projection) in my business plan, how do I obtain them?
How can I start up a profitable solar energy company that manufactors photovoltaic panels in the USA ?
What will be the name of Polaris after merger with vistusa?
In history who against all odds, from an untenable situation; be it business, war or other; played their hand so well they reigned victorious?
Why is Kingfisher Airlines struggling?
I need to write a business plan, what are the best resources that will walk me through it step by step?
What are the essential business strategy and marketing differences between Nike, Adidas and Under Armour?
What are the financials of Apttus? Is it a 2016 IPO prospect?
What are some strategies you can use to succeed when someone has beaten you to your products target market?
What do you think about Seedramp and their business model? Which industries it is applicable to, if any?
What is the best way to report on the Service Delivery Process?
Startups: I rejected a $50k seed investment in my tech startup. Did I make the right choice?
Do CEOs consider it critical and necessary to set and track goals (such as OKR goals) for their teams or can companies work effectively without goals?
I'm launching a test site to validate an idea. How do I make users feel trusting if I don't have any customers for testimonials?
What is ecommerce industry segmentation?
Why do Businesses have Processes?
What if someone had a proprietary process developed for all social media and realized they now need strategic partnership more than capital because of its popularity?
What was the business plan of Facebook in chronological order since the beginning?
How has the altMBA program helped your strategic thinking? Would you recommend the program?
Which things should I prepared before presenting my business plan in front of investors?
Are you a believer in holocracy / no-managers style of organizations?
How can one expand one's domestic shoe business?
What are current financials of Pinterest?
Why is Tripda (the rideshare app) folded up. They say it was operating costs but I wonder what really happened?
Startups: How do I become a private luxury goods seller?
What is the ROI on using goals management (like OKR goals) at a company?
What is non-consumption as Clayton Christensen speaks about?
Does Credit Karma have a moat? What is their sustainable product / technology advantage?
What have been the areas that China has been most successful in trying to expand its global reach?
What is the best sales strategy for selling software to police agencies?
What is the fastest way to build a business portfolio site?
What are the main profit models of a gym?
How do I make a business model if I have an idea?
Do you need a business plan?
What is the best Business in kathmandu?
What is Cloudflare's revenue and profit?
What is your biggest pet peeve when it comes to running a business?
What are the best ways to qualify a potential client?
What is the business model of Sunpharma?
What are the best stories of persistence?
Will loan be the best option if I need to start a business with ₹1000 crore?
Business Analysis: What type of content would make a person from India interested in purchasing an inexpensive ebook on business analysis?
In practical terms, how do you workout or estimate the lifetime value of your customers?
Should I expand to a country from where I got a big client?
Is Microsoft losing the Mobile OS race with Apple and Google? Why still investing?
I have a startup idea. How do I make a business plan of it?
What is the difference between "Corporate Foresight" and "Strategic Foresight"?
What is strategy? What do you mean by competitive advantage?
What agencies in Thailand make business plans?
Business Strategy: How do foreign pharmaceutical companies keep their products profitable after the patent expires?
How do I make a business popular?
How do I develop mobile app for B2C business like ecommerce, food delivery and grocery?
Mergers and Acquisitions (M&A): Why the companies like WhatsApp, PayPal, Hotmail, freecharge and many more are sold to or acquired by big companies, why they didn't continue alone?
What is the best way to increase sales of a commodity product against competitors that have lower prices?
Business Strategy: Are there any proven strategies/guidelines to determine the amount of subsidized projects a healthy SME should execute?
What is the bussines model of www.pluuft.com?
What are some good examples of successful products that started with penetration pricing strategy?
What are the biggest pains you have running your business?
What is the meaning of strategic location in history?
What is the best example of establishing a successful and self-propelling culture of execution in your company?
I have a website named www.subkuchh.com, how can I promote and get data to it?
What are the best business plans in an upcoming town?
What are the research work needs to be done to start a small scale business in India.
Product Marketing: What does "positioning" really mean?
Why is the automotive repair industry so fragmented?
How can I improve my business turnover?
What creative avenues exist to address false advertising claims by a business competitor?
What are the steps to creating a successful startup, without starting too fast?
Do I need to code to be a successful business guy in the valley?
Entrepreneurship: How long did you study before your successful business?
How much does it cost to prepare a strategic plan?
What are legal, possible and actually working ways US/non-US hedge funds can solicit their investment services to potential, US/non-US clients?
Why can't the FBI get a warrant to insist that Apple help it break into the San Bernardino phone?
Is there a strategic framework for high-growth startups?
What should I consider before branding a company?
$10m of gold appeared in front of me along with a magic carpet, I'v decided to sell it. Which country would you “fly” to sell the gold?
Why an innovative idea is called as a startup? All kinds of businesses shows a bit of innovation either in technology or business strategy
What specific strategical concerns does a company offering "course activities" have?
What is tigertext strategy?
Is it better to base myself in L.A. or N.Y.C. if my goal is to build a business between China and the U.S.?
What do you think of Amazon's move to Building Global Delivery Business to Take On Alibaba?
How are internal corporate strategy roles viewed by top MBA adcoms?
How can a small IT company enter into strategic partnership with major mnc?
What is the unique selling point of Twitter in terms of user monetization as of Q1 of 2016?
What is the business model or strategy of a company makes money off of YouTube videos?
Can we use business rule as a separate component?
How does Viagogo's business model work?
I have a great idea and I want to create a start-up to implement it. Which steps should I take?
Young Entrepreneurs: What is the best way to teach entrepreneurship in schools?
What is Pepsico's mission statement? How do they uphold it?
Does Palantir have a sustainable product and technology advantage? What do alternatives and the market look like?
If you made some stupid stuff like YouTube videos, for example, and you created an audience of below average IQ and that made you rich, is that considered as success and should you be considered as a successful person?
Should I share my business plan with my college?
What is BlaBlaCar's revenue model?
Which business strategy has helped successful startups in India?
How are projects linked to the strategic plan?
I want to start a production company for producing my short films. Do I need to register it? I'm from India.?
What will Starbucks have to do to make the 2017 launch of their first store in Italy successful?
What is Blue stone(online jewellery E- commerce ) business strategy?
How do I determine which country to expand?
Gary Reiner: What are the most difficult challenges of translating the business strategy to a robust enterprise architecture?
What is Edmodo's business model?
If you were Google's CEO, would you be concerned about Microsoft? Why or why not?
I've worked for almost a year as a consultant in Australia and I am looking for an MC/strategy/business consulting work. What companies in Amsterdam employ non-Dutch speakers?
Equity investors: What are the models/frameworks you find most useful to assess an investment opportunity (eg supply/demand, Porter 5F, DuPont, etc)?
What are the drivers behind the decline of shopping malls?
How will GitHub grow — to say 3-10X its current size? What has to happen in terms of product development and sales for this to happen?
How shall a client enter the Indian rural market with Community water purifaication system. How should I structure the entry strategy?
What is the average market share of business to business SaaS products?
What are the best book about writing strategies for companies?
What are some examples of companies that have changed their core businesses to adapt to changing market conditions?
I am going to start business in HVAC industry can any one help me to put company name?
Why is Google Trusted Stores strategically important for the company?
What is a reasonable cost for an accounting firm to complete one very simple corporate return 1120 or 1120s?
Competition (business): A competitor asks you about your product in a fair, on the telephone, etc. How could you use the situation to your advantage?
After you write the business plan for an online retailing business, what next?
What is a story about someone not in a leadership position taking a leadership role and driving change in people's lives anyway?
What is a good business strategy for a bowling alley?
What is off page strategy?
What will become Snapchat's major monetization strategy in the following 2-3 years?
How can you identify real business value?
I am developing a Facebook-like platform but I need figures (e.g. income projection) in my business plan, how do I obtain them?
What does it take to build an attractive business in the video gaming space that endures for many years?
What will be the name of Polaris after merger with vistusa?
What are some titles for the head of a company?
How does physical gold get listed on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange? 
What is Chase's bank mission statement?
I am looking to build and grow a dropshipping business that specializes in Apple and Samsung products. What are some key ways to grow my business?
I need to write a business plan, what are the best resources that will walk me through it step by step?
What are factors that allow large incumbent firms to adapt to disruption?
How does Google make money, and what are the biggest threats?
What are the current financials of IBM? How will they turnaround?
Can you make a business out of selling your financial analysis to banks, funds, etc?
Why did Warren Buffet buy a a textile company (Berkshire Hathaway) and turn it into a hedge fund?
What is the business model of joinhoney?
How can I find a good company name for my new firm with letter "S"?
What does Jawbone do better than any other company?
Choose a company that you believe provides a world-class customer experience. What do they do well? Then pick one that has a poor customer experience.
What can I teach my kids (8yo and 10yo) about mobile game development and entrepreneurship?
What is the best strategic model to use if you want to transform your brand to an interactive platform?
Gary Reiner: In what specific areas does IT need to do exceptionally well to successfully enable business strategy in a constantly changing market landscape?
What was Nokia's biggest mistake?
What if someone had a proprietary process developed for all social media and realized they now need strategic partnership more than capital because of its popularity?
Why don't business cash advances improve your business credit?
What's the best strategy to go about finding a profitable business to buy?
How did BBC overcome a new strategy for the growth of their business from 2007?
When do you think a new RSS-reader could be successful and why? What is wrong with widely known RSS-readers? What monetization models to use?
What are the chances Warby Parker will become a multi-billion dollar retailer?
What are the current financials of eBay after the Paypal split? 
What are some freely available things that people are successfully making us pay for?
Is there a country that I can buy large amounts of gold, say $2m and not have any party be obligated to record the transaction?
What are the secrets behind the success of the biggest franchised businesses?
How do I get a top VC tech fund to also invest in my Seed Round?
Gary Reiner: Why is GE still so diversified? Do you foresee future spinoffs like GE Capital?
What kind of business would you start in India with $100000?
Entrepreneurship: I have an idea for a startup, but there's already a well funded startup with a related idea, what should I do?
What is the job scenario for Business Strategic Management PhDs? And how is it expected to be in the next 5 years?
Which hosting service is the best for business (shared hosting) besides AWS, Dreamhost, Bluehost, Rackspace?
What have been the areas that China has been most successful in trying to expand its global reach?
What could the next CEO of Tumblr do to make it a billion dollar standalone company?
What is monetization?
What is Marissa Mayer's latest plan to turn Yahoo around?
What did Yahoo! do right, and wrong?
What is the best sales strategy for selling software to police agencies?
Which brands have had customer confusion, no recognition after they changed too much about their brand's/product's look at once?
What is Donald Trump like as a manager and administrator?
What is the best way to find pro bono consulting/strategy/financial modeling work online with a group of people (not independent volunteering work)?
How do transactional messages help your business?
How has Amway's business plan affected how so many other MLMs operate their own businesses?
How can tie ups with various brands help companies creating stop motion videos in marketing?
How do you create new business strategies and implement them into your business?
What is SoundCloud revenue model?
What do Business Strategists really do? How important are they? What's the career path? How did you get started in it?
What is the one piece of advice you would give to first-time founders or entrepreneurs?
Choosing co-ownership of a patent over transferring your rights to the university. What factors should influence this decision?
What profession is a good blend between business development, web development, and marketing?
Why do most education turnaround projects in low performing schools fail?
How and why will Apple's business model and future profits be affected if it helps break open San Benardino shooter's iPhone?
Discuss the five competitive forces determining industry profitability?
Has anyone done a porter 5 forces analysis of alibaba.com?
What is technical research result in business plan?
What is the ABC of digital strategic planning?
What are 'non-competitive business strategies'? The term is in the syllabus of an exam, related to the ease of doing business and corporate PR?
Should Amazon launch a smartphone?
How does LinkedIn make money, and what are the biggest threats?
What are some ways that Starbucks could improve profitability?
Should I expand to a country from where I got a big client?
Business Analysis: What type of content would make a person from India interested in purchasing an inexpensive ebook on business analysis?
If you had to sell 1 billion dollars of gold and stay anonymous, how would you do this?
Where can I dwnload the book The End of Competitive Advantage: How to Keep Your Strategy Moving as Fast as Your Business?
What unique perspective would mathematicians have in running a business?
What should I do if my board tells me I have to expand globally?
How do shopping mall operators cope with the decline of the mall? What strategies are they employing to counter the dying trend?
Why should we plan for long term in our business?
What is the business model of vario.fitness, what exactly they do?
I am not a good sales person. What can I do to grow my business?
Why are many companies choosing blue color for their brand (example Facebook,Twitter, LinkedIn, Dropbox, Coursera, Udacity)?
Business Strategy: Are there any proven strategies/guidelines to determine the amount of subsidized projects a healthy SME should execute?
How do you find the right supplier for your product and not get scammed for drop-shipping business?
How shall a client enter the Indian rural market with Community water purification system. How should I structure the entry strategy?
How can a company get a unique zip code / postal code dedicated to their company?
To what extent do brands with the same holding company try to avoid cannibalization?
Can I sell my house to someone and buy it back at a low price to minimize my property taxes in the US?
Product Marketing: What does "positioning" really mean?
What are the most important elements for a successful business?
How much does one need to own a Starbucks store in downtown?
How do people who's businesses have failed still have enough capital to start several more businesses?
What is an example of a popular company that reduced their offerings and was a huge success focusing on the core business?
Beyond scale, what determines whether an e-commerce company can reach an attractive business model (i.e., return on investment)?
How do I scale a primarily denim sewing company in LA?
I want to start an on-line business but I lack unique ideas. I have resources. Could anyone assist me in idea?
What is the business strategy of Freedom 251 promoters?
What are few examples of bad strategy but good execution in the business world?
How much work and knowledge does it take to be a moderately successful drop shipper?
Are you more likely to be successful in business if you are less ethical?
What business strategy can I use to develop my passengers transportation company?
What can be fun in business analysis?
What is the best way to grow my networking business?
Why did Mark Zuckerberg buy whatsapp?
Is it necessary to have corporate job experience before starting your own business?
What businesses lend themselves best to a freemium pricing model, and why?
Why do we fetishize large scale strategic bombing even when we know it's ineffective?
What is the business model of LimeTray?
What happened to eSparsha? Did they change their business model and rebranded the team as MyDreamStore?
Could you say something about how you break through and scale your business to inspire someone reading this?
What is Netflix most successful business strategy?
How is knowledge and information turned monetary (crowdsourcing, retail..)?
Why has Quora delayed monetization?
What would you do to help a magazine company whose sales have declined 10% while those of their closest competitor have declined just 5%?
What are some examples of successful businesses started by best friends?
What roles could a private equity big firm attorney transition into to further a potential career working in a strategy or product mgmt capacity?
After purchasing a stock from where you got it from are you allowed to grow the business?
Would it be possible to create a business that provides all purpose factory production to individual customers?
On average, how does compensation for Chief Strategy Officers compare to compensation for other executives?
In which extent, strategy is influenced by setting goals? Would a better organizational culture influence employee engagement?
What should an international business plan include?
How can I diversify an oil industry manufacturing business into the oem automotive parts industry?
What is the best way to structure a business agreement involving software I.P?
How do I add value to an fmcg company as an area manager?
What are some of the most inspiring books for software entrepreneurs?
What are some of the most effective business principles?
If you could start a new category, division, or international market for Amazon, which would you choose and why?
What is the Telecommunication company business model?
How much would it cost to start a tech startup as a non technical founder without any tech friends?
Is it a good business strategy to merge two different companies customer support and software development departments?
What are the pros and cons of Amazon displaying ads on its websites?
Daniel Ek: How do you balance user needs and music industry objectives?
Could you suggest books about building a billion dollar unicorn startup?
Can Netflix sustain its growth?
What are some stories about small misunderstandings turning into big mistakes in business, startups, politics, or life?
How do I calculate a business plan for a storage center?
What are the top skills you need to be successful in business?
Jeremy Stoppelman: Has Zomato's entry made any difference in your strategy for 2016?
How would you compare Apache Spark to Apache Hadoop in terms of potential value to a firm that has yet to adopt "big data" technologies?
What are current financials of ServiceNow?
How do I go about starting an electric car company?
What should I do to sell handmade luxury accessories? How could I contact shops to propose my products?
What does Twitter need to do to restart growth and reactivate its massive dormant user base?
How do companies or businesses decide whether it's better for a rival to buy it over or to take a lower offer by a non-rival party?
Two stores are located just a mile away from each other and sell the same product. One sells the product for a price 25% more than the other. Why?
Was Fiverr inherently a bad idea, or did its management screw it up, leading to its demise?
How can I prioritize digital interactions based on customer benefit and business value?
You are the CEO of the Yellow Cab taxi service. How do you respond to Uber?
What are the pros and cons of mixing family with business?
I have come across a free store run by a Startup, How can this be sustainable?
How would you go about creating a plan to double revenue within four years?
I am planning to start an upscale gourmet grocery store. What is the best way to structure my business plan?
You are launching a photo printing service that automatically prints and mails someone's favorite pictures to them. How would you price this service?
International Relations: Is Russia a prospective strategic partner for Singapore?
Which strategy should I follow to gain profit from stock market, Fama-French strategy or Benjamin Graham strategy?
What's the logical career progression after taking on a Chief Strategy Officer role?
My grandpa owns a bar with slot machines. How can he maximize his profit?
If I want to create an automotive business, what services make the most?
I want to start a company. I'm an IT student who can make websites and mobile Apps. I can negotiate well, my business sense is good. What should I do?
Jeremy Stoppelman: After working with countless small businesses what are the most common areas of weakness or failure that if changed could help more succeed?
As Larry Page, your team tells you that Facebook and Microsoft are thinking about acquiring Quora. Should Google try to join in the fray? Why?
What is the (opportunity) cost of NOT making a proper market research study in a company?
What advice would you give to a strategy consultant transitioning to internal strategy?
How do I Make 306090 business plan template for recruitment?
If the sales of the premium product in your website (free, standard and premium pricing) has declined, but standard has increased, what would you do?
Why is Business Analysis an important part of business?
How would you price a cell phone service for the elderly?
What might cause one child to do much better than another when two children are running lemonade stands just a few blocks away from each other?
What softwares are most commonly used to draw matrixes in business strategy?
What are some of the best examples of counter attack at its best in real life?
What was the difference between the marketing strategies of Subaru and Nissan?
What are some of the best business purchasing sites?
As of February 2016, what could Yahoo do to turn things around?
What are some examples of successful B2B customer retention strategies and tactics especially for banks?
Is Michael Porter's Competitive Advantage Theory still relevant today?
How does the company create its own value?
Should cities consider the Value or the Value Proposition for hosting the Super Bowl?
Can I launch a startup venture while working a full time job?
What are some ways in which corporations could support entrepreneurship, either local entrepreneurship or in their industry sector?
Are there factors endemic to the music industry that will prevent Pandora from ever succeeding?
Jeff Bezos: What makes Amazon different than Jet?
What are the differences between "Contract of Service" and " Contract for Service"?
How do bookstores choose which books to give shelf space to?
How would you analyse the competitive situation of fintech start-ups in the USA and China?
What can be the objectives of a business that follows a low cost strategy?
What are the best businesses to do for someone speaking more than 2 languages?
What is outsourcing?
If I create a business, will that business be truly connected/owned by my country?
How do we communicate with a remote team to minimize the errors and threats?
What is gofundme's business model?
Who are the best strategists of the last 100 years?
How should we setup the work with IT outsourcing company?
Is it normal to setup security deposit on contract start?
How would you price a new music service where you pay per time you play a song & after a certain number of plays, the song is purchased automatically?
What business strategy can I use to develop my IT development company?
Who are the best buyers for Pandora?
When online companies expand overseas do you have to setup separate companies in those countries?
How do you handle objection management?
How does Venmo make money?
Have you ever considered using offshore outsourcing for your small company? What were your reasons for doing so?
I’m at a crossroads in my startup. How do I make an extraordinarily difficult business decision?
What would be the best strategy for competing against Amazon (company)?
Would it be illegal to establish my own church (christian denomination) and profit from it?
What is the difference between growth strategy and marketing strategy for startups?
What strategic gain does Y Combinator get by attacking Michael O. Church?
If you were the CEO of Nike, what new product line would you come up with?
What are the best sources for contents and materials to teach business strategy?
What would Mark Zuckerberg do for free basics in India after the TRAI regulations?
What's some good examples of creative customer retention for cafes/bars/restaurants?
What are the sleaziest business strategies Donald Trump has pursued?
What are some role playing games that teaches business strategies?
Quora: Has Quora ever considered balancing the demographic of its users?
Does Quora allow monetization of content?
What is Infosys doing to support its 'Zero Distance Project'?
What is Amazon India's business model?
What are the business buzz words that are on the rise (2016)?
What is the global environment for IKEA today? Are there more threats than opportunities?
What company should Walmart acquire that would positively and radically transform the business, and why?
What are some e-commerce industries that are not already saturated but have a sizable or growing amount of demand?
What is Uber's strategy for engaging regulators around the world?
Should corporations train more Intrapreneurs?
What is the Melaleuca business model?
If Apple is really building an electric car, what does this mean for Tesla? Is Apple's product quality likely to be dramatically superior, and is there room in the market for both Tesla and Apple?
I'm a current high school student interested in tech entrepreneurship. Do you have any advice?
How do I turn my YouTube channel into a business?
Is Yelp a good strategic acquisition target at $1.1B?
Which is the most important business strategy?
Is it normal to be afraid of going into the world of startups?
How do I expand my delivery business?
Why is a company's mission not to maximize its profit?
Why has The Honest Company been so successful?
Will Detroit automakers be able to attract enough talent to compete with Silicon Valley at making self-driving cars?
How do approach creating a sales channel for a business plan?
Other than having people sign an NDA, how can one protect one's ideas?
What is the most important secret to succeed in business?
What is the business plan of flipkart?
Does outsourcing sales work?
How can I avoid running out of things to say during meetings? How can I make myself a more valuable contributor?
Imagine you were considering launching two services which have similar revenues and costs. How would you decide which one to pursue?
What are the best strategic M&A targets for Gilead Sciences and why?
What is the difference between design strategy, business strategy, and innovation strategy?
As of February 2016, what could Yelp do to turn things around?
I have been appointed to each business strategy and policy, where can I find good materials and contentsfor this?
Has anyone used business development as a marketing strategy? What would be your advice to a startup interested in this strategy?
What would be the most profitable way to start and operate a church (christian denomination)?
Is there any opportunity in Brazil for a company that can facilitate individuals wanting to create a business quickly?
A textbook publishing company wants to sell subscriptions to electronic versions of any of its books. How would you price this service?
What are 2016 IT Outsourcing trends?
How does the junk dealer business model work?
Leadership: What's the reason such a valuable resource the YouTube channel Talks at Google could be, is such an unorganized mess, does not live up to its potential, as compared to TED Talks, or other, not-Google-maintained YouTube channels?
Why did LinkedIn stocks sink on Feb 4th, 2016? What efforts should they take to reverse the declining tendency？
What is the 3R strategy?
I have Rs.85,000 to start a business. I am interested in food business such as burgers, juices, omlette, etc. How do I start?
Do people still want to do business with Donald trump?
When should a startup move to Silicon Valley?
How is Google doing since its reorganization into Alphabet in 2015?
How effective have Celgene's strategic partnerships been at developing major new therapies?
Why should I outsource?
How do fast-fashion brands like H&M and Zara figure out what styles are trending?
Which house sitting site or community has the most users from outside of English-speaking countries?
Imagine United Airlines wants to launch a "standby membership pass", allowing members to take unlimited flights on standby. How would you price it?
Do firms like Bain, Strategy& and BCG hire marketing grads for business/Strategy consulting?
How can someone understand corporate strategy and learn more about it?
Should I compare employees, as a way of motivation?
As of February 2016, what could GoPro do to turn things around?
If a software company develops a product for another company to sell, is it true that the industry norm is a 60/40 cut of retail sales (dev/sales)?
What is cross sale ratio?
Do you need financial assistance to create your business?
Which are the best on-demand programs or courses out there to help you start and build a business?
Katrina Lake: Is your company going to expand the business to menswear and kids wear?
What are some of the best examples of counter attack at its best in real life?
How can I turn things around to make my business successful?
What was the difference between the marketing strategies of Subaru and Nissan?
Only 15 and my startup Netlodge.net is about to hit 400 members, how can I grow even more?
Is LinkedIn competitively vulnerable in any of its core products, from startups or other large companies like Facebook?
Is Michael Porter's Competitive Advantage Theory still relevant today?
Is differentiation a challenge for professional services firms? How can a firm solve this problem?
How prestigious is Simon Kucher & Partners?
What is the business model of cartrade?
What is Oculus's competitive advantage? What do they have (technology, business advantages) that can't be duplicated by competing companies?
What is the best resource to learn the stock market from both a trader and public company perspective?
My mother want to start making tiffins, what is the best way to make the business interesting and attract customers with a new idea in this field?
How do we convince new users to go through our thorough signup phase?
How do I make my business famous?
Jeff Bezos: What makes Amazon different than Jet?
Does Submitting a coupon help a business to grow?
What is the difference between strategic control and manipulation?
What does Mrporter's business model look like? 
What are the best businesses to do for someone speaking more than 2 languages?
What methods are available to visualise strategy options across multiple environmental factors, over a long-term time horizon?
Can a person use a self-storage unit and run his/her own business from there?
A rival is stealing my customers by giving almost everything free, what can I do?
Is Fred Wilson right to accuse startups which refuse to go public of "wimping out"?
How do businesses determine the appropriate markup for their retail products?
Why most of the businessmen and business aspirants are preferring kartcastle.com?
How can I start a hat business?
Is it normal to setup security deposit on contract start?
How do you handle objection management?
I'm looking for a program to write a business plan that I can utilize online (no downloading needed and possibly free). Any suggestions?
My company shifted from services to products. What should be our online marketing strategy?
In what ways can an e-commerce website use data science to grow the business?
Which is the best business course in sim?
Would it be illegal to establish my own church (christian denomination) and profit from it?
Except for GAFA, is machine learning really valuable for a company?
What are the best business certifications to acquire while working?
If you own equity in a company, do you get a monthly check or something? How do you get paid when you own a percentage of the business?
What would Mark Zuckerberg do for free basics in India after the TRAI regulations?
Do I need a working proof of concept to pursue funding for my startup idea?
What is the business model of reservekaro.pk?
How do I go about identifying the best monetization strategy for my online platform?
What strategic advantage would TE Connectivity gain from its acquisition of Creganna Medical?
Is it legal to raise the price of pharmaceutical drugs to any amount?
What is the business model of Airtel Wynk music?
How do technology firms manage information flows concerning competitors and how do they create processes to learn from them?
Why is Magic Leap worth so much? What strategically defensible assets do they have?
What would a competing social network need to do in order to beat Facebook?
What is the process from start to finish to create a bra company?
What are the business buzz words that are on the rise (2016)?
Is there a way user can post/share reviews about products or local business from whatsapp or SMS?
How do I bring my business out of bad reputation?
Pricing Psychology:  Should I show the best possible prices I can offer as my "list prices" or should I inflate them and offer more discounts?
What are some examples of successful startups by married couples?
What is Uber's strategy for engaging regulators around the world?
What is the best referal program for Strategic Business Advisors?
What are some trends useful for tech startups?
What are some stories in the business or startup world of people using their positions of power to do the right thing?
Where can I find a good business plan writer?
Is it un-necessary for B2B companies who are making a software for a B2C company to display their logo on a white labelled solution?
When should a startup seek funding?
What exactly is market strategy in writing business plans? I'm writing a business plan, but I'm not sure what to put in the market strategy part.
How can I be an entrepreneur if math is not my best subject at high school?
If the theory behind managing without managers from R.Semler was a total success in the 90's, how come it's not used, implemented or discussed today?
Lawrence Lessig: If you were 21 again, would you prefer working for somebody else first and then make your company or would you start a.s.a.p. with your business?
How can I build a ad server and grow my business?
What books teach entrepreneurs about "how to pick a good idea"?
I am planning to make my business a limited company. If I were to be sued from outside of the UK, by the US for example, would I still be protected?
If I want to buy a product and build a business service, which product do you recommend?
Has anyone used business development as a marketing strategy? What would be your advice to a startup interested in this strategy?
What would be the most profitable way to start and operate a church (christian denomination)?
Confidentiality in tech entrepreneurship. How do you feel about that?
What strategies do companies follow for eliminating applicants from successive rounds?
What are some highly recommended books that I should read for building my business?
How do you best determine that your company needs to expand?
How do I make my online business successful whose customers are schools? How does business work in the education sector?
What are some factors that prevent Enterprise IT from moving to the cloud, whether private and on-premise, or public cloud?
How can Apple still grow?
What are 2016 IT Outsourcing trends?
Why is the key points for company growth?
How do I write pharmacuetical sales strategic plan?
What is a business plan? And how would one go about writing one?
Do VC firms have a full-stack strategy with regards to investments? 
How is Mark Zuckerberg’s role as a father shaping his plans for Facebook?
What would a creative strategic partnership be for Google?
When should a startup move to Silicon Valley?
How is Google doing since its reorganization into Alphabet in 2015?
How can a social business protect its social mission from investors?
How effective have Celgene's strategic partnerships been at developing major new therapies?
What are some industries, not related to tech, that are good for entrepreneurs?
Why did no Indian company try to emulate the success of Netflix in India?
Should or do one director be the sole signatory to a business/company account?
When companies (like Apple) want to expand, how are they able to evict the previous occupants so they can expand?
What's the difference between business ownership and business control?
If a software company develops a product for another company to sell, is it true that the industry norm is a 60/40 cut of retail sales (dev/sales)?
What is cross sale ratio?
How did Gap's strategy of displaying all of its brands i.e. Old Navy, Athleta, on it's sites work from a sales PoV? Did it help or hurt?
India: Everything an IT person needs to know about when they start earning?
Which are the best on-demand programs or courses out there to help you start and build a business?
I am starting an engineering business and want to focus on the b2b market, how can I find new clients?
Do Street smarts outsmart the Book smarts in strategy, optimization & getting better ROI?
How did Tim Berry grow Palo Alto software?
How can I turn things around to make my business successful?
Will anyone give me the opportunity to make their business more money by evaluating it for them for?
How do the Alibaba and Amazon business models compare?
How should a startup deal with uncertain market, with strategic plan?
Should I go with an app only strategy for my voucher business?
What is Profitability in startups?
How can we settle an investment strategy dispute regarding first round valuation?
What are the pros and cons of building one service that does it all vs breaking it down to several services with different responsibilities?
What is a vfc model?
How can a feasible business be built around strategically located properties?
What is the business model of cartrade?
Are the theories of Kotler outdated?
What is Oculus's competitive advantage? What do they have (technology, business advantages) that can't be duplicated by competing companies?
What are current examples of specific industries with unnecessary middlemen that need technology to disrupt?
What constraints lead to operation failure for beverage industry?
My mother want to start making tiffins, what is the best way to make the business interesting and attract customers with a new idea in this field?
If you own a business and have a customer list (first/last name), what would be the most useful data about these customers to help grow your business?
If Apple were to discontinue the iPhone and iPad, do you think they could survive as a company by relying on their other products or any other means?
What is the best launching strategy of web based applications for sport?
How do I create a business personality?
What are some downsides of trying to build a Unicorn business?
How should I prepare for a business strategy associate interview at Google?
What do you think of www.konstruktor.com? Is it the site that can help you in your business?
Can a person use a self-storage unit and run his/her own business from there?
Can you use a business with funding to fill in big spots at big companies (for example, dispatching an executive from one company to another)?
What is Action Priority Matrix and how do i differentiate my tasks?
What is Uber's business strategy?
How can your business use SMS attachments?
How do you write vision, mission and objectives for startups?
What do you think about this wordmark proposal?
I'm looking for a program to write a business plan that I can utilize online (no downloading needed and possibly free). Any suggestions?
How long did it take you to get 5,000, 10,000, or 25,00 followers using social media with a goal to gain awareness of your business?
What is a simple metaphor I can use to help my startup team understand the value of focusing on one thing and doing it better than anyone else?
I want to start a niche website for a specific industry. Is advertising revenue is sufficient to grow the business and to run it successfully.?
How does a leader know whether their business issue is strategic or operational?
What are the significant advantages Google has by building its own hardware?
What is Snapchat's strategy?
When will Quora start its monetization strategy?
What is the business model of Loginext?
What events or business strategy failures led to the demise of Radio Shack?
What is the best strategy for a company to control attrition?
Small Publishers: How do they expand their business if they do offset/bulk printing?
What is the business model of CarSnip.com?
What strategic advantage would TE Connectivity gain from its acquisition of Creganna Medical?
What makes a great B2B product?
What is the business model of rivigo?
Marc Lore: Given that customer data (usage, behavior, reviews, ML, etc) is very valuable to be successful to compete, what is your strategy to acquire that?
Will Amazon's zero profit strategy become the new benchmark for achieving market dominance?
When will Palantir go public?
What is an over the top strategy?
Is it possible for a company to have a sustainable competitive advantage when its industry becomes hyper-competitive?
We are working on a Rs. 5,999 personal computer. We have 450+ pre-orders. But we have lack of funds. Whom should we approach for funding?
What can I do while I am still in my current job to work towards developing my own company?
Will pay per minute business model work in India?
Why do tech companies rarely include features which are suggested by their customers? Couldn't this be a competitive advantage?
How do I bring my business out of bad reputation?
What was your biggest challenge when starting up?
What are the best Business rules engine?
What is "string of pearls" strategy in business/Acquisitions?
What are some topical strategy and operations dissertation topics for the technology and creative technology industry?
What are some examples of successful startups by married couples?
What bits of business strategy theory from the twentieth century are still relevant in this century?
When are you at your best?
What are some trends useful for tech startups?
Josh Kopelman: How many companies do you look at before finalizing a deal? What are your deal sources? What tools do you use?
What is what3words's business strategy?
What is a tradinf strategy?
I have taken franchise of a library chain, how can I reach to prospective customers with a shoe-string advertising budget?
How do I create the ideal business model?
How can I enhance my business?
When should a startup seek funding?
What exactly is market strategy in writing business plans? I'm writing a business plan, but I'm not sure what to put in the market strategy part.
How do banks cope with negative interest rates today (Jan2016) given it upends their business model of borrowing short and lending long?
How do I write a business plan and ask for venture capital?
Why was your business the best over your competitors?
If the theory behind managing without managers from R.Semler was a total success in the 90's, how come it's not used, implemented or discussed today?
What's the easiest way for a local retailer to create an attractive website that can easily be updated regularly to show their merchandise/inventory?
Lawrence Lessig: If you were 21 again, would you prefer working for somebody else first and then make your company or would you start a.s.a.p. with your business?
How can I build a ad server and grow my business?
What books teach entrepreneurs about "how to pick a good idea"?
How can I make my business big?
What technological changes will create the most opportunities for new startups over the next 2-3 years?
How do you best determine that your company needs to expand?
What is a good business plan for selling website (made by me) to businesses (local and online)?
What would it be like to do corporate strategy for a quant hedge fund?
What is the business model of Youtube?
How can I enhance my business/saas vocabulary so I can understand what Jason m lemkin is saying?
Are Caribbean resorts good businesses?
What are the best business models?
Do VC firms have a full-stack strategy with regards to investments? 
What is the biggest challenge in patient-doctor communication?
If I start many shell corporations that go bankrupt in the US, can the government do anything to stop me from making more corps?
How can I use 20,000 Twitter followers to grow my business?
What should be first step for execution of any business plan?
What's the difference between business ownership and business control?
Fiat is spinning off Ferrari. How might Ferrari's strategy change as a result? How should it change?
How did Gap's strategy of displaying all of its brands i.e. Old Navy, Athleta, on it's sites work from a sales PoV? Did it help or hurt?
What is the best way to grow a business through investments?
What could you do to cause the most damage possible to a business?
How did Tim Berry grow Palo Alto software?
How do you transition your business from a free model to a paid model?
What awesome things you would want people to know about your Business?
Should electronic arts expand its own business?
What is the best way to structure and layout your notes in a consulting case study interview?
How do the Alibaba and Amazon business models compare?
Why is Walmart closing stores in small towns given that Walmart monopolizes the business in these niche locations?
I see advertising posters with local maps at supermarkets and railway stations etc in the UK. Are these provided for free by the ad companies?
How can we settle an investment strategy dispute regarding first round valuation?
What is the business model of tolexo.com?
What is a vfc model?
What were flaws in Enron's business model that led to its downfall?
Are the theories of Kotler outdated?
What constraints lead to operation failure for beverage industry?
Does the concept of enlightened self interest enter into the corporate board room ?
Why is it important for a company to increase its number of customers?
What have been the results of Quora's content-gating growth strategy?
What is the best launching strategy of web based applications for sport?
What's the best way to do business in a city where I have no physical presence?
How does a Merger/Acquisition start?
Is it good idea to sell fresh plants online in India? If yes, then what should be my strategy?
What is monetize view?
I have a business in the USA. With the AUD so low, should I convert the USD to AUD and pay off debt in Australia, or leave it in the US business?
Is there site where I can get the investment to grow my business?
What are some of the best stories about exceptional business leaders?
Should I leave my family who is not letting me to grow my business?
What is strategy?
How would one pitch a strategic partnership with Quora?
What went wrong with Sandy Weil's business model of a financial supermarket given that it looked fine initially?
What do you think about this wordmark proposal?
Is it wise to start a business in Interior Designing who has already own a business in Interior decoration?
What is the formula to make 6 figures with amazon?
Can Bunnings slack off now that Masters will be closing down?
I want to start a niche website for a specific industry. Is advertising revenue is sufficient to grow the business and to run it successfully.?
What do I need to know before setting up a fresh yoghurt business in Ghana?
Is there a better way to make money than solving other people's problems?
Many comapnies announce prize upon scratch coupons on their product. Does anyone win it or it is just another way to increase sales?
How does a leader know whether their business issue is strategic or operational?
What are some of the" hidden" costs one could have when starting a small wholesale/retail business?
How does Alibaba make money?
Why has Apple started the biggest development center in Naples right after being fined $300M by the Italian government?
I know some licensed alcohol retailers who like to make their business online in West Bengal. Is it legal?
Was Starbucks' #racetogether good or bad marketing for Starbucks?
How should a business plan look like for a new online store?
Should I purchase email list to help grow my business?
What is the business model of chaayos?
What is Parkrun's business model?
I'm preparing for my son to be a billionaire in the future. So which business should I invest in that will develop strongly in the future?
What is an over the top strategy?
What exactly does the term business model mean?
What are some businesses that can be automated?
Can you provide examples of some old school standard company practices that would be embarrassing today?
Why do tech companies rarely include features which are suggested by their customers? Couldn't this be a competitive advantage?
Has Amway rebranded to escape fraud accusations?
How does one learn about business strategy?
What is in your opinion the most innovative business plan?
What is the business plan of Uber?
What is patreon's business model?
What are the key details that need to be ironed out when meeting with a potential business partner?
What is "string of pearls" strategy in business/Acquisitions?
What bits of business strategy theory from the twentieth century are still relevant in this century?
What are best practices, pro tips and top how-to guides for both Airbnb hosts and guests, respectively? Best case if they come from the same source
What are some characteristics of winner-takes-all industries? What are some examples of these industries?
How do I make my business very sucessfull within 10 years from scratch (India)?
Is profitability in an industry high if all of Porter's Five Forces are low except the threat of new entrants?
It is harmful to be involved in different business areas?
When are you at your best?
Who is the best CEO in world as per your views and why?
Josh Kopelman: How many companies do you look at before finalizing a deal? What are your deal sources? What tools do you use?
Art Business: When transitioning from hobby artist to professional. What are some wise financial moves?
How much does writing a business plan cost?
Could there be a business model serving low income people?
How do big corporations like Facebook benefit from providing free services like Whatsapp?
What are some ways to optimize and increase the rate of conversion?
What went wrong with Starbucks Race Together campaign?
What is a tradinf strategy?
Why did Apple decide to open an app development center in Europe?
Will WhatsApp's plan to monetize through businesses be successful?
When companies die, do they destroy all the knowledge that's contained inside them?
Sales Strategy: Should a startup general trading company target with business developers, account representatives, or channel managers appointing sub-distributors? 
How did the debt rating industry evolve to become dominated by 3 big players given that the barrier of entry is not high?
What is accentiv business model?
Would there be any IT companies in Vadodara allow me to sell their services to clients abroad?
What is the best way to build a lean business plan?
Why was your business the best over your competitors?
How likely is merger between Xilinx and Qualcomm?
Andrew Ng: How would you approach collecting the data and preparing the dataset for specific niche if you had to do it on your own with limited budget?
What is the business model of ZoukLoans.com?
I was working for a start up, I recently left but I feel like I know what they were doing wrong. Should I go ahead and rebuild the idea myself?
Is it possible that Microsoft replaces Lumia brand with Surface for smartphones?
How can I write business plan and how to implement with job?
Is it wise to build a new company that's dependent on Google Apps APIs? Is this too risky?
Brands and Branding: What makes Pokemon such an enduring brand?
Would a new deeply strategic chess-like game be popular?
[SM] What is the Abell's Framework for doing business?
What technological changes will create the most opportunities for new startups over the next 2-3 years?
Im working on a business plan to get in consumer details. What are these information worth?
This is to all entrepreneurs. How useful is Startup India as compared to the business strategies of other countries?
How can I properly manage my many businesses?
Instead of competing with each other, why don't rival companies form a cartel?
Why might Intel want to acquire Altera? What are the strategic and operational benefits?
How can I enhance my business/saas vocabulary so I can understand what Jason m lemkin is saying?
What is the business analysis of a wooden rocking horse?
What is the business model of ZiPi?
Will more Fortune 500 companies start running crowdfunding campaigns for their products?
Can Twitter's struggle to monetize hold any lessons for Quora?
How can businesses best partner with universities to mutual benefit?
I’m selling wheels and tires, decided to expand my business onto marketplaces, where should I start?
How do I monetize a digital newslaper?
I am a serial entrepreneur. I am broke now but working on a product. How can I survive till I reach a stage where investors can come in?
What are some important questions to ask when first approaching a potential manufacturer of large plastic parts?
What is "Strategic Default"; on an individual level as well as Institutional level?
What is the business model of stepathon?
What are some creative/clever ways people made their businesses profitable?
What are the factors behind Groupon's decline given its price decline of 90% since IPO (Jan2016)?
WHat is the full scale of break-even analysis in Business Development?
How do you spot potential issues on a Cashflow forecast?
What were some mid-sized to large companies that went from hero to zero within 5 years? What business lessons can we draw?
Is there any strategic planning management software for identifying best markets for launching products or services?
What are some strategic/clever ways to use online tools to improve your business?
Should I be complimenting my competitors in a blog post if they have a feature I don't currently have or if they do something better than my website?
I have a general shop, but out from main market, beside this how can I improve my business?
What is the best way to find if a product has business value?
What are some examples of the best business strategies in history?
How do airline companies profile themselves?
What's the longest and shortest spans of time you have ever held on to a private business for?
What is the best way to structure and layout your notes in a consulting case study interview?
Can you find app development / strategy advice folks on Quora for a start up business & what is the best way to Connect (if any)?
What is the most important criteria to check when developing a financial plan for a small business?
What is the AT&T/DirecTV merger? What is it about and why is it important?
I see advertising posters with local maps at supermarkets and railway stations etc in the UK. Are these provided for free by the ad companies?
Which is the best strategy for on a demand service?
How can you scale a business using highly consistent processes?
What is the business model of tolexo.com?
How do you generate leads for your Business right now?
Having a good business strategy for a global company, how would you sell them the project and receive at least 25% of the profit?
When will contactless EMV for the US become an actual market demand?
Whom to approach to make a blue print of a business plan?
Does the concept of enlightened self interest enter into the corporate board room ?
What data about a strip center's customers would be most useful to an owner who's objective is to build more space and maximize aggregate revenue?
Amazon (company): What's the reason Amazon's (email) customer service is practically useless for any any deeper question relating to their platform, services, offers?
How do Pepsi and CocaCola keep their formula secret when they are bottled in the same plant?
What are the subtle benefits of a merger?
Is it good idea to sell fresh plants online in India? If yes, then what should be my strategy?
Why don't more companies run themselves like Nucor did?
What are the main differences in the content of a prospectus and normal business plan?
How do you start a distribution business?
I have a business in the USA. With the AUD so low, should I convert the USD to AUD and pay off debt in Australia, or leave it in the US business?
Should I leave my family who is not letting me to grow my business?
What you think are the best event apps must-have's in 2016?
What went wrong with Sandy Weil's business model of a financial supermarket given that it looked fine initially?
Why doesn't HBO drop prices to $10 per month and grow subscribers?
Things being equal, would it be more advantageous for an American company to cross-list its shares on Norway's Oslo Bors or the SIX Swiss Exchange?
What is the best way in Texas to form a business with two people who have a desire to operate multiple business lines?
What steps are there to creating a business model?
Is it wise to start a business in Interior Designing who has already own a business in Interior decoration?
Chamath Palihapitiya: What market strategies did you implement during your time at Facebook to increase the user base?
Can Bunnings slack off now that Masters will be closing down?
What do I need to know before setting up a fresh yoghurt business in Ghana?
What are some interesting researches done to measure efficacy of merger and acquisition on share prices?
How can set theory be applied in management?
How does a video streaming website earn money?
How can the web give a company a competitive advantage?
Business Strategy: How can I regard and encourage my sales agents to working as a team rather then against each other in the same region?
What is so great about developing a financial plan for a small business?
When is Quora going to implement its monetization plans?
What profit margin should we give to our wholesale clothing clients? Our clients have almost 50% profit margin, is it too much from our end?
What should you know for business?
Who creates business plan for a film?
What do you think is most important for success in business?
How can I write a business plan for a restaurant?
How do I get new clients for a language school?
Is it a good strategy for a SaaS company to let customers customize their pricing plan?
How does Alibaba make money?
What is Medium's business model?
What are some interesting ways a company has extricated itself from a public relations nightmare?
I know some licensed alcohol retailers who like to make their business online in West Bengal. Is it legal?
Can I take credit card loan to fund business?
Where can I learn to build a business plan or business model?
What are some sectors that will completely die out in the next 10-15 years?
Why doesn't Coca Cola sell Thums Up (the market leader in India) in foreign markets?
I'm preparing for my son to be a billionaire in the future. So which business should I invest in that will develop strongly in the future?
How can I break into the hair product industry? I have a deep passion for product development within the black hair product industry. Where do I start?
What exactly does the term business model mean?
How do I set up restaurant delivery business plan?
Can you provide examples of some old school standard company practices that would be embarrassing today?
How does one learn about business strategy?
We want to buy a business for $1.1mil, expand it for $900k which should net~$350k/yr. We have $550k and will need a business loan. Is this doable?
What is the business plan of Uber?
Are there business models that act similar to VC but uses development as an investment instead of Money?
How do I make my business very sucessfull within 10 years from scratch (India)?
BabyNmOm: How does Bey Bee Business Model work?
What are 4 phases of the strategic planning process and how they align IS (Information Systems) with business goals and objectives?
We have a software business that we likely will sell to IBM/Dell/Cisco/Citrix/HP - what advisor/banker should we appoint to aid us in the process?
I run a business that gives free to mainly tourist in highly dense downtown areas. We make money off sponsors on our vehicles. Is this sustainable?
Is profitability in an industry high if all of Porter's Five Forces are low except the threat of new entrants?
How much do app developers make should they become successful with their product? What amount of money defines as success in this business?
It is harmful to be involved in different business areas?
How do you know if a business partnership is right for your business? They are valuing their skill as payment for partnership.
What is the best way to use digital media to grow your business?
I have a brilliant idea to improve an everyday item. I don't have the money for a patent. What's the next step?
I am interested in strategic marketing from MICA Ahmedabad and strategic design management from NID. Which is better as both respect creativity?
What is the importance of and alignment between IT strategy and business strategy?
How the Bulk SMS going to help the retail industries?
How much does writing a business plan cost?
When I'm trying to recruit business partners, how do I go about telling them the idea without being paranoid of them potentially stealing it?
What is business model of room on call?
Is it necessary to have a well documented Business plan before finding an investor?
How do big corporations like Facebook benefit from providing free services like Whatsapp?
Will WhatsApp's plan to monetize through businesses be successful?
What are some valuable tips and advice to sell more products?
Does business intelligence software development course have a good future? If so what are the opportunities?
Chamath Palihapitiya: What should be the role of india in Africa, as a economic partner or a strategic?
When/how do companies decide to mention their competitor in advertisements?
How did the debt rating industry evolve to become dominated by 3 big players given that the barrier of entry is not high?
What is a good business to business service?
Is Queen's University's ICBC Canada's most prestigious case competition?
What business model should I use for my financial trading startup?
What does it take to own your business?
What is accentiv business model?
Chamath Palihapitiya: What are your views on business models where users/consumers start owning a business as they use a service/product?
How different are Peter Thiel and Elon Musk as people, in the way they run businesses, their philosophies, their ambitions, etc.?
Joe Lonsdale: What are your plans for Palantir Australia?
Would there be any IT companies in Vadodara allow me to sell their services to clients abroad?
Joe Lonsdale: How do you stay on top of all your enterprises?
Which one are the true MLM based buisness companies and are not playing with the general public as in pyramidal type of buisness model?
How can I write business plan and how to implement with job?
How do other companies expect to compete with Amazon's online shopping?
[SM] What is the Abell's Framework for doing business?
Im working on a business plan to get in consumer details. What are these information worth?
What is careerbuilders business model?
This is to all entrepreneurs. How useful is Startup India as compared to the business strategies of other countries?
Why do some creative agencies think they know the business of their clients bettter than the actual business owners?
What is the business analysis of a wooden rocking horse?
How can I stop customers from bargaining in my South Asian fashion retail store, located in Canada?
What is the business model of ZiPi?
Can Twitter's struggle to monetize hold any lessons for Quora?
Is it necessary to crush your competitors in order to be successful in business?
How can businesses best partner with universities to mutual benefit?
What's it like to work in BlackRock's Corporate strategy and development team?
I’m selling wheels and tires, decided to expand my business onto marketplaces, where should I start?
How do I monetize a digital newslaper?
How to monetize a service where users wait for their output (generated video)
What do you need it to grow your business in 2016?
What lies ahead for Salesforce? How does the CRM space play out?
What are some examples of startups that were hyped from the start and lived up to the hype?
What are the steps to reform a company as a new company after being shut down?
What are the best (text) books about systems and processes?
What are some important questions to ask when first approaching a potential manufacturer of large plastic parts?
What is Qwant's business model?
What is the business model of stepathon?
What are the basics of business strategy?
How do I analyze a company's capability of internationalization?
What are Amazon's (the whole company's) main competitors? Competition have to exist, if their customer service sucks for specialty, high ticket items.
Which is the top country in growing business?
How can I start retail medicine store in India?
Can I make a business making custom PCs?
Joe Lonsdale: What was your biggest challenge in creating and selling software to the US Government?
What characistics company owner should have beyond what employees do?
Is there any strategic planning management software for identifying best markets for launching products or services?
Looking back a few years, today in January 2016, what could have LivingSocial done differently?
I have a general shop, but out from main market, beside this how can I improve my business?
Can you find app development / strategy advice folks on Quora for a start up business & what is the best way to Connect (if any)?
What do you mean by Strategic sale by government in PSUs?
What is the AT&T/DirecTV merger? What is it about and why is it important?
Having a good business strategy for a global company, how would you sell them the project and receive at least 25% of the profit?
Why do so many of the world's largest insurance carriers and insurance brokers not offer life insurance?
Business Strategy: I found a local pizza place that makes incredible pizza yet is cheap. How can I take it forward?
What does the owner of a growing business think? What are the concern or point of focus for these people?
Sales Targets - How can I plan on achieving financial growth for the business?
How are business names or ideas sold?
Which canadian companies make business in Latin America?
How do I evaluate the strategic defense initiative?
How frequently does someone who tries business get good at business? Is the principle of business more than just accumulating wealth?
What is functional organizational structure?
What are the main differences in the content of a prospectus and normal business plan?
How do you start a distribution business?
How do you feel about tsu.co as a business model?
What website should I use for my tutoring business?
How do I grow my online business?
Startup Advice and Strategy: Where's the first place you'd look to acquire your first customer without reaching out to your warm market?
What is the best answer for business analysis process work flow?
Why doesn't HBO drop prices to $10 per month and grow subscribers?
Why is it so expensive to get a business plan written?
What steps are there to creating a business model?
How does Amazon make so much money yet sell their products so cheap?
How much time would you reasonably spend testing your startup prototype before giving up?
Chamath Palihapitiya: What market strategies did you implement during your time at Facebook to increase the user base?
How does business model work for B2B apps?
How can the web give a company a competitive advantage?
How are websites like way2sms.com created and how do they operate?
Are there any home-based internships that do not have a location constraint?
What do you think is most important for success in business?
Is there a good sample business plan with financials for a business to business barter exchange startup?
How can I help businesses to try a new business model and get paid for it?
What are the pros and cons of developing a business plan?
Business Strategy: When the Ford Model T first started to hit the streets, where did the owners refuel them or receive maintenance?
How can I get $20k as personal investment with guaranteed returning in 1 year, with 20% interest, without a business plan?
How does Babajob.com make money?
What are some opportunities and markets which Apple continues to miss?
Which strategies can be applied in the company to increase participation in improvement campaigns?
How do I make a successful car wash & motor oil shop?
Do most people start hedge funds by themselves, without a cofounders?
Does Care.com's business model work?
Whenever I have an idea for a business I always find that someone else has already done it. Upon seeing this should I be giving up or thinking more?
What are the best ideas for NGO to be implemented on remote villages?
Are there business models that act similar to VC but uses development as an investment instead of Money?
How is Hortonworks making money?
Who are LiveRamp's competitors?
Is there any difference between a marketplace business model and a sharing economy business model? What is that difference?
I run a business that gives free to mainly tourist in highly dense downtown areas. We make money off sponsors on our vehicles. Is this sustainable?
What is the best way to determine pricing levels in tiered structure?
What are some common mistakes that people make when developing a business plan?
What is the Asian Strategic Order made up of?
I am interested in strategic marketing from MICA Ahmedabad and strategic design management from NID. Which is better as both respect creativity?
What are the disadvantages of Retail strategic planning?
What is playbill's business model?
By which strategy 3 e-commerce giant coexist in a same marketplace?
How does Netflix determine the profitability of its originals? How does it differ from how it determines the profitability of the other content?
Why is Amazon selling its own brand of semiconductor chips? How does that fit into its overall strategy? What might it achieve?
How the Bulk SMS going to help the retail industries?
What is babajob.com business model?
Startup Advice and Strategy: How do you set up a company to take it public?
How do effective marketing campaigns reach people fast enough to build a big business?
What does it take to own your business?
How do I make business management a fun subject?
How do companies who teach others business, manage to retain employees? (Blogging, youtubing, FBA, REI etc)
Chamath Palihapitiya: What are your views on business models where users/consumers start owning a business as they use a service/product?
Go-to-market strategies: What is the best go-to-market strategy for an "internships and graduate jobs" web startup?
What are the steps for monitory revenue?
What's the business model of opinion poll firms?
What international markets should I focus on for growing my business in 2016?
What are some small business processes that need simplifying?
Where can I find online forums to discuss about business management, strategy, administration, analytics?
According to you what is the single most important quality a person need to run a big enterprise?
What are your favorite phrases or strategies to use to get a bid up through email conmunication only?
Which customers are using Mautic for marketing automation? Are there any Telecom customers?
Do you think building iOS app is much profitable than Android?
Is it true that most startups start in adversity? If yes, why is it so?
What's the crux of your life-long business experience? If you have to sum up your advice for a new entrepreneur, what would it be?
Why does Amazon want to promote overnight shipping? Does it help their business?
What's it like to work in BlackRock's Corporate strategy and development team?
What is the best strategy that the business owners can use?
Can I pay someone to start and grow a business for me?
Why should I stay in local independent hotels versus large chains?
How common is it to see someone outsourcing projects they are doing for other clients as their main business strategy?
What are some ways in which I can differentiate my sandwich/panini cafe from others?
What are unique or fascinating business experiments you conducted and what were the results?
As a entrepreneur, which steps should be taken to expand my IT business?
Can GDP (Gross Domestic Product) direct control in Forex?
What is so great about developing a business plan for a business?
What is Hollister's mission statement? How do they strive to fulfill it?
How do grocery stores identify sites for new stores?
Where should I position my money in 2016 if I'm worried both stocks and bonds are overvalued?
What are Amazon's (the whole company's) main competitors? Competition have to exist, if their customer service sucks for specialty, high ticket items.
How can I start retail medicine store in India?
How do you start a small investing firm? Do investments need to be stock market based, or can we invest in less or even self-regulated markets?
Where can I read more about Google's strategy for its various products/services?
A VC bought my company and now wants me to move to the US to expand the business. What should I ask for?
Is it a good idea to spend $100k on a failing restaurant in hopes of being able to turn it around?
How do I build a business which leverages a nearby upcoming airport?
I am building a growth strategy for a business I would like to takeover and run, what should it look like?
Is LinkedIn starting to decline in terms of business growth and new user registering on the website?
How the e-business strategy is different from singular strategy while designing and implementing?
What is the business model of cars24.com ?
What are the implications of comScore and Rentrak merger?
Which business do I do if I have been 15lakh for more profitability?
I have just taken a franchise of a popular restaurant. What promotional activities can I undertake to improve my business?
How can companies benefit from opening source of their software?
What are the online services that you recommenced doing my business plan with?
Why do I have a hard time respecting consultants?
How do I find good business plan templates?
Is Peter Thiel correct that individuals should be less concerned with competition and more focused on creating creative monopolies?
What would happen if Facebook would charge for Liking the posts?
I want to rent/buy a shop in a very busy area of Hyderabad. How do I know if there are shops available for rent or sale when all is occupied?
What psychological tricks do retailers use to get people to spend more money?
What are the best practice to make your business more prolific in upcoming 2016?
How does Product Hunt hunt a product?
How do I get bigger accounts/companies/enterprises in my portfolio for my web design business?
In a legal case where evidence is held by a US company, say Whatsapp, could that evidence be requested by a country other than US? For example Brazil
How would it be to re-lauch a product that was popular a decade ago but people havent heard about in present days?
How does kiwi.qa monetize?
What can I do to perform my business better under pressure?
Does an existing business, specific type of business, organization or model dedicate itself to making every last dollar in the world?
How can I monetize AquariumHobby.com?
What are the best business strategies for tour and travel company in 2016?
Can people pay you to build business models?
What is Google's strategy with Google Express? Why do they want to get in to delivery business?
Is English the main language that matters in business and technology?
Which monopoly product we have to produce in surat for best business and lowest investment?
How would you sell to a community? How do you reach them?
Can I really earn money doing affiliate marketing in Facebook?
How is the strategy of established companies affected by the increasing popularity among young talent to ditch stable jobs and go after startups?
What other sectors should apply the Uber model?
How do you build merger companies?
How do I start a transportation/highway engineering consultancy?
If your business relies on having users should you chase users averse to your business or search for users open to it?
What does success in business really mean in your opinion?
What is the business model of Money view?
Discuss what is meant by the concepts of competitive advantage and sustained competitive advantage in the context of information systems?
Are there current profitable companies that solved a need "after" having created it? How did they do that?
What are example of a good strategic plan?
What tools do you use to tie corporate goals to project execution?
What was the strategy in Parle Agro selling its beverages stake to Coca Cola company in India when it had a major share in Indian soft drinks market?
Is there such a thing as franchising services?
Where are the game theory models applied in the real world problems for strategy solutions?
Where is the best business network?
How can StumbleUpon help me boost my business?
Should you keep running a business even though there are no possibilities for growth?
How do I sell my products directly in the global business market? How it will help my business to grow?
What are the 5 most effective ways to get customers?
How do I improve my business?
Would Nest have performed better if it stayed independent? 
What is the business model for Amscot?
What time does Starbucks open and close? How are their hours set?
Can a person alone code an app like Instagram?
What is the process to set up a vegetarian tiffins business in India?
What product should Nest launch next?
What are a few ways to explain to a client that you charge based on value?
Can becoming a Scientologist help me grow my business and wealth?
I have a great idea to create a mobile app, there's no app competing, what should I do to get funds and create it?
How can I earn from an Amazon affiliate in 24 hours?
How can I make $350 a day from a online business?
What will be an average time to turn around a company?
Which business principles can we emphasize quantity being more important than quality for in the small business world and business world in general?
What are some factors to consider when planning a new system in a company?
Business: how often do customers and clients become employees, business partners, acquaintances, investors all pertaining to your business persona?
Are you looking to grow and expand your business to new horizons?
What is Contiki's business model?
What is an example of a business plan competition?
Should I sell my business, let my employees run it, or shut it down?
What is the best way to manage a business while remaining in a job?
What are things that I should disclose or not while submitting a business plan?
Do Apple iPhone sales show that China + Asia will be their backbone for the future?
What are example of strategic planning?
What is the Business model of Burnbill?
Why don't companies follow Apple and focus on organic growth versus fomo investing?
What should I think about first, my product or my business plan?
Where can I get information on the business side of aviation?
I'm driving myself nuts. I own a successful company and can't help but want more. Should I just focus on the businesses?
Gambling: How do casinos ultimately make money?
What are the subjects I have to master to be able to build companies from idea to profitable reality?
Which insitute is best for business analysis course in delhi?
What is the business model of education agents?
How do I get my clients to entrust me with their real life jobs, so that I can feel their pain and invent better solutions for them?
Where can I find real-world SaaS go-to-market strategic plans?
How can I overcome the confusion of reviving my dead business?
What business strategies or advice will help scale a company from 1 million to 10 million in revenue?
What are the growth strategies of product?
Where can I find business partners in the USA?
What are the quantitative techniques that every undergraduate business student should know?
What is the least and most number of clients any two or multiple companies could possibly share in the US, if each company has 1 million clients?
What do you think about a Tesla-Uber merger?
Can you suggest catchy names for a medium scale restaurant to be started in Bangalore ?
How can I make my coffee shop great?
I am from Azerbaijan and country's national currency got devaluated a lot. How can I profit from the situation?
What business could a 16 year old start and run from home with a minimal budget?
Who usually bears the inventory risk in retail?
Was withholding evidence in Brazil a stupid business move from Facebook regarding the Whatsapp shutdown case?
What is the reason behind the failure of Amul chocolates?
How can I increase success with my business and have more time to enjoy life?
How can vendor in supermarket chain expand the business?
How do you start a service providing company as a young engineer that doesn't have the experience to seem credible?
What is a good business plan?
How do casinos use psychology to make you spend more than you planned?
What is the business model of cars24.com ?
What are the key elements of any business plan?
How can I help someone grow a business, let them run it after its profitable, and just receive a share of the business and profits?
I have just taken a franchise of a popular restaurant. What promotional activities can I undertake to improve my business?
Why do people like Starbucks so much when you can get just as good coffee from other places for less?
Is there any business plan in India which is not converted to business till yet?
How do I find good business plan templates?
What are the pull strategy and push strategy of apple?
What are few websites that allow us to make business graphs?
How can someone succesfully start and run a volunteering group?
What is Symantec's business model?
What is Eastman Kodak's main strategy as it attempts to survive into the future?
What would happen if Facebook would charge for Liking the posts?
What is the beat way to get started as a small moving company?
I have 100,000$ , I would like to start a outdoor digital advertising company. Is it a good idea?
How do I make a business viability plan for an irrigation management and automation idea, that I have?
What jobs are accessible to someone whose only work experience is 2 years of corporate strategy inside an industry that does not interest him/her?
Hypothetically, if you were the CEO of jet.com, how would you go about the task of competing (strategically) with Amazon over the next 5 years. (Conditions - no exits other than IPO)?
What can I do to perform my business better under pressure?
What is the problem with strategic study?
How can I monetize AquariumHobby.com?
How will capital rationing affect a business?
How do I turn around a team that habitually under performs significantly?
I have a small snack business now I want to expand in big business .how do I go about it?
What are some companies that connect other companies to their clients?
Which is the best business or job?
How do I expand my statements?
Is it possible for a registered doctor to illegally steal drugs from a hospital without anybody knowing?
Which monopoly product we have to produce in surat for best business and lowest investment?
What will be the best monetization strategy for Quora?
Is obsession the most important factor in entrepreneurship?
How is the strategy of established companies affected by the increasing popularity among young talent to ditch stable jobs and go after startups?
As an account manager (hotel e-commerce), what should be my approach and strategy towards my inactive corporate clients?
Which were the top disruptions of 2015 in the business world?
What does success in business really mean in your opinion?
How did you launch your product abroad?
Does chains like CCD make their own products like burger, nachos, etc?
Why doesn't In-N-Out expand to other areas of the U.S.?
Can anyone help with a concise business plan for a gift business?
What should I prepare to open a business which provides bungee jumping to people?
How can domestic companies thrive locally in the face of international competition?
Are there current profitable companies that solved a need "after" having created it? How did they do that?
What do you look for in the cooperation with software house / development company?
Is there such a thing as franchising services?
How do you turn a great website idea into a business with no prior experience in tech and coding?
Where is the best business network?
How can StumbleUpon help me boost my business?
What is Maersk's business model?
What is the best membership solution as a stand alone product?
What are some examples of the business strategies used by Microsoft when Bill Gates was in charge?
How do I improve my business?
Adam D'Angelo: How much important it is to be located in Bay Area while launching a tech company?
I have a great idea to create a mobile app, there's no app competing, what should I do to get funds and create it?
What are the important things that every marketing manager must focus on before creating a marketing plan?
How do businesses and business entities go global, or gain permission to be global entities that operate globally?
Adam D'Angelo: When is Quora going to monetize and what is your business structure?
What are the key strategic steps to scale a tech product which already has lead users?
What are some tips on hiring Class A Drivers?
What should my strategy be if I want to compete with Starbucks' coffee?
What is the best business development strategy?
What is the best way to manage a business while remaining in a job?
When did "win-win" (as opposed to "win-lose" constant competition) first enter the Western business mind as a reasonable business strategy?
When should a new business consider taking out a loan?
How can a startup that offers a complementary new service for users of  bigger companies (websites) avoid to be swallowed by these who can just add it
How do you remunerate advisors for a startup that you're not going to sell?
Why don't companies follow Apple and focus on organic growth versus fomo investing?
What industry would a cloud based service sending out SMS texts for hotels be in?
Adam D'Angelo: How does Quora market itself both online and offline? What marketing strategy works the best?
How do I operate Pay per post?
How Android app development companies are helping enterprises in UAE, Egypt and Turkey?
I'm driving myself nuts. I own a successful company and can't help but want more. Should I just focus on the businesses?
Sheryl Sandberg: What's the ultimate factor that makes a business succeed?
If I want start credit card business then what should be done first, getting merchants who will accept the card or getting customers who will use it?
What are the best strategies to start a business without quitting the job?
Why do stores agglomorate themselves in the same place?
What scientific development in the past 10 years has most improved upon the safety of materials that are subjected to lots of stress?
Samsung’s goal of $400 billion in sales by 2020 would bring it to the same level as Walmart. Is this feasible? Why or why not?
How should I choose between strategic problem-solving approaches?
What is best next step to develop expertise in Business Strategy?
Sheryl Sandberg: What should be the advertising strategy for an educational social network like Quora? Should they use strategy same as Facebook?
What is the best way for a 17 year old to invest time?
Is it legal in Singapore for businesses to plant employees in competitors' firms to persuade them to commit to unwise decisions?
How do I start a restaurant chain in Hyderabad? What things should I keep in mind & how do I start?
How do I evaluate project proposals?
How should I decide the salary structure of my employees in a range of rupees 10000 including their pf?
What are the growth strategies of product?
Adam D'Angelo: What advice would you give to someone unsure of whether they're ready to start their first company?
How do I open a bar in uttrakhan?
Customer need is very narrow however vision and mission should be very broad, how can these two align together?
What process would you follow to devise and confirm a renewed product strategy for a one year old product?
Should someone become humbled if they make a business and fail?
Why does chains like MacD use Franchisee model but CCD owns all its outlets?
How should I proceed in my new venture in robotics?
What do I gain in a professional network as soon as I join one?
What is the reason behind the failure of Amul chocolates?
What is use case point analysis? How can it be effectively used in business?
If a flight is almost empty, will the airline cancel it to cut costs?
What should be the major line items for the operational and financial business models for an aggregator business model?
What is Citibank's business model?
How can vendor in supermarket chain expand the business?
How does IT cost optimization lead to Strategic Business Transformation?
How do casinos use psychology to make you spend more than you planned?
Should I build a business of my own or promote someone else's products as an affiliate?
What would be best tips for establishing business?
In this time which is the best business?1.mobile case accessories 2.food or 3.clothing?
How should a new e-commerce website provide discounts to get new customers and make profit and what is the strategy they should use?
Did Flipkart fail in its 2015 Big Billion Day sale?
How can I help someone grow a business, let them run it after its profitable, and just receive a share of the business and profits?
Is there any business plan in India which is not converted to business till yet?
When evaluating a public consumer discretionary company's stock, what are the most important industry-specific metrics to consider?
What are few websites that allow us to make business graphs?
What are the pull strategy and push strategy of apple?
Is it ok that your ex employee make similar product and beat you to the market?
What is Honeywell's business model?
Is it true that PurelyBusiness offers good information about business setup?
How do big companies promote innovation culture?
How can someone succesfully start and run a volunteering group?
What are the earlier warning signs that a business relationship is heading for disaster? Do you deal with the issues before the business relationship fails?
What is Eastman Kodak's main strategy as it attempts to survive into the future?
Is it good idea to make 95% of a website landing pages?
What is meant by strategic financial planning?
What is the business strategy analyst interview with the International team at Square like?
What jobs are accessible to someone whose only work experience is 2 years of corporate strategy inside an industry that does not interest him/her?
What is the best internet marketing techniques now a day?
How do people use PowerPoint to create a profitable niche?
what is the best references for strategic management to study online?
How do I promote e-learning in my company?
How can we make direct clients?
What were some prosperous industries in the past that have disappeared today?
How do I turn around a team that habitually under performs significantly?
How do I market street food business?
As a student what strategies do you use when you find a certain topic difficult?
What is Forever 21's mission statement?
What are some companies that connect other companies to their clients?
What's the market strategy behind being soft?
How would Facebook Messenger for business actually work and wouldn't it make users get a lot of spam like on Viber?
What are the key partnerships for an info products business?
Which is the best business or job?
What are some good books on strategic thinking?
What were some of the bold moves by a news company?
What is fangdd.com's business model?
Fundraising (business): Why don't successful tech startups issue bonds (eg/- uber, airbnb)?
How may a business begin to expand to provide for international clients?
Which were the top disruptions of 2015 in the business world?
Can anyone help with a concise business plan for a gift business?
To have controlling interest, do I need 51% ownership of a business or are voting rights just as good?
What is the best way for a company to work with multiple staffing agencies?
How do you turn a great website idea into a business with no prior experience in tech and coding?
What is Maersk's business model?
Can anybody guide me for doing business with ship builders in India?
What are some examples of the business strategies used by Microsoft when Bill Gates was in charge?
How important is being in a similar "pricing range" as your competitors in a SaaS business?
As a senior manager how can I deal with an employee who bullies people?
How hard is it for 2 companies to bundle their products together?
How can the right to not compete be a right meant for promoting a business through firms?
How would one run many businesses but keep control?
What are the key strategic steps to scale a tech product which already has lead users?
What do I need to operate a company?
How can local vendors capitilize on the NCAA Basketball Tournament where it is hosted?
What are some tips on hiring Class A Drivers?
What should my strategy be if I want to compete with Starbucks' coffee?
What are the right steps for writing a business plan?
I have heard a lot about business success stories of Dubai. Where can I get information on how to set up a business?
What is the business model for 'Diffen'?
Which is the best business for 50L in chennai or vijayawada (andhra pradesh)?
What is the best business development strategy?
Why is it so difficult to do business in South Africa?
I'm not a designer or animator, but I own an animation studio that makes explainer videos for startups. Do you think I'm capable of taking the studio to the next level or do I need a partner from the creative field?
When did "win-win" (as opposed to "win-lose" constant competition) first enter the Western business mind as a reasonable business strategy?
How do I write an impressive business plan without having knowledge of finance?
Why did Uber choose to launch UberEATS as an independent app in Toronto first?
How do I attract sellers on my business?
How can I convince my CEO that Human Resources is important and adds value to the company?
Does every business have a life span?
How can I make my online business more successful?
What is the easiest/ most profitable brick and mortar business to start?
What industry would a cloud based service sending out SMS texts for hotels be in?
How does the company, Mayvenn, make money and what is their business model?
How do I operate Pay per post?
How Android app development companies are helping enterprises in UAE, Egypt and Turkey?
Sheryl Sandberg: What's the ultimate factor that makes a business succeed?
If I want start credit card business then what should be done first, getting merchants who will accept the card or getting customers who will use it?
What are the best strategies to start a business without quitting the job?
Where can I find help to create a business plan for a video marketing business?
Is there a way to view every business in your state?
Why do stores agglomorate themselves in the same place?
What scientific development in the past 10 years has most improved upon the safety of materials that are subjected to lots of stress?
Who is your entrepreneurial (or professional) mentor or role model and why?
How should I choose between strategic problem-solving approaches?
What is best next step to develop expertise in Business Strategy?
Sheryl Sandberg: What should be the advertising strategy for an educational social network like Quora? Should they use strategy same as Facebook?
What is the best way for a 17 year old to invest time?
Is it legal in Singapore for businesses to plant employees in competitors' firms to persuade them to commit to unwise decisions?
How do you build a business that will ask customers and clients, "where do you want to be in life?" and then monetize that outcome?
For any business owner, how has networking and socializing help your business grow and could you tell me the story of when you first realized your business was growing beyond your expectation?
How do you use outsourcing to build and operate businesses that will generate revenue?
How do office psychopaths/ sociopaths choose who they torment?
What would an aggressive car company strategy look like to stay relevant?
How should I decide the salary structure of my employees in a range of rupees 10000 including their pf?
How is leverage used in business, especially among low-risk business practices often found among peer-to-peer business networks?
You are an ice-cream seller and find an open stretch on the beach with a uniform distribution of customers, where do you position yourself and why?
Is it better to (1) build a product then find a market for the product or (2) Find an underserved market and design a product tailored to the customers' needs?
What is the purpose and value of internal newsletters? What are the best practices to make these useful?
What is the impact of the sharing economy on firm organisation and market organisation?
How does a company pick the best staffing agency?
Customer need is very narrow however vision and mission should be very broad, how can these two align together?
What process would you follow to devise and confirm a renewed product strategy for a one year old product?
What are the common/best/effective ways of selling products in Asia?
What are the merits of a sole proprietorship business?
How is ownership split among members of a merger?
Will most business people/ entrepreneurs use calculus?
How should I proceed in my new venture in robotics?
What is the best city in the USA in which to open an upscale brasserie?
What do I gain in a professional network as soon as I join one?
How do I order a Starbucks reserve coffee?
What is the strategic argument behind the sale of bottled water 1L less expensive that 1/2 L?
What is use case point analysis? How can it be effectively used in business?
If a flight is almost empty, will the airline cancel it to cut costs?
Does Criteo have unlimited vacation policy for the Engineering team in Palo Alto?
What is Citibank's business model?
What could be reason of myntra moving away from its App only strategy?
What books are there on how to start a hedge fund/understanding the strategies they use, not hedge funds for dummies?
Should I build a business of my own or promote someone else's products as an affiliate?
What would be best tips for establishing business?
In this time which is the best business?1.mobile case accessories 2.food or 3.clothing?
How should a new e-commerce website provide discounts to get new customers and make profit and what is the strategy they should use?
Did Flipkart fail in its 2015 Big Billion Day sale?
If you have a greater understanding of language that you feel you can monetize for your own good, how can you incorporate the idea into a real business?
What would you have done if Google had actually got bought for $1million when you were pitching it around and the acquirer had screwed it up?
Are there any free, publicly available databases of U.S. mergers and acquisitions?
Do I have to lower the price of lucrative products in order to keep customer with us?
When evaluating a public consumer discretionary company's stock, what are the most important industry-specific metrics to consider?
Is it ok that your ex employee make similar product and beat you to the market?
What is Honeywell's business model?
How do you build lucrative mutual fund companies?
How does the OnePlus One business model work?
How detailed should my business plan be?
What is The Home Depot's business model? How does it differ from other hardware stores?
What happens to our investment in mutual fund if AMC decides to end the fund?
What are the earlier warning signs that a business relationship is heading for disaster? Do you deal with the issues before the business relationship fails?
What is meant by strategic financial planning?
Where can I find a useful example of technology plan for a small non-profit organisation?
What is the best strategy for coming up with a business name?
As a sr. web developer how do you develop more business relationships with school districts? We are currently e-mail listing and cold calling and that works okay but I wonder if it's a better way to scale up geographically?
Who is Davina Porter?
How can I expand my dad's Farshan (namkin) business outside the gujarat?
What is the best way of business development?
Is there any other alternative for Yahoo! except selling off its core Internet business?
Are there any examples of football (soccer) management strategies being applied to other industry and it turning out to be successful?
How do people use PowerPoint to create a profitable niche?
What is the Amway's business plan?
What does a Partner Manager do at Netflix?
what is the best references for strategic management to study online?
How many types of marketing exist?
How can we make direct clients?
What is Forever 21's mission statement?
How would Facebook Messenger for business actually work and wouldn't it make users get a lot of spam like on Viber?
What are the key partnerships for an info products business?
What are some good books on strategic thinking?
What makes Amway a good business model? What are the disadvantages of this model?
What are some reference for finance and business strategy?
Is there a workaround for creating workflows in the HubSpot CRM if you don't have the HubSpot marketing tool?
In the midst of a merger, is it wise to request vacation immediately before and after the merger is finalized?
What is the best option for small investment in India as a part time business or silent partner?
Fundraising (business): Why don't successful tech startups issue bonds (eg/- uber, airbnb)?
How may a business begin to expand to provide for international clients?
What are the mechanisms in a company to keep an eye on the strategy of the rivals?
What are the steps to creating a product strategy?
How do you decide the intrinsic value of a new venture that you decide to fund?
Is it compulsory for PC chip makers (Intel, AMD) to join with OEMs (HP, Lenovo, Dell etc) to sell PCs or laptops?
How did Cebu Pacific Air become such a big airline? How did they keep growing when other international carriers seem to be struggling?
I noticed that the top businessmen/women don't rely on Google to find people or information, how can I start to rely on actual people for information that I need?
How can intranets help a business?
Which tax-haven island incorporation has flexibility of movement of deposit should you decide to relocate your money to a new country?
How does one transition from management consulting into a prominent role in business strategy or risk management?
How are companies like Quora, Slack, Uber, Flipkart, Alibaba and Xiaomi using Deep Learning / Machine Learning / AI to improve the user experience?
How do you use outsourcing companies to build high yielding businesses?
How can one find merger or acquisition opportunity for their startup?
What are the best examples of growing money by leverage?
How can I build a business centered around single board computers?
For academic proposes. Where can I find the best information about nine west shoes (strategic management)?
What is ExxonMobil's strategy?
What are non-altruistic, business reasons for Mark Zuckerberg's $45bn giveaway, if any?
Is e-biz a good venture for a first year student of a reputed NIT? What are the dangers, if any?
What is the strategy of food ordering apps as I have seen that up to last year they we're offering cash back of up to 100% which decreased to almost zero this month?
What is the business model of Transfix?
Can you save *yourself* from going bankrupt with a mortgage by using a business which is incorporated (could be your own) to take a home?
How do I transform a 20 year old company to a millionaire one?
How can the right to not compete be a right meant for promoting a business through firms?
In general, why does Google advertise?
Can a business model be the same as a strategy map?
Business Strategy: Why do some commercial things are tagged at sloppy range?
How would one run many businesses but keep control?
How a bank branch improve its business in a highly competetive business environment?
How can local vendors capitilize on the NCAA Basketball Tournament where it is hosted?
Is there a list of hedge funds or mutual funds that invest in fintech?
Business Strategy: You are given US$100 by your university lecturer, what`s the best way to grow it into as much as possible?
What is the business model for 'Diffen'?
Where can I find models of free business plan for entrepreneurs?
Which is the best business for 50L in chennai or vijayawada (andhra pradesh)?
If I developed and sold a software solution to my client along with its copyright, can I rebuild similar module /script and sell to other people later on?
What are the Wealth earning business strategy to be applied at Kumbh Mela?
How important is the effectiveness of a CEO? Is this the person in a business with the most important job?
How do I write an impressive business plan without having knowledge of finance?
How do I partner with LinkedIn?
How can I convince my CEO that Human Resources is important and adds value to the company?
Does every business have a life span?
How can I make my online business more successful?
What is the easiest/ most profitable brick and mortar business to start?
How can I get business for my International call centre?
If I could offer a product that would show - almost realtime - what people are searching for on the web, who would potentially buy such a product and how much could I charge for it?
Will a Net Promoter Score improve your business outcomes when correlated to the number of new client's?
What kind of shared services exist within the WPP group that provide efficiencies due to the scale?
What's the purpose of companies spinning off into a separate company in other countries?
Our employees are on a flexible schedule. They have a set number of visits on their schedule that need to be completed per day.  They can take as many breaks and lunches as they would like or none at all. Which hours are billable?
Is there a way to view every business in your state?
Who is your entrepreneurial (or professional) mentor or role model and why?
How can I get a junior role on an investor track if I'm not off the 2-yr IB assembly line?
Anyone familiar with MeraCRM?
How do you build a business that will ask customers and clients, "where do you want to be in life?" and then monetize that outcome?
I had a really good idea at work and now after so much work it's a success, only now my boss has taken control of it and forced me to move to a new role and is taking credit for it. What can I do?
What is the best way for The Home Depot to continue to grow?
What are the various business models for privacy-related browser extensions?
How could digital marketing be improved?
Is it better to (1) build a product then find a market for the product or (2) Find an underserved market and design a product tailored to the customers' needs?
What is the purpose and value of internal newsletters? What are the best practices to make these useful?
What do strategy houses - in particular MBB - think about Strategy&?
What is the next big strategy for Indian ecommerce companies to boost their profits?
Is there any difference between Groupon's failed business model with restaurants and Classpass attempt to apply the model to fitness studios?
What are the merits of a sole proprietorship business?
Will most business people/ entrepreneurs use calculus?
What is the best city in the USA in which to open an upscale brasserie?
How much should I charge for a marketing consultancy fee?
Is AT&T inexpensive under certain circumstances, or do other companies still trump their wholesale values under certain plans and if so, what companies?
What is the best option when a competitor appears next door?
Why do mail services charge for registered agent services when it cost them nothing?
What is the initial setup cost for a bakery in Mumbai?
What is Nike's formula for success?
What are the stages of business process management?
How do you monetize passion for digital content services?
What is the Grofers mission and vision statement?
Why haven't the Indian restaurants and fast food chains adopted the concept of drive-throughs in India yet?
What is the opening cost of starbucks and why doesnt it open in chandigarh?
How does product companies manage insights and learnings across the company so that, as a whole move fast?
Do I have to lower the price of lucrative products in order to keep customer with us?
What should a small business plan look like?
What makes the Internet such a powerful tool in terms of business and in general too?
How do I make right decisions if I am given many responsibilities but no strategic knowledge?
What happens to our investment in mutual fund if AMC decides to end the fund?
Why would I use snap chat to improve my business?
What is the best way to get a first sales meeting?
How can hierarchy can hurt strategy execution?
As a sr. web developer how do you develop more business relationships with school districts? We are currently e-mail listing and cold calling and that works okay but I wonder if it's a better way to scale up geographically?
How can I expand my dad's Farshan (namkin) business outside the gujarat?
What should I know about setting up an international strategy consulting business?
What is Runtime Application Self-Protection? Who are the major players and what are their competitive advantages?
How can my media company better customize its Salesforce (or build better processes) to sync up Sales and Ad Ops such that we don't oversell?
Are there any examples of football (soccer) management strategies being applied to other industry and it turning out to be successful?
How can I place my own ATM into someone elses business?
What different ways are there to structure business deals (like rev-shares, performance based warrants)?
Are entrepreneurs supposed to reveal every piece of information to potential investors, or do investors understand that they might need to disclose certain stuff?
How can I confront a deadbeat business partner without damaging the partnership?
Why would a company re-instate a Performance Improvement Plan (PIP) a few days later after they said the DEFINITIVE answer was I was coming off plan?
If Prodigy Finance earns $200 million for every 1000 students enrolled, will it become a billion dollar industry after enrolling 5000 students in the next 10 years?
What is the best business in Internet with small investment?
Where can I get a business plan template for digital media solutions company \U0001f4e1?
Is the digital profit course real?
What are the things that I should have to discuss with a strategic consultant for my business?
What's a creative way to get users to participate in a field test?
How may I gain new customers at the very begining of e business (B2C) - except social media.?
What are some reference for finance and business strategy?
What is the business model of Etsy?
In business, is there ever a situation with more than one solution to a problem?
I am 21 and want to become a successful businessman. Where can I find a mentor to learn from?
Which are the best sites to help business students in colleges academically?
I want to build a rocket and send people to visit the moon for a fee. What would be the necessary investment?
What does Starbucks mission statement mean?
How do consultants bill for travel days, remote meetings, and contractors?
What type of startup should I pursue? I don't want to sell a physical product and I want an income of 150k+ a year. I am a marketer by trade.?
What is the Craigslist business model?
What business advantages do I have living in Houston, Texas? What should I take advantage of?
What are the mechanisms in a company to keep an eye on the strategy of the rivals?
What are the steps to creating a product strategy?
I just started a new website where the main monetizing source is online advertising, so what are the key tasks to manage this source (on a daily basis)?
What are the major objectives of business process management?
How does one run two biotech companies successfully?
Are there any examples of business becoming increasingly mobile or mobilized yet?
What are some strategies for promoting your business through Twitter?
Where would we find investors looking for great ROI?
How can I build a business centered around single board computers?
What are some best B-plans on E-commerce as concern?
What strategy websites adopt to sell customers in developed countries?
Is success in business entrances based on the strategies itself?
What is ExxonMobil's strategy?
What is the process of making any web development company in india...?
How can a mission statement support the ethical system?
How Twitter can help my business to succeed?
Business Intelligence: What's the correct strategy to get in?
How do I transform a 20 year old company to a millionaire one?
How does Demand Media balance quantity and quality?
Business Strategy: Why do some commercial things are tagged at sloppy range?
What is As Seen on TV's business model?
What is the actual business model of Zomato?
What would a Pfizer-Allergan combined company look like?
Business Strategy: You are given US$100 by your university lecturer, what`s the best way to grow it into as much as possible?
Can contribution equity differ from ownership equity?
What is the SWOT analysis of Samsung Electronics?
If I developed and sold a software solution to my client along with its copyright, can I rebuild similar module /script and sell to other people later on?
What is the Silicon Valley approach?
What are the Wealth earning business strategy to be applied at Kumbh Mela?
What are the best ways of marketing your business to architects?
What is the basic knowledge needed to run a business? Especially craft paper bags factory?
What are some major points that make a good mission statement?
How can I get business for my International call centre?
Is there any website for startup's revenue model or business model list?
What would be a really, really profitable place to open a private prison right now?
Why are Silicon Valley companies so successful?
How do I maintain high moral with my team when two company founders and one from senior management vacate their roles abruptly?
How can I get a junior role on an investor track if I'm not off the 2-yr IB assembly line?
How can I share my business model with an advisor?
Why already too popular companies spend so much in advertising?
How do you evaluate if you have a good or bad business model canvas?
What is the best way to remotely monitor my employees about how they spend their time in the office?
Why does Demand Media acquire so many companies?
Why is Iran Cell so successful in today's Iran business telecommunications industry? Is it because part of it belongs to a South African country?
What is the best eprocurement system for SMEs?
What is Ashley Madison's business model?
What should a company consider when crafting a mission statement?
What was the original business model for Gowalla, before it was purchased by Facebook?
What do strategy houses - in particular MBB - think about Strategy&?
What is Enactus' business model?
I am using a business plan software. Under the forecast function it asks me how many units I think I will sell per month. Is there a way to calculate this, or should it just be a guess?
Is it unethical to employ a person with a disability when said disability is an asset in the position for which they are employed?
How much should I charge for a marketing consultancy fee?
Is AT&T inexpensive under certain circumstances, or do other companies still trump their wholesale values under certain plans and if so, what companies?
What is the initial setup cost for a bakery in Mumbai?
How do businesses use the internet?
What strategies should McDonald's pursue in 2015?
How do you monetize passion for digital content services?
What is the Grofers mission and vision statement?
What are the requirements for a crowdsourced solution to be successful?
How Supercell (Developer of Clash of Clans) earns money?
Can day traders use their accounts as a hedge fund?
Why haven't the Indian restaurants and fast food chains adopted the concept of drive-throughs in India yet?
Do the top tech companies even bother about retaining talents when they quit due to work pressure? Or they just hire another?
What is the best pricing strategy for a new product?
How should a fledging startup thrive to become a very powerful competitor?
What is the best pricing strategy for a new restaurant?
What is the best sales strategy?
How do you decide the viability and scalability of a business plan?
What is the opening cost of starbucks and why doesnt it open in chandigarh?
Pms or mutual fund -- which one is better?
What should a small business plan look like?
What do small businesses need to market their business?
How do one get the permission for selling tshirts with batman logo from DC?
How is statistics used in business decision making?
Why would I use snap chat to improve my business?
What is the best way to get a first sales meeting?
I m a stutter... Will it have any effect on my IIM selection or any other top rated private institute (SIMBI,NMIMS,TISS)
What is the best lifestyle data to use for Buyer Personas?
What should I know about setting up an international strategy consulting business?
Product managers, how do you work with push back from UX?
What is Runtime Application Self-Protection? Who are the major players and what are their competitive advantages?
How and why did you become a venture capitalist?
Is Walmart or Louis Vuitton company more likely to last 200 years?
How can my media company better customize its Salesforce (or build better processes) to sync up Sales and Ad Ops such that we don't oversell?
What is Starbucks?
What is the business model of Deals in Delhi NCR, Gurgaon, Noida |Online Discount Coupons?
How can I place my own ATM into someone elses business?
Why did TimeX use drugstores as its distributors?
How do PR firms work?
Could a smallI/medium cap value-weighted actively managed mutual fund really work?
What are common reasons that marketing plans fail?
How can I find best business strategies with good coworkers?
Why would a company re-instate a Performance Improvement Plan (PIP) a few days later after they said the DEFINITIVE answer was I was coming off plan?
How can I confront a deadbeat business partner without damaging the partnership?
What is Spotify's business model?
What is the best business in Internet with small investment?
Is the digital profit course real?
What is the usual deal between all the stakeholders on a concert DVD? What is the usual stake for the producer, the performer, the video recorder, and so on?
How may I gain new customers at the very begining of e business (B2C) - except social media.?
What is the business model of Etsy?
Is there ways to attain student .edu email accounts?
In business, is there ever a situation with more than one solution to a problem?
How do organizations such as Harvard, Virgin, and others find out about ideas to either invest in or organizations to start/acquire?
What type of startup should I pursue? I don't want to sell a physical product and I want an income of 150k+ a year. I am a marketer by trade.?
Which are the different successful software business models?
What is a c2b business model?
What is the Craigslist business model?
What business advantages do I have living in Houston, Texas? What should I take advantage of?
How do I train myself for small talk during business meetings?
How do I write a business plan for a grocery store start-up?
A long time back I began building an epic website concept. I was full of beans and gung-ho about changing the world. The site is actually still a world first, but I never commercialised it in the end despite a very major interest. What do you suggest I do to move it forward?
What are some great examples of induction as a systematic method of business process improvement?
Marketing: Where do chefs go to online to look for new products?
How can analytics transform business models?
How do health companies get rid of near expiring products other than giving discounts on them?
Are there any examples of business becoming increasingly mobile or mobilized yet?
What are the best sales tips and techniques for calling into the C-Suite of small and medium sized businesses?
Are hedge fund managers the only ones getting rich from the hedge fund operations?
What are some strategies for promoting your business through Twitter?
What are the elements of the perfect online marketing funnel?
What are some best B-plans on E-commerce as concern?
What strategy websites adopt to sell customers in developed countries?
What are some of Starbucks weaknesses?
What is the business model of AIM?
Business Intelligence: What's the correct strategy to get in?
How does Demand Media balance quantity and quality?
For a online marketplace operating using agency model (commission) which one is more important to increase profit, Customer or Supplier?
How can businesses save money through repurposing?
Which marketing is important for an online business: online marketing or offline media marketing?
Is IBM likely to be successful in its turnaround strategy? If so why or why not?
How could Uber expand their business in China?
Would musicians find value in crowdfunded concerts?
What is As Seen on TV's business model?
What is the business model of Adobe Systems?
What would a Pfizer-Allergan combined company look like?
We at INKONIQ are looking for strategic partnerships for our overseas expansion in North America. What are the potential UX experience and mobile app agencies?
Can contribution equity differ from ownership equity?
What is the SWOT analysis of Samsung Electronics?
What are the main factors that determine that business plan is strong?
What is the Silicon Valley approach?
What business strategies in the recent past have contributed to the human social welfare?
How has marketing evolved?
What are books that I can read about start-ups and their strategies?
If a tech startup is applicable to a global success from day one, is there any wise reasons or considerable risks not to and just shorten the target market to local country only as a beginning?
Is there any website for startup's revenue model or business model list?
How do most business listings initially get on Google maps?
Why are Silicon Valley companies so successful?
What are the best examples of how businesspersons wear many different hats?
Is it possible to grow your own personal supermarket at home?
Why should small businesses invest in design strategy?
Your Strategy Needs A Strategy: Where could I find examples of firms that followed their model and still failed?
Why did ikea become an international business?
How can I be sure people won't steal my idea during a pitch?
What's the Google's strategy behind having two Android browsers (native and Chrome)?
How does an investor/entrepreneur balance time spent as an entrepreneur vs mentor to startups in your portfolio?
What is Wizards of the Coast's business model?
What is the FCFF method to valute a company?
How do I set up a 401K for a 50 person company where owners don't want to be fiduciaries?
If not e-commerce what would be the next viral business plan?
Why does Demand Media acquire so many companies?
What does Google look for in a candidate before hiring him under Business Strategy Team? Basically, what all skills/degree/experience you need to work for Google in Business Strategy team?
What are the benefits of trade shows to companies?
What are advantages and inconveniences of outsourcing for the company that gives the service of outsourcing (and not the one that benefits from it)?
Do retail companies need to invest in BIG DATA?
What are the business strategy for a new business?
App Only Sales: Is business strategy important for flipkart than customer preferences?
What is Ashley Madison's business model?
What was the original business model for Gowalla, before it was purchased by Facebook?
What is Enactus' business model?
I am using a business plan software. Under the forecast function it asks me how many units I think I will sell per month. Is there a way to calculate this, or should it just be a guess?
Why is revenue management important?
What is niche building in SEO?
I want to start a paper bag business in bihar what is a process, opportunity and profitability of this business?
How do I find my first group of customers for a new service?
How can web analytics help a business?
Should Uber make UberEATS a separate app?
What strategies should McDonald's pursue in 2015?
Can two businesses in the same state have the same name if they're in different sectors (ie. food industry and power industry)?
What are the requirements for a crowdsourced solution to be successful?
How Supercell (Developer of Clash of Clans) earns money?
How do you start a hedge fund and gain momentum?
Do the top tech companies even bother about retaining talents when they quit due to work pressure? Or they just hire another?
How do I get customers as a service business?
What is the best pricing strategy for a new product?
How should a fledging startup thrive to become a very powerful competitor?
What are the business models of film festivals?
What is the best pricing strategy for a new restaurant?
How Can www.etsy.com help me to grow my business?
How can intrapreneurship assist a business?
How do you decide the viability and scalability of a business plan?
Where in a corporate structure does an idea for a new product or service start?
What are the main threats to ServiceNow?
What is the difference between business days and public days in trade fair Delhi besides the entry fees?
Is being a strategic thinker the same as being a critical thinker?
How do one get the permission for selling tshirts with batman logo from DC?
What is the cost of extra business processes?
Why can't Quora consider business model similar to that of Duolingo?
How does affiliate marketers build trust?
I m a stutter... Will it have any effect on my IIM selection or any other top rated private institute (SIMBI,NMIMS,TISS)
What makes a strong business model?
Is Dressbarn a terrible name for a woman's clothing store?
What is the best lifestyle data to use for Buyer Personas?
What is the difference between business and sales development?
For the business obectives of a network company, which one is more suitable, business survival or grow of the business?
What business model does Google use?
Why did TimeX use drugstores as its distributors?
How do PR firms work?
What is the most critical obstacle you face through your business journey especially on the startup phase and how did you pass this challenge?
What is the best business model for a small business?
What are common reasons that marketing plans fail?
I brought on a CFO way too early and now need to remove him from the company. How do I do this?
How can I make an effective business model for my startup?
What are some of the best business case studies on Mergers & Acquisitions and Corporate restructuring?
How do I get distributorship on credit process in Rajasthan? Cosmetic, food, chocolate
How can I find best business strategies with good coworkers?
How would Quora react to an offer of acquisition by Google?
Is it reasonable to charge my client per HTML module rather than per hour?
How are B-schools able to provide loans to international MBA students without a co-signer?
Is there any opensource database or website which have all the graphs of performance of various componies (stockmarket related) of past 10 years?
What is the usual deal between all the stakeholders on a concert DVD? What is the usual stake for the producer, the performer, the video recorder, and so on?
Is there ways to attain student .edu email accounts?
How do you choose a good business model?
How do organizations such as Harvard, Virgin, and others find out about ideas to either invest in or organizations to start/acquire?
Entrepreneurship: How can intrapreneurship be encouraged?
I am running my family business of sauce and noodles manufacturing.Currently we mostly supply to restaurant owners and whole sellers through our own brand name. How can we expand our business?
Which are the different successful software business models?
What is a c2b business model?
Where is the best place to gather all of your users and form an online community?
What is Gilt Groupe's business model?
Do you think selling your mineral rights is good for a profitable business?
What is the best business model for a franchise?
How do I grow my freight forwarding business to attract international clients/partnership?
What are the best sales tips and techniques for calling into the C-Suite of small and medium sized businesses?
What are the biggest challenges facing Square?
What are common types of business models?
What is the best business model to factor quick growth?
What do I do when someone releases a stunningly similar product to one I've been developing? Same exact feature set. Similar positioning.
What are some best business strategies ever heard?
How do I get more inquiries from my business website?
What are some of Starbucks weaknesses?
What is the business model of AIM?
Why is Google acting as monopoly without any competition in Android playstore market? Can any one explain the reasons behind of it?
For starting startUp as an IT engineer, Which field of computer science is non-ignorable as well as most important in startup?
What is the pay like for a lead idea design and manager of a research team in the automobile industry?
Is it possible for a business to grow too fast?
How has Domo changed the business intelligence market?
How can businesses save money through repurposing?
How can I develop a business model for cyber/computer forensics?
What are some pain points/problems that I can address with tech (excluding SaaS Analytics)?
How automate digital forms improve your business productivity?
What is the built to change intervention designed to promote a sustained competitive advantage?
What are some international business strategies?
What is the best business valuation certification?
What is the business model of Adobe Systems?
We at INKONIQ are looking for strategic partnerships for our overseas expansion in North America. What are the potential UX experience and mobile app agencies?
Why are Google sales people so arrogant and unfocused on relationship selling?
What business strategies in the recent past have contributed to the human social welfare?
What are the challenges involved in business development?
For geographically dispersed organisations, would a centralized organisational structure stifle innovation? Why?
How can I get my first bunch of traffic without SEO?
How has marketing evolved?
What are the sales Channels used by developers in Bihar?
What skills are necessary to succeed in business development?
What are books that I can read about start-ups and their strategies?
If a tech startup is applicable to a global success from day one, is there any wise reasons or considerable risks not to and just shorten the target market to local country only as a beginning?
What are the best examples of how businesspersons wear many different hats?
What can be a business competitive advantage of an idealistic personality?
Is it possible to grow your own personal supermarket at home?
Why is Urban Outfitters buying a pizza chain? Is it a good idea?
How do I measure retail product sucsess?
How does one approach a potential acquisition target?
What is the process of opening a Starbucks franchise?
Why did ikea become an international business?
What new features should Uber launch?
What strategic plan needs to be considered while trading?
How can I be sure people won't steal my idea during a pitch?
We have a decent stock broking company running with only little profits.How would I increase its profits?
What are the business development activities?
What was Gigaom's original business model?
What is the FCFF method to valute a company?
How does opendoor make money?
What are the benefits of trade shows to companies?
What are advantages and inconveniences of outsourcing for the company that gives the service of outsourcing (and not the one that benefits from it)?
What are the business strategy for a new business?
What benefits of a strong business model?
What are Quora business plan for next 5 years?
App Only Sales: Is business strategy important for flipkart than customer preferences?
Why storytelling is important in business marketing?
Why is graphic design important for businesses?
Why is revenue management important?
Which technology firms disclose their churn rates?
How can I do an online test for the demand of a physical product which I want to create and sell?
What are the different levels and the corresponding compensation range at IBM's Organization Change Strategy Consulting Group in the US?
Do I approach influencers as myself or as the brand I represent?
What is business intelligence reporting?
Which companies pull revenue solely or strictly from investments, and can such a company be formed as a sole proprietor?
Do you NEED to know anything about accounting in order to run a multi million or multi billion dollar corporation/business?
Why is the SENS Foundation not setup as a for-profit, which would allow them to attract investment much more aggressively?
How does a company like quickwallet which offers humongous discounts works? Where they earn profits from?
Why is business development important?
What is the designation in oracle corp. for a 7.5 years experience person?
What is a difference between ' investing in a company' and ' Buying a company'?
What are the critical success factors for British Petroleum?
Why and how is Google's Inbox new "Smart" reply feature relevant to Gmail's business model?
Research paper on HRM strategy, conducive work environment and leader's personality will contribute towards improved performance of the organisation?
What is the best way to get started in profitable commercial aquaponics?
Why are distributors important to business?
Who needs a worldwide business directory?
What is the best business structure for property development?
What is the cost of meetings in a large Fortune 500 company?
What is Embrace, extend and extinguish strategy?
What is considered the most lucrative merger / acquisition ever?
How can I grab the attentions of my employees to read a newsletter sent out weekly?
I'm doing my internship at Realtycompass.com,  an eCommerce portal for apartments. I want to inter-relate my project with market research and digital marketing. Will you help me by suggesting  some interesting topics?
Will Tesla launch a car sharing service like Uber?
Can a business have a chaplain?
What makes an exceptional product strategist?
What are some great David and Goliath stories in Business?
Tax Evasion: Do untraceable shell companies actually exist?
How mant ways can a mobile game be monitised?
Which are the best platforms for Online Trading in India? Will it really bring profit?
What is the business model of FreedomPop and how are they making money?
Is Bing profitable for Microsoft?
For Splunk's perpetual license model that allows 1 GB/day, is revenue recognized up front or is it deferred on a daily basis?
What are some business intelligence products?
What percentage of business processes in a company are fringe or niche processes?
How do I improve business sense?
Where is Yahoo and what is it doing right now..?
What does Google's account strategist do?
What can Nespresso do to better compete with Starbucks?
What are the underlying principles of Business Intelligence?
If I live in Italy how exactly do I build a network that will lend itself to introductions to venture capitalists?
Do smarter and more dedicated employees deserve extra perks (e.g. flex time, work from home)? If so, how do you justify the difference in treatment to less motivated employees without insinuating they are lazy or stupid?
Amid unprecedented data growth, how are businesses optimizing their data environments to ensure data governance while creating analytic value?
What is a good ICT strategy for the next five to ten years?
Is is too early to build a consumer app for VR?
How can I increase diversity within my company?
What is GrubHub's business model?
How can HootSuite help my business?
Is Snapchat's recent 25% devaluation indicative of a popping tech bubble?
Why is negotiation important in a business environment?
What is the North Face company's business plan?
How Internations (.org) (Gmbh) is making money? What is their business model?
What is the business development process?
How can a brand improve its tarnished Reputation?
Why is business intelligence important?
How do successful entrepreneurs know which ideas have business potential?
How do I keep my employees from getting demotivated?
What are some business intelligence tools?
If a startup can only be disruptive when it solves a pain point - what causes (or initiates) the pain point?
How/where to find water suppliers contacts?
What is the best country to set up a virtual company?
Why do businesses issue coupons? How do they make up for the money lost through the discounts?
What is the difference between limited liability partnership and unlimited liability partnership?
From the point of view of one European company ,why the ASEAN nations may be a preferable location and production centre for that company than China?
What are some interesting business models for ornamental illustrators?
Does Starbucks compensate employees better than any other chain retailer?
What should a new owner do with old inventory?
What are the global issues in strategic management?
What ideas should a mission statement include?
How beneficial is the business in field of renewable and sustainable energy and their technology in india at present time?
How can I find fund for my enterprise idea?
What should everyone know about business development companies (BDCs)?
What are the best examples of business opportunities being seized?
What percent of a company's monthly marketing budget should be spent on Google Adwords?
What is the business model of moneysmart.sg?
What are the most profitable items that are sold online in India with wide usage?
What are the Business Intelligence applications?
How does consulting companies store information such as passwords, IP adresses and hosting info?
What is the link between strategy and accounting?
How did companies like Uber and Whatsapp expand their backend database structure rapidly when faced with a massive influx of users?
I am Looking forwards to start my own Incense Sticks trading business. Can you suggest me like where I can get the genuine manufacturers and how to get customers?
How do I get a sample business plan and proposal for a web/ app based business? Thanks
Entrepreneurship: What would you do with 5 euros in 3 hours in order to generate as much profit as you can or value for society/environment?
What is the best business case study you have ever come across and why do you consider it the best?
I have an MVP, customer traction, and a 5 page business plan with problem, product, business model, competitors, and basic projections. Is there anything else I need to consider when pitching to seed investors?
What are the critical success factors for British Petroleum?
Is spending $10 a day on Facebook ads for a skincare/beauty product for a couple of days effective enough to gain sales right off the bat or should I do something like invest $20-$40 for like 2 days? How many people do you think I could reach?
What is considered the most lucrative merger / acquisition ever?
What are expected results of Bhel for tomorow?
What are some small businesses with a high profit margin that a 52 yr old female can start?
What is the defining American cultural personality?
For Splunk's perpetual license model that allows 1 GB/day, is revenue recognized up front or is it deferred on a daily basis?
What percentage of business processes in a company are fringe or niche processes?
What is GrubHub's business model?
I am 18 and have a business already, but it isn't getting any sales. Should I stop and do something else?
What are some succesful examples of a business organizing a particular industry?
What is the North Face company's business plan?
What are the global issues in strategic management?
What ideas should a mission statement include?
How can I make money from 2 acres of prime vacant land without constructing any building?
What are the Business Intelligence applications?
What is business intelligence reporting?
How does a company like quickwallet which offers humongous discounts works? Where they earn profits from?
Can success in business be connected with how many people you speak with in a day?
How can small companies be innovative?
Why did it take as long as it has for Microsoft to release a Windows for IOT (Internet of Things) devices?
How can Accounting Service will help my business?
What are the business strategies that I can use in my gold jewellery business?
Could anyone download the following BCG Template? 百度文库-信息提示...
How does Dojo make money (or plan on making money)?
How can I start an online business and success in the automotive industry? Something like cars.aplacetoclick.com? Is it hard to get traffic and how long should I wait to see if it will work?
How much ad revenue, on average, does one unique visit to a web site bring in?
How can I become a business strategist and leader?
How fruit supply is managed despite production at only few places? Read question details.
What will be the strategy of Nestle Maggi as it returns to India?
What are the underlying principles of Business Intelligence?
What are the best use cases for centralisation and decentralisation? Provide examples.
What is the best tool to monitor traffic and sales? What about ExtraWatch?
How can I pitch clients for my business as am a beginner?
Is Snapchat's recent 25% devaluation indicative of a popping tech bubble?
Why is negotiation important in a business environment?
How do I keep my employees from getting demotivated?
If a startup can only be disruptive when it solves a pain point - what causes (or initiates) the pain point?
What is a Food delivery service business model?
Why do businesses issue coupons? How do they make up for the money lost through the discounts?
How can I buy a business?
Does Starbucks compensate employees better than any other chain retailer?
What are the important aspects to consider for business strategy assessment?
What are the most profitable items that are sold online in India with wide usage?
Where should we incorporate our new Internet based company (LLC) and what would be the be most effective corporate/tax structure?
What should be distribution strategy for a company building an consumer appliances company (like say cuisineart)?
Which companies pull revenue solely or strictly from investments, and can such a company be formed as a sole proprietor?
How do I make a business name appear in a Google map search result?
What were some things that OnLive did right?
What does organizing a industry actually means when organisations put it in their mission statement?
What is a difference between ' investing in a company' and ' Buying a company'?
What is the business model of Rentomojo?
Why and how is Google's Inbox new "Smart" reply feature relevant to Gmail's business model?
Can I see someone to help to invest into my business plan in nigeria?
What is the cost of meetings in a large Fortune 500 company?
What is Embrace, extend and extinguish strategy?
Which significant Singaporean companies have been bought over by Chinese companies or businessmen?
Which are the best platforms for Online Trading in India? Will it really bring profit?
How has the shift to user-generated content impacted the business models of different companies?
B2B Marketing: What are the alternatives to DemandBase?
How do some of the biggest private companies in the world stay private without going public to raise funds to grow big?
Why was OnLive resurrected multiple times?
Which methods can I use to get my app promoted? And which is the most effective one?
Do smarter and more dedicated employees deserve extra perks (e.g. flex time, work from home)? If so, how do you justify the difference in treatment to less motivated employees without insinuating they are lazy or stupid?
How can HootSuite help my business?
How do Facebook and Google earn their money?
Why is business intelligence important?
What is the porter's 5 forces of Airbnb?
Why do Alexa's traffic rank graphs appear to be upside down?
What is the link between strategy and accounting?
What is Taykey's revenue model?
What is the relationship between a bond's market price and its promised yield to maturity?
I am Looking forwards to start my own Incense Sticks trading business. Can you suggest me like where I can get the genuine manufacturers and how to get customers?
Will Dropbox Paper be successful?
What was Google's strategy in entering the cell phone market?
How would someone find out how many people lose their homes as a result of DUI in a particular city or County?
What is corporate business ownership structure?
What are some business intelligence products?
What are typical revenue sharing models for 3rd party vendors for enterprise software companies?
What makes an elite content strategist?
Is is too early to build a consumer app for VR?
What is a good ICT strategy for the next five to ten years?
How does Microsoft Bing make money?
How can I increase diversity within my company?
I have the opportunity to rebuild my company (an online retailer)'s entire tech, frontend and backend, in Haskell; it's currently a spaghetti ball of a famous imperative language popular 10 years ago. What should I do next?
How can a brand improve its tarnished Reputation?
Why should you keep key business objectives simple?
What are some business intelligence tools?
What's the difference between Corp, LLC, and Inc?
What are some examples of companies who decided to enter a market through partnership before ultimately going at it alone?
From the point of view of one European company ,why the ASEAN nations may be a preferable location and production centre for that company than China?
What is the best HBS case study you've read? Why?
How can I find fund for my enterprise idea?
How does Airbnb prevent users from misusing referral money they get?
What are the best examples of business opportunities being seized?
What percent of a company's monthly marketing budget should be spent on Google Adwords?
As an entrepreneur who creates my own products/services, why would I want to join my industries' trade association?
Is fine dining a better business strategy than casual dining?
How important is search engine optimization for any business with a website?
Taxes: My Grand Father gave me a cheque of Rs 3.2 lacs to start my business. Do I have to pay income tax on that?
How do you do a competitive advantage business analysis?
How can franchising be effective in a business today?
Why is incorporation of a business so important?
What are the characteristics of the modern business environment?
How are current "start ups" Airbnb, Uber, and Lyft affecting market value? Are they a zero sum game, stealing value directly from competitors, destroying value, or adding to overall market value?
Which statistical methods are used by successful companies to improve business performance?
What are the pros and cons of having a cheap product with a lot of buyers vs. an expensive product with a few buyers?
On an average, for how long can a company survive?
What is a good business to get into if you want to get rich?
Which is better for business ola or uber?
What are good reasons for setting up S Corporations?
Why is Tesla still not a profitable business?
Is it safe for an importer to communicate with Chinese suppliers on Whatsapp?
What types of expenses can I charge to my company assuming it is a fund which relies on investors' money to survive?
What is Narrative Science's business model?
What are the business practices of the Invent company?
How do I find the day-to-day performance of a hedge fund like Universa Investments LP?
What is the market size of mobile ads in Indonesia and how is it broken down?
Does Quora make any money when news publications feature answers from the site?
How can companies manage uncertainty in their strategic planning? Could you share some examples?
Why is TATA group successful?
How do I invest in a hedge fund like Universa’s Black Swan Protection Protocol?
How can I make Payment Gateway Company for merchant?
What is the ZocDoc business model?
How can I install a ticket booking company?
How can a messenger app help businesses connect with their customers and in turn help business grow?
What is competitive advantage in business?
Who can benefit my business for online social media advertising?
How do we see research and content changing in the next 5 years in Financial Industry?
As an entrepreneur which is the best ERP to choose from for a small business in India? Also what are the aspects to look for while choosing one? I would like something which is efficient and cost effective.
How Google, Microsoft or Amazon are helping startups with their services?
Does lean manufacturing work or fail?
How do I start export business in ladies suits?
What are the biggest Marketing/Digital Marketing Challenges for FMCG companies in India?
How have microcontrollers evolved in the past 10 years?
How can calculus be used in a business operations?
How is McDonald’s management strategies and consumer behavior?
I want to go into business for myself and open a spa/Wellness Center/clinic devoted to Health, wellness and beauty. What services would you all like to see offered?
How do I encourage vision, goals, strategic planning and structure?
Why in highly concentrated markets, there are concerns about tacit collusion?
Company isn't matching 401k for another year; is it even worth contributing?
What kind of competitive advantages can one gaming studio have over another?
What are the ways of distribution followed by puma?
What is Lifebooker's business model?
My family was rich at a time not so long ago, but we are poor now. what can I do about it?
Suppose revenue of your game is below the expectations: How would you handle and improve this situation?
Can I use copyrighted music for a company show reel?
How can I build thesis topic that based on finance and business development?
Why is the EU opposing the Safe Harbor deal?
Which key business partners and key business activities can you consider to be Ideal for a parcel delivery company such as UPS?
How can I improve my business relationship with my dad?
What are some examples of competitive advantage in American business today?
What is the pricing strategy of lg?
I wish to get a job in Business Strategy. I've been self employed for about 4 years now.I intend going about it by submitting a Job Proposal to several firms. Any Ideas, Tips, Advice?
What is your experience with manager-employee relationships and why are they important for business to grow?
What do professional investors on Quora think of the Efficient Market Hypothesis?
How does Walmart's business model compare to Target's?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg so active on Facebook? (see details)
How has Heaven Hill managed to grow their Evan Williams whiskey brand so rapidly over the past few years?
How does burberry turnaround in 2006?
We are planning to setup wholesale pharmaceuticals in bangalore , How to contact Medical representative in bangalore & How to purchase a stock directly from company?
How can I pitch International Clients while being in India for my Image Production House
What is Dolby Laboratories' current business strategy?
What should be the strategy for a start-up business with an online as well as offline revenue model, is sustainable and scalable, involves a franchise model, to grow and become successful in India with a capital of 1 lacs?
How do I find clients for my web development business in India?
What are the major success factors for expatriates?
Which business to select from a local area where the population is 2,00,000 people?
How b2b portals helps SMEs and MSMEs?
Are private companies in the IT industry allowed to work during the election day?
What is the difference between Incorporating a company and Registering a company and Starting a company?
What is business to business integration?
Why do organizations employ strategic planning?
Do proprietary trading firms raise VC/PE investments?
What is the difference between strategic alliance and strategic collaboration?
Why is diversity a competitive advantage?
How does strategic management typically evolve in a corporation?
Why did Steam open the renminbi payment?
How important is search engine optimization for any business with a website?
How are current "start ups" Airbnb, Uber, and Lyft affecting market value? Are they a zero sum game, stealing value directly from competitors, destroying value, or adding to overall market value?
How do I estimate the size of a blue ocean market?
How does most big company c++ code look like?
Did shady business practices overseen by Jeff Skilling and Mike Pearson, ex McKinsey partners, damage the firm's public image?
What are some examples of successful advocacy campaigns? Specifically, which campaigns created political change?
What is Narrative Science's business model?
Can I open a startup in Brazil that profits from U.S. users?
What are the business practices of the Invent company?
Why did Quora change its slogan from "connecting you to anything you want to know about" to being "the best source for knowledge"?
Why did localoye pivot their business from venue booking service to their current business model? What made them to stop offering venue booking?
What amount does one need to have to start a sweet shop which is quite good and money making?
How can companies manage uncertainty in their strategic planning? Could you share some examples?
How do I invest in a hedge fund like Universa’s Black Swan Protection Protocol?
What are some of the challenges you face with Adroll? How scalable is the platform in your opinion? Also, do you think it is slow in Adroll to roll out ads, reviewing data, & A/B test. Are there any tools that help Adroll management better, especially Facebook Retargeting on hundreds of pages.
What is the main difference between Perkhub, formerly Rewardli, and AnyPerk?
Facebook Exchange: What is adroll fixed margin?
What business advice would you give to someone planning to open a home goods and gift shop?
What are the biggest Marketing/Digital Marketing Challenges for FMCG companies in India?
What advice would you give to a 19-year-old wanting to start their own business?
How do I encourage vision, goals, strategic planning and structure?
How do I find people to approach designers/businesses from Etsy for me?
What are some major current world issues in October 2015 in business?
What are the successful business models in US that can be replicated in India?
How will Trello make money?
What are the ways to improve Hotel sales?
What is the difference between strategic alliance and strategic collaboration?
What's the best way to arrange merchant advisory board meetings?
What is the best business model for strategy creation?
How can I get more customers for my hydrographic painting business?
What is the most important language in the business world?
What does Costco do with returned, defective, non-electronic merchandise?
How do I boost up the morale and change the culture of a company?
How does multi-level analysis (modelling) work?
What would (or did) your company do if one of its employees were diagnosed with terminal illness?
In business strategy, what is the symbol that looks like pi?
How profitable is the dairy farming industry in India in 2014?
Is it worth to start business alone or definitely find at least one partner to run it?
What are good bizdev/partnership strategies to increase app downloads for a video streaming platform?
What is Bitnami's business model?
What (new digital concepts) would you recommend a B2B publisher?
What process would I have to go through to build a Start-up, what do I need to learn?
What is the business model of the software company Inflection?
Suppose revenue of your game is below the expectations: How would you handle and improve this situation?
Can a non-profit invest and take equity in a for-profit?
How much money do companies spend on experiential marketing annually in the US?
We are planning to setup wholesale pharmaceuticals in bangalore , How to contact Medical representative in bangalore & How to purchase a stock directly from company?
What happens if you have a private monopoly?
How is CashU doing?
What (new concepts) would you recommend a B2C publisher?
Does starting up a software company requires maths?
What is the typical compensation range(base/bonus/equity %) for a principal engineer at a series B funded startup?
What does Blend Labs do?
Which statistical methods are used by successful companies to improve business performance?
What are the investment opportunities in the current low-growth environment?
Was Helmut Von Moltke the younger an effective strategist?
Career Advice: I m a 45 year old businessman. I've bought 2 businesses and made them very profitable from the first day. But I m terrible when starting from scratch. What am I doing wrong?
What advice would you give to start up searching for cash?
Business: WS Retail reported a net profit of Rs 67 lakh on sales of Rs 3,135 crore for fiscal year 2014. Isn't the profit too low compared to the sales?
Are ideas are the most important in startups?
L&D: What are some common themes in the Learning & Development Industry?
How do I find the day-to-day performance of a hedge fund like Universa Investments LP?
Who are the biggest players in e-commerce software solutions?
What is the difference between a friendship built on business and a business built on friendship?
Where can I find the list of mergers & acquisitions a company has made?
What are the best examples of reselling shared user contributed data to third parties?
Mergers and Acquisitions (M&A): Is it worth to sell my company under these terms?
How does burberry turnaround in 2006?
How does Seamless profit on Thursdays (15% discount)?
How do landlords deal with this situation: bad/limited credit history, poor past income history but a new business venture that is making $7k+ per month for last six months and no criminal record?
How do choose between opening an MRF store or a multibrand tyre store in Chandigarh?
What are the best business models to copy?
Why do organizations employ strategic planning?
What is Emirates Airline business model?
What would be best way to connect buyers and suppliers in fresh fruits & vegetables?
What will happen when only few of the online shopping websites survive? Will they still offer such hefty discounts?
How does 1800-GOT-JUNK handle logistics?
What is RushCard's business model?
What is the ZocDoc business model?
How can I install a ticket booking company?
How should a B2B publisher reinvent himself?
If my (software) company wants to start blogging all of a sudden, is it better to start blogging on a big platform (e.g Medium) or is a blog sub page on our web site still the way to do things?
What is Airtime doing behind the scenes to pair up individuals based on interests?
What are the best recruiting firms for venture capital? (Other than Glocap) Any on the east coast?
What are the businesses that Amazon has?
I have a small business. Should i run a funding campaign?
How can I build thesis topic that based on finance and business development?
My family was rich at a time not so long ago, but we are poor now. what can I do about it?
What airlines have the best business class product?
Why is the EU opposing the Safe Harbor deal?
International Business: Other than AdSense, is there a good ad network for Japan, Taiwan, the Philippines and Singapore traffic?
Which is the best campaign ever run for a product like toothpaste?
What is the fixed commission rate that AdRoll makes on each dollar of ad spend?
What are the analytics companies does a B.E fresher can apply in India?
How can I become a successful Internet entrepreneur?
How does Slickdeals make money?
What factors can affect a company development?
What are the biggest revenue generators for slickdeals and how much money does the website make?
What state-of-the-art quantitative methods are used by VCs?
Which is the world's best branding company?
How do I get marketing executives to market my product?
Where in New York can I meet entrepreneurs with interest in Asian markets/business?
What does one mean by "Trade Spend" in consumer goods firm?
How much does eMarketer cost for Total Access for a small business?
What are some examples of successful advocacy campaigns? Specifically, which campaigns created political change?
How will startups like Localmind and Hipster monetize their model?
Who has deals with Netflix?
What are the best business ideas for freshers with a least possible capital?
What is the FTAP program like at Citadel Investments Group?
What should be Headings and subheadings for  presentation on topic "SME growth in west Africa: leveling the playing field with digital marketing a good direction"?
Why did localoye pivot their business from venue booking service to their current business model? What made them to stop offering venue booking?
Why did Quora change its slogan from "connecting you to anything you want to know about" to being "the best source for knowledge"?
I'm 24 years old studying full time in university. How do I start a sustainable business during my free time?
What are some of the challenges you face with Adroll? How scalable is the platform in your opinion? Also, do you think it is slow in Adroll to roll out ads, reviewing data, & A/B test. Are there any tools that help Adroll management better, especially Facebook Retargeting on hundreds of pages.
What is Dropbox's mission?
What is the main difference between Perkhub, formerly Rewardli, and AnyPerk?
Which type of buisness is going to make a boom in the future?
Facebook Exchange: What is adroll fixed margin?
What advice would you give to a 19-year-old wanting to start their own business?
Has IIM-INDORE any competitive advantage over non IIM's?
How do I find people to approach designers/businesses from Etsy for me?
What are the successful business models in US that can be replicated in India?
Where can I find a business plan for my apparel retail store?
How do I get customers to my website?
What's the biggest question or problem when try to find a proper Chinese supplier?
I have just started a business. How do I increase my customers?
Is there an advantage to someone from the US opening an investment account in Hong Kong?
What are the most successful service businesses?
What is the best business model for strategy creation?
How can I get more customers for my hydrographic painting business?
What does Costco do with returned, defective, non-electronic merchandise?
How does multi-level analysis (modelling) work?
Are there companies based on iOS software?
What would (or did) your company do if one of its employees were diagnosed with terminal illness?
In business strategy, what is the symbol that looks like pi?
Who are the partners at IDEO?
Is it worth to start business alone or definitely find at least one partner to run it?
What are good bizdev/partnership strategies to increase app downloads for a video streaming platform?
What are top 20 sales tricks to improve your business closing value.?
If an buffet restaurant open right next to your family own restaurant what is the solution to defeat them or stay in business?
What is Bitnami's business model?
What (new digital concepts) would you recommend a B2B publisher?
Fortune 500: How do multinational companies deal with the fact that there are hatred and political tensions between nations?
How should I know if my neighbor next to me has some kind of drug business or even a laboratory in-house?
What are the best trending business ideas?
How much money do companies spend on experiential marketing annually in the US?
How is CashU doing?
What's the main reason for overseas buyers to contact Chinese supplier or import from China?
What (new concepts) would you recommend a B2C publisher?
How do TV channels make money by TRP?
Outsourcing: Who are Hourly Nerd's competitors?
Are there any business tips for filipinos in the Philippines?
What is the typical compensation range(base/bonus/equity %) for a principal engineer at a series B funded startup?
Who are Nespresso's main competitors and what are their comparable offers?
Career Advice: I m a 45 year old businessman. I've bought 2 businesses and made them very profitable from the first day. But I m terrible when starting from scratch. What am I doing wrong?
Are ideas are the most important in startups?
For building a competitive advantage for any organization what may be its objective?
How can IKEA improve its business strategy?
Who are the biggest players in e-commerce software solutions?
What is the revenue model of booking websites, e.g. Expedia, Kayak, etc.?
How do you determine and decide business partnerships?
What are the best examples of reselling shared user contributed data to third parties?
How much would it realistically cost to hire a 4-member developers team as a startup?
Which business you can start in short money?
How's online portals affecting our small businessmen?
What are the most important qualities of a property management company?
Why is there so much mystery surrounding how Quora makes money?
Who are IDEO's affiliations?
What are the best business models to copy?
Where is the best place to set up a start up and what are your considerations?
What did Twitter do wrong?
Which startups you think will fail in the future and why?
What is more prestigious, being the founder and CEO of a tech company, CEO (without being a founder) of a tech company, an investment banking CEO or a hedge fund manager?
What is Emirates Airline business model?
Is market place business model is sustainable business model for future aspect?
What will happen when only few of the online shopping websites survive? Will they still offer such hefty discounts?
How will Facebook recover $19 billion?
What does American apparel retail revenue calendar look like?
How does 1800-GOT-JUNK handle logistics?
What is RushCard's business model?
What would you do when your target market doesn't want SaaS / haven't shifted from the "owning software" paradigm?
What is the best bidding schema for auctioning informational assets?
Have any entrepreneurs worked 100+ hour weeks on their start-up and then obsess they don't love what they are doing?
How should a B2B publisher reinvent himself?
What are some good ways to treat common shareholders in an asset acquisition?
If my (software) company wants to start blogging all of a sudden, is it better to start blogging on a big platform (e.g Medium) or is a blog sub page on our web site still the way to do things?
What is Airtime doing behind the scenes to pair up individuals based on interests?
What are the businesses that Amazon has?
Given that mass shootings invariably lead to increased gun sales, is it a good business model for the NRA to arrange them?
International Business: Other than AdSense, is there a good ad network for Japan, Taiwan, the Philippines and Singapore traffic?
Which is the best campaign ever run for a product like toothpaste?
What is the fixed commission rate that AdRoll makes on each dollar of ad spend?
What is the business model of sweets inbox and is that company running on loss?
What is the difference between share economy and traditional business model?
What is the feedback of Marissa Mayer as Yahoo CEO?
Which are the top business themes of 2015?
What are the most inspirational company mission statements out there?
GTD Applications: GQueues power users: How did you set up your queues & categories for max productivity and minimum friction?
What are the biggest revenue generators for slickdeals and how much money does the website make?
What is wrong with the Daily Deals business model?
How do businesses ("two-sided marketplaces") such as Uber, AirBnB and dating websites for instance get people to start using their services if players are required on both sides for it to work?
Where in New York can I meet entrepreneurs with interest in Asian markets/business?
How much revenue does imgur make per month off advertising?
Calling all solopreneurs, consultants, trainers, speakers, coaches who build a business around your expertise or body of work, what is your most pressing concern in growing your business? What are your fears?
What are the best resources for learning business online for free?
Why does 'Lava' (Domestic Mobile Vendor) chose 'Tirupati' for establishing their new manufacturing plant?
How do I grow my fitness business?
Why is the real estate business so attractive to Hong Kong's richest tycoons that all of them have a hand in it? What is so attractive about real estate in HK?
I am planning to setup a software consulting company in USA and registered name with incfile.com. What would be the next step once I get the in corporation approved.?
How these e-commerce websites like paytm, freecharge etc are earning profit by giving coupons, cashbacks and what not?
I have a company that has designed a crm for NGO, How do I go about pitching it to NGOs?
Has IIM-INDORE any competitive advantage over non IIM's?
How can I market a private tours agency without a budget for marketing?
Why does business model is most important thing for an entrepreneur?
I have a wonderful role-playing virtual reality product for couples. How do I find investors who are interested and willing to invest in this very profitable global Adult Wellness industry?
If you were to market and distribute your innovation beyond your native country, how would you do it?
Is there a structured way to discover a personal mission statement?
What are some business models that finance themselves?
How can I meet gay businessmen?
Where can I find a business plan for my apparel retail store?
How do I get customers to my website?
Help me decide about my co-founder habits?
What are the most famous french dessert brands? How do they advertise themselves?
I am founding a software company. I want to provide free software developement (android app /web app) service to all but I will place a short ad on it . How can I get market?
What telecom companies should do to enhance better customer experience?
What are the most successful service businesses?
I am a failed entrepreneur who just have a lot of Ideas, but lost big in my previous stint. Should I try again?
Are there companies based on iOS software?
What happens if everyone jumps in this trend and decides to create a start-up?
What do you think about developing a digital signage system for hospitals? Will it be a profitable business?
As of late 2015, what Fortune 100 companies are most likely to lose significant market position in the next 5 years?
What are top 20 sales tricks to improve your business closing value.?
What are some good Hero motorcorp dealers in Bangalore, India?
Can I form a non profit organization in US holding H-1 Visa?
What are creative ways to increase user installations for a video streaming app besides partnerships?
I have an international company in the Marshall Islands, what options are there for me to get business credit card somewhere in the world?
As startup founders raising funds, how much equity should you give to employees? To how many of them and on what basis?
Fortune 500: How do multinational companies deal with the fact that there are hatred and political tensions between nations?
How can I move my business abroad?
What are the best corporate development teams in San Francisco?
Which all are the best B2B websites?
As Tech start-up co-founders we have bootstrapped a pool of $x,000. How do we allot that money to product development, marketing and admin?
How can I get a business opportunity from flipkart for pick up store?
How much starting salary package should a person with specialisation in business analytics be expecting?
Where can I sell my pottery?
Who are Nespresso's main competitors and what are their comparable offers?
What is organisational structure of hidustan uni lever?
How is the Full time MBA course at Krannert school of Management - Purdue University? If I have to chose between Krannert and Questrom- Boston, which one is better for jobs in development sector?
What are the challenges in running an online pharmacy serving the US and Europe as a market?
Which startup in India is favorable to join where I can get to learn new technologies and develop products?
What is soundcloud's business model?
What is Vodafone's business model?
How can I find the right person at LinkedIn to build a b-2-b strategic partnership?
What are the key qualities you should look for when taking on a business partner?
Can a new brand of sanitary napkins compete with brands like stayfree and whisper?
I'm planning to start a sanitary napkins business. What should be my strategy to be able to sell these napkins when there are brands like stayfree, whispers?
How can IKEA improve its business strategy?
Where do green tea companies buy their matcha powder from in order to sell on to customers?
What does acquisitions of Mashery and Layer7 mean to Apigee and 3scale?
I am asked to do business with a customer with whom I have experienced problems before. What should I do?
I was offered a consulting position for a biotech startup. How do I negotiate compensation?
What are some professions that rely heavily on brainstorming, sound-boarding, creative problem solving, and the like?
How can one measure and optimize ROI on Intranet?
Does it make financial sense to lease a car for your business and then buy it yourself?
What is iCracked's monetization strategy?
Which framework for Wordpress should I use for my new business?
What is the revenue model of booking websites, e.g. Expedia, Kayak, etc.?
How do you determine and decide business partnerships?
Where do you conduct meetings if you don't have an office?
How does the business model of SessionM differ from Kiip?
Can any business be successful with an idea, money and manpower?
Why are companies spending $150m on a Hyperloop test if it's not viable?
What is Microsoft vision for future?
Food Delivery: Did Munchery initially consider targeting employees of companies without cafeterias?
How defensible is FedEx and UPS's market position?
Which business you can start in short money?
What is the best business that can be started while doing full time job?
What are the most important qualities of a property management company?
Why is there so much mystery surrounding how Quora makes money?
How do I turn a one man business into a multiple one and delegate?
Who are IDEO's affiliations?
Which startups you think will fail in the future and why?
What does American apparel retail revenue calendar look like?
What are HUL strategy in planning?
What is KPMG's business model?
Is is safe to import electronics from uk through a merchant on bbm? Also there I price difference of 20k, m real confused
How do you make a business email address and how much does it cost?
What are some good strategies you've used to get on the fast track at work?
What are the different BRMS (Business Rules Management System) tools? What are the most widely used BRMS tool amongst by business?
What startups are preparing to disrupt the future of business?
What is the Current situation of Remote Control Plane/ Drones market (Business) in India? What is the future of Drone market in India ?
How does an app like Untappd generate revenue?
Will big oil stop making billions of dollars and end all operations to prevent a climate catastrophe?
What are the best way to brand your business?
What is the import duty cost difference in importing fully finished products vs partially finished products from china to india?
What do you make of EquityRoots (Hotel Crowdfunding | Real Estate Investing | EquityRoots™ ) as a funding platform?
From Where can I get funds for doing a startup. And what are their terms?
GTD Applications: GQueues power users: How did you set up your queues & categories for max productivity and minimum friction?
What is wrong with the Daily Deals business model?
What should Peet's Coffee be doing to beat Starbucks?
