What would happen if synthetic cloth was dipped in vinegar and then buried in soil for 20 days?
What are modern men's underwear?
Is it wrong to wear cut sleeve banyan?
What do you mean by resort wear collection?
Why it is acceptable for men to be in public with their upper bodies undressed, but not women? What would happen if a woman tried?
What are the best cute summer outfits for women?
What are some common applications for Celanese fabric?
Why should we not wear polyester clothes while working in a laboratory?
What kind of pants would look good with a light pink t shirt?
What is the hat called that Ronnie Van Zant had?
What has been the growth of sustainable clothing companies?
What do I do once I have inventory for an apparel company?
What are camisole tank tops?
What do valkyries wear?
Do women like men in man thongs?
Does one know of any good clothing stores for a 13-year-old?
How did wearing short clothes become power symbol for one gender?
what purpose does a revealing dress serves a woman?
What is a fresher supposed to wear on the first day at a job?
What are some specific dressing tips for overweight men? I know some, like the fact that you shouldn't wear t-shirts with horizontal stripes, but I’m looking for more.
Can body armor be used as an alternative to a riding jacket?
Do you ever wear 2 stoles at graduation?
What are some examples of the clothes used during the Industrial Revolution?
What was your favorite outfit for a wedding you went to?
Can I wear a bra under my leotard in an aerobics competition without it being really noticeable?
What materials do you need to make a traditional Mexican dress?
What clothes size do most teens wear?
Why are there extra laces on girls’ tops?
Where can I sell my used clothes?
How do I print a GIF on a T-shirt?
What are sophisticated clothing stores?
What kind of shoes should a guy pair with jeans and a casual shirt?
Is there an app or a website which gives measurements of clothes from old clothes?
What would happen if a US president refused to wear a suit?
Do girls get aroused looking at guys wearing shorts?
How would I dress in a casual chic style from the late 90's?
Why did a soldier's wife send a 56-inch bra to Modi? Will Nawaz send a matching sari?
Is it ok for a girl to wear a suit/tux to the prom?
Are cloth diapers leak free? Which is the best brand?
What are high quality clothing brands similar to Hollister but low price in local malls in California?
What can you wear with pastel colored shorts?
Where may I find beautiful Indian kurtis for sale?
Which organic garments are best to use to make T-shirts?
How did wearing a cap backwards get started?
Is it wrong for doctors to use the white coat? They do carry pathogens, but is the scene same everywhere?
What's the best jockstrap to wear under jeans?
What are the first things to note when starting your own clothing line as a designer?
You are waiting in a business lounge and wearing a business suit and shoes. I walk in wearing a t-shirt and flip-flops. What is your first thought?
How do I start a clothing line in Los Angeles?
Are you looking for unique T-shirt designs for kids?
Is wearing your heart on your sleeve a good or bad thing?
What is the correct way to wear a cap in Islam, and is wearing a cap like Aladdin allowed?
Is it wrong to wear sneakers with a formal dress?
What are Indian Muslims views on Sania Mirza wearing a short skirt?
Is it good to wear casual clothes at work or a uniform?
Where in LA can I have t-shirts manufactured?
Why do ladies’ jeans have a smaller zipper than men’s?
How do I stop addiction to buying clothes?
How did people wear clothing in Ancient Israel?
What kind of jewelry is appropriate for a single man of status to wear?
How is the market like in Auckland for Traditional Indian ethnic wear?
What shirt can I wear with a blue blazer?
Which type of underwear should men wear?
Do boys find girls more attractive in traditional dresses than short dresses?
What type of men’s underwear attracts women the most?
Which is the best place for men’s clothing in Bangalore?
Why do flat-chested girls wear bras or bikinis?
What is meant by a formal dress in India?
Where can I get trendy as well as casual shorts for running?
What should I wear in an Indian summer wedding (Delhi)?
How would I make Carrie Bradshaw's tutu outfit look masculine?
Which type and material of clothes should be best suitable for Indian climatic conditions?
How can you make a Mexican dress?
Do feminists support the idea of guys being allowed to wear short-shorts with their parts half hanging out?
How should I wear short knitted cardigan?
What is the perfect outfit for the beach season?
Dark brown suit with pink shirt and purple tie. Is this a good combination?
How can I get quality material like the Allen Solly t-shirt material?
What do young Iranians wear in their everyday life?
What do I do to get a job in Canada in apparel retail as a buyer?
How would I dress in early 90's fitness wear if I'm a guy?
Why does Indian fabric, or Indian clothing, have color bleeding?
Do you find tie clips tasteful or cheesy?
What colour of shirt suit goes with blue jeans?
How can I get a maximum discount and the best cloth combinations for men on Myntra?
Why do your boobs hang low when you wear support bras?
Will wearing long-sleeves and hats make skin get lighter?
What does your school's uniform look like?
Are their any underground clothing companies that still create Hip Hop style baggy jeans for men?
Will a collarless jersey shirt look nice on a not so muscular guy?
Which bra should I wear under a noodle strap backless dress?
Which is the perfect bra size?
Why does it feel weird to put on pants first then socks? What percentage of the population does this?
What should I wear for my interview at IIHR?
How would I do a mix of heavy metal fashion with casual chic fashion?
How did guys wear neon in the early 90's, before grunge?
What are the best women jeans brands?
How do I dress similar to “Casual Chic” from the late 90's if I'm a guy?
What's the male equivalent of a sports bra?
Who wears underwear as swimwear?
What colour shirt should I wear with light brown trousers?
Where can one buy mom jeans in India?
How do you attach sequins to your clothes?
Is it wrong to go into a clothes shop just to try on clothes?
Which of the following country is going to sell high-tech chemical protective clothing to India?
How do I make my blazer coat?
In June, I want to visit Gangotri and beyond (Gaumukh, etc.). What is some advice about weather, path, food, clothing, etc.?
What is a good top or T-shirt for a red-and-black pair of check rough jeans?
Which color shirt should a black man wear?
How were clothes made during Shakespeare's time?
What would have been the male equivalent of women's workout gear and neon during 1990 to 1991?
What are some specific dressing tips for overweight men?
Where can I buy the best pants (cotton) in Mysore?
What should a boy wear for the PIWAT?
Is it possible to sell Indian women’s wear in Pakistan?
Are polo shirts still in style or are they a thing that never goes out of style?
Where's the best place to buy a flat cap in the UK?
Why do men's shirts have breast pocket on the right side?
Is there an exclusively Canadian food, drink, type of clothing or hobby?
Is there a reason why President Trump refuses to close the top button of his suit jacket?
What is the dress code in Pondicherry University?
What is a fresh suit?
How and when did sleeved dresses, extending below the knees and with narrowed waists and singular color schemes, go out of style in the US?
Why do people have a problem with ripped jeans in India?
Is it always necessary to match belts and shoes, even when we wear casual outfits?
Why do we need to wear uniforms to school?
Is a dark brown suit with a white shirt and pink tie a good combination?
Does wearing women’s bras make men feel like women?
Do transgender women always wear skirts and dresses?
How do I know what overall size I should wear?
How do I run a retail clothes business in a successful way?
How do you wear clothing post-shoulder surgery?
Is it good to wear a black dress in summer?
What sort of things should I learn before pursuing a degree in fashion design?
What outfit is preferred for Eid by a women?
During BUD/S training, are you allowed to wear compression shorts, or do you have a required undergarment supplied to you?
How do I start a clothing line with no experience in tailoring?
What's the best clothes detergent for doing your laundry at home?
What color can I wear with navy?
Does Azim Premji University have any specific dress code?
What's the best place to find cheap clothing online in India?
What size is a boy’s large in men’s sizes?
Do cargo pants look good on skinny girls?
Why are so many people excited about Melania Trump not wearing a headscarf in Saudi Arabia, while in fact no non-Muslim women wear headscarves there?
What are the pros and cons of wearing boyshort style underwear?
Which outfits are best for a lady doctor?
If you swallowed a 100' long thin piece of cloth until it was at the end keeping the end hanging from your mouth would you be able to floss your body?
What things should I take care of while purchasing cloth for suit and getting it tailored? My height is 5'10.
What is "smart casual" dress for men in Europe?
What can be done with a pile of used and torn clothes?
Where can I buy Dhoti pants - online or in Hyderabad?
Can Genteel (liquid detergent) be used to wash normal clothes (the ones we wear everyday)?
Where can I find a strapless bra that is comfortable? I'm a male but I wear bras and have not found a strapless one that fits well.
How do I mix and accessorize with neon if I wear an all black outfit?
What does a boy wear in high school that a girl considers "well dressed"?
Can straight men wear women's clothing out in public?
What do celebs do at Cannes other than styling in hideous outfits?
Should a man tell a women to wear makeup?
Can boys wear girls’ dresses?
For a man who has no interest in fashion but still wants to look good, what are the best options without breaking the bank?
What are the best places to buy trendy clothes in Kolkata?
Why do girls love to wear skinny jeans?
Where can I buy quality wholesale men suits?
Is faux leather the same as leather?
What color panties are you currently wearing?
What is a good online place to sell cycling clothing and footwear in the UK?
Do any females like wearing a one-piece swimsuit in the bathtub?
How do you fix the zipper on a pair of pants?
What should I wear to a festival?
What can I couple with my vests to get a casual look this summer?
What is the importance of targeting a specific market when establishing a clothing business?
What is the company of bra and panties you are currently wearing?
What measurements do I need to stitch a women's dress shirt that fits her perfectly?
Are you looking for wholesale dresses at an affordable cost?
How do I get the perfect formal look?
Why do girls look hot and beautiful in gym leggings/tights?
I play hardcore games on my phone, and it warms up a lot. I put it on a box with ice and keep a cloth between them. Is that alright?
What is natural fiber in clothing?
What is the definition of branded garments for GST purposes?
What is the easiest way to sew pockets in a skirt?
What should I wear everyday at my MBA college?
When will big Bazaar will get old clothes?
Is there any side effects on wearing cooling vest?
If I’m looking to have a silver (ag) mesh piece fabricated for an invention, who would I contact, a machinist, a jeweler, or someone who deals in fabrics?
Which color of casual shirt suits an indigo blue t-shirt?
Which colour shirt suits black jeans?
What is a Jacketing column?
What are the different glow in the dark fabric types used by luxury clothing brands?
Which is the best brand of men’s shirts - Gas or Diesel?
For a school mufti day, I've been told sleeveless tops are off-limits. But I only own sleeveless tops. What can I do?
What clothes do women wear in China?
Where can I find plus size shirts in Mumbai?
What would men's American Eagle jeans in size 32 waist, 30 long convert to in women's AE jeans?
Is it normal to be attracted towards the visible bra straps of a female?
Where can I get an actual custom armored superhero suit?
Is there a store that specializes in clothes for the short and stocky man?
What are the best colour combination cloths for 20 year boy?
What percentage of the world wears weaves?
How much money could a man hope for when selling his used clothing in 1905-1910 London?
Can someone lay all the fundamentals of clothing and style for men?
What is a hoodie?
Could someone please rank the major UK fashion retailers from high end to low for someone who has recently arrived?
Do Arab men wear thong underwear?
What lead to the horrible trend of stripped jeans?
How do you sew adaptive clothing?
Can you make clothing out of vantablack?
What are the absolute most comfortable all-day dress shoes?
Does men wearing suits show conformity and lack of imagination?
When shoulder carrying, should you buy coats a size larger than you typically wear to better hide the gun?
What color of shorts goes with a navy blue workout shirt?
Is it necessary to wear clothes while taking the JEE Advanced?
What should I wear while working at Kohls?
Why would an Indian girl wear Lehenga Cholis to her friend’s wedding?
Is it compulsory to wear brown shoes when you wear a brown belt? I always get confused with which colour belt and shoes that I should wear?
How do I find a manufacturer for my clothing startup without a huge catital?
Do you ever wear 2 stoles?
Why is it that businessmen must wear jackets and ties on the hottest summer days while businesswomen can wear comfortable, loose fitting garments?
Where can we buy the cheapest branded clothes in India?
What are some of the dressing tips for big-headed men? I know we should not wear hats which will make the already big heads look bigger.
What is the dress code for MBA students at Sri Ramachandra University (especially for girls)?
Why do school uniforms consists of shorts and not trousers?
Is there a market for women ethnic wear in Thailand?
What things should I take care of while purchasing cloth for suit and getting it tailored?
What colour T-shirt would go well with gray trousers?
Have you ever wanted each member of your family to design your own t-shirt to wear together during your picnic?
What clothes do we need to wear during the IIT examination?
Is there still a dress code in NIT Trichy for girls in 2017 (official or unofficial)?
Does anyone need clothes?
What lipstick should I wear with a yellowish light sand color blouse?
What is the best way to safely sell and shop around clothing designs to a large scale manufacturer, design company or store?
What underwear do women like on men?
How do sauna suits work?
Do you have pink underwear?
What color shoes can I wear with a dark-gray shirt?
Could Jewish people also wear a necklace with a hand of Fatima on it?
Do cheerleaders wear thongs?
What should I tell a five year old child when he asks,"Why is Uncle Paul wearing a dress?"
Where can I buy wholesale Asian designer clothing?
What clothing fashion is trending now?
Why do my socks always fall down?
How do you knot a shirt?
What clothes should I buy for college?
What would be considered traditional clothing in Germany?
What color tie matches with a parrot green shirt and black pants?
Why is it important to wear a mangala sutra while performing marriage?
How do I wear this top?
What dress would be good to wear for a college group photo in India?
What will look good with a navy blue plazzo?
Which are the best online companies to start an online clothing business?
What are loud ties?
Do woman like men who wear panties?
Can a used collar neck be reused by another person?
How can I remove Fevikwik from my jeans?
How come my shoes don’t fit me anymore?
What kind of garments are you interested in knitting?
Where can I find clothing manufacturers with low MOQs in Malaysia?
In which schools do students wear sarees?
Is it socially acceptable to wear articles of clothing with fire on them in the summer?
Besides dressing well, would I be ridiculed if I were to wear a top hat and "formal attire" every Tuesday to my high school?
What makes you edgy?
How many types of petticoat are there for Indian sarees?
How can I suppress my urge to wear women's clothing?
Which material is used to make eco-friendly carry bags that look like cloth?
What should I wear during the ice trekking as I have a bad vision?
Where can I get export rejected garments in Chennai, similar to those available in Fashion Street, Mumbai?
Is there any slight chance of pregnancy during outercourse? Both are fully clothed so there was never a penetration or ejaculation at all.
Why do my parents say that I can not wear dark pink or red dress? Why do they get so angry when I wear those?
How did guys wear the exercise gear like women did during 1990-1991 two years before Grunge?
What is the best bra for running?
What color is suitable with a pink colored blouse?
Which online sites are good and reliable for shopping ethnic Indian wears?
Why do they only make sweater pill shavers with battery power? Why can't you buy a sweater pill shaver that has a cord that plugs into the wall?
How do I dress as the red shift for Halloween?
What should I do if I don't like my prom dress anymore?
Where/how can I find an activewear apparel manufacturer to start a line that includes my own custom print? What is the best country for this?
What should I wear for the SLS Pune interview? I am a girl.
Why do men in gymnastics wear socks but not women?
What are the best matching colors for a tshirt and shirt combo with shoes?
I am into wearing womens panties. I’ve been doing this for a while. Why do i like this?
The onesie at one point, very popular, created some unusual looks. Do you have any favourites, and least favourite onesies?
Why do golfers wear brightly coloured/patterned pants?
Among these countries Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar, Vietnam, Bangladesh, India, or China which is cheaper to source infant clothes and accessories?
How would I dress in a 1990-1991 outfit if I'm a guy?
For patients with venous insufficiency, is there a notable difference in using knee high versus thigh high compression stockings?
What is polyurethane used in clothing?
If I am a 28x30 men's size for a pair of jeans, what size would I be for women's?
Where can I find a stylish winter coat in South Africa?
Where can I get U.S.-made wholesale clothing for women online?
Do you think the quality of food, clothing, and other manufactured products (their longevity, life and sturdiness) has become a thing of the past?
Is padded and wired bra injurious to breasts?
Which is your favorite male underwear?
Why do people in North India wear scarves a lot?
Are 100% cotton jackets warm?
How can I shorten the heel of a shoe? I really like these shoes, but the heel is too high for me to wear them.
Other than the formal black and white combination, which colour combinations would go well for formal attire for women?
What is the business mode of the wholesale apparel business in the USA?
What is traditional American garb?
What are some signs of high quality hoodies and t-shirts?
Where can I get this type of stitching done for a T-shirt?
Which color bra are you currently wearing?
Why do South Indian girls wear a bindi?
Is mink oil good for leather shoes?
Why do people find ripped jeans so fashionable?
What clothes do Indian tourists wear in Europe?
Is it a good idea to bring export-quality garments directly from Bangladeshi factories and sell them to wholesellers in India at reasonable prices?
Where can I find good running shorts for men online?
What should you do if you want to design a separate style for your club T-shirt?
If I am falling from an airplane, can using my t-shirt as a possible parachute potentially save me?
Do Jewish women who cover their hair do so around their immediate family? Who would they not do that around?
Can girls wear what ever dress they want after the college hours at Amrita Bangalore?
Do any men nowadays wear trouser braces/suspenders unironically?
What clothing brand makes durable clothes?
Do you wear a binder? I'm honestly just curious.
Do you wear slippers at home?
Why do some people love wearing jeans?
What are the best outfits for workout for a female (it would be helpful with images)?
What underwear is suitable to wear under white jeans?
Is wearing a watch out of style?
Who wears tights with steel cap boots either to work or casually?
What would a goose wearing a leather jacket look like?
Is it normal to notice somebody's bra visible from her top, the color or the floral design? Does that happen with all bras?
Can I wear sweats to my work?
What is this trend called where you button a denim shirt all the way up to the top, and how can you pull it off?
If you throw stones at sewage, it's your dress that will get spoiled. What is the equivalent idiom in English?
Are there any maxi skirts that don't have a giant slit?
What kind of footwear does Maria Clara (in Noli Me) wear?
What are some opinions on the compulsory wearing of formal attire in Indian tech companies?
Nowadays, is it common among males to wear a bra?
Where can I find Indian exporters who deal in women’s ethnic wear?
What are the characteristics of the clothing during Shakespeare's time?
Which colour waistcoat should I wear with a blue shirt and grey trousers?
What are male rompers?
Are there international apparel brands present in Japan and do they sell European sizes?
Why do business owners often make their employees wear ugly uniforms they would never wear themselves?
How did guys wear workout gear back in the year 1990?
Does it really matter what you wear or just as long as you are comfortable?
Where is the place to help you create unique and stylish custom T-shirts for your team?
What's the best thing to wear for a casual party?
Which colour formal shirt looks good for black pant other than blue?
What type of clothes should I take for a holiday in Palampur and Dharamshala on the last few days of May?
What is bio-wash fabric?
What should I wear to onboarding at Accenture if the e-mail mentioned business formals?
How can clothes be fashionable and regarded as beautiful one season, and then suddenly be considered unfashionable and ugly the next?
What type of shoes should I wear with classic shorts?
How do you dress dead people?
What's wrong with a knee length brown leather a-line skirt to a job interview?
How can I have wrinkle free clothes without ironing?
Where do all of the garments go if they are not sold?
Why can't you wear panties during an operation if your surgery is a rhinoplasty?
Why does President Trump wear his tie far too long and never button his suit jackets?
What size knickers should I be buying for a UK 36/38 waist? What is the best women's thong that holds male parts in place nicely?
What is Supreme Clothings official site?
How can I get my sister to buy me women’s underwear?
Do you wear your beliefs on your chest or hide them in your pocket and why?
What are the traditional clothing in South Africa?
Is it acceptable for a woman to wear wellies to work?
What is the easiest way to make a traditional Mexican dress?
What is the difference between handloom and readymade garments?
For a man who has muscular thighs and legs, are slim-fitting jeans harmful to the man’s package?
How do you style acid wash jeans?
What are good prom after-party outfits?
Which is the best country to export knitted garments?
How should I wear long waistcoat?
What makeup goes with a blue, traditional Indian wear outfit?
Can a man wear pink and still manage to look masculine?
Do girls like men in underwear?
Would you tell me your bra colour if I asked you?
What is the difference between apparel and garment?
What are stock clothing?
Have you ever thought of always recognizing your teammates when you look at the t-shirt they're wearing in any crowded place?
Is it okay for men to wear Dr. Martens 1914 boots with skinny jeans? I love the look of the mid-calf boots, but I am worried what others might think.
What color underwear are you currently wearing?
Where can I buy some boxer briefs that come with piece of fabric on the inside, like women's underwear would? I'm a trans boy without surgery.
What's the best cheapest website to ombre custom Tshirts shirts?
British mayors wear a chain of office. What does it represent and what are the origins?
Where should I look out for the best range of sarees in Bangalore?
Why does cricketer Rohit Sharma wear kajal?
What did the T-shirts look like for the casual chic look during the late 90's?
Which type of underwear is best worn at the gym?
Why are one colour pieces of clothes more expensive than multi coloured ones?
Do a navy blue shirt and brown pants look good together?
Can girls studying at CMC Vellore wear clothes of their choice or are there rules?
What is the difference between panties and lingerie?
What are the advantages of a penny loafer?
What dress should we have to wear for workshops in SRM?
What are some outfit ideas for a glow party?
What are good names for my subscription men's clothing startup?
Are shorts commonly worn in Mexico in the Spring and Summer?
What is the average salary for a student who has done a BSc in Fashion and Apparel Design?
Where can I buy local second-hand Japanese t-shirts?
Where can I get ombre shirts custom made for a decent price in the USA?
Does sweat stain clothes?
Where can you find trendy clothes in Hyderabad?
How do males tan since most men wear boardshorts?
Where can I find Western women’s top wholesalers?
What is underwear made out of?
What are Betzalel Shapiro's favorite outfits?
How should I dress to a house party?
How should I wear classy vest in spring?
Should overweight people pay more for their clothes?
What are High Street fashion brands?
What does it mean when a guy offers you his t-shirt?
What is the difference between anarkali suits and salwar?
Which is your favorite male underwear (pics)?
Why would a doctor(?) be wearing her white lab coat and stethoscope outside her office? Saw this yesterday near Vanderbilt University.
Which American department has the most variety police uniform combination allowed (cargo pants, polo, dress shirts, etc)?
Do you recommend a Bosch clothes washer?
Can transgender women only wear long skirts and dresses?
How do I sew an accordion stretch panel, does the elastic have to be pre-stretched?
Why do women wear revealing clothes and gets angry when people glance at her?
What should I wear for a college function?
As a Chinese person, it is very hard to understand sentences like, 'It cannot fit too close,' and, 'They will fit a pit as well as better.' What's the trick?
Where can I buy 50 inch (120cm) waist-size shorts and a 54–58 inch casual shirt in India?
Which blazer should I wear with a violet shirt?
Is it old-fashioned to wear a gold-plated watch being a teenager?
What's your favourite foot wear and why?
What is a thong?
Which color of pants will suit light orange shirts?
Should you trademark your brand before selling apparel on ecommerce?
What are the setbacks of a penny loafer?
Is wearing white pants gay?
Where do I find the best Timb B's to wear?
What is the best way to transport clothing from India to Europe and how to make agreements when starting up a business?
How can I learn fashion designing from home to make my own clothes?
What should I do if I sweat a lot and I always have to dress in heavy attire and makeup even at home?
How can I convince my parents to approve of me wearing androgynous clothes?
Do clothes hung out on the line start getting wet again? When does this happen and what causes it?
What are some custom t-shirts kids can make?
Which colour shirt or T-shirt should I wear with light green cotton full pants?
Do guys like it when a girl wears their hoodie?
Are high knee socks cute with short shorts?
How can I wear Vans high-tops?
This Friday my best friend is coming. I want to design a couple t-shirts for us. Can you tell me some suggestions?
What are some smart but casual shoes I can wear everyday?
Why are bras measured in cups?
Should I get a kinesiology degree to start a clothing line?
Why do women's clothing sizes vary so much from brand to brand?
Is it wrong for transgender women to just wear long skirts and long dresses?
Do you button the jacket if you have a vest under it?
What is your opinion on girls that wear too much make up?
What colour jeans should I pair with a light blue denim shirt and blue denim shoes?
I have a wedding coming up as a maid of honour, what should I wear?
Can I wear hoodies to Christ University?
What makes a children's fashion brand high quality?
How do you remove lint balls from your clothes?
Can I get a Quora shirt and hoodie from Quora?
How can I find replica leather jackets?
Why do Indian girls wear white leggings with a kurti with slit? It always reveals the inner, and they should know it. It’s an instant turn-on for boys.
What are the top 10 clothing brands for teenagers?
Do old wiped yogurt stains on shirts present a risk of bad poisonous bacterial growth?
What are some rules for casual clothing?
What are the shoes called which we wear with dresses?
Can straight men wear women's clothing and stockings out?
What are the benefits of dressing up when going to the airport?
Where can I get boyfriend jeans in Chandigarh?
What is the best party wear outfits for a dark tonned tall skinny guy?
Is it a good time to launch a clothing brand in the market?
For a military veteran wearing full formal kilt at a black-tie event, is it appropriate to wear military medals and devices?
Do rich people save or buy from cheap stores i.e. local markets, regular clothing brands, etc.?
Is there a major difference between American shirt sizes and other countries’ shirt sizes?
If a guy sends me a big package from London to the US and puts 7,000£ in an envelope with clothes, shoes, and a phone, is it a scam?
Where can I buy women's summer shorts?
Do girls change dresses like men do in their hostel, and are their breasts and bras visible to their roommates?
How many of you women leave a few buttons open on their dress shirts?
How I can start a store for kids wear at Dubai?
Where can I purchase jeans wholesale?
Will other clothing companies make male rompers?
Where can I get shoes that were worn by models on Beth Ditto's website?
Do you think it’s weird to wear cycling clothes?
Why do women always have to look well dressed in India?
Is there an age or social status at which it is no longer OK to accept used clothes?
What are some tips you can give to look perfect in Salwar Kameez?
Is it technically ok to wash soft clothes, like handkerchiefs, with a shampoo?
Which shirt collar works best with a bow tie?
How do you design your own leotards?
How can I sell my clothing to retailers? How do I contact them?
Can I go to any website to design my own club t-shirt?
How do I make sure that my strapless bra doesn't constantly slip down?
Which is the best place in Mumbai to buy designer lehengas at throwaway prices?
Can a T-shirt’s length be altered?
What is the reason that ministers wear clerical collars?
What are girls’ favourite type of knickers/panties?
What body hugging piece do squash players wear beneath their shorts?
If someone wore a jacket all day everyday, could their body adapt to it and slightly dependent on the jacket to keep a normal body temperature?
What are the best lines to write on a Girls's T shirt?
What is a dress style?
Why do women wear boy shorts?
Should a female manager wear a headscarve at a conference?
What is acceptable dress code for a navy ball?
Where can I get surplus garments in Bellary?
What face veils are worn by women in ISIL?
What is the best way to find a scarf supplier in Italy?
What's the best way to find new clothes I like?
What colour are your knickers today?
Why do clothes smell if not dried properly?
Do clothes in China say "made around the corner" or something?
What is the best push-up men's underwear?
Why do we wear clothes while other species don`t?
From where Kohli gets his clothes?
Where can I learn how to make baseball caps?
Do you wear a binder?
What shoes, that would cover a foot tattoo, would look good with a formal green dress?
Where is the best place to recline the grain after altering a pattern for trousers?
Is it legal in the UK to enforce men to wear long smart trousers for work when women can wear skirts and dresses?
Why is a school considered a formal organisation?
Do you think humans will ever stop wearing clothes?
What are underwear elastic bands made of?
After using a double edge razor, do you strip them down to clean and dry them every time or just rinse them and leave them to dry naturally?
Where can you buy denim fabric at wholesale rates?
When are polyester clothes worn?
Would you still wear clothes if you were alone on the planet?
Which is the best market for college students​ in Delhi to buy clothes​?
How can I dress office smart and keep some personality in my wardrobe?
Where I can get some nice suits in Hyderabad? Which market is good for shopping?
How can I peep through girls’ panties?
How do you get permanent marker out of clothes that have already gone through the dryer?
What are some beaches in the US where clothing is optional?
Where can I buy girls’ jeans at the best prices?
How do I add variations to a product in WooCommerce, for example, if a customer wants to order an XL sized t-shirt?
Is anybody available to have an intellectual discussion about apparels or the fashion industry?
Why are the hooks of bikinis and bras different?
What is the reason for a black dress code on the day of a graduation ceremony?
What is fastener in the attached image is called?
Is it really important to wear a hat in the sun while running?
Where do I find direct buyers from Europe to export knitted, ready-to-wear garments in bulk quantities?
What do you think about a solo traveler who wears a hijab?
Where can I find nice, affordable jewelry, cool clothing and make-up?
What are your daily routine problems (ex. like tying your shoe or a pile of clothes stacked on your chair)?
How would guys have worn the early 90's colorful outfits before Grunge?
Why do some fashion shows have really weird clothes?
How do I know how much fabric to cut to take in trousers? The pattern I am using has too much fabric in the legs. Is there a formula?
Are kurtis eating into the sales of unstitched suits?
What tie would go best with a dark blue shirt and cream pants? Also what shoes would be best? It's for a luncheon.
Which sleeve do you put on first when putting on a shirt?
Can you get pregnant from outercourse if both people are fully clothed and there’s no ejaculation or penetration?
How much water is used in manufacturing of a worsted wool suit?
What is the demand of customized clothing in India?
How did Dita Von Teese get such a tiny waist? Did corset wearing really do that?
What is a 9.5" rise in jeans called?
How do we keep our leather shoes or leather things in good shape?
How would I accessorize with neon if I'm a guy that wears an all black outfit?
Can I wear a full-sleeve t-shirt to the IIT Advanced 2017?
What are the characteristics of Celanese fabric?
Why do all the major active wear brands offer clothes for people who are fit enough and not for people who actually need it to attend gyms?
Do you think headgear is cool?
Why do so many people in the US wear the American flag as apparel even though the US Flag Code says it shouldn't be worn as an article of clothing?
Why do my shirts always come out of the dryer with the sleeves the wrong side out?
Where can I get a tee-shirt customised in India (online)?
Can Devar touch Bhabhi’s navel in a saree?
What colour should brown girls wear?
How should I wear long semi transparent cardigan?
Has India sold itself for a pair of jeans?
How do I wear bike shorts if I want to wear loose shorts over them?
Which is the more efficient way to dry a towel on a clothes line, horizontally or vertically?
What is your favorite piece of clothing or accessory?
Should I manufacture cotton pants or sweatshirts?
Why do people choose to wear skinny jeans while a regular fit looks good and feels comfortable?
Which is the best wholesale clothing supplier in Australia?
Why is it called narrow-minded when men tell girls not to wear short skirts in public?
How can I style gingham pattern clothing?
Is it to you to wear clothes that are comfortable?
Why can't you wear red to a funeral? And is it a bad idea to wear red to a job interview at a funeral home?
Why can my fat male neighbor with boobs walk down the street with no shirt on but I, a woman, can't?
What is the dress code in PSG iTech?
What research has been done on the effect of dress codes on productivity at work?
Were the colors plum, chocolate, and navy on the t shirts and spaghetti strap tops back in the late 90's?
Why did Playtex and Gerber quit making adult plastic pants?
Would girls stare at a man's penis if he wore revealing pants?
Which degree should I pursue if I want to run my dad's clothing business in the future?
Is there a dress code for entering a police station?
Where in Kolkata should I go if I want to buy a designer net/chiffon/georgette saree for an affordable price?
Why do my parents get mad at me for wearing jeans and a long sleeved shirt instead of pajamas?
What color pants goes well with a white shirt for men?
Why do Muslim women and girls always wear long-sleeved t-shirts and pants?
What purpose does a cleavage-revealing dress serve a girl if it’s not about comfort, like shorts compared to jeans?
Do females wear T-shirts underneath a buttoned shirt?
What is the name of the cloth which is used in a boiler FD fan?
Where do Depop sellers get their clothes from?
How do I buy silk fabrics?
How do I get better at dressing?
Why can't we wear trousers to school?
Where can I buy a long women’s summer rapron in India?
Where can we get good (preferably, custom-made and not Manyavar) Indian menswear in Bangalore?
Why do some Muslim men maintain a dangerous look? Why can't they simply dress and groom well?
Where can I find high quality ladies sports dresses?
Is there any place where I can get a nice leather jacket for a decent price?
What are slim-fit jeans for men called?
Which is a suitable dress for Parties and Ceremonies?
What is the average price of a 100% pima shirt in Russia?
Are Muslim women bound to only one type of clothing?
Where is the cheapest wholesale readymade market of girls clothes in India?
What kind of knitted garments are you interested in wearing?
What made you start dressing modestly?
Why do so many female newscasters dress like bimbos?
What is the best place to buy the latest designs of necklaces for a traditional outfit in the US?
Why is it that men have to dress modestly, but women don't?
What is Celanese fabric?
Who are some clothing wholesalers in Mumbai?
What do you think about designing your own custom T-shirt for your daughter or son's graduation day?
What is your opinion on sagging pants?
What do modal fabric clothing consist of?
Why do people have the perception that girls dress up for others?
Where in India do girls wear midi?
What is the best cotton for shirts?
How do garments factories ship their goods abroad?
How can I render the uploaded fabric pattern into different parts of shirts?
What clothing tops were for guys during the early 2000's?
Which shirt matches with cream colour pants?
Can girls wear boy’s t-shirts?
What color corsage goes with an ice blue prom dress?
What are clothes dyes made from?
Did your school staff scold you for wearing short skirts or was it fine?
What's your favorite, most desired football kit that you believe is the most detailed, colourful and beautiful looking?
Why should we not wear polyester clothes while working in a laboratory?
Will males wearing short shorts come Back in style?
Do hoodies help with stealth?
What's the best fabric for tailoring a barrister's robe?
Is it worth it to buy clothes in Zaful?
Which colours should I use on fabric for hand prints?
If you already have a bad running rash on your crotch from the wrong underwear, can you just buy the cream and compression shorts and run right away?
How can I get a cs50 t-shirt after finishing the course?
How does the water on washed clothes evaporate?
Where can I buy women rapron in India?
As seasons change from winter to summer and then MN to rains, which clothes would you choose?
How do I find some real buyers who are looking for plain or dyed satin fabric?
What can men wear under boat neck tshirts?
Where can I buy real vintage clothing online apart from eBay?
Do you know of wholesalers who allow you to sell items like Asian clothing on credit terms?
Is there any uniform or dress code at NMIT in Bangalore (especially for girls)?
Why do people quote the Bible to prove homosexuality is a sin, but then eat shellfish and have no issue with women having short hair or wearing pants?
Which is the best online store to buy casual and formal wear at reasonable prices?
Why do womens' one-piece bathing suits contain built-in bras?
Why do schools not like kids to wear expensive shoes, as they ask kids to not wear those shoes because it lowers other kids’ self-esteem?
How can I sell high-quality, handmade stoles (ladies’ scarves) in the US?
How does one properly wear a Fedora?
What color pants do I wear with white shirt and charcoal-grey blazer?
Why do you think Frost is wearing a robe/cape?
How do I become an apparel manufacturing partner for brands such as Nike, Under Amour, Uniqlo, etc.?
Why doesn't J. Cole dress the same way he did when he first came out, with the flashy jewelry and clothes?
What is branded apparel?
For summer time, what would working women wear under their work clothes (i.e. Underneath work dresses or suits)?
Can I combine double cuff shirts with chinos?
What materials do you need to make your own underwear?
What is the dress code for Amity admission?
What is the dress code for women in tirumala?
What do you think about the Cruise/Resort fashion shows this season?
Why don't girls in Western countries wear bras as often as those in the East?
How can I get a job as a buyer in the clothing industry? I have lots of experience as an importer in the clothing industry.
How do I create my own clothing brand?
Do girls wear skirts in Sikkim?
Is wearing a watch out of style?
Can I patent a shirt design off CustomInk?
How can I be a buyer for a clothing retailer? I have lots of experience in this industry as a importer from Bangladesh. Also, I am a native.
Can anyone help me find fairtrade clothing companies?
Why do women avoid wearing skin-color leggings?
If India were to have an official (and traditional) dress code, what would it be?
How common is it for the dress shoes of southern men to be woven or have woven elements?
What are equestrian apparel?
If a woman’s waistline is big, then what kind of dresses does the woman wear?
Why is polyester not suitable for summer wear?
What should I wear for my cousin sisters kerala wedding?
What is the best cheap cotton underwear brand?
What can I wear when I go to my tuition classes, casual or something more formal?
Why aren’t fielders allowed to wear gloves?
Why do the economists wear bow ties?
What kind of dresses would suit tall and broad-shouldered girls?
How would I get a stylish dress sense?
Where are Monica Geller’s clothes from?
What type of colours are used on fabrics for hand printing?
Why can't men wear bikini?
How can I match neon shoes in winter?
Why is Dhoni wearing full sleeves jersey since last 3 matches?
If the world was created again, what are the chances that a suit and tie would be considered formal clothing?
Where is the wholesale market for branded clothes in Bangalore for men?
What is a Jacketing column?
What kind of shoes should a guy pair with jeans and a casual shirt?
How can I turn my dupatta into a classy shrug?
What is the detail chain of getting branded clothes (designing, manufacturing outsource, buying it back etc.)?
Have you ever been attacked or shot while wearing clothing by Miguel Caballero?
What is the difference between golf shirts and polo shirts?
Which is the best wholesale market in Surat for ladies western wear?
Why do women wear boy shorts?
Are there any Indian factories that produce prepreg carbon fiber? I need to get my dry cloth impregnated in India.
Why do my blue jeans seem to absorb more heat from the sun than my black jeans?
Which is the best brand of men’s shirts - Gas or Diesel?
Why do Indians look down upon a Westerner who is wearing jeans/shorts in public?
If I farted, will it stay on my clothes or completely go after some time?
What's the fiber bundle size in fabric laminate?
Are there any cute clothing stores out there that sell modest clothes?
What are the best underwear games for bachelorettes?
What products can I re-sell, other than clothing?
How hot does it have to be before you go bare chested or wear a bikini?
What do Amazon do of the clothes returned by the customer?
Where can I donate clothes to needy people in Vimannagar, Pune?
What kind of sari should be worn for interviews?
Which colour of jeans goes with a denim shirt?
How do you tailor feedback to fit the recipient?
Has wearing a safety pin stopped much violence against women in Muslim countries? Have the Women's March pink hats done much better?
How should I wash maxi dresses?
What kind of fabrics were used to make clothes during the 16th century in Persia?
Why is a cloth placed over a person's face during waterboarding?
Where can I find the best pet clothing?
Can anyone suggest the best domain name for an e-commerce website?
Why do boys wear shorts in Winter?
Where can I buy leather straps to make a choker?
How do you customize you shirt in Roblox?
Where can I find NSIT printed t-shirts?
Which are the best men’s clothing stores in India on Instagram?
How should I wear shorts in the summer?
Does Walmart sell cloth pins?
What do we call cloth in Sanskrit?
What are the best garment manufactoring companies in Africa?
Can I wear sweatpants?
Why is there not underwear made for men that are like women's panties?
How should I dress in a gala in Manhattan? What should we do there?
Are there any stores that sell clothes that have the American Eagle style, but that are cheaper?
How would life be different if humans never started wearing clothes?
What are the top products in the female workwear sector?
What colour back cover will suit a black Redmi Note 4?
Can you wear your own clothes in prison?
What are some stylish men's clothing brands made for athletic built men with big arms, chest and small waist?
Do you guys like limited edition shoes and clothes?
How much does it take to set up a factory for making clothes in India?
What are bottom wears apart from jeans?
Which kind of fit for a formal shirt should a man with a potbelly wear? Regular?
What should be the latest dress for girls?
Which colour blazer matches a deep pink top?
What were some early 90's shorts for men?
What are the Moldavians’ clothing styles?
What lingerie should I wear under my dress when I meet this guy at his place on Wednesday? Pics would help.
What type of clothes should guys with big chest wear?
What are some workout trendy outfits for summers?
What are some of the best fabric for summers?
How can I get my sister to buy me women’s underwear?
Are you tired of tucking your shirt over and over?
What is my bra size if my band size is 32 and my cup size is 36?
How do you keep off of the shoulder shirts off of the shoulders? Mine always pop up.
Donald Duck wears nothing underneath, then why does he wear a towel after coming out of a shower?
Can a straight guy wear a white T-shirt in America?
Which is the best market for college students​ in Delhi to buy clothes​?
Where can I get Ralph Lauren shirts in Bangalore?
What did men and children in ancient India in wear?
Which are the best and stylish Kurti manufacturers in Amar Colony, Delhi?
Would it be weird or inappropriate to ask a lady why she does not wear sleeveless tops or blouses?
Why is market strategy important in branded apparel?
Where can I find a fabric expert person who can tell me all about fabrics in Hyderabad or Mumbai?
Is it true that wearing Rupa underwear is against Islam? Why?
What colour suits blue jeans?
Why the hell are people so supportive of women dressing provocatively?
Why does this young woman wear the same clothes to university almost everyday and orders the same food?
Can boys wear stole?
Where can I get an ethnic Indian wear for my daughter who is 7 months old?
Why are even jeans considered wrong in some parts of India when leggings wearing girl look and feel more glamorous to me?
If you could have any words written on your shirt, what would they be?
How should I wear a Breton top in the summer?
What is my bra size if my band is 39 and cup size 41?
Does YG,etc Entertainments allow idols to wear clothes of their own wish for MVs or are they given a range to choose from; basically, how is it done?
What type and color of footwear goes well with a black kurta, pyjama, and a beige/cream Nehru jacket?
Who are some women that regularly go braless?
Is wearing a Chinese jacket cultural appropriation?
What are woollen clothes used for?
Do I have to declare jewelry that I wear when travelling to other countries?
What are the problems which arise in denim fabric?
Which colour top would look best with an off-white coloured Palazzo?
What's the easiest way to find a factory to print T-shirts?
What's your favorite online women's clothing store?
How are woollen clothes manufactured?
What’s the percentage of South African consumers’ spending on clothing and shoes?
What are some stores that specialize in petite clothing?
What do you do when you don’t like your boyfriend's dress sense?
Why does the skin of your finger shrink when you wash clothes for a long time?
Where can we use a leather jacket?
Can straight pants be worn with a kurta?
Why do my feet swell after wearing shoes the whole day?
What are the best jackets for both cold and rain?
What colour lipstick would go best with a turquoise-green dress?
Why do white products (shoes and clothing, etc.) almost always have a white background in advertisements? It doesn’t make sense at all and its hard to see their details.
Why should Muslim women wear black burqas even in the hot summer while men can dress in white kurta pyjamas which are way more comfortable?
What should be a unique Brand name for women's clothing?
What were some mid 90's clothing tops and shoes for guys?
Can I wear a grey suit to prom if my date is wearing a tan dress?
Why do Japanese salarymen like to wear whirt shirt and black pants as their "uniform" to work?
What is the name of the colorful cloth strings with puffy balls and flowers that dangle from the elbows and wrists of the Rajasthani dancers?
Is it ok to wear sweat pants or pantaloons while playing volleyball?
What do you feel more comfortable in, a tracksuit or jeans?
What type of dresses should we wear to attend interviews?
What is the best idea for a startup business lady in hand-loomed garments?
Do girls in New Delhi wear midi?
What was your experience when you wore khakis for the first time?
What's the school/boarding school in Delhi with a red and grey striped/checked skirt and white shirt?
What color of shirt and tie should one wear with a black suit?
Where should I go, in the wholesale market, to buy good quality western dresses at a low price for my newly set up boutique?
A trademark says "clothing, namely, shirts and caps for sporting wear". Is it "all" for sporting wear or only "caps" for sporting wear?
What's your go-to casual outfit for going out with friends?
Where can I get wholesale clothes at the cheapest rate in India for women?
Should Indian IT services companies abolish outdated policies like formal dress code and compsulsory 9 working hours?
What type of casual shoes would go best with a white printed shirt and dark green trousers?
Can I use branded jeans in a commercial?
What materials do you need to make different kinds of jeans?
When a woman wears a shirt that shows off her boobs, how long are you allowed to look?
What is the dress code in GITAM University?
What are some websites that sell cute fairy kei clothes?
Which colour shirt would suit a pair of camel-colour pants?
Do push-up and strapless bras really work, or are they like any other fancy pieces of women’s clothing?
Is it harmful if I do not wear sports bra during exercise?
What design/features would women would like to have in Yoga wear?
Can I wear sweatpants every day?
Do polo shirts look good with sweat pants?
Where can I donate used clothes (in good condition) in Dombivli?
Will girls like my small chest when I take off my shirt this summer?
How do you make a 70s outfit?
What are some significant differences among the clothing styles of different generations?
Can I wear men's underwear to the beach for swimming?
Why do so many male historians on British TV wear a blue cotton shirt and cream chinos?
Is setting up a manufacturing unit for branded clothes profitable or is there a more profitable model?
Are you looking for some unique T-shirts?
Can anybody identify the shirt that Norway's singer was wearing in Eurovision 2017?
How and where do I get a Supreme box logo hoodie?
What is a high quality brand for bras?
Why do we wear sweatpants in the gym?
Why do guys stare at the gaps of women's pants?
Are girls’ or guys’ clothes more comfortable?
What are your favourite inexpensive dress shirts?
Are there any benefits to a tracksuit compared with jeans?
Why do my socks always fall down?
What pants should I wear with a pink shirt?
What colour shirt will suit cream-coloured pants?
What are good tops and pants to wear with olive green sneakers?
Why do adults always seem to question ripped jeans?
Has the fact that you don't wear underwear ever presented a problem or resulted in an uncomfortable situation at work?
Is it okay to wear underwear while in a spa?
Where can I go topless in India?
Can you use dryer sheets when drying baby clothes?
Which of the following country is going to sell high-tech chemical protective clothing to India?
When is the best time to start selling winter/fall clothing?
What if our military reconnaissance people wore ninja suits?
What is the best surfing underwear for men?
Is wearing ring-neck or collared shirts allowed in JEE Advanced?
Would you wear Peter Quill's (Starlord of Guardians of the Galaxy) leather jacket (the short version in GoG1) in real life?
How can I remove Fevikwik from my jeans?
Will every graduate wear a hood?
Where can I find clothing manufacturers with low MOQs in Malaysia?
Are there going to be any changes in dress code with keeping Muslim students in mind and the recent bra incident for NEET 2018?
Why do UK weather presenters have such a terrible dress sense?
Will people notice if I change my clothes?
Which is the best way to make a tie and dye t-shirt?
What should you do to sell branded intact clothes in small quantities?
Which styles/brands of clothes are recommended for a 30 year old male who wants to purchase multiple items of a particular outfit for work and casual wear?
Are there websites that offer made to measure womens dresses for reasonable prices?
What is Italian clothing made of?
How do I compile different colours of shirts and trousers for office and church outfits?
Why do defence personnel wear neck scarf in India?
What shirt, shoes, and trousers should I wear with a lavender blazer?
How does the VDV wear their uniforms?
Why do clothes become electrified?
Are people overreacting to Beyonce dressing up as a goddess?
What are some ways to remove blueberry stains from clothing?
Why do people choose to wear skinny jeans while a regular fit looks good and feels comfortable?
Which is the best wholesale clothing supplier in Australia?
How do Iranians dress in their homes vs the streets?
Is selling clothing online profitable?
How can you wash poison ivy out of clothes?
How do I promote a new female clothing online brand with in India with less budget to compete with other major brands?
How should I wear a vest in summer?
If India is to have an official dress code of its own (traditional), what will it be?
How much does it cost to make tshirts of the quality like Lacoste and Ralph Lauren with the same fabric they use?
What site would you recommend for buying men's knee high argyle/striped socks?
Once you had lost weight, what did you do with your old clothes?
Why is a V-neck shirt considered gay in the Western world?
Should pantyhose make a big comeback? I love wearing them and wish others did too.
What is a good color/pattern tie to pair with a solid white dress shirt?
How can I start dressing the way I want?
What's all the issue about dress code of Christ university?
Does black cloth absorb more water?
I have extremely wide shoulders and slim hips/legs. How do I dress proportionately?
Are there alternatives to wearing a bra while maintaining decency at the same time for a slim but heavy chested woman?
What shirt, shoes and pants should I wear with a lavender (light purple) blazer?
Is there a dress code at R.C. Patil?
Why do women like wearing shiny black patent leather boots?
Would girls stare at a man's penis if he wore revealing pants?
Why "Sari" attire in India is considered decent than ladies suits?
Can I wear a full sleeve blue top and black jeans with a red belt and denim shoes for the BITSAT 2017 exam?
Which colour shirt would suit a beige coloured pant?
Would you ask a boy to take off his shirt?
Where can I find manufacturers for fashion apparels with a very low order?
Should girls wear kurtis or salwar on a daily basis instead of Western wear?
Is Highlander a good clothing brand?
How many people have actually used online virtual fitting rooms?
What is the best bra for running?
Which is the best type of ironing/pressing of clothes, steam ironing or dry ironing?
What can be done to increase the apparel export?
Where can I buy vegan t shirts in India?
Can grown men wear baseball caps on backwards without looking like they are trying too hard?
Is it too late to launch a clothing brand and build manufacturing facility in Asia a year later?
Is it necessary to wear a head scarf while taking ablution?
What types of clothes should I buy for Manali in June?
How will Amazon disrupt the apparel retail industry?
During BUD/S training, are you allowed to wear compression shorts, or do you have a required undergarment supplied to you?
If I am a 32/30 in men's pant sizes, what would I be in women's numeric sizes?
Do you like the smart casual or sporty style?
Is it okay to like Nazi uniforms? They just look so stylish especially those SS ones, very stylish.
How do I "persuade" stubborn people that you only button the top button of a suit?
Is it wrong for a man to want to wear women's clothing 24/7?
Where can I buy a cheap football shirt in Mumbai?
Why are leggings with pockets so popular?
Where can I get plus size Western dresses in Ahmedabad?
How should I wear maxi dress in summer?
Why does maternity wear feature so many dresses?
Where can I find a good tailor to alter my blazer/suit in Chennai?
Do people still buy fur coats?
Is there a situation where a guy would have to wear girl’s clothes?
At what age do girls start wearing purses?
Can males wear female track shorts?
Why do you mainly find super slim fit trousers in shops, nowadays?
Does Azim Premji University have any specific dress code?
Is there a way to find this 59Fifty NY hat in different sizes online?
What designed saree blouse suits a person with a plump size?
Can I wear a leggings at tirumala?
How can I style harem pants?
Where do top clothing stores like Gucci manufacture their clothing?
We are both well dressed. She has 3 layers and I have 2 layers of clothes. Is there any possibility for semen to enter into her vagina through these cloth?
Why do "sanskari/gharelu" females in Hindi TV serials wear jackets/blouses exposing their backs?
Where can I get summer women's clothing online?
Which is better for running, ankle socks, quarter socks, crew socks, or knee-high socks?
Should women be allowed to wear white, especially white dresses, if they're not virgins?
Is it safe for a man to wear a dress in Wichita Kansas?
How do I stop tearing the crotch in my jeans?
Is there a website like teespring but for non clothing items?
How can a woman be strong and free to wear and do what she wants in an Arab community ruled by religion and male relatives that undervalue women’s images?
How do I build a men's clothing empire?
Where can I get boyfriend jeans in Chandigarh?
Are there any sites giving away new clothing for free?
Is there a dress code for cosmetic technology in R.C. Patil?
How do I choose the right promotional apparel?
Do guys think a plain t-shirt and jeans look cute on a girl?
Where can I get hoodies manufactured?
Are there any Islamic countries where women are free to wear Western dress, i.e. skirt?
Can boys wear girls’ dresses?
Is it better to wear a body suit or a bikini top/crop top in summer?
What do modal fabric clothing consist of?
I'm on diet, now my clothes feel looser but why do I still looking the same?
What would happen if synthetic cloth was dipped in vinegar and then buried in soil for 20 days?
What are examples of vintage items?
What are modern men's underwear?
Why do people have the perception that girls dress up for others?
How can I render the uploaded fabric pattern into different parts of shirts?
Is it wrong to wear cut sleeve banyan?
What site would you recommend for buying men's knee high argyle/striped socks?
What do you mean by resort wear collection?
Why it is acceptable for men to be in public with their upper bodies undressed, but not women? What would happen if a woman tried?
What are the best cute summer outfits for women?
What are some common applications for Celanese fabric?
Why should we not wear polyester clothes while working in a laboratory?
Will males wearing short shorts come Back in style?
Do hoodies help with stealth?
Which colours should I use on fabric for hand prints?
What kind of pants would look good with a light pink t shirt?
What is the hat called that Ronnie Van Zant had?
What has been the growth of sustainable clothing companies?
What do I do once I have inventory for an apparel company?
What are camisole tank tops?
What can men wear under boat neck tshirts?
Where can I buy real vintage clothing online apart from eBay?
Is there any uniform or dress code at NMIT in Bangalore (especially for girls)?
What do valkyries wear?
Which is the best online store to buy casual and formal wear at reasonable prices?
Why do people quote the Bible to prove homosexuality is a sin, but then eat shellfish and have no issue with women having short hair or wearing pants?
How can you make your own underwear?
What are the rules for decent dressing?
Do women like men in man thongs?
Does one know of any good clothing stores for a 13-year-old?
How did wearing short clothes become power symbol for one gender?
What color pants do I wear with white shirt and charcoal-grey blazer?
Which brand of jeans should I buy that will survive an entire semester without a wash?
Where do you buy plus-size lingerie in Australia?
what purpose does a revealing dress serves a woman?
Why doesn't J. Cole dress the same way he did when he first came out, with the flashy jewelry and clothes?
What is a fresher supposed to wear on the first day at a job?
How do I become an apparel manufacturing partner for brands such as Nike, Under Amour, Uniqlo, etc.?
Is it weird that I wear a pendant?
What are some specific dressing tips for overweight men? I know some, like the fact that you shouldn't wear t-shirts with horizontal stripes, but I’m looking for more.
Can straight men wear women's butt lifting short shorts?
What is the dress code for women in tirumala?
Can I patent a shirt design off CustomInk?
Can body armor be used as an alternative to a riding jacket?
How can I be a buyer for a clothing retailer? I have lots of experience in this industry as a importer from Bangladesh. Also, I am a native.
Why are men's clothes of better quality than females?
What is the dress code of Medi-Caps University?
Do you ever wear 2 stoles at graduation?
What are some examples of the clothes used during the Industrial Revolution?
What was your favorite outfit for a wedding you went to?
What type of colours are used on fabrics for hand printing?
Can I wear a bra under my leotard in an aerobics competition without it being really noticeable?
How would I get a stylish dress sense?
What is a good pattern or project to practice sewing satin fabric?
Why do the sizes of clothes vary between brands?
What does it mean when a girl cleans the crumbs off your shirt while you are eating?
What materials do you need to make a traditional Mexican dress?
What is the best season to buy marriage clothes and usual clothes in Ahmedabad?
What clothes size do most teens wear?
Why are there extra laces on girls’ tops?
Where can I sell my used clothes?
Why have short shorts and swimwear for men become popular again?
How do I print a GIF on a T-shirt?
What are sophisticated clothing stores?
What kind of shoes should a guy pair with jeans and a casual shirt?
Is there an app or a website which gives measurements of clothes from old clothes?
What would happen if a US president refused to wear a suit?
What types of clothes should I take on a trip to Shimla in June?
Do girls get aroused looking at guys wearing shorts?
How would I dress in a casual chic style from the late 90's?
Can V-neck T-shirts be worn to semi-formal events?
Why did a soldier's wife send a 56-inch bra to Modi? Will Nawaz send a matching sari?
Is it ok for a girl to wear a suit/tux to the prom?
Are cloth diapers leak free? Which is the best brand?
Is there any dress code in Karunya University?
What are high quality clothing brands similar to Hollister but low price in local malls in California?
Does everyone enjoy wearing nylon hosiery?
What can you wear with pastel colored shorts?
Where may I find beautiful Indian kurtis for sale?
Which organic garments are best to use to make T-shirts?
How do you combine accessories with a yellow dress?
What kind of sari should be worn for interviews?
Has wearing a safety pin stopped much violence against women in Muslim countries? Have the Women's March pink hats done much better?
How do you tailor feedback to fit the recipient?
How come guys at the gym can see through a woman’s workout clothes if she’s wearing a thong?
How did wearing a cap backwards get started?
What coating could be used on carbide blades to indicate areas of wear?
Is it wrong for doctors to use the white coat? They do carry pathogens, but is the scene same everywhere?
What's the best jockstrap to wear under jeans?
Where can I find NSIT printed t-shirts?
What are the first things to note when starting your own clothing line as a designer?
Can anyone suggest the best domain name for an e-commerce website?
How do you customize you shirt in Roblox?
You are waiting in a business lounge and wearing a business suit and shoes. I walk in wearing a t-shirt and flip-flops. What is your first thought?
I and a few other boys in our coaching class get distracted by a teacher who is very attractive. Should I write to her anonymously to tell her to wear less revealing clothes?
How do I start a clothing line in Los Angeles?
Are you looking for unique T-shirt designs for kids?
A cami-style bra tends to bring my breasts closer together. It looks funny to me. It has molded, non-padded cups and a hook closure. Is it fine?
Is wearing your heart on your sleeve a good or bad thing?
What do we call cloth in Sanskrit?
What colours look good with black pants?
What is the correct way to wear a cap in Islam, and is wearing a cap like Aladdin allowed?
Is it wrong to wear sneakers with a formal dress?
Where can I find security button system tucked Trunks?
What are Indian Muslims views on Sania Mirza wearing a short skirt?
Is it good to wear casual clothes at work or a uniform?
Where in LA can I have t-shirts manufactured?
Why do ladies’ jeans have a smaller zipper than men’s?
What colour back cover will suit a black Redmi Note 4?
What are some stylish men's clothing brands made for athletic built men with big arms, chest and small waist?
Is there any dress code in UP medical colleges other than white coats?
How do I stop addiction to buying clothes?
How did people wear clothing in Ancient Israel?
What are bottom wears apart from jeans?
What kind of jewelry is appropriate for a single man of status to wear?
What colour chinos would go with coffee brown loafers?
How is the market like in Auckland for Traditional Indian ethnic wear?
Which colour blazer matches a deep pink top?
What were some early 90's shorts for men?
What are the Moldavians’ clothing styles?
Should I wear formal or go with casual while attending an mtech admission test in IIT Delhi?
What are some workout trendy outfits for summers?
What shirt can I wear with a blue blazer?
What are some of the best fabric for summers?
Which type of underwear should men wear?
Do boys find girls more attractive in traditional dresses than short dresses?
What are the best outfits for street dancing?
What are some creative ideas to make your own underwear?
Which are the best and stylish Kurti manufacturers in Amar Colony, Delhi?
What type of men’s underwear attracts women the most?
How should I wear slip dress?
Where can I find a fabric expert person who can tell me all about fabrics in Hyderabad or Mumbai?
Which is the best place for men’s clothing in Bangalore?
Why do flat-chested girls wear bras or bikinis?
What is the profit margin in a garment factory?
Can boys wear stole?
What is meant by a formal dress in India?
Where can I get trendy as well as casual shorts for running?
There is a trend that women dressing sexily is purely for themselves: how does that make sense?
Can you wear swim shorts in the gym?
Why do Indian lawyers wear black coats?
Is it compulsory to wear shoes with lace for an interview?
What should I wear in an Indian summer wedding (Delhi)?
How would I make Carrie Bradshaw's tutu outfit look masculine?
What are woollen clothes used for?
Which type and material of clothes should be best suitable for Indian climatic conditions?
How are woollen clothes manufactured?
How can you make a Mexican dress?
Do feminists support the idea of guys being allowed to wear short-shorts with their parts half hanging out?
Where can we use a leather jacket?
Can straight pants be worn with a kurta?
Why do my feet swell after wearing shoes the whole day?
Why do white products (shoes and clothing, etc.) almost always have a white background in advertisements? It doesn’t make sense at all and its hard to see their details.
What should be a unique Brand name for women's clothing?
How should I wear short knitted cardigan?
What were some mid 90's clothing tops and shoes for guys?
What is the perfect outfit for the beach season?
Dark brown suit with pink shirt and purple tie. Is this a good combination?
Why do Japanese salarymen like to wear whirt shirt and black pants as their "uniform" to work?
What is the name of the colorful cloth strings with puffy balls and flowers that dangle from the elbows and wrists of the Rajasthani dancers?
What do you feel more comfortable in, a tracksuit or jeans?
How can I get quality material like the Allen Solly t-shirt material?
Why do so many men and women wear military uniforms to places such as grocery outlets, schools, etc.?
What is the dress code at MICA? Are girls allowed or frowned at on wearing skirts and dresses?
What do young Iranians wear in their everyday life?
What do I do to get a job in Canada in apparel retail as a buyer?
How would I dress in early 90's fitness wear if I'm a guy?
Why does Indian fabric, or Indian clothing, have color bleeding?
What's your go-to casual outfit for going out with friends?
Do you find tie clips tasteful or cheesy?
What colour of shirt suit goes with blue jeans?
Where can I get wholesale clothes at the cheapest rate in India for women?
How can I get a maximum discount and the best cloth combinations for men on Myntra?
Why do your boobs hang low when you wear support bras?
Will wearing long-sleeves and hats make skin get lighter?
Why do people shop online for clothing? Is it not easier to walk into a store, try it on, and then buy it?
What does your school's uniform look like?
How do you make a 70s outfit?
Are their any underground clothing companies that still create Hip Hop style baggy jeans for men?
Will a collarless jersey shirt look nice on a not so muscular guy?
Which bra should I wear under a noodle strap backless dress?
Which is the perfect bra size?
What are some significant differences among the clothing styles of different generations?
Who are the best tie manufacturers?
Why does it feel weird to put on pants first then socks? What percentage of the population does this?
What should I wear for my interview at IIHR?
Why do guys stare at the gaps of women's pants?
Why do we wear sweatpants in the gym?
How would I do a mix of heavy metal fashion with casual chic fashion?
How do you wash polyester clothes?
How did guys wear neon in the early 90's, before grunge?
Why do adults always seem to question ripped jeans?
What are the best women jeans brands?
What's the male equivalent of a sports bra?
How do I dress similar to “Casual Chic” from the late 90's if I'm a guy?
Who wears underwear as swimwear?
What colour shirt should I wear with light brown trousers?
Where can one buy mom jeans in India?
How do you attach sequins to your clothes?
Is it wrong to go into a clothes shop just to try on clothes?
Which of the following country is going to sell high-tech chemical protective clothing to India?
Will every graduate wear a hood?
How do I make my blazer coat?
In June, I want to visit Gangotri and beyond (Gaumukh, etc.). What is some advice about weather, path, food, clothing, etc.?
What is a good top or T-shirt for a red-and-black pair of check rough jeans?
Which color shirt should a black man wear?
Are there going to be any changes in dress code with keeping Muslim students in mind and the recent bra incident for NEET 2018?
What are the costs of different fabrics available in the Indian market? What are the highest and the lowest prices of these fabrics?
How much UV, if there is, will be blocked by our common clothing?
What would have been the male equivalent of women's workout gear and neon during 1990 to 1991?
What are some specific dressing tips for overweight men?
How were clothes made during Shakespeare's time?
Where can I buy the best pants (cotton) in Mysore?
Which is the best way to make a tie and dye t-shirt?
What should a boy wear for the PIWAT?
Is it possible to sell Indian women’s wear in Pakistan?
Where is Pakistani clothing manufactured?
Are polo shirts still in style or are they a thing that never goes out of style?
Where's the best place to buy a flat cap in the UK?
What is Italian clothing made of?
Why do men's shirts have breast pocket on the right side?
Why do defence personnel wear neck scarf in India?
Is there an exclusively Canadian food, drink, type of clothing or hobby?
How does the VDV wear their uniforms?
What shirt, shoes, and trousers should I wear with a lavender blazer?
Is there a reason why President Trump refuses to close the top button of his suit jacket?
Why was losing shirt buttons a bigger issue than it is today?
What is the dress code in Pondicherry University?
Where is the best place to open a menswear garment store in Ahmedabad?
What is a fresh suit?
How and when did sleeved dresses, extending below the knees and with narrowed waists and singular color schemes, go out of style in the US?
Why do people have a problem with ripped jeans in India?
Where can I find Star Wars T-shirts with quotes online?
How is cork fabric made?
Is it always necessary to match belts and shoes, even when we wear casual outfits?
Where can I buy a cheap quality bandage dress in London?
Why do we need to wear uniforms to school?
Does black cloth absorb more water?
Is a dark brown suit with a white shirt and pink tie a good combination?
Do girls love to wear skirts?
Where can I find manufacturers for fashion apparels with a very low order?
Does wearing women’s bras make men feel like women?
Where can I get cheap trendy wholesale clothing?
What can a person be called if it wear specs?
Do transgender women always wear skirts and dresses?
How do I know what overall size I should wear?
Should girls wear kurtis or salwar on a daily basis instead of Western wear?
How do I run a retail clothes business in a successful way?
How do you wear clothing post-shoulder surgery?
What can be done to increase the apparel export?
How will Amazon disrupt the apparel retail industry?
Is it good to wear a black dress in summer?
What sort of things should I learn before pursuing a degree in fashion design?
What outfit is preferred for Eid by a women?
During BUD/S training, are you allowed to wear compression shorts, or do you have a required undergarment supplied to you?
If I am a 32/30 in men's pant sizes, what would I be in women's numeric sizes?
Where is the best place to buy Women Shorts?
Do you like the smart casual or sporty style?
Is it okay to like Nazi uniforms? They just look so stylish especially those SS ones, very stylish.
What color shirt goes with orange pants?
How should I dress if I have crooked legs?
Where can I get plus size Western dresses in Ahmedabad?
What are the best websites to find art for my t-shirt business?
How do I start a clothing line with no experience in tailoring?
How should I wear maxi dress in summer?
How do I get the API Hustler t-shirt?
What's the best clothes detergent for doing your laundry at home?
Is there a situation where a guy would have to wear girl’s clothes?
What color can I wear with navy?
Does Azim Premji University have any specific dress code?
What's the best place to find cheap clothing online in India?
Why do corporate people wear suits?
What size is a boy’s large in men’s sizes?
Why do people who wear a hijab always wear the same style even though I have seen many different styles?
When did people start wearing trousers, and why are they seen as a male attire ?
Do cargo pants look good on skinny girls?
Why are so many people excited about Melania Trump not wearing a headscarf in Saudi Arabia, while in fact no non-Muslim women wear headscarves there?
Can I wear a leggings at tirumala?
What are the pros and cons of wearing boyshort style underwear?
Why do women wear a nighty at night?
We are both well dressed. She has 3 layers and I have 2 layers of clothes. Is there any possibility for semen to enter into her vagina through these cloth?
Where can I get summer women's clothing online?
Can a straight man wear an open back blouse?
What reason should I give for wearing a kala dhaga?
Which outfits are best for a lady doctor?
If you swallowed a 100' long thin piece of cloth until it was at the end keeping the end hanging from your mouth would you be able to floss your body?
How do I stop tearing the crotch in my jeans?
Why are some Arab women totally covered in black?
What clothes should I wear for a junior developer interview?
What things should I take care of while purchasing cloth for suit and getting it tailored? My height is 5'10.
What is "smart casual" dress for men in Europe?
What can be done with a pile of used and torn clothes?
How will The Cartel be a name for an custom made suit?
Where can I buy Dhoti pants - online or in Hyderabad?
Can Genteel (liquid detergent) be used to wash normal clothes (the ones we wear everyday)?
Where can I find a strapless bra that is comfortable? I'm a male but I wear bras and have not found a strapless one that fits well.
How do I mix and accessorize with neon if I wear an all black outfit?
What does a boy wear in high school that a girl considers "well dressed"?
Can straight men wear women's clothing out in public?
What do celebs do at Cannes other than styling in hideous outfits?
Should a man tell a women to wear makeup?
Can boys wear girls’ dresses?
Where can you put affordable stalls in Delhi for customised T-shirts (theme: Bollywood)?
Is it better to wear a body suit or a bikini top/crop top in summer?
For a man who has no interest in fashion but still wants to look good, what are the best options without breaking the bank?
What clothing tops were for guys during the early 2000's?
Which shirt matches with cream colour pants?
Did your school staff scold you for wearing short skirts or was it fine?
What's your favorite, most desired football kit that you believe is the most detailed, colourful and beautiful looking?
What's the best fabric for tailoring a barrister's robe?
What are the best places to buy trendy clothes in Kolkata?
Is it worth it to buy clothes in Zaful?
Why do girls love to wear skinny jeans?
Where can I buy quality wholesale men suits?
Is faux leather the same as leather?
What color panties are you currently wearing?
How does the water on washed clothes evaporate?
If you already have a bad running rash on your crotch from the wrong underwear, can you just buy the cream and compression shorts and run right away?
If you wear tight pants all the time, will it keep you skinny?
What is the best buyer persona for person who buy sport clothing?
What is a good online place to sell cycling clothing and footwear in the UK?
Do any females like wearing a one-piece swimsuit in the bathtub?
How do you fix the zipper on a pair of pants?
Is there a dress code at BHU?
What should I wear to a festival?
What can I couple with my vests to get a casual look this summer?
How can I sell high-quality, handmade stoles (ladies’ scarves) in the US?
How does one properly wear a Fedora?
Where can I get a t-shirt framed in Bangalore?
What is the importance of targeting a specific market when establishing a clothing business?
What is the company of bra and panties you are currently wearing?
What measurements do I need to stitch a women's dress shirt that fits her perfectly?
What type of dress and heels should I wear to ladies’ day at a horse racing event?
Are you looking for wholesale dresses at an affordable cost?
How do I wear pants and shirt correctly?
How do I get the perfect formal look?
Why do girls look hot and beautiful in gym leggings/tights?
I have been wearing hijab for 3 years and I no longer wish to wear it. I wore it because of my mother, what should I do?
What do you think about the Cruise/Resort fashion shows this season?
Why does girls wear plastic bra?
How can I get a job as a buyer in the clothing industry? I have lots of experience as an importer in the clothing industry.
I play hardcore games on my phone, and it warms up a lot. I put it on a box with ice and keep a cloth between them. Is that alright?
How should I wear stripe trend?
Can anyone help me find fairtrade clothing companies?
What is natural fiber in clothing?
Why do millennial females wear men's clothes (including their fathers’ old jumpers)?
Why do some people feel cold and wear woolen clothes even in the summer?
How many cm is a 44" shirt from armpit to armpit?
If India were to have an official (and traditional) dress code, what would it be?
Why Stalin never wore a necktie? Was it because he did not feel European?
What is the definition of branded garments for GST purposes?
What is the purpose of buttons on coat sleeves?
What is the easiest way to sew pockets in a skirt?
What can I wear when I go to my tuition classes, casual or something more formal?
What should I wear everyday at my MBA college?
When buying a matching cycling jersey, are matching shorts, socks, and gloves necessary when mismatched alternatives are less expensive?
When will big Bazaar will get old clothes?
Why aren’t fielders allowed to wear gloves?
What should you wear to a cookout?
Is there any side effects on wearing cooling vest?
If I’m looking to have a silver (ag) mesh piece fabricated for an invention, who would I contact, a machinist, a jeweler, or someone who deals in fabrics?
What colour shirt, tie and pocket square should one wear with a navy blue suit for a wedding?
How can I match neon shoes in winter?
Which color of casual shirt suits an indigo blue t-shirt?
Which colour shirt suits black jeans?
If the world was created again, what are the chances that a suit and tie would be considered formal clothing?
Where can I find cool t-shirts in Mumbai?
What is a Jacketing column?
What are the different glow in the dark fabric types used by luxury clothing brands?
Why do Indians look down upon a Westerner who is wearing jeans/shorts in public?
Which is the best brand of men’s shirts - Gas or Diesel?
For a school mufti day, I've been told sleeveless tops are off-limits. But I only own sleeveless tops. What can I do?
What clothes do women wear in China?
Where can I find plus size shirts in Mumbai?
What would men's American Eagle jeans in size 32 waist, 30 long convert to in women's AE jeans?
Why do Indian women wear nose studs?
Is it normal to be attracted towards the visible bra straps of a female?
Are there any cute clothing stores out there that sell modest clothes?
Where can I get an actual custom armored superhero suit?
What products can I re-sell, other than clothing?
What should one wear to attend IIT mtech counselling? Is it really necessary to wear formals or go with casual?
How do I keep my phone inside my shirt or pants pocket?
Why is a cloth placed over a person's face during waterboarding?
Where can I buy leather straps to make a choker?
Is there a store that specializes in clothes for the short and stocky man?
Can one wear a tight shirt instead of a bra?
Which is the best tailoring software?
What clothes should we bring for a European tour in June?
How should I wear shorts in the summer?
What are the best garment manufactoring companies in Africa?
Does it offend someone who has a traditional style of dress (e.g. Japan's kimono, India's sari) when someone not from that culture wears it?
What are the best colour combination cloths for 20 year boy?
Why is there not underwear made for men that are like women's panties?
Can I wear Mandarin (Chinese) collar shirts to work? If yes, what shoes and pants should I wear with them?
What percentage of the world wears weaves?
How much money could a man hope for when selling his used clothing in 1905-1910 London?
Can someone lay all the fundamentals of clothing and style for men?
What is a hoodie?
Where can I buy pants in the United States fitting for a man of height 5'3''?
Could someone please rank the major UK fashion retailers from high end to low for someone who has recently arrived?
Can you wear your own clothes in prison?
How much does it take to set up a factory for making clothes in India?
Do Arab men wear thong underwear?
What lead to the horrible trend of stripped jeans?
How do you sew adaptive clothing?
Can you make clothing out of vantablack?
How do you differ tailoring and dressmaking?
What are the absolute most comfortable all-day dress shoes?
Which kind of fit for a formal shirt should a man with a potbelly wear? Regular?
Does men wearing suits show conformity and lack of imagination?
Were tricorne hats worn in the 1860s? I know they were out of fashion then, but does that mean no one wore them?
When shoulder carrying, should you buy coats a size larger than you typically wear to better hide the gun?
What color of shorts goes with a navy blue workout shirt?
What lingerie should I wear under my dress when I meet this guy at his place on Wednesday? Pics would help.
What type of clothes should guys with big chest wear?
How do you keep off of the shoulder shirts off of the shoulders? Mine always pop up.
What is the best width for double breasted jacket lapels?
Is it necessary to wear clothes while taking the JEE Advanced?
Just saw the newest episode of the Big Bang theory. What does it mean by "the kid with the two shirts"?
What should I wear while working at Kohls?
What did men and children in ancient India in wear?
Would it be weird or inappropriate to ask a lady why she does not wear sleeveless tops or blouses?
Is it compulsory to wear brown shoes when you wear a brown belt? I always get confused with which colour belt and shoes that I should wear?
Why would an Indian girl wear Lehenga Cholis to her friend’s wedding?
What do you need to dye your clothes black?
Why does this young woman wear the same clothes to university almost everyday and orders the same food?
How do I find a manufacturer for my clothing startup without a huge catital?
Where can I get an ethnic Indian wear for my daughter who is 7 months old?
Why are even jeans considered wrong in some parts of India when leggings wearing girl look and feel more glamorous to me?
Do you ever wear 2 stoles?
If you could have any words written on your shirt, what would they be?
Which color of jeans looks good with a purple shirt?
Where can I buy funny Counter Strike T-shirts?
Why is it that businessmen must wear jackets and ties on the hottest summer days while businesswomen can wear comfortable, loose fitting garments?
Where can we buy the cheapest branded clothes in India?
Who are some women that regularly go braless?
Will black cotton straight-fit pants look good with a black polo t-shirt?
Do I have to declare jewelry that I wear when travelling to other countries?
What are the problems which arise in denim fabric?
Where can I find Star Wars glow in the dark T-shirts online?
What are some of the dressing tips for big-headed men? I know we should not wear hats which will make the already big heads look bigger.
What is the dress code for MBA students at Sri Ramachandra University (especially for girls)?
What’s the percentage of South African consumers’ spending on clothing and shoes?
What colors look good with grey pants?
Why do school uniforms consists of shorts and not trousers?
Is there a market for women ethnic wear in Thailand?
What colour suits blue eyes?
What things should I take care of while purchasing cloth for suit and getting it tailored?
Where can I find a garments wholesaler?
What colour T-shirt would go well with gray trousers?
Do girls in New Delhi wear midi?
Have you ever wanted each member of your family to design your own t-shirt to wear together during your picnic?
What clothes do we need to wear during the IIT examination?
How do English boys dress?
Is there still a dress code in NIT Trichy for girls in 2017 (official or unofficial)?
Does anyone need clothes?
What lipstick should I wear with a yellowish light sand color blouse?
What type of knickers should I wear with a dress or skirt with pantyhose?
How do I recruit experienced fashion and graphic designer for a apparel company?
What is the best way to safely sell and shop around clothing designs to a large scale manufacturer, design company or store?
Should Indian IT services companies abolish outdated policies like formal dress code and compsulsory 9 working hours?
What materials do you need to make different kinds of jeans?
Is it harmful if I do not wear sports bra during exercise?
What is the dress code in GITAM University?
Can I wear sweatpants every day?
What underwear do women like on men?
Do push-up and strapless bras really work, or are they like any other fancy pieces of women’s clothing?
What is the best type of underwear for working out?
How do sauna suits work?
What type of jeans do I wear for short legs?
Do you have pink underwear?
What color shoes can I wear with a dark-gray shirt?
Can I wear men's underwear to the beach for swimming?
Could Jewish people also wear a necklace with a hand of Fatima on it?
Is setting up a manufacturing unit for branded clothes profitable or is there a more profitable model?
Do cheerleaders wear thongs?
What should I tell a five year old child when he asks,"Why is Uncle Paul wearing a dress?"
Where can I buy wholesale Asian designer clothing?
What clothing fashion is trending now?
How do I keep my uniform wrinkle-free forever?
Why do my socks always fall down?
How do you knot a shirt?
What clothes should I buy for college?
What pants should I wear with a pink shirt?
What would be considered traditional clothing in Germany?
What are good tops and pants to wear with olive green sneakers?
What color tie matches with a parrot green shirt and black pants?
Why is it important to wear a mangala sutra while performing marriage?
How do I wear this top?
What dress would be good to wear for a college group photo in India?
Where can I go topless in India?
What will look good with a navy blue plazzo?
Which are the best online companies to start an online clothing business?
What are loud ties?
Do you remember the details of the clothes you wear in a dream (because I don’t)?
How would you tell a boyfriend or girlfriend that you like wearing clothing made for the opposite gender?
Do woman like men who wear panties?
Can a used collar neck be reused by another person?
How can I remove Fevikwik from my jeans?
How come my shoes don’t fit me anymore?
What kind of garments are you interested in knitting?
Where can I find clothing manufacturers with low MOQs in Malaysia?
Why do UK weather presenters have such a terrible dress sense?
Will a black t-shirt with black cotton straight fit pants look good?
Where can old clothes be recycled?
Where can I find Muslim clothes in Gaborone?
Are there websites that offer made to measure womens dresses for reasonable prices?
What are some ways to remove blueberry stains from clothing?
In which schools do students wear sarees?
Is selling clothing online profitable?
How can you wash poison ivy out of clothes?
How do I promote a new female clothing online brand with in India with less budget to compete with other major brands?
How do you start a lingerie line in today's world?
Is it socially acceptable to wear articles of clothing with fire on them in the summer?
How much does it cost to make tshirts of the quality like Lacoste and Ralph Lauren with the same fabric they use?
Once you had lost weight, what did you do with your old clothes?
Besides dressing well, would I be ridiculed if I were to wear a top hat and "formal attire" every Tuesday to my high school?
What makes you edgy?
Why is a V-neck shirt considered gay in the Western world?
Should pantyhose make a big comeback? I love wearing them and wish others did too.
How many types of petticoat are there for Indian sarees?
How can I start dressing the way I want?
How can I suppress my urge to wear women's clothing?
Is it normal to wear woman underwear?
Which material is used to make eco-friendly carry bags that look like cloth?
Are there alternatives to wearing a bra while maintaining decency at the same time for a slim but heavy chested woman?
Is a beaver fur jacket valuable? I found one at Goodwill for $6.96.
What should I wear during the ice trekking as I have a bad vision?
Where can I get export rejected garments in Chennai, similar to those available in Fashion Street, Mumbai?
Should black leather shoes be shined each day they are worn?
Is there any slight chance of pregnancy during outercourse? Both are fully clothed so there was never a penetration or ejaculation at all.
What are some ways to grow your t-shirt business?
Why do my parents say that I can not wear dark pink or red dress? Why do they get so angry when I wear those?
How did guys wear the exercise gear like women did during 1990-1991 two years before Grunge?
What is the best bra for running?
Is it necessary to wear a head scarf while taking ablution?
What types of clothes should I buy for Manali in June?
Can grown men wear baseball caps on backwards without looking like they are trying too hard?
What are the smallest dresses worn by actresses?
What color is suitable with a pink colored blouse?
Can I wear cream trouser with black blazer?
Which online sites are good and reliable for shopping ethnic Indian wears?
Is there any mobile app to remove clothes?
Why do they only make sweater pill shavers with battery power? Why can't you buy a sweater pill shaver that has a cord that plugs into the wall?
What marketing strategies can I use to drive followers to my clothing line?
How do I dress as the red shift for Halloween?
What should I do if I don't like my prom dress anymore?
Where/how can I find an activewear apparel manufacturer to start a line that includes my own custom print? What is the best country for this?
What should I wear for the SLS Pune interview? I am a girl.
Why do men in gymnastics wear socks but not women?
What are the best matching colors for a tshirt and shirt combo with shoes?
Where can I find a good tailor to alter my blazer/suit in Chennai?
I am into wearing womens panties. I’ve been doing this for a while. Why do i like this?
Can males wear female track shorts?
How hot does it have to be before you go bare chested or wear a bikini?
What designed saree blouse suits a person with a plump size?
The onesie at one point, very popular, created some unusual looks. Do you have any favourites, and least favourite onesies?
How much profit does a T-shirt business make in a year?
Why do golfers wear brightly coloured/patterned pants?
Is there any long-sleeve fashion for men besides shirts and winter clothes?
Among these countries Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar, Vietnam, Bangladesh, India, or China which is cheaper to source infant clothes and accessories?
Why do "sanskari/gharelu" females in Hindi TV serials wear jackets/blouses exposing their backs?
How would I dress in a 1990-1991 outfit if I'm a guy?
For patients with venous insufficiency, is there a notable difference in using knee high versus thigh high compression stockings?
What is the best clothing brand franchise to start in South India for less than 40 to 50 lakhs?
Are guys’ hair and clothes important?
What is polyurethane used in clothing?
If I am a 28x30 men's size for a pair of jeans, what size would I be for women's?
Which is better for running, ankle socks, quarter socks, crew socks, or knee-high socks?
Where can I find a stylish winter coat in South Africa?
Where can I get U.S.-made wholesale clothing for women online?
Do you think the quality of food, clothing, and other manufactured products (their longevity, life and sturdiness) has become a thing of the past?
Is padded and wired bra injurious to breasts?
Which is your favorite male underwear?
Should women be allowed to wear white, especially white dresses, if they're not virgins?
Is it safe for a man to wear a dress in Wichita Kansas?
Is there a website like teespring but for non clothing items?
Why do people in North India wear scarves a lot?
Are 100% cotton jackets warm?
How can I shorten the heel of a shoe? I really like these shoes, but the heel is too high for me to wear them.
How I get orders for clothing designs on Fiverr?
Why are Levi’s Jeans more costly than other brands? What’s so special about them?
How do I wear jeans?
Which brand undies do you wear?
Other than the formal black and white combination, which colour combinations would go well for formal attire for women?
Which kind of dress colors are suitable for a dark-colored guy who has a waist of 28″ and is 5′7″ tall?
What is the business mode of the wholesale apparel business in the USA?
Where can I buy clothes in Tirupati at cheap rates?
What colors match with brown pants?
What is traditional American garb?
How do garments factories ship their goods abroad?
What are some signs of high quality hoodies and t-shirts?
Where can I get casual socks in Sydney?
What color corsage goes with an ice blue prom dress?
What are clothes dyes made from?
Where can I get this type of stitching done for a T-shirt?
Which color bra are you currently wearing?
Why do South Indian girls wear a bindi?
Is mink oil good for leather shoes?
Why do people find ripped jeans so fashionable?
What clothes do Indian tourists wear in Europe?
How can I get a cs50 t-shirt after finishing the course?
Is it a good idea to bring export-quality garments directly from Bangladeshi factories and sell them to wholesellers in India at reasonable prices?
Where can I find good running shorts for men online?
What should you do if you want to design a separate style for your club T-shirt?
Do you know of wholesalers who allow you to sell items like Asian clothing on credit terms?
If I am falling from an airplane, can using my t-shirt as a possible parachute potentially save me?
Why do womens' one-piece bathing suits contain built-in bras?
How does one get clothing made by a factory in China?
Do Jewish women who cover their hair do so around their immediate family? Who would they not do that around?
What organic apparel online store could you recommend?
Can girls wear what ever dress they want after the college hours at Amrita Bangalore?
Why do you think Frost is wearing a robe/cape?
What is branded apparel?
What materials do you need to make your own underwear?
Do any men nowadays wear trouser braces/suspenders unironically?
Which type of innerwear is used by men?
What clothing brand makes durable clothes?
Which color shirt, tie and shoes would go well with a navy blue suit?
What is the dress code for Amity admission?
Why don't girls in Western countries wear bras as often as those in the East?
Do you wear a binder? I'm honestly just curious.
Do you wear slippers at home?
Why do some people love wearing jeans?
What are the best outfits for workout for a female (it would be helpful with images)?
What underwear is suitable to wear under white jeans?
Is wearing a watch out of style?
How do I create my own clothing brand?
Do girls wear skirts in Sikkim?
Who wears tights with steel cap boots either to work or casually?
What would a goose wearing a leather jacket look like?
Do women get turned on by wearing a pantyhose?
What are equestrian apparel?
Why do some people prefer to wear woolen clothes even in the summer?
Is it normal to notice somebody's bra visible from her top, the color or the floral design? Does that happen with all bras?
Can I wear sweats to my work?
What is this trend called where you button a denim shirt all the way up to the top, and how can you pull it off?
What is the best cheap cotton underwear brand?
Is it ok for men to wear leggings in public?
What should I wear for my cousin sisters kerala wedding?
Why do the economists wear bow ties?
Where are Monica Geller’s clothes from?
Why can't men wear bikini?
Why is Dhoni wearing full sleeves jersey since last 3 matches?
Where is the wholesale market for branded clothes in Bangalore for men?
Have you ever been attacked or shot while wearing clothing by Miguel Caballero?
If you throw stones at sewage, it's your dress that will get spoiled. What is the equivalent idiom in English?
Are there any maxi skirts that don't have a giant slit?
What kind of footwear does Maria Clara (in Noli Me) wear?
What is the difference between golf shirts and polo shirts?
Which is the best wholesale market in Surat for ladies western wear?
What are some opinions on the compulsory wearing of formal attire in Indian tech companies?
What company offers wholesale T-shirts at affordable prices? I am mainly looking for Clemson and Gamecocks sports brands?
Nowadays, is it common among males to wear a bra?
Where can I find sublimation printing for t-shirts?
What's the fiber bundle size in fabric laminate?
Is there men’s underwear that can be used for both sports and leisure?
Where can I buy the best plus-size clothing in Australia?
Where can I find Indian exporters who deal in women’s ethnic wear?
What are the characteristics of the clothing during Shakespeare's time?
What are the best underwear games for bachelorettes?
What are your favorite suit colors for spring time?
Which colour waistcoat should I wear with a blue shirt and grey trousers?
What are male rompers?
Are there international apparel brands present in Japan and do they sell European sizes?
Why do business owners often make their employees wear ugly uniforms they would never wear themselves?
How did guys wear workout gear back in the year 1990?
Which country has the greenest clothing industry?
Does it really matter what you wear or just as long as you are comfortable?
Where is the place to help you create unique and stylish custom T-shirts for your team?
What's the best thing to wear for a casual party?
Which colour formal shirt looks good for black pant other than blue?
What type of clothes should I take for a holiday in Palampur and Dharamshala on the last few days of May?
Can I wear sweatpants?
How should I dress in a gala in Manhattan? What should we do there?
What is bio-wash fabric?
How would life be different if humans never started wearing clothes?
What should I wear to onboarding at Accenture if the e-mail mentioned business formals?
How can clothes be fashionable and regarded as beautiful one season, and then suddenly be considered unfashionable and ugly the next?
Do you guys like limited edition shoes and clothes?
What clothes should people with gynecomastia wear?
What type of shoes should I wear with classic shorts?
What is a good name for a clothing line?
How do you dress dead people?
What's wrong with a knee length brown leather a-line skirt to a job interview?
How can I have wrinkle free clothes without ironing?
Where do all of the garments go if they are not sold?
Why can't you wear panties during an operation if your surgery is a rhinoplasty?
Why does President Trump wear his tie far too long and never button his suit jackets?
What size knickers should I be buying for a UK 36/38 waist? What is the best women's thong that holds male parts in place nicely?
What is Supreme Clothings official site?
How can I get my sister to buy me women’s underwear?
Are you tired of tucking your shirt over and over?
Donald Duck wears nothing underneath, then why does he wear a towel after coming out of a shower?
Do you wear your beliefs on your chest or hide them in your pocket and why?
What are the traditional clothing in South Africa?
Which colour loafers will go with blue chinos?
Why is market strategy important in branded apparel?
Is it acceptable for a woman to wear wellies to work?
What is the easiest way to make a traditional Mexican dress?
What is the difference between handloom and readymade garments?
Is there an alternative to dresses on formal parties?
For a man who has muscular thighs and legs, are slim-fitting jeans harmful to the man’s package?
How do you style acid wash jeans?
What are good prom after-party outfits?
Which is the best country to export knitted garments?
How should I wear long waistcoat?
What makeup goes with a blue, traditional Indian wear outfit?
How should I wear a Breton top in the summer?
Can we wear full sleeves during the JEE Advanced?
What is the meaning of a topnotch dress code?
What is my bra size if my band is 39 and cup size 41?
Does YG,etc Entertainments allow idols to wear clothes of their own wish for MVs or are they given a range to choose from; basically, how is it done?
Where does leather come from?
Can a man wear pink and still manage to look masculine?
How much do you usually spend on school clothes?
Do girls like men in underwear?
What's your favorite online women's clothing store?
Would you tell me your bra colour if I asked you?
What is the difference between apparel and garment?
Which proper opaque clothes/fabrics are so thin and light that they make you feel like you’re not wearing anything?
What are stock clothing?
Have you ever thought of always recognizing your teammates when you look at the t-shirt they're wearing in any crowded place?
Is it okay for men to wear Dr. Martens 1914 boots with skinny jeans? I love the look of the mid-calf boots, but I am worried what others might think.
Why do males and females dress differently?
What color underwear are you currently wearing?
How do I build a men's clothing empire?
Where can I buy some boxer briefs that come with piece of fabric on the inside, like women's underwear would? I'm a trans boy without surgery.
What colour chinos would look good on brown guys?
What's the best cheapest website to ombre custom Tshirts shirts?
British mayors wear a chain of office. What does it represent and what are the origins?
Is it ok to wear sweat pants or pantaloons while playing volleyball?
Where should I look out for the best range of sarees in Bangalore?
What type of dresses should we wear to attend interviews?
What is the best idea for a startup business lady in hand-loomed garments?
What was your experience when you wore khakis for the first time?
Is Windshark fabric good?
What do you think about the NEET exam dress code atrocity in Kerala?
What color of shirt and tie should one wear with a black suit?
Why does cricketer Rohit Sharma wear kajal?
A trademark says "clothing, namely, shirts and caps for sporting wear". Is it "all" for sporting wear or only "caps" for sporting wear?
What did the T-shirts look like for the casual chic look during the late 90's?
Can I use branded jeans in a commercial?
Which type of underwear is best worn at the gym?
When a woman wears a shirt that shows off her boobs, how long are you allowed to look?
What design/features would women would like to have in Yoga wear?
What are some websites that sell cute fairy kei clothes?
Why does a woman wear a thong? Can a guy see it?
Where in Europe can I buy a tencel fabric that incorporates some lycra?
Why are one colour pieces of clothes more expensive than multi coloured ones?
Will girls like my small chest when I take off my shirt this summer?
Do a navy blue shirt and brown pants look good together?
Can girls studying at CMC Vellore wear clothes of their choice or are there rules?
Where can one buy a genuine "Ashes Series" Tie (navy blue colour with stripes and golden urns)?
What is the difference between panties and lingerie?
What are the advantages of a penny loafer?
What dress should we have to wear for workshops in SRM?
What are some outfit ideas for a glow party?
What are good names for my subscription men's clothing startup?
Can anybody identify the shirt that Norway's singer was wearing in Eurovision 2017?
Are you looking for some unique T-shirts?
Are shorts commonly worn in Mexico in the Spring and Summer?
What is the average salary for a student who has done a BSc in Fashion and Apparel Design?
Where can I buy local second-hand Japanese t-shirts?
What is a high quality brand for bras?
Where can I get ombre shirts custom made for a decent price in the USA?
How and where do I get a Supreme box logo hoodie?
Are girls’ or guys’ clothes more comfortable?
Why do people care what they look like? If we all wear the same clothes and the same makeup, eventually we'll all look too similar. So why?
Does sweat stain clothes?
Which substance gives a shine to shoes and leather?
Has the fact that you don't wear underwear ever presented a problem or resulted in an uncomfortable situation at work?
How do males tan since most men wear boardshorts?
Where can you find trendy clothes in Hyderabad?
Where can I find Western women’s top wholesalers?
What is underwear made out of?
How should I wear frills?
How should I dress to a house party?
How should I wear classy vest in spring?
What are Betzalel Shapiro's favorite outfits?
Should overweight people pay more for their clothes?
What colour shirt will suit cream-coloured pants?
When is the best time to start selling winter/fall clothing?
Do Pakistani girls wear torn jeans?
What are High Street fashion brands?
What does it mean when a guy offers you his t-shirt?
Is wearing ring-neck or collared shirts allowed in JEE Advanced?
What is the difference between anarkali suits and salwar?
Would you wear Peter Quill's (Starlord of Guardians of the Galaxy) leather jacket (the short version in GoG1) in real life?
Which color shoes should I wear with formal black pants?
Which is your favorite male underwear (pics)?
Why would a doctor(?) be wearing her white lab coat and stethoscope outside her office? Saw this yesterday near Vanderbilt University.
Which American department has the most variety police uniform combination allowed (cargo pants, polo, dress shirts, etc)?
Will people notice if I change my clothes?
Do you recommend a Bosch clothes washer?
Which styles/brands of clothes are recommended for a 30 year old male who wants to purchase multiple items of a particular outfit for work and casual wear?
Can transgender women only wear long skirts and dresses?
How do I sew an accordion stretch panel, does the elastic have to be pre-stretched?
Why do women wear revealing clothes and gets angry when people glance at her?
What should you do to sell branded intact clothes in small quantities?
What type of bra is best for wearing to work? I'd be in skirt and blouse or a dress.
What should I wear for a college function?
As a Chinese person, it is very hard to understand sentences like, 'It cannot fit too close,' and, 'They will fit a pit as well as better.' What's the trick?
How do I find private label clothing manufacturers in Bangladesh?
Where can I buy 50 inch (120cm) waist-size shorts and a 54–58 inch casual shirt in India?
How do I compile different colours of shirts and trousers for office and church outfits?
Which blazer should I wear with a violet shirt?
Where can I buy shirting fabrics in wholesale prices in Surat?
Where can I get good design faux leather bags by wholesale in India?
Is it old-fashioned to wear a gold-plated watch being a teenager?
Are people overreacting to Beyonce dressing up as a goddess?
What is a semi formal attire for juniors?
What's your favourite foot wear and why?
What is a thong?
How should I wear a vest in summer?
Which color of pants will suit light orange shirts?
Should you trademark your brand before selling apparel on ecommerce?
What are the setbacks of a penny loafer?
Is wearing white pants gay?
Where do I find the best Timb B's to wear?
Which type of innerwear are perfect for boys?
What is the best way to transport clothing from India to Europe and how to make agreements when starting up a business?
How can I learn fashion designing from home to make my own clothes?
What should I do if I sweat a lot and I always have to dress in heavy attire and makeup even at home?
Why don't my developers want to wear handsome suits and stately business dresses to work?
How can I convince my parents to approve of me wearing androgynous clothes?
Do clothes hung out on the line start getting wet again? When does this happen and what causes it?
Is there a dress code at R.C. Patil?
What are some custom t-shirts kids can make?
Why "Sari" attire in India is considered decent than ladies suits?
Which colour shirt or T-shirt should I wear with light green cotton full pants?
Which color shoes should I wear with black pants?
Do guys like it when a girl wears their hoodie?
Which colour shirt would suit a beige coloured pant?
Are high knee socks cute with short shorts?
In which countries do women wear saris?
How can I wear animal print?
How can I wear Vans high-tops?
This Friday my best friend is coming. I want to design a couple t-shirts for us. Can you tell me some suggestions?
What are some smart but casual shoes I can wear everyday?
How many people have actually used online virtual fitting rooms?
What are the products of bewakoof.com like - especially the T-shirts and mobile covers?
Why are bras measured in cups?
Should I get a kinesiology degree to start a clothing line?
How do you fit someone for medical grade knee high and thigh high compression socks?
Why do women's clothing sizes vary so much from brand to brand?
Who are some suppliers of trendy plus-size dresses in Australia?
Is it wrong for transgender women to just wear long skirts and long dresses?
Do you button the jacket if you have a vest under it?
What is your opinion on girls that wear too much make up?
What colour jeans should I pair with a light blue denim shirt and blue denim shoes?
I have a wedding coming up as a maid of honour, what should I wear?
Do people still buy fur coats?
Can I wear hoodies to Christ University?
At what age do girls start wearing purses?
Why do you mainly find super slim fit trousers in shops, nowadays?
Is there a way to find this 59Fifty NY hat in different sizes online?
What makes a children's fashion brand high quality?
Is there a dress code for cosmetic technology in R.C. Patil?
How do you remove lint balls from your clothes?
Can I get a Quora shirt and hoodie from Quora?
Do you think people will ever stop saying that certain clothing is made for males and other clothing for females?
How can I find replica leather jackets?
Why do Indian girls wear white leggings with a kurti with slit? It always reveals the inner, and they should know it. It’s an instant turn-on for boys.
Is it weird that I find human prudishness with regards to clothes baffling?
What are the top 10 clothing brands for teenagers?
Why do some of the umpires wear red shirts and some of the umpires wear black shirts in IPL 2017?
Where do top clothing stores like Gucci manufacture their clothing?
Do old wiped yogurt stains on shirts present a risk of bad poisonous bacterial growth?
What are some rules for casual clothing?
Which foreign clothing brands are cheaper in Singapore than in India?
What are the shoes called which we wear with dresses?
Can straight men wear women's clothing and stockings out?
What are the benefits of dressing up when going to the airport?
Where can I get boyfriend jeans in Chandigarh?
Are there any sites giving away new clothing for free?
How can a woman be strong and free to wear and do what she wants in an Arab community ruled by religion and male relatives that undervalue women’s images?
What is the best party wear outfits for a dark tonned tall skinny guy?
Where can I get hoodies manufactured?
Do any stores in the US carry formal shoes for men that are not made of leather?
Are there any Islamic countries where women are free to wear Western dress, i.e. skirt?
What is the dress code for the GDPI at IIHM?
Is it a good time to launch a clothing brand in the market?
Where in India do girls wear midi?
What colour jacket, preferably pastel, should I wear with a navy shirt and white chinos?
What is the best cotton for shirts?
For a military veteran wearing full formal kilt at a black-tie event, is it appropriate to wear military medals and devices?
Can girls wear boy’s t-shirts?
Do rich people save or buy from cheap stores i.e. local markets, regular clothing brands, etc.?
Is there a major difference between American shirt sizes and other countries’ shirt sizes?
If a guy sends me a big package from London to the US and puts 7,000£ in an envelope with clothes, shoes, and a phone, is it a scam?
Where can I buy women's summer shorts?
Where can I buy women rapron in India?
As seasons change from winter to summer and then MN to rains, which clothes would you choose?
Do girls change dresses like men do in their hostel, and are their breasts and bras visible to their roommates?
Why do some guys wear double wear (double briefs) during workouts?
Why are V-neck T-shirts so popular in fashion nowadays?
How do I find some real buyers who are looking for plain or dyed satin fabric?
How many of you women leave a few buttons open on their dress shirts?
In how many ways can you wear chef coats?
Do socks prevent hookworms?
What are the chances of success for a t-shirt printing press business?
How I can start a store for kids wear at Dubai?
Is it acceptable to wear shorty shorts to school?
Where can I find a B2B platform with inexpensive clothes for young women and men?
Where can I purchase jeans wholesale?
Is it okay to wear the Yuri Plisetsky blue cosplay jacket in the US?
Will other clothing companies make male rompers?
What color bikinis should I wear to look sexy?
Why do schools not like kids to wear expensive shoes, as they ask kids to not wear those shoes because it lowers other kids’ self-esteem?
Where can I get shoes that were worn by models on Beth Ditto's website?
Can I combine double cuff shirts with chinos?
Do you think it’s weird to wear cycling clothes?
Why do women always have to look well dressed in India?
For summer time, what would working women wear under their work clothes (i.e. Underneath work dresses or suits)?
Who are some reputable garment manufacturers in Asia/Europe?
Is there an age or social status at which it is no longer OK to accept used clothes?
What are some tips you can give to look perfect in Salwar Kameez?
How hard is it to sell a new clothing brand profitably without being or using larger than life celebrities?
Is it technically ok to wash soft clothes, like handkerchiefs, with a shampoo?
Which shirt collar works best with a bow tie?
How do you design your own leotards?
Why do women avoid wearing skin-color leggings?
How common is it for the dress shoes of southern men to be woven or have woven elements?
If a woman’s waistline is big, then what kind of dresses does the woman wear?
Why is polyester not suitable for summer wear?
How can I sell my clothing to retailers? How do I contact them?
Can I go to any website to design my own club t-shirt?
What kind of dresses would suit tall and broad-shouldered girls?
How do I make sure that my strapless bra doesn't constantly slip down?
Which is the best place in Mumbai to buy designer lehengas at throwaway prices?
Can a T-shirt’s length be altered?
What is the reason that ministers wear clerical collars?
What are girls’ favourite type of knickers/panties?
What body hugging piece do squash players wear beneath their shorts?
Which colour shirt should I be wearing with these green coloured pants?
If someone wore a jacket all day everyday, could their body adapt to it and slightly dependent on the jacket to keep a normal body temperature?
What are the best lines to write on a Girls's T shirt?
What is the detail chain of getting branded clothes (designing, manufacturing outsource, buying it back etc.)?
How can I turn my dupatta into a classy shrug?
What is a dress style?
Which Indian celebrities have suffered from wardrobe malfunctions?
Why do women wear boy shorts?
Are there any Indian factories that produce prepreg carbon fiber? I need to get my dry cloth impregnated in India.
Should a female manager wear a headscarve at a conference?
Why do my blue jeans seem to absorb more heat from the sun than my black jeans?
Is it environmentally friendly to buy used clothes from far away countries (considering the carbon footprint of the shipping)?
If I farted, will it stay on my clothes or completely go after some time?
How can I become a dress designer?
What is acceptable dress code for a navy ball?
How would I prevent people from stealing so much underwear and socks at a department store?
Where can I get surplus garments in Bellary?
What face veils are worn by women in ISIL?
What do Amazon do of the clothes returned by the customer?
Where can I donate clothes to needy people in Vimannagar, Pune?
Can a straight guy wear a white T-shirt in America?
Which colour of jeans goes with a denim shirt?
What is the best way to find a scarf supplier in Italy?
What's the best way to find new clothes I like?
How should I wash maxi dresses?
What colour are your knickers today?
Why do clothes smell if not dried properly?
Where can I find the best pet clothing?
What kind of fabrics were used to make clothes during the 16th century in Persia?
Why do boys wear shorts in Winter?
Do clothes in China say "made around the corner" or something?
Which are the best men’s clothing stores in India on Instagram?
What is the best push-up men's underwear?
Why do we wear clothes while other species don`t?
Is salwar kameez formal dress for men?
Does Walmart sell cloth pins?
From where Kohli gets his clothes?
Are there any stores that sell clothes that have the American Eagle style, but that are cheaper?
Where can I learn how to make baseball caps?
What are the top products in the female workwear sector?
Do you wear a binder?
What is the appeal of wearing your boyfriend’s hoodie?
What shoes, that would cover a foot tattoo, would look good with a formal green dress?
Where is the best place to recline the grain after altering a pattern for trousers?
Is it legal in the UK to enforce men to wear long smart trousers for work when women can wear skirts and dresses?
What are the points on the top corners of a suit jacket called?
Why is a school considered a formal organisation?
Do you think humans will ever stop wearing clothes?
What are the chances of success in a t-shirt printing press business?
What are underwear elastic bands made of?
What should you wear to a 25th class reunion?
After using a double edge razor, do you strip them down to clean and dry them every time or just rinse them and leave them to dry naturally?
What type of lingerie should I wear? I love my legs and chest.
What should an Indian women’s wear brand consist of?
Which men's clothing brands use the highest quality materials and the best stitching?
Where can you buy denim fabric at wholesale rates?
What should be the latest dress for girls?
Who would want a free trial of plus-sized work clothing and sleepwear?
When are polyester clothes worn?
What is my bra size if my band size is 32 and my cup size is 36?
Would you still wear clothes if you were alone on the planet?
Where can I find a cloth factory/wholesale shop in Vietnam?
What's more appealing in a clothing store, items hung up, or items folded?
Which is the best market for college students​ in Delhi to buy clothes​?
How can I dress office smart and keep some personality in my wardrobe?
Where I can get some nice suits in Hyderabad? Which market is good for shopping?
How can I peep through girls’ panties?
How do you get permanent marker out of clothes that have already gone through the dryer?
Where can I get Ralph Lauren shirts in Bangalore?
What are some beaches in the US where clothing is optional?
Is it true that wearing Rupa underwear is against Islam? Why?
Where can I buy girls’ jeans at the best prices?
What colour suits blue jeans?
Why the hell are people so supportive of women dressing provocatively?
Should I wear leggings instead of shorts when I workout?
How do you make dhoti salwar designs?
How do I add variations to a product in WooCommerce, for example, if a customer wants to order an XL sized t-shirt?
Is anybody available to have an intellectual discussion about apparels or the fashion industry?
How do I promote my wholesale jeans business?
Why are the hooks of bikinis and bras different?
What is the must-have wardrobe for men?
What type and color of footwear goes well with a black kurta, pyjama, and a beige/cream Nehru jacket?
Is wearing a Chinese jacket cultural appropriation?
What is the reason for a black dress code on the day of a graduation ceremony?
Which colour top would look best with an off-white coloured Palazzo?
What is fastener in the attached image is called?
What's the easiest way to find a factory to print T-shirts?
Is it really important to wear a hat in the sun while running?
What are some stores that specialize in petite clothing?
What shirt, tie and trousers should I wear with a lavender blazer?
How would you target people interested in buying lady's apparel with Facebook ads for LuLaRoe or a similar brand?
What do you do when you don’t like your boyfriend's dress sense?
Why does the skin of your finger shrink when you wash clothes for a long time?
Where do I find direct buyers from Europe to export knitted, ready-to-wear garments in bulk quantities?
What do you think about a solo traveler who wears a hijab?
How do I stop staring at girls' legs in the library if they wear very short pants and sit next to me (hot summer)?
What are the best jackets for both cold and rain?
Where can I find nice, affordable jewelry, cool clothing and make-up?
What colour lipstick would go best with a turquoise-green dress?
Why should Muslim women wear black burqas even in the hot summer while men can dress in white kurta pyjamas which are way more comfortable?
What are your daily routine problems (ex. like tying your shoe or a pile of clothes stacked on your chair)?
How would guys have worn the early 90's colorful outfits before Grunge?
Do Han Chinese people think they need to popularise a traditional clothing style?
What is sheer driving?
How do I start a garments business in Bangladesh?
What are the best women's running shorts?
Why do some fashion shows have really weird clothes?
Can I wear a grey suit to prom if my date is wearing a tan dress?
Is it okay for a guy to wear short shorts?
How do I know how much fabric to cut to take in trousers? The pattern I am using has too much fabric in the legs. Is there a formula?
Why do girls wear capri yoga pants?
Are tops with dark sheer sleeves more comfortable during the summer than sleeveless tops?
What's the school/boarding school in Delhi with a red and grey striped/checked skirt and white shirt?
Does my dressing convey my psychological state?
Are kurtis eating into the sales of unstitched suits?
What tie would go best with a dark blue shirt and cream pants? Also what shoes would be best? It's for a luncheon.
Which sleeve do you put on first when putting on a shirt?
Where should I go, in the wholesale market, to buy good quality western dresses at a low price for my newly set up boutique?
What type of casual shoes would go best with a white printed shirt and dark green trousers?
Is there any unsinkable swim wear?
Which colour shirt would suit a pair of camel-colour pants?
What can I wear apart from a sweater/cardigan to cover up this summer?
Can you get pregnant from outercourse if both people are fully clothed and there’s no ejaculation or penetration?
Where can I shop for Jaipuri Raprons and long skirts online?
Do polo shirts look good with sweat pants?
Where can I donate used clothes (in good condition) in Dombivli?
How much water is used in manufacturing of a worsted wool suit?
How hygienic is it to wear a bodysuit since there is no room for underwear?
Is Vistaprint the best away to go for ordering customized business T-shirts, or is there any other local or online option?
Are you supposed to change clothes between your different acting headshots taken?
What is the demand of customized clothing in India?
Why do so many male historians on British TV wear a blue cotton shirt and cream chinos?
How did Dita Von Teese get such a tiny waist? Did corset wearing really do that?
Is a tie suppose to swing?
What is a 9.5" rise in jeans called?
How do we keep our leather shoes or leather things in good shape?
What are your favourite inexpensive dress shirts?
How would I accessorize with neon if I'm a guy that wears an all black outfit?
Can I wear a full-sleeve t-shirt to the IIT Advanced 2017?
Are there any benefits to a tracksuit compared with jeans?
What are the characteristics of Celanese fabric?
Is it okay to wear underwear while in a spa?
Why do all the major active wear brands offer clothes for people who are fit enough and not for people who actually need it to attend gyms?
Can you use dryer sheets when drying baby clothes?
Do you think headgear is cool?
What if our military reconnaissance people wore ninja suits?
What is the best surfing underwear for men?
Why do so many people in the US wear the American flag as apparel even though the US Flag Code says it shouldn't be worn as an article of clothing?
Why do my shirts always come out of the dryer with the sleeves the wrong side out?
Where can I get a tee-shirt customised in India (online)?
Is it a turn-on when a women don't wear underwear, and if so, why?
Can Devar touch Bhabhi’s navel in a saree?
What colour should brown girls wear?
How should I wear long semi transparent cardigan?
Has India sold itself for a pair of jeans?
When were waistcoats first worn by women in the American West?
What is the dress code of a Indian Navy's Tradesman mate (Civilian)?
How do I wear bike shorts if I want to wear loose shorts over them?
Which is the more efficient way to dry a towel on a clothes line, horizontally or vertically?
What is your favorite piece of clothing or accessory?
Should I manufacture cotton pants or sweatshirts?
Why do clothes become electrified?
Why do people choose to wear skinny jeans while a regular fit looks good and feels comfortable?
Which is the best wholesale clothing supplier in Australia?
How do Iranians dress in their homes vs the streets?
Why is it called narrow-minded when men tell girls not to wear short skirts in public?
How can I style gingham pattern clothing?
If India is to have an official dress code of its own (traditional), what will it be?
Is it to you to wear clothes that are comfortable?
What are some innovative ideas in textile/apparel sector that could create more employment opportunities?
Why do PacSun jeans smell weird?
What is a good color/pattern tie to pair with a solid white dress shirt?
Why can't you wear red to a funeral? And is it a bad idea to wear red to a job interview at a funeral home?
Why can my fat male neighbor with boobs walk down the street with no shirt on but I, a woman, can't?
What is the dress code in PSG iTech?
What's all the issue about dress code of Christ university?
What research has been done on the effect of dress codes on productivity at work?
Were the colors plum, chocolate, and navy on the t shirts and spaghetti strap tops back in the late 90's?
I have extremely wide shoulders and slim hips/legs. How do I dress proportionately?
Would you ask a boy to take off his shirt?
Why did Playtex and Gerber quit making adult plastic pants?
What shirt, shoes and pants should I wear with a lavender (light purple) blazer?
Why do women like wearing shiny black patent leather boots?
Would girls stare at a man's penis if he wore revealing pants?
Can I wear a full sleeve blue top and black jeans with a red belt and denim shoes for the BITSAT 2017 exam?
How do I "persuade" stubborn people that you only button the top button of a suit?
Is there any platform online to connect with buyers and sellers of exported surplus ladies’ garments in Delhi, India?
Which degree should I pursue if I want to run my dad's clothing business in the future?
Is Highlander a good clothing brand?
Which shirt should I wear with a grey and red striped blazer?
Which is the best type of ironing/pressing of clothes, steam ironing or dry ironing?
Is it too late to launch a clothing brand and build manufacturing facility in Asia a year later?
Where can I buy vegan t shirts in India?
Is there a dress code for entering a police station?
Where in Kolkata should I go if I want to buy a designer net/chiffon/georgette saree for an affordable price?
Is there any scientific reason for Muslims to wear a sherwani and a topi?
Why do my parents get mad at me for wearing jeans and a long sleeved shirt instead of pajamas?
How can I tell if my pants are too long?
What color pants goes well with a white shirt for men?
Why do Muslim women and girls always wear long-sleeved t-shirts and pants?
What purpose does a cleavage-revealing dress serve a girl if it’s not about comfort, like shorts compared to jeans?
Do females wear T-shirts underneath a buttoned shirt?
What is the name of the cloth which is used in a boiler FD fan?
When do people buy polo shirts (month)?
Where can I buy a cheap football shirt in Mumbai?
How do you write a good clothing brand description?
Where do Depop sellers get their clothes from?
How do I buy silk fabrics?
Why are leggings with pockets so popular?
Is it wrong for a man to want to wear women's clothing 24/7?
Why does maternity wear feature so many dresses?
How safe are buttons on baby and toddler clothes?
How do I get better at dressing?
Why can't we wear trousers to school?
How can I find a manufacturer that can help me make samples and doesn’t need a huge minimum order for my clothing line?
Do tall guys in the Netherlands in the 195-200 cm bracket find it hard to find clothes?
Where can I buy a long women’s summer rapron in India?
How can I style harem pants?
Where can we get good (preferably, custom-made and not Manyavar) Indian menswear in Bangalore?
Why do some Muslim men maintain a dangerous look? Why can't they simply dress and groom well?
Where can I find high quality ladies sports dresses?
Is there any place where I can get a nice leather jacket for a decent price?
What are slim-fit jeans for men called?
Which is a suitable dress for Parties and Ceremonies?
What is the average price of a 100% pima shirt in Russia?
Are Muslim women bound to only one type of clothing?
How do I choose the right promotional apparel?
Where is the cheapest wholesale readymade market of girls clothes in India?
What color socks go with pink shoes?
What kind of knitted garments are you interested in wearing?
Why do so many female newscasters dress like bimbos?
What made you start dressing modestly?
Why is it that men have to dress modestly, but women don't?
What is Celanese fabric?
What is the best place to buy the latest designs of necklaces for a traditional outfit in the US?
Who are some clothing wholesalers in Mumbai?
Do guys think a plain t-shirt and jeans look cute on a girl?
What do you think about designing your own custom T-shirt for your daughter or son's graduation day?
What is your opinion on sagging pants?
Which colour of blazer should a groom wear if the bride is wearing bottle green coloured saree?
Is it punishable to have dirty underwear?
Are long sleeve t-shirts for summer or winter wear?
Where can I buy clothes in Tirupati at cheap rates?
How many chinchilla pelts does it take to make a jacket?
What colour jacket, preferably pastel, should I wear with a navy shirt and white chinos?
How do you combine cardigans and shorts?
After a trip to Dubai I noticed the majority of women dressed in black and the majority of men dressed in white. Why is this?
How do I gain sales and market my clothing line with a low budget ($100)? I own and run a clothing line and I have my own website for it, through which I have made a few sales.
Where can I get casual socks in Sydney?
What is the best place to shop fashion apparels for men in Chennai?
witch is the best city in India for clothing business?
Where can you get cheap and cute clothes in Johannesburg, South Africa?
Do silk cotton sarees contain silk?
Where do I find batik or tie-dye colors in Mumbai?
If you wear tight pants all the time, will it keep you skinny?
Where can one find Wonder Woman merchandise (t-shirts, mugs, etc.) in Mumbai, India?
Will lehenga salwars suit all types?
What is the best buyer persona for person who buy sport clothing?
Do the billionaires of the world use their clothes & other wearable things more than one time or destroy them?
Where can I buy a good linen shirt in the US?
In how many ways can you wear chef coats?
Why are V-neck T-shirts so popular in fashion nowadays?
Do socks prevent hookworms?
How do I build a smart mirror where you can try on clothes virtually?
Is there a dress code at BHU?
Where can I find a B2B platform with inexpensive clothes for young women and men?
What are the best online apps to buy clothes?
How many t-shirts are sold yearly?
Is it okay to wear the Yuri Plisetsky blue cosplay jacket in the US?
How can you make your own underwear?
What color bikinis should I wear to look sexy?
Which brand of jeans should I buy that will survive an entire semester without a wash?
What Asian t-shirt size will I need for a 38-39 inch chest?
How does one get clothing made by a factory in China?
Is my boyfriend obliged to share his jacket when it's cold and I forgot to bring my own jacket?
What type of dress and heels should I wear to ladies’ day at a horse racing event?
Where do you buy plus-size lingerie in Australia?
Why do many religious Jews wear a white shirt and black pants?
Is it weird that I wear a pendant?
Where can I get inexpensive party wear shoulder dusters online in India?
Which color shirt, tie and shoes would go well with a navy blue suit?
What unique characteristic has clothes on the market?
How much are Kookai skirts?
What is the best and the cheapest online store to buy gym clothes in the USA?
What is the best place to buy maths/physics T-shirts?
How can you make togas out of fabric?
What are the best marketplaces to sell clothes?
Why does my butt not look good in leggings?
How should the business for a readymade garment shop be run (sourcing, pricing, reselling)?
What should be considered while buying a blazer?
What are some party dresses?
How to dress in dieselpunk style?
Why do millennial females wear men's clothes (including their fathers’ old jumpers)?
Why are men's clothes of better quality than females?
Why is the cloth of the people from the Tibetan highlands similar to that of the people from the Andes highlands in Bolivia?
How much would a Vantablack shirt cost?
Is there some dress code for CGC Landran?
Which fitness clothing brand do you prefer (India) and why?
What should you wear to a cookout?
Are white Converse still in style?
What is a good pattern or project to practice sewing satin fabric?
Why do the sizes of clothes vary between brands?
What does it mean when a girl cleans the crumbs off your shirt while you are eating?
Would it be bad if I advice my friend (dark skinned girl) not to wear yellow dress, as people laughs on her back and I don't want it to happen?
Why do woman wear thongs underneath theater workout clothes?
Why have short shorts and swimwear for men become popular again?
What are the best ways to iron linen pants?
Which Indian celebrities have suffered from wardrobe malfunctions?
What types of clothes should I take on a trip to Shimla in June?
What company offers wholesale T-shirts at affordable prices? I am mainly looking for Clemson and Gamecocks sports brands?
Is there men’s underwear that can be used for both sports and leisure?
Where can I buy the best plus-size clothing in Australia?
Can V-neck T-shirts be worn to semi-formal events?
Is it environmentally friendly to buy used clothes from far away countries (considering the carbon footprint of the shipping)?
Why do crows follow me when I wear all black?
Why are male devotees required to remove their shirts in temples?
How do you bleach black clothes?
What is the best clohing and shoes size chart?
What are the latest brand of men's and women's outfit?
How would I prevent people from stealing so much underwear and socks at a department store?
What clothes are good for my daughter's wedding?
Does everyone enjoy wearing nylon hosiery?
What are your favorite suit colors for spring time?
What should I wear blue canvas shoes with?
What is Shraddha Kapoor wearing on the February 2017 Cosmopolitan cover? Is it underwear, briefs or shorts?
What do people think good programmers dress like?
Why do employees love to wear promotional apparel?
What coating could be used on carbide blades to indicate areas of wear?
Is there an online site to buy fake brand clothing?
How come guys at the gym can see through a woman’s workout clothes if she’s wearing a thong?
How would I dress in fashion from 1991 and 1996 if I'm a guy?
What are some of the best cat outfits you have seen?
Is there any dress code for GUJCET 2017?
Which colour shirt is suitable for black pants?
Which is the best tailoring software?
What color pants and shirt match with olive green shoes?
What are the graduate commercial trainee supposed to wear in their training period (dress code)?
A cami-style bra tends to bring my breasts closer together. It looks funny to me. It has molded, non-padded cups and a hook closure. Is it fine?
Why do cashiers at clothing stores add another bar code sticker to clothes labels even after they have scanned the item?
Which color of pants and shirt will suit a dark blue casual blazer?
Feminists defend women for dressing scantily in public, so why were they furious with me for wearing a T-shirt featuring scantily-clothed women on it?
What type of necklace would go with a long spaghetti strap dress with a straight across neckline?
Can I wear Mandarin (Chinese) collar shirts to work? If yes, what shoes and pants should I wear with them?
What colour shirt, tie and pocket square should one wear with a navy blue suit for a wedding?
When clothing stores have store-wide sales, is it because they plan on having brand new inventory coming in?
Is there any dress code in UP medical colleges other than white coats?
What are some cool outfit ideas to wear to a club?
What type of lingerie should I wear? I love my legs and chest.
What should an Indian women’s wear brand consist of?
Should I wear gray slacks with a red blouse for a job interview or red pants and a black blouse and gray sweater?
What colour chinos would go with coffee brown loafers?
How can I get a medium size top to fit a large person?
With no money limit, what are the best clothes to buy for functionality and style?
What would I have dressed like in the early to mid-1990s? I'm a guy.
Who would want a free trial of plus-sized work clothing and sleepwear?
Where is a shirt fabric store in Delhi?
Where can I buy a knee sleeve?
What's more appealing in a clothing store, items hung up, or items folded?
What are some creative ideas to make your own underwear?
Where in the world can I buy wholesale blank T-shirts in different colours that have a good balance between quality and price?
Will opening a fashion house in Canada for new Indian immigrant be benefiting?
Why does my sweat leave yellow stains on my shirt?
Is there an alternative to dresses on formal parties?
As a tall women, how do I dress better?
Can you get away with wearing a leather biker’s jacket when you’re over 40?
What is the best combination colour shirt for a green colour pant?
What drives people and engage to spend money on clothing for sport?
How do I promote my wholesale jeans business?
What are the best places to buy cheap socks subscription?
Is it compulsory to wear shoes with lace for an interview?
What is the must-have wardrobe for men?
What are the things that needs to be taken care of before approaching a garment manufacturer for a home based garment start up?
What is the Pakistani style of women's dressing?
What should you wear to a 40th class reunion?
Is there a demand for traditional Bangladeshi or Indian clothing in the US?
What should I wear to the 8th grade dance?
Will R15 suit for thin and tall guys?
Where can I find Star Wars glow in the dark T-shirts online?
Which type of bra do girls prefer the most and why?
What type of dress would suit a tall fat girl with a large lower back?
What colors look good with grey pants?
Is it okay to exchange bras sometimes, if my hostel roommate has the same size?
Can a feminine sissy male wear a skirt and blouse for a mainstream job interview?
What are the low-budget startups in the ready-made garment sector?
Can I wear black shoes with brown soles for consulting interviews?
What colour suits blue eyes?
What shoes do people wear casually before sneakers?
What are the courses available in the field of smart clothing?
Why is it that most tech billionaires wear t-shirts and dress very simple all the time?
Where should I visit in Bangalore for wholesalers of men’s clothing?
Why do women wear thongs underneath their workout clothes?
What colour chinos would look good on brown guys?
What are some reasons for not having to wear a school uniform?
How can I make my fabric softer?
What are the best ways to stretch leather pants?
Is it okay for a guy to wear short shorts?
You are to spend a month on a deserted island. In addition to clothes and provisions, you are allowed to bring four other items. What do you bring?
Why are women's robes shorter than men's (above the knee)?
Where can I find a garments wholesaler?
How can I get paint stains out of cotton shorts?
What is the dress code at MICA? Are girls allowed or frowned at on wearing skirts and dresses?
What do you think about the NEET exam dress code atrocity in Kerala?
How many t-shirts do I need to wear to match the average temperature of the Sahara desert?
What fabrics are durable and easy to clean with LoveSac sactionals?
What's more important, wearing fashionable clothes or wearing comfortable ones?
How can you prevent your maternity pants from falling down?
What style of crop top would suit a white chiffon skirt? (See the image in description for an idea.)
What are some hacks to expand a dress that is a little too tight for me?
What is the dress code to follow in Mexico city?
What type of knickers should I wear with a dress or skirt with pantyhose?
What are the materials used for dress pants?
What should I wear in Stockholm in mid-May?
Why is the NEET dress code far more strict than the JEE Mains dress code?
Can a man wear women’s shoes in public?
Which fabrics are used for different types of garments?
Where can I shop for Jaipuri Raprons and long skirts online?
Why does a woman wear a thong? Can a guy see it?
Which is the best place in India to buy ladies clothes in wholesale?
What should I wear blue shorts with?
Other than cost-cutting, is there a reason to cut knit fabrics (t-shirt weight etc.) off-grain? Is this for style?
Where can one buy a genuine "Ashes Series" Tie (navy blue colour with stripes and golden urns)?
Why are black robes worn by priests?
What is the penalty for wearing blue jeans in North Korea?
Is it worth paying dearly for designer clothes?
How do I get a wholesale license for clothing in India?
Is it really rude to wear a hat indoors?
Where can I buy good quality clothes for $3-5 in Poland?
Why do people care what they look like? If we all wear the same clothes and the same makeup, eventually we'll all look too similar. So why?
How do I promote my wholesale shirt business and increase my earnings?
Is a cowl neck the same as a hoodie (men’s)? Does it have a hood?
How do you wash polyester clothes?
I want to start my own clothing brand, but I can't design. Do you have any advices?
Which is good clothing brand?
What happens to an actor's costumed underwear (underwear made by the costume designers from the wardrobe for the actor's scene) after it's been worn?
Why do Indians swim in all of their clothes?
Why do my running pants keep falling down, how can you prevent this?
Why does shein.com sell clothes at cheaper rates?
Where can I buy a pink cardigan and pink leggings?
What are the best sites to buy cloth and shoes for a 22 year old?
Do the dyes in the clothes that Harajuku girls wear have a fluorescent quality?
Is it annoying/wrong that I sometimes dress very punk rock and sometimes dress feminine chic (think clothing stores like Zara)?
Where do I find clothing that is modern and innovative?
Is it a turn-on when a women don't wear underwear, and if so, why?
Which kind of clothes do you like on the opposite gender and why?
Where can old clothes be recycled?
What kind of clothes do you like on guys?
What wears clothes out, i.e. gets them threadbare, the wearing or the washing?
Can you make a profit from selling T-shirts?
What type of bra is best for wearing to work? I'd be in skirt and blouse or a dress.
Where is Pakistani clothing manufactured?
How do I find private label clothing manufacturers in Bangladesh?
What are some tips for beginner joggers?
What is your favorite Supreme or BAPE collaboration?
What are the best t-shirt packages that you have ever seen?
Is wearing the Whistling Woods t-shirt compulsory all the time?
Where can I buy shirting fabrics in wholesale prices in Surat?
What is a semi formal attire for juniors?
Are skinny, high-waisted jeans still in? Almost all of my jeans are skinny and high-waisted but I feel as if I shouldn't be wearing them.
What is the difference between pantyhose and tights?
What are some clothing brands for short men?
Does an employer have the right to make a male employee wear women's clothing?
Where can I find clothing that combines a modern look with foreign culture?
How would I spoof shorts, t-shirt and trainer sneakers to the early to mid 90s vibe?
Which brand of knee sleeve should I buy?
Do you design clothes? If so, which ones do you find the hardest to design and do you prefer piecing or top down technique?
What are some innovative ideas in textile/apparel sector that could create more employment opportunities?
Why do PacSun jeans smell weird?
Where can I find cheap clothing?
Where can I find Star Wars T-shirts with quotes online?
Who makes the best men’s sleepwear?
Where can I buy a cheap quality bandage dress in London?
How do I classify clothing store items in inventory to different collections and unique items within a collection?
Why don't my developers want to wear handsome suits and stately business dresses to work?
Do girls love to wear skirts?
What is your view on the strict dress code for the NEET exam?
Is a beaver fur jacket valuable? I found one at Goodwill for $6.96.
Why do people think women dress for men just because they wear tight clothing or skin-revealing clothing instead of an extra large t-shirt?
Why do what type of shoes you wear in society today matter? Not only shoes, but why do hairstyles, clothes, etc., also matter?
Where can I get cheap trendy wholesale clothing?
Where can I find freelance Tech Pack designers for kids clothing in India?
Which city is better for apparel opportunities, Bangalore or Indore?
What is the best place to buy quality winter clothes in India on a reasonable price?
What color boots and jeans should I wear with a silver top?
Why does so much lint collect in my dryer but my clothes don't get smaller?
In which countries do women wear saris?
Which shirt should I wear with a grey and red striped blazer?
How does detergent powder clean clothes?
Do ladies wear shoes on the gyno table?
Is it wrong for men to wear women’s clothes at home?
Is there any scientific reason for Muslims to wear a sherwani and a topi?
What are some stylish dressing ideas for abaya wearing women?
Is it possible to create a clothing line with only $1,000?
How can I tell if my pants are too long?
Can I wear cream trouser with black blazer?
Where can I source traditional​ saree/kurtas basically​ ethnic Indian wear at low cost in Chennai? Or neighbouring cities?
Is there any mobile app to remove clothes?
Who are some suppliers of trendy plus-size dresses in Australia?
What form of outerwear looks good with a dress shirt?
How safe are buttons on baby and toddler clothes?
Why is the 2- or 3-piece suit still the standard choice for a male formal attire?
What are the best websites to find art for my t-shirt business?
Why do more women wear glasses, compared to men?
Do women find men who wear female clothes attractive and approachable as a friend or someone who they would like to be have a friendship with?
What type of track pants should I wear to a gym?
Where can I get free summer clothing that looks good?
How should I dress up for twin day at school?
How can I approach investors for funding for a clothing business?
Is it okay for me to take off the red thread around my waist?
Why do corporate people wear suits?
Do tall guys in the Netherlands in the 195-200 cm bracket find it hard to find clothes?
Why do people who wear a hijab always wear the same style even though I have seen many different styles?
When did people start wearing trousers, and why are they seen as a male attire ?
Where can you get cute clothes cheaply?
What do actresses do with their clothes after using them in a movie?
In most cases, why do ghosts wear white clothes?
Why wear push-up bras?
What are some of your favorite places for finding modest dresses and skirts?
What hairstyle goes with a spaghetti strap dress with a strappy back?
Can jeans top be considered as formal dress?
What are some of the various styles to wear a scarf?
What does Gordon Miller think about buying expensive brand clothes?
Can I dye jeans in a big bucket?
What can be a good alternative to t-shirts for a casual summer outfit?
Is toothbrush handles made from polyester?
Which clothes are trending this summer?
What are the best places where I can buy clothes for fat people?
What reason should I give for wearing a kala dhaga?
Why are prisoners in the US given orange as their dress code? Why can't they be in other, different colours?
How do I get buyers for exporting leather gloves?
Which foreign clothing brands are cheaper in Singapore than in India?
What are the best three brands for men's footwear?
Can syrup be considered a dressing?
Why are some Arab women totally covered in black?
How will The Cartel be a name for an custom made suit?
In US high school basketball or volleyball games, boys wear loose, knee-length shorts, but girls wear tight and short shorts. Isn't this sexism?
Is it mean/rude to remove someone’s clothes from a dryer(s) when they were left way passed the time it takes to dry them?
What did colonial kids wear?
Why are Levi’s Jeans more costly than other brands? What’s so special about them?
Do we have any apps in India to sell used clothes?
Which colour of blazer should a groom wear if the bride is wearing bottle green coloured saree?
What clothes are appropriate for a Google internship?
Why are branded clothes in India so overpriced when they are produced in India?
Will Eric Wang ever grow out of his clothes?
What is the dress code for the GDPI at IIHM?
How can I render the uploaded fabric pattern into different parts of shirts?
Where can I find out more about Poppys Apparels?
Do hoodies help with stealth?
Which colours should I use on fabric for hand prints?
Are girls allowed to wear sleeveless tops for NEET 2017?
What has been the growth of sustainable clothing companies?
What can men wear under boat neck tshirts?
In which websites can I find custom T-shirts with quotes?
What are the rules for decent dressing?
Do women like men in man thongs?
Which brand of jeans should I buy that will survive an entire semester without a wash?
Where do you buy plus-size lingerie in Australia?
How do I become an apparel manufacturing partner for brands such as Nike, Under Amour, Uniqlo, etc.?
What is the dress code for women in tirumala?
Do you ever wear 2 stoles at graduation?
What are some examples of the clothes used during the Industrial Revolution?
What type of colours are used on fabrics for hand printing?
Can I wear a bra under my leotard in an aerobics competition without it being really noticeable?
What materials do you need to make a traditional Mexican dress?
What is the best season to buy marriage clothes and usual clothes in Ahmedabad?
What kind of shoes should a guy pair with jeans and a casual shirt?
Can V-neck T-shirts be worn to semi-formal events?
Which organic garments are best to use to make T-shirts?
Which are the various neck designs in women’s dresses?
Has wearing a safety pin stopped much violence against women in Muslim countries? Have the Women's March pink hats done much better?
Can anyone suggest the best domain name for an e-commerce website?
Where can I find NSIT printed t-shirts?
How did people wear clothing in Ancient Israel?
What are the best online Indian clothing stores?
How is the market like in Auckland for Traditional Indian ethnic wear?
In what countries is it more popular to wear brown shoes instead of black ones?
What type of men’s underwear attracts women the most?
Can boys wear stole?
What is meant by a formal dress in India?
There is a trend that women dressing sexily is purely for themselves: how does that make sense?
Is there a demand for traditional Bangladeshi or Indian clothing in the US?
If you see a man in a coffee shop who is wearing a suit and working on his MacBook, would it be safe to assume that he is an MBA student?
Is it okay to exchange bras sometimes, if my hostel roommate has the same size?
How can you make a Mexican dress?
Can straight pants be worn with a kurta?
How should I wear short knitted cardigan?
What are some reasons for not having to wear a school uniform?
How can I get quality material like the Allen Solly t-shirt material?
How can I get a maximum discount and the best cloth combinations for men on Myntra?
Are their any underground clothing companies that still create Hip Hop style baggy jeans for men?
How do you wash polyester clothes?
How did guys wear neon in the early 90's, before grunge?
Why do people with shirts tie sweaters on their shoulders?
What should a girl wear for an IITs interview?
What's the male equivalent of a sports bra?
Where can one buy mom jeans in India?
How do I make my blazer coat?
In June, I want to visit Gangotri and beyond (Gaumukh, etc.). What is some advice about weather, path, food, clothing, etc.?
Are there going to be any changes in dress code with keeping Muslim students in mind and the recent bra incident for NEET 2018?
What are the costs of different fabrics available in the Indian market? What are the highest and the lowest prices of these fabrics?
How much UV, if there is, will be blocked by our common clothing?
What would have been the male equivalent of women's workout gear and neon during 1990 to 1991?
Where can I buy the best pants (cotton) in Mysore?
Is it okay for a man to wear his wife’s clothes?
Where is Pakistani clothing manufactured?
Are polo shirts still in style or are they a thing that never goes out of style?
Why do men's shirts have breast pocket on the right side?
Is there a reason why President Trump refuses to close the top button of his suit jacket?
Where is the best place to open a menswear garment store in Ahmedabad?
What type of dress should I wear because my height is just 5′?
Where can I find manufacturers for fashion apparels with a very low order?
Where can I get cheap trendy wholesale clothing?
How do I run a retail clothes business in a successful way?
What can be done to increase the apparel export?
What sort of things should I learn before pursuing a degree in fashion design?
What outfit is preferred for Eid by a women?
If I am a 32/30 in men's pant sizes, what would I be in women's numeric sizes?
Do you like the smart casual or sporty style?
Where can I get plus size Western dresses in Ahmedabad?
How do I get the API Hustler t-shirt?
What's the best clothes detergent for doing your laundry at home?
What color can I wear with navy?
Does Azim Premji University have any specific dress code?
Why do corporate people wear suits?
What size is a boy’s large in men’s sizes?
When did people start wearing trousers, and why are they seen as a male attire ?
What are the pros and cons of wearing boyshort style underwear?
Why do women wear a nighty at night?
What reason should I give for wearing a kala dhaga?
Which outfits are best for a lady doctor?
What things should I take care of while purchasing cloth for suit and getting it tailored? My height is 5'10.
What are the best places to buy trendy clothes in Kolkata?
If you wear tight pants all the time, will it keep you skinny?
Where can I buy quality wholesale men suits?
Do any females like wearing a one-piece swimsuit in the bathtub?
How do you fix the zipper on a pair of pants?
How many t-shirts are sold yearly?
What should I wear to a festival?
How can I sell high-quality, handmade stoles (ladies’ scarves) in the US?
How does one properly wear a Fedora?
What is the company of bra and panties you are currently wearing?
What measurements do I need to stitch a women's dress shirt that fits her perfectly?
How do I get the perfect formal look?
How do I wear pants and shirt correctly?
How can I get a job as a buyer in the clothing industry? I have lots of experience as an importer in the clothing industry.
How should I wear stripe trend?
If India were to have an official (and traditional) dress code, what would it be?
Why Stalin never wore a necktie? Was it because he did not feel European?
Why do girls find wearing skimpy dress stylish?
What is the definition of branded garments for GST purposes?
What is the easiest way to sew pockets in a skirt?
What should I wear everyday at my MBA college?
When buying a matching cycling jersey, are matching shorts, socks, and gloves necessary when mismatched alternatives are less expensive?
When will big Bazaar will get old clothes?
Why is the Indian traditional clothing getting more and more popular?
What would men's American Eagle jeans in size 32 waist, 30 long convert to in women's AE jeans?
Why is a cloth placed over a person's face during waterboarding?
Where can I buy leather straps to make a choker?
What clothes should we bring for a European tour in June?
How do you sew adaptive clothing?
Can you make clothing out of vantablack?
How do you differ tailoring and dressmaking?
What would I have dressed like in the early to mid-1990s? I'm a guy.
Does men wearing suits show conformity and lack of imagination?
What color of shorts goes with a navy blue workout shirt?
Where can I buy a knee sleeve?
Can I wear a red t-shirt for the NEET exam in 2017?
Why would an Indian girl wear Lehenga Cholis to her friend’s wedding?
Would it be weird or inappropriate to ask a lady why she does not wear sleeveless tops or blouses?
Where can I get an ethnic Indian wear for my daughter who is 7 months old?
Which color of jeans looks good with a purple shirt?
Where can I get hats and T-shirts like the ones Dan Galpin wears in the Udacity courses?
Why is it that businessmen must wear jackets and ties on the hottest summer days while businesswomen can wear comfortable, loose fitting garments?
Will black cotton straight-fit pants look good with a black polo t-shirt?
Do I have to declare jewelry that I wear when travelling to other countries?
What are some of the dressing tips for big-headed men? I know we should not wear hats which will make the already big heads look bigger.
What’s the percentage of South African consumers’ spending on clothing and shoes?
Why is drapability required in a fabric?
What are the best ways to stretch leather pants?
Have you ever wanted each member of your family to design your own t-shirt to wear together during your picnic?
What makes Forever 21 put extra things on their clothing?
How can you prevent your maternity pants from falling down?
Does anyone need clothes?
What is the best way to safely sell and shop around clothing designs to a large scale manufacturer, design company or store?
Should Indian IT services companies abolish outdated policies like formal dress code and compsulsory 9 working hours?
Can I wear sweatpants every day?
Is it harmful if I do not wear sports bra during exercise?
Other than cost-cutting, is there a reason to cut knit fabrics (t-shirt weight etc.) off-grain? Is this for style?
What type of jeans do I wear for short legs?
Do you have pink underwear?
Could Jewish people also wear a necklace with a hand of Fatima on it?
Is setting up a manufacturing unit for branded clothes profitable or is there a more profitable model?
What are good tops and pants to wear with olive green sneakers?
How do you knot a shirt?
Where can I go topless in India?
How would you tell a boyfriend or girlfriend that you like wearing clothing made for the opposite gender?
What are loud ties?
Can a used collar neck be reused by another person?
What kind of garments are you interested in knitting?
Where can I find clothing manufacturers with low MOQs in Malaysia?
Where can old clothes be recycled?
What are some tips for beginner joggers?
Is selling clothing online profitable?
Once you had lost weight, what did you do with your old clothes?
How does one dress for 15 degree C weather?
Why do people think women dress for men just because they wear tight clothing or skin-revealing clothing instead of an extra large t-shirt?
Should black leather shoes be shined each day they are worn?
What are some ways to grow your t-shirt business?
Should I wear pocket square with navy blue blazer?
Is it necessary to wear a head scarf while taking ablution?
What types of clothes should I buy for Manali in June?
Can grown men wear baseball caps on backwards without looking like they are trying too hard?
What marketing strategies can I use to drive followers to my clothing line?
I am into wearing womens panties. I’ve been doing this for a while. Why do i like this?
What designed saree blouse suits a person with a plump size?
Among these countries Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar, Vietnam, Bangladesh, India, or China which is cheaper to source infant clothes and accessories?
For patients with venous insufficiency, is there a notable difference in using knee high versus thigh high compression stockings?
What is the best clothing brand franchise to start in South India for less than 40 to 50 lakhs?
Are 100% cotton jackets warm?
Is it ironic that most fashion models are tall given that it's hard for tall people to buy clothes?
How do I gain sales and market my clothing line with a low budget ($100)? I own and run a clothing line and I have my own website for it, through which I have made a few sales.
What is the business mode of the wholesale apparel business in the USA?
Where can I get casual socks in Sydney?
What color corsage goes with an ice blue prom dress?
What are clothes dyes made from?
Where can I get this type of stitching done for a T-shirt?
How are thermal shirts made?
What clothes do Indian tourists wear in Europe?
What organic apparel online store could you recommend?
What materials do you need to make your own underwear?
If your school had a Polo Shirt uniform but you could wear whatever bottoms you want what outfit would you wear?
What clothing brand makes durable clothes?
Why don't girls in Western countries wear bras as often as those in the East?
Why do some people love wearing jeans?
Is wearing a watch out of style?
Who wears tights with steel cap boots either to work or casually?
Do women get turned on by wearing a pantyhose?
What are some good places in Mumbai and Dadar to buy clothing (suits and jeans) at a cheap rate?
Why do some people prefer to wear woolen clothes even in the summer?
Can I wear a navy blue top to the NEET 2017?
Why can't men wear bikini?
Why do woman wear thongs underneath theater workout clothes?
Where is the wholesale market for branded clothes in Bangalore for men?
What hijab can I wear with a white blouse?
Are there any maxi skirts that don't have a giant slit?
What company offers wholesale T-shirts at affordable prices? I am mainly looking for Clemson and Gamecocks sports brands?
Which is the best wholesale market in Surat for ladies western wear?
Is there men’s underwear that can be used for both sports and leisure?
What are some opinions on the compulsory wearing of formal attire in Indian tech companies?
Nowadays, is it common among males to wear a bra?
Do women usually find it offensive if a random guy asks them about their outfit?
What are your favorite suit colors for spring time?
Are there international apparel brands present in Japan and do they sell European sizes?
Where in the world I can find the place where people remain without clothes to see girls?
Which country has the greenest clothing industry?
Does it really matter what you wear or just as long as you are comfortable?
What is bio-wash fabric?
How would life be different if humans never started wearing clothes?
What are some cool outfit ideas to wear to a club?
What clothes should people with gynecomastia wear?
What is a good name for a clothing line?
What's wrong with a knee length brown leather a-line skirt to a job interview?
Where in the world can I buy wholesale blank T-shirts in different colours that have a good balance between quality and price?
Will opening a fashion house in Canada for new Indian immigrant be benefiting?
What is the easiest way to make a traditional Mexican dress?
What is the difference between handloom and readymade garments?
Which is the best country to export knitted garments?
Can we wear full sleeves during the JEE Advanced?
What color boots and jeans should I wear with a silver top?
Do girls like men in underwear?
Why does a woman wear a thong?
What's your favorite online women's clothing store?
What is the difference between apparel and garment?
What are stock clothing?
Why do males and females dress differently?
British mayors wear a chain of office. What does it represent and what are the origins?
Which is your favorite Earring styles to wear occasionaly?
Why does cricketer Rohit Sharma wear kajal?
A trademark says "clothing, namely, shirts and caps for sporting wear". Is it "all" for sporting wear or only "caps" for sporting wear?
Can I wear a half-sleeve t-shirt to NEET 2017?
Can I use branded jeans in a commercial?
What design/features would women would like to have in Yoga wear?
Where in Europe can I buy a tencel fabric that incorporates some lycra?
Can girls studying at CMC Vellore wear clothes of their choice or are there rules?
Where can one buy a genuine "Ashes Series" Tie (navy blue colour with stripes and golden urns)?
Are you looking for some unique T-shirts?
Are shorts commonly worn in Mexico in the Spring and Summer?
Are sleeveless t-shirts comfortable during summer season?
Which substance gives a shine to shoes and leather?
Has the fact that you don't wear underwear ever presented a problem or resulted in an uncomfortable situation at work?
Should overweight people pay more for their clothes?
Will people notice if I change my clothes?
How do I sew an accordion stretch panel, does the elastic have to be pre-stretched?
What type of bra is best for wearing to work? I'd be in skirt and blouse or a dress.
Is wearing the Whistling Woods t-shirt compulsory all the time?
Where can I buy shirting fabrics in wholesale prices in Surat?
Where can I get good design faux leather bags by wholesale in India?
Is wearing white pants gay?
What is the best way to transport clothing from India to Europe and how to make agreements when starting up a business?
What should I do if I sweat a lot and I always have to dress in heavy attire and makeup even at home?
Are high knee socks cute with short shorts?
How many people have actually used online virtual fitting rooms?
How can I wear animal print?
This Friday my best friend is coming. I want to design a couple t-shirts for us. Can you tell me some suggestions?
Should I get a kinesiology degree to start a clothing line?
Who are some suppliers of trendy plus-size dresses in Australia?
What is the dress at FIITJEE?
How should I dress up for twin day at school?
Why do some of the umpires wear red shirts and some of the umpires wear black shirts in IPL 2017?
Can I get a Quora shirt and hoodie from Quora?
What does Gordon Miller think about buying expensive brand clothes?
How long is a servicemen allowed to wear his uniform once he gets his honorable discharge?
How do I get buyers for exporting leather gloves?
What are the shoes called which we wear with dresses?
What are the best three brands for men's footwear?
Where can I get boyfriend jeans in Chandigarh?
What is the normal behaviour of a ladies’ tailor toward girls?
Is it a good time to launch a clothing brand in the market?
How can I be brave enough to swim without a shirt on, only shorts?
For a military veteran wearing full formal kilt at a black-tie event, is it appropriate to wear military medals and devices?
Where can I buy women rapron in India?
How do I build a smart mirror where you can try on clothes virtually?
In how many ways can you wear chef coats?
How do I find some real buyers who are looking for plain or dyed satin fabric?
How I can start a store for kids wear at Dubai?
Where can I purchase jeans wholesale?
Is it okay to wear the Yuri Plisetsky blue cosplay jacket in the US?
Will other clothing companies make male rompers?
Can I combine double cuff shirts with chinos?
Do you think it’s weird to wear cycling clothes?
For summer time, what would working women wear under their work clothes (i.e. Underneath work dresses or suits)?
Why is polyester not suitable for summer wear?
How can I sell my clothing to retailers? How do I contact them?
Can I go to any website to design my own club t-shirt?
What are the best ways to iron linen pants?
How can I turn my dupatta into a classy shrug?
What is the detail chain of getting branded clothes (designing, manufacturing outsource, buying it back etc.)?
Which Indian celebrities have suffered from wardrobe malfunctions?
Is it environmentally friendly to buy used clothes from far away countries (considering the carbon footprint of the shipping)?
What are the measures taken to handle delicate fabrics from cut to pack?
What is acceptable dress code for a navy ball?
How can I become a dress designer?
Where can I donate clothes to needy people in Vimannagar, Pune?
Which colour of jeans goes with a denim shirt?
What's the best way to find new clothes I like?
What are some of the best cat outfits you have seen?
Do clothes in China say "made around the corner" or something?
Why do we wear clothes while other species don`t?
Do you wear a binder?
Is it legal in the UK to enforce men to wear long smart trousers for work when women can wear skirts and dresses?
What are the top products in the female workwear sector?
Why is a school considered a formal organisation?
Do you think humans will ever stop wearing clothes?
What are underwear elastic bands made of?
What should you wear to a 25th class reunion?
What should be the latest dress for girls?
What is my bra size if my band size is 32 and my cup size is 36?
What's more appealing in a clothing store, items hung up, or items folded?
Where I can get some nice suits in Hyderabad? Which market is good for shopping?
Can men wear mini skirts and white stockings?
Why the hell are people so supportive of women dressing provocatively?
What are the things that needs to be taken care of before approaching a garment manufacturer for a home based garment start up?
Is wearing a Chinese jacket cultural appropriation?
What should you wear to a 40th class reunion?
Which colour top would look best with an off-white coloured Palazzo?
What are some stores that specialize in petite clothing?
In hot countries, why do Orthodox priests and Muslim women in burkas wear black, as that only makes the heat load worse?
What do you do when you don’t like your boyfriend's dress sense?
Why does the skin of your finger shrink when you wash clothes for a long time?
What do you think about a solo traveler who wears a hijab?
What are the courses available in the field of smart clothing?
Why should Muslim women wear black burqas even in the hot summer while men can dress in white kurta pyjamas which are way more comfortable?
What is sheer driving?
Are kurtis eating into the sales of unstitched suits?
What type of casual shoes would go best with a white printed shirt and dark green trousers?
What is the most unique apparel packaging idea?
What can I wear apart from a sweater/cardigan to cover up this summer?
Where can I donate used clothes (in good condition) in Dombivli?
Which is the best place in India to buy ladies clothes in wholesale?
Are you supposed to change clothes between your different acting headshots taken?
How do I promote my wholesale shirt business and increase my earnings?
Is a tie suppose to swing?
What is a 9.5" rise in jeans called?
Are there any benefits to a tracksuit compared with jeans?
How would I accessorize with neon if I'm a guy that wears an all black outfit?
Can I wear a full-sleeve t-shirt to the IIT Advanced 2017?
Can you use dryer sheets when drying baby clothes?
Do you think headgear is cool?
What if our military reconnaissance people wore ninja suits?
Do the dyes in the clothes that Harajuku girls wear have a fluorescent quality?
What are better shoes to wear to a street fight, Converse or Nike Free Runs?
When were waistcoats first worn by women in the American West?
What is your favorite piece of clothing or accessory?
Why do clothes become electrified?
Is it to you to wear clothes that are comfortable?
What are some innovative ideas in textile/apparel sector that could create more employment opportunities?
Where can I find cheap clothing?
What is a good color/pattern tie to pair with a solid white dress shirt?
What research has been done on the effect of dress codes on productivity at work?
Would you ask a boy to take off his shirt?
Why does so much lint collect in my dryer but my clothes don't get smaller?
Is Highlander a good clothing brand?
Is there a dress code for entering a police station?
What is the name of the cloth which is used in a boiler FD fan?
Why do Muslim women and girls always wear long-sleeved t-shirts and pants?
Where can I buy a cheap football shirt in Mumbai?
Why do more women wear glasses, compared to men?
Why can't we wear trousers to school?
How can I find a manufacturer that can help me make samples and doesn’t need a huge minimum order for my clothing line?
Where can I buy cheap shirts in bulk?
Can I wear a white and sky blue floral tunic for the NEET exam?
Where can you get cute clothes cheaply?
Why do some Muslim men maintain a dangerous look? Why can't they simply dress and groom well?
What are some of the various styles to wear a scarf?
Is there any place where I can get a nice leather jacket for a decent price?
Why are prisoners in the US given orange as their dress code? Why can't they be in other, different colours?
Which is a suitable dress for Parties and Ceremonies?
What is the average price of a 100% pima shirt in Russia?
Were tricorne hats worn in the 1860s? I know they were out of fashion then, but does that mean no one wore them?
Is there a dress code for cosmetic technology in R.C. Patil?
What is the best place to buy the latest designs of necklaces for a traditional outfit in the US?
What is Celanese fabric?
What do you think about designing your own custom T-shirt for your daughter or son's graduation day?
What jeans to wear with a blue blazer?
How can you make black underwear?
What are examples of vintage items?
What are modern men's underwear?
What site would you recommend for buying men's knee high argyle/striped socks?
witch is the best city in India for clothing business?
What do you mean by resort wear collection?
Why should we not wear polyester clothes while working in a laboratory?
What are some common applications for Celanese fabric?
Will males wearing short shorts come Back in style?
What kind of pants would look good with a light pink t shirt?
Is men's size 43 and women's size 43 the same?
Where can I buy real vintage clothing online apart from eBay?
What do valkyries wear?
Is there any uniform or dress code at NMIT in Bangalore (especially for girls)?
What are the best live chat websites for asking anything, such as food, clothes, education, etc.?
How did wearing short clothes become power symbol for one gender?
what purpose does a revealing dress serves a woman?
Why doesn't J. Cole dress the same way he did when he first came out, with the flashy jewelry and clothes?
What is a fresher supposed to wear on the first day at a job?
What are some specific dressing tips for overweight men? I know some, like the fact that you shouldn't wear t-shirts with horizontal stripes, but I’m looking for more.
What are the best marketplaces to sell clothes?
What is the best brands for women tank top?
How much would a Vantablack shirt cost?
Can a lighter left in a jeans pocket in a crowded hamper be triggered and the butane cause the ink from the jeans' die to bleed onto clothes pressed against the pocket/lighter?
What was your favorite outfit for a wedding you went to?
What is a good pattern or project to practice sewing satin fabric?
Why do the sizes of clothes vary between brands?
Are white Converse still in style?
What bra should I give as a gift to my wife?
Why have short shorts and swimwear for men become popular again?
How do I print a GIF on a T-shirt?
What are sophisticated clothing stores?
What types of clothes should I take on a trip to Shimla in June?
When women have on dresses, how do they know the dress is going to blow up?
Does everyone enjoy wearing nylon hosiery?
Where may I find beautiful Indian kurtis for sale?
How do you combine accessories with a yellow dress?
How come guys at the gym can see through a woman’s workout clothes if she’s wearing a thong?
How did wearing a cap backwards get started?
Is it wrong for doctors to use the white coat? They do carry pathogens, but is the scene same everywhere?
How do you customize you shirt in Roblox?
How do I start a clothing line in Los Angeles?
Is it good to wear casual clothes at work or a uniform?
Where in LA can I have t-shirts manufactured?
Why do ladies’ jeans have a smaller zipper than men’s?
Should I wear formal or go with casual while attending an mtech admission test in IIT Delhi?
Which colour blazer matches a deep pink top?
What were some early 90's shorts for men?
What are some workout trendy outfits for summers?
Which are the best and stylish Kurti manufacturers in Amar Colony, Delhi?
Where can I get trendy as well as casual shorts for running?
What type of dress would suit a tall fat girl with a large lower back?
Can a feminine sissy male wear a skirt and blouse for a mainstream job interview?
Do feminists support the idea of guys being allowed to wear short-shorts with their parts half hanging out?
Where can we use a leather jacket?
Why do my feet swell after wearing shoes the whole day?
What should be a unique Brand name for women's clothing?
What is the perfect outfit for the beach season?
How can I take suggestions for clothes about whether it looks good or not?
What is the name of the colorful cloth strings with puffy balls and flowers that dangle from the elbows and wrists of the Rajasthani dancers?
Why do so many men and women wear military uniforms to places such as grocery outlets, schools, etc.?
What fabrics are durable and easy to clean with LoveSac sactionals?
What do young Iranians wear in their everyday life?
What style of crop top would suit a white chiffon skirt? (See the image in description for an idea.)
What do I do to get a job in Canada in apparel retail as a buyer?
Why does Indian fabric, or Indian clothing, have color bleeding?
What colour of shirt suit goes with blue jeans?
Why is the NEET dress code far more strict than the JEE Mains dress code?
Why do people shop online for clothing? Is it not easier to walk into a store, try it on, and then buy it?
What does your school's uniform look like?
Is it really rude to wear a hat indoors?
Where can I find a nice three-piece suit?
Why does it feel weird to put on pants first then socks? What percentage of the population does this?
What should I wear for my interview at IIHR?
Why do guys stare at the gaps of women's pants?
Why do we wear sweatpants in the gym?
I want to start my own clothing brand, but I can't design. Do you have any advices?
Why do adults always seem to question ripped jeans?
Who wears underwear as swimwear?
How do you attach sequins to your clothes?
What is a good top or T-shirt for a red-and-black pair of check rough jeans?
What are some specific dressing tips for overweight men?
What shirt, shoes, and trousers should I wear with a lavender blazer?
What is the dress code in Pondicherry University?
How and when did sleeved dresses, extending below the knees and with narrowed waists and singular color schemes, go out of style in the US?
Why do people have a problem with ripped jeans in India?
Is it always necessary to match belts and shoes, even when we wear casual outfits?
Does black cloth absorb more water?
Which is the best and cheapest place in Pune to buy hiking clothing?
What can a person be called if it wear specs?
How do you wear clothing post-shoulder surgery?
How will Amazon disrupt the apparel retail industry?
Is it good to wear a black dress in summer?
Is it possible to create a clothing line with only $1,000?
During BUD/S training, are you allowed to wear compression shorts, or do you have a required undergarment supplied to you?
What color shirt goes with orange pants?
How much money is needed to open a branch of H&M or Forever 21?
Where can I get free summer clothing that looks good?
Why wear push-up bras?
Why do people who wear a hijab always wear the same style even though I have seen many different styles?
Should I wear a pocket square?
Do cargo pants look good on skinny girls?
What are some well-regarded American makers of men's custom shoes?
What whould I wear in a friend's sister wedding?
We are both well dressed. She has 3 layers and I have 2 layers of clothes. Is there any possibility for semen to enter into her vagina through these cloth?
Where can I get summer women's clothing online?
Where can I buy Dhoti pants - online or in Hyderabad?
Do we have any apps in India to sell used clothes?
Can straight men wear women's clothing out in public?
Should a man tell a women to wear makeup?
For a man who has no interest in fashion but still wants to look good, what are the best options without breaking the bank?
Did your school staff scold you for wearing short skirts or was it fine?
What's your favorite, most desired football kit that you believe is the most detailed, colourful and beautiful looking?
What's the best fabric for tailoring a barrister's robe?
What color panties are you currently wearing?
How does the water on washed clothes evaporate?
Why do my clothes shrink when I get them back from the laundry, and how do I avoid this?
What is a good online place to sell cycling clothing and footwear in the UK?
Is my boyfriend obliged to share his jacket when it's cold and I forgot to bring my own jacket?
What type of dress and heels should I wear to ladies’ day at a horse racing event?
What sort of difficulties did you face when you were new to wearing saree?
How can you make togas out of fabric?
Where should I buy branded sports branded clothes for cheap rates in Dhaka?
I play hardcore games on my phone, and it warms up a lot. I put it on a box with ice and keep a cloth between them. Is that alright?
How to dress in dieselpunk style?
Why aren’t fielders allowed to wear gloves?
Which cloth do girls remove first before a bath, a jeans or a top?
Is there any side effects on wearing cooling vest?
Which color of casual shirt suits an indigo blue t-shirt?
If the world was created again, what are the chances that a suit and tie would be considered formal clothing?
Why do Indians look down upon a Westerner who is wearing jeans/shorts in public?
Which is the best brand of men’s shirts - Gas or Diesel?
Are all of the clothes online at Forever 21 in the store?
What clothes do women wear in China?
Where can I find plus size shirts in Mumbai?
Are there any cute clothing stores out there that sell modest clothes?
Is it normal to be attracted towards the visible bra straps of a female?
What should one wear to attend IIT mtech counselling? Is it really necessary to wear formals or go with casual?
How would I dress in fashion from 1991 and 1996 if I'm a guy?
Can one wear a tight shirt instead of a bra?
Which is the best tailoring software?
What are the best garment manufactoring companies in Africa?
What are the best colour combination cloths for 20 year boy?
Why is there not underwear made for men that are like women's panties?
How much money could a man hope for when selling his used clothing in 1905-1910 London?
Can someone lay all the fundamentals of clothing and style for men?
Could someone please rank the major UK fashion retailers from high end to low for someone who has recently arrived?
Can you wear your own clothes in prison?
How much does it take to set up a factory for making clothes in India?
Do Arab men wear thong underwear?
What lingerie should I wear under my dress when I meet this guy at his place on Wednesday? Pics would help.
Why can Indian girls not wear Western outfits after marriage?
Can sleeveless shirts be worn for NEET 2017?
Why does my sweat leave yellow stains on my shirt?
How do I find a manufacturer for my clothing startup without a huge catital?
As a tall women, how do I dress better?
If you could have any words written on your shirt, what would they be?
What are the best places where I can buy clothes for fat people?
Who are some women that regularly go braless?
Can I wear a 3/4 sleeve kurta or a t-shirt when I go to take the NEET examination?
What are the problems which arise in denim fabric?
Where can I find Star Wars glow in the dark T-shirts online?
What colors look good with grey pants?
What is the dress code for MBA students at Sri Ramachandra University (especially for girls)?
How do I manage a production factory (t-shirt) that is big with two or three branches of they are in different places?
What colour T-shirt would go well with gray trousers?
Where can I donate clothes, food and useful products?
How do English boys dress?
Is there still a dress code in NIT Trichy for girls in 2017 (official or unofficial)?
What lipstick should I wear with a yellowish light sand color blouse?
What materials do you need to make different kinds of jeans?
How do sauna suits work?
Is it worth paying dearly for designer clothes?
What should I tell a five year old child when he asks,"Why is Uncle Paul wearing a dress?"
What clothing fashion is trending now?
Why do my socks always fall down?
What happens to an actor's costumed underwear (underwear made by the costume designers from the wardrobe for the actor's scene) after it's been worn?
What clothes should I buy for college?
Why is it important to wear a mangala sutra while performing marriage?
Do you remember the details of the clothes you wear in a dream (because I don’t)?
Which brand of active sports wear do you like?
Is it annoying/wrong that I sometimes dress very punk rock and sometimes dress feminine chic (think clothing stores like Zara)?
Do woman like men who wear panties?
What causes cross-dressing?
Which kind of clothes do you like on the opposite gender and why?
Where can I find Muslim clothes in Gaborone?
Can I wear a t-shirt and black half pants to the NEET UG exam?
Why should one not wear a black shirt for an SSB interview? Does wearing black reflect something negative in accordance to the army or OLQs?
In what video did Markiplier first wear the warfstache?
How did you train yourself to wear saree?
How much does it cost to make tshirts of the quality like Lacoste and Ralph Lauren with the same fabric they use?
Who makes the best men’s sleepwear?
How can I suppress my urge to wear women's clothing?
Are there alternatives to wearing a bra while maintaining decency at the same time for a slim but heavy chested woman?
How does detergent powder clean clothes?
Can I wear cream trouser with black blazer?
Why do they only make sweater pill shavers with battery power? Why can't you buy a sweater pill shaver that has a cord that plugs into the wall?
Can males wear female track shorts?
Is there any long-sleeve fashion for men besides shirts and winter clothes?
How would I dress in a 1990-1991 outfit if I'm a guy?
If I am a 28x30 men's size for a pair of jeans, what size would I be for women's?
Which is better for running, ankle socks, quarter socks, crew socks, or knee-high socks?
Where can I find a stylish winter coat in South Africa?
Should women be allowed to wear white, especially white dresses, if they're not virgins?
Is padded and wired bra injurious to breasts?
Why do people in North India wear scarves a lot?
How I get orders for clothing designs on Fiverr?
How do I wear jeans?
Other than the formal black and white combination, which colour combinations would go well for formal attire for women?
What colors match with brown pants?
After a trip to Dubai I noticed the majority of women dressed in black and the majority of men dressed in white. Why is this?
How do garments factories ship their goods abroad?
What are some signs of high quality hoodies and t-shirts?
What is the best place to shop fashion apparels for men in Chennai?
Do silk cotton sarees contain silk?
Is mink oil good for leather shoes?
Why do people find ripped jeans so fashionable?
What kind of clothing do geniuses wear?
Do the billionaires of the world use their clothes & other wearable things more than one time or destroy them?
Do you know of wholesalers who allow you to sell items like Asian clothing on credit terms?
Where can I get inexpensive party wear shoulder dusters online in India?
What is the best place to buy maths/physics T-shirts?
Do you wear slippers at home?
How do I create my own clothing brand?
Do girls wear skirts in Sikkim?
Can we wear a kurti and a palazzo in Christ College, Bengaluru?
What dress should wear a man (5.4 height, dark skin and average body) on his wedding and reception, What are the things he has to do to look handsome?
How can I check the brand in clothes?
Is it normal to notice somebody's bra visible from her top, the color or the floral design? Does that happen with all bras?
Can I wear sweats to my work?
What is this trend called where you button a denim shirt all the way up to the top, and how can you pull it off?
What are some best dressing hacks for men?
Why do the economists wear bow ties?
Where are Monica Geller’s clothes from?
Why is Dhoni wearing full sleeves jersey since last 3 matches?
Have you ever been attacked or shot while wearing clothing by Miguel Caballero?
Is wearing cologne to bed normal?
Why do crows follow me when I wear all black?
What clothes are good for my daughter's wedding?
What are the latest brand of men's and women's outfit?
Where can I find Indian exporters who deal in women’s ethnic wear?
What is Shraddha Kapoor wearing on the February 2017 Cosmopolitan cover? Is it underwear, briefs or shorts?
Why are there male sellers in a shop of bras and panties?
Can I wear a cream coloured, long kurti with patches for the NEET?
Where is the place to help you create unique and stylish custom T-shirts for your team?
Which colour formal shirt looks good for black pant other than blue?
What type of clothes should I take for a holiday in Palampur and Dharamshala on the last few days of May?
How can clothes be fashionable and regarded as beautiful one season, and then suddenly be considered unfashionable and ugly the next?
Why does President Trump wear his tie far too long and never button his suit jackets?
Are you tired of tucking your shirt over and over?
Is there an alternative to dresses on formal parties?
How do you style acid wash jeans?
What drives people and engage to spend money on clothing for sport?
How should I wear a Breton top in the summer?
What is my bra size if my band is 39 and cup size 41?
Which proper opaque clothes/fabrics are so thin and light that they make you feel like you’re not wearing anything?
What's the best cheapest website to ombre custom Tshirts shirts?
What do you think about the NEET exam dress code atrocity in Kerala?
What color of shirt and tie should one wear with a black suit?
What did the T-shirts look like for the casual chic look during the late 90's?
What are some websites that sell cute fairy kei clothes?
Why does a woman wear a thong? Can a guy see it?
Where can I get popular song names printed on t-shirts?
Why are one colour pieces of clothes more expensive than multi coloured ones?
Do a navy blue shirt and brown pants look good together?
What are the advantages of a penny loafer?
What are some outfit ideas for a glow party?
What are good names for my subscription men's clothing startup?
Does sweat stain clothes?
In Project Runway, why do they say “pant” instead of “pants”?
Where can you find trendy clothes in Hyderabad?
How do males tan since most men wear boardshorts?
How should I dress to a house party?
What does it mean when a guy offers you his t-shirt?
What should you do to sell branded intact clothes in small quantities?
What kind of men's shirt might look good with this ivory/navy sakura tie?
How do I compile different colours of shirts and trousers for office and church outfits?
Is it old-fashioned to wear a gold-plated watch being a teenager?
Are people overreacting to Beyonce dressing up as a goddess?
I'm planning to wear a kurti for NEET with polka dots on it. Is it acceptable?
What's your favourite foot wear and why?
Where can I find clothing that combines a modern look with foreign culture?
How would I spoof shorts, t-shirt and trainer sneakers to the early to mid 90s vibe?
Which type of innerwear are perfect for boys?
Why don't my developers want to wear handsome suits and stately business dresses to work?
Why "Sari" attire in India is considered decent than ladies suits?
Which color shoes should I wear with black pants?
Why do what type of shoes you wear in society today matter? Not only shoes, but why do hairstyles, clothes, etc., also matter?
What do the unpopular kids in your country dress like?
In which countries do women wear saris?
How can I wear Vans high-tops?
What are some smart but casual shoes I can wear everyday?
How do you fit someone for medical grade knee high and thigh high compression socks?
Do you button the jacket if you have a vest under it?
What is your opinion on girls that wear too much make up?
Is there a way to find this 59Fifty NY hat in different sizes online?
At what age do girls start wearing purses?
What do actresses do with their clothes after using them in a movie?
How can I find replica leather jackets?
What are the top 10 clothing brands for teenagers?
Is it weird that I find human prudishness with regards to clothes baffling?
Do old wiped yogurt stains on shirts present a risk of bad poisonous bacterial growth?
Which foreign clothing brands are cheaper in Singapore than in India?
What are the benefits of dressing up when going to the airport?
Are there any sites giving away new clothing for free?
What is the fool-proof formula for dressing well as a woman today?
Are there any Islamic countries where women are free to wear Western dress, i.e. skirt?
Will Eric Wang ever grow out of his clothes?
What is the dress code for the GDPI at IIHM?
How can I make arm socks?
As seasons change from winter to summer and then MN to rains, which clothes would you choose?
Where can I get shoes that were worn by models on Beth Ditto's website?
What are the benefits of using natural fibers in clothing?
Who are some reputable garment manufacturers in Asia/Europe?
Is there an age or social status at which it is no longer OK to accept used clothes?
Which shirt collar works best with a bow tie?
If a woman’s waistline is big, then what kind of dresses does the woman wear?
What kind of dresses would suit tall and broad-shouldered girls?
Do you wear gym clothes out and about?
If someone wore a jacket all day everyday, could their body adapt to it and slightly dependent on the jacket to keep a normal body temperature?
What are the best lines to write on a Girls's T shirt?
Why do my blue jeans seem to absorb more heat from the sun than my black jeans?
What do Amazon do of the clothes returned by the customer?
Why do employees love to wear promotional apparel?
What colour are your knickers today?
Why do clothes smell if not dried properly?
Why do cashiers at clothing stores add another bar code sticker to clothes labels even after they have scanned the item?
Which color of pants and shirt will suit a dark blue casual blazer?
What shoes, that would cover a foot tattoo, would look good with a formal green dress?
When clothing stores have store-wide sales, is it because they plan on having brand new inventory coming in?
After using a double edge razor, do you strip them down to clean and dry them every time or just rinse them and leave them to dry naturally?
What should an Indian women’s wear brand consist of?
Which men's clothing brands use the highest quality materials and the best stitching?
Who would want a free trial of plus-sized work clothing and sleepwear?
When are polyester clothes worn?
Which is the best market for college students​ in Delhi to buy clothes​?
What are some beaches in the US where clothing is optional?
Is it true that wearing Rupa underwear is against Islam? Why?
Should I wear leggings instead of shorts when I workout?
How do I add variations to a product in WooCommerce, for example, if a customer wants to order an XL sized t-shirt?
What type and color of footwear goes well with a black kurta, pyjama, and a beige/cream Nehru jacket?
What's the easiest way to find a factory to print T-shirts?
Is it really important to wear a hat in the sun while running?
What are the low-budget startups in the ready-made garment sector?
Where do I find direct buyers from Europe to export knitted, ready-to-wear garments in bulk quantities?
What are the best jackets for both cold and rain?
Where should I visit in Bangalore for wholesalers of men’s clothing?
How would guys have worn the early 90's colorful outfits before Grunge?
Why do women wear thongs underneath their workout clothes?
You are to spend a month on a deserted island. In addition to clothes and provisions, you are allowed to bring four other items. What do you bring?
Can girls wear cut sleeve top?
Why are women's robes shorter than men's (above the knee)?
How do I know how much fabric to cut to take in trousers? The pattern I am using has too much fabric in the legs. Is there a formula?
Why do girls wear capri yoga pants?
Are tops with dark sheer sleeves more comfortable during the summer than sleeveless tops?
Does my dressing convey my psychological state?
Where should I go, in the wholesale market, to buy good quality western dresses at a low price for my newly set up boutique?
What is the demand of customized clothing in India?
How did Dita Von Teese get such a tiny waist? Did corset wearing really do that?
My sons do not allow me to wear skirts. What should I do?
Why do people wear a new dress when going to a movie?
What are your favourite inexpensive dress shirts?
What is the best and cheapest place to buy clothes in Istanbul?
Can Devar touch Bhabhi’s navel in a saree?
How do I wear bike shorts if I want to wear loose shorts over them?
Which is the more efficient way to dry a towel on a clothes line, horizontally or vertically?
What are the best t-shirt packages that you have ever seen?
What is the difference between pantyhose and tights?
What math/physics equation would look cool on a shirt?
Why can't you wear red to a funeral? And is it a bad idea to wear red to a job interview at a funeral home?
Why can my fat male neighbor with boobs walk down the street with no shirt on but I, a woman, can't?
What is the dress code in PSG iTech?
Would girls stare at a man's penis if he wore revealing pants?
Which city is better for apparel opportunities, Bangalore or Indore?
Which is the best type of ironing/pressing of clothes, steam ironing or dry ironing?
Is it too late to launch a clothing brand and build manufacturing facility in Asia a year later?
Where in Kolkata should I go if I want to buy a designer net/chiffon/georgette saree for an affordable price?
Is there any scientific reason for Muslims to wear a sherwani and a topi?
Why is it normal for females to wear male clothing, yet frowned upon for males to wear female clothing?
What kind of attire should I wear for my BBA entrance interview?
What color pants goes well with a white shirt for men?
What purpose does a cleavage-revealing dress serve a girl if it’s not about comfort, like shorts compared to jeans?
Why are leggings with pockets so popular?
How many men think that women who wear a great perfume are irresistibly attractive?
Why does maternity wear feature so many dresses?
Do tall guys in the Netherlands in the 195-200 cm bracket find it hard to find clothes?
In most cases, why do ghosts wear white clothes?
What are slim-fit jeans for men called?
Where is the cheapest wholesale readymade market of girls clothes in India?
How do I choose the right promotional apparel?
What made you start dressing modestly?
How do I build a men's clothing empire?
Why is it that men have to dress modestly, but women don't?
Is it punishable to have dirty underwear?
Are long sleeve t-shirts for summer or winter wear?
Why are branded clothes in India so overpriced when they are produced in India?
Why do people have the perception that girls dress up for others?
How do you combine cardigans and shorts?
What do I do once I have inventory for an apparel company?
What are camisole tank tops?
Is it disrespectful to wear an American flag on your clothing?
What are the best online apps to buy clothes?
Which is the best online store to buy casual and formal wear at reasonable prices?
How can you make your own underwear?
Does one know of any good clothing stores for a 13-year-old?
What color pants do I wear with white shirt and charcoal-grey blazer?
Who wore the dress that was worn by Eugene in Tangled Ever at wedding time first, Jack Frost or Eugene?
How can I be a buyer for a clothing retailer? I have lots of experience in this industry as a importer from Bangladesh. Also, I am a native.
What is the dress code of Medi-Caps University?
When your husband helps you wear your saari, how does it feel?
How would I get a stylish dress sense?
What clothes size do most teens wear?
Where can I sell my used clothes?
Do girls get aroused looking at guys wearing shorts?
How would I dress in a casual chic style from the late 90's?
Where can I find & purchase fluorescent dyes to be used on clothes?
Is life measured by fluency in English, branded clothes, or a rich lifestyle?
Why are male devotees required to remove their shirts in temples?
Is it ok for a girl to wear a suit/tux to the prom?
Where could I buy full evening dress online?
What are high quality clothing brands similar to Hollister but low price in local malls in California?
What’s the most annoying piece of clothing your parents made you wear during your childhood?
What coating could be used on carbide blades to indicate areas of wear?
Is there an online site to buy fake brand clothing?
What materials do you need to make black underwear?
Can jeans be tailored?
You are waiting in a business lounge and wearing a business suit and shoes. I walk in wearing a t-shirt and flip-flops. What is your first thought?
I and a few other boys in our coaching class get distracted by a teacher who is very attractive. Should I write to her anonymously to tell her to wear less revealing clothes?
Are you looking for unique T-shirt designs for kids?
A cami-style bra tends to bring my breasts closer together. It looks funny to me. It has molded, non-padded cups and a hook closure. Is it fine?
Is wearing your heart on your sleeve a good or bad thing?
What do we call cloth in Sanskrit?
What is the correct way to wear a cap in Islam, and is wearing a cap like Aladdin allowed?
What type of necklace would go with a long spaghetti strap dress with a straight across neckline?
What are Indian Muslims views on Sania Mirza wearing a short skirt?
What colour back cover will suit a black Redmi Note 4?
How do I stop addiction to buying clothes?
What are the Moldavians’ clothing styles?
Where is a shirt fabric store in Delhi?
Which type of underwear should men wear?
What are the best outfits for street dancing?
Where can I find a fabric expert person who can tell me all about fabrics in Hyderabad or Mumbai?
Why do Indian lawyers wear black coats?
What should I wear in an Indian summer wedding (Delhi)?
How would I make Carrie Bradshaw's tutu outfit look masculine?
What are woollen clothes used for?
Which type and material of clothes should be best suitable for Indian climatic conditions?
How are woollen clothes manufactured?
Dark brown suit with pink shirt and purple tie. Is this a good combination?
Why do Japanese salarymen like to wear whirt shirt and black pants as their "uniform" to work?
What do you feel more comfortable in, a tracksuit or jeans?
Are you brand-conscious when it comes to clothing? What brands do you wear?
What is the dress code to follow in Mexico city?
What's your go-to casual outfit for going out with friends?
Where can I get wholesale clothes at the cheapest rate in India for women?
What are the materials used for dress pants?
Why do your boobs hang low when you wear support bras?
Will wearing long-sleeves and hats make skin get lighter?
What is the good name for mens clothing wear shop?
How do I dress similar to “Casual Chic” from the late 90's if I'm a guy?
What colour shirt should I wear with light brown trousers?
Which of the following country is going to sell high-tech chemical protective clothing to India?
How are synthetic clothing materials produced?
Which is the best way to make a tie and dye t-shirt?
What should a boy wear for the PIWAT?
Where's the best place to buy a flat cap in the UK?
What is Italian clothing made of?
Why do defence personnel wear neck scarf in India?
Is there an exclusively Canadian food, drink, type of clothing or hobby?
How does the VDV wear their uniforms?
Is it a wise decision to buy branded clothes?
Does an employer have the right to make a male employee wear women's clothing?
Why was losing shirt buttons a bigger issue than it is today?
Why do we need to wear uniforms to school?
What is your view on the strict dress code for the NEET exam?
Does wearing women’s bras make men feel like women?
Do transgender women always wear skirts and dresses?
What are some stylish dressing ideas for abaya wearing women?
Where is the best place to buy Women Shorts?
Is it okay to like Nazi uniforms? They just look so stylish especially those SS ones, very stylish.
How should I dress if I have crooked legs?
How should I wear maxi dress in summer?
Is there a situation where a guy would have to wear girl’s clothes?
Can I wear capris for NEET?
Is toothbrush handles made from polyester?
Can a straight man wear an open back blouse?
Which clothes are trending this summer?
If you swallowed a 100' long thin piece of cloth until it was at the end keeping the end hanging from your mouth would you be able to floss your body?
What can be done with a pile of used and torn clothes?
In US high school basketball or volleyball games, boys wear loose, knee-length shorts, but girls wear tight and short shorts. Isn't this sexism?
What does a boy wear in high school that a girl considers "well dressed"?
What do celebs do at Cannes other than styling in hideous outfits?
Can boys wear girls’ dresses?
Is it okay to wear a lip tint before bed?
Are girls allowed to wear leggings for NEET 2017?
What clothing tops were for guys during the early 2000's?
Which shirt matches with cream colour pants?
Which type of footwear goes with ethnic clothing?
If you already have a bad running rash on your crotch from the wrong underwear, can you just buy the cream and compression shorts and run right away?
Why do girls love to wear skinny jeans?
Is faux leather the same as leather?
What is the best buyer persona for person who buy sport clothing?
Where can I get a t-shirt framed in Bangalore?
Is a t-shirt allowed or not this year in the NEET?
Are you looking for wholesale dresses at an affordable cost?
Why does girls wear plastic bra?
What should be considered while buying a blazer?
How many cm is a 44" shirt from armpit to armpit?
What is the purpose of buttons on coat sleeves?
What can I wear when I go to my tuition classes, casual or something more formal?
What should you wear to a cookout?
Would it be bad if I advice my friend (dark skinned girl) not to wear yellow dress, as people laughs on her back and I don't want it to happen?
If I’m looking to have a silver (ag) mesh piece fabricated for an invention, who would I contact, a machinist, a jeweler, or someone who deals in fabrics?
Which colour shirt suits black jeans?
What is a Jacketing column?
What are the different glow in the dark fabric types used by luxury clothing brands?
Why do Indian women wear nose studs?
What products can I re-sell, other than clothing?
Where can I get an actual custom armored superhero suit?
What do people think good programmers dress like?
Why are white socks frowned in the office?
Feminists defend women for dressing scantily in public, so why were they furious with me for wearing a T-shirt featuring scantily-clothed women on it?
Can I wear Mandarin (Chinese) collar shirts to work? If yes, what shoes and pants should I wear with them?
What percentage of the world wears weaves?
What is a hoodie?
Which kind of fit for a formal shirt should a man with a potbelly wear? Regular?
What type of clothes should guys with big chest wear?
How do you keep off of the shoulder shirts off of the shoulders? Mine always pop up.
Is it compulsory to wear brown shoes when you wear a brown belt? I always get confused with which colour belt and shoes that I should wear?
Why are even jeans considered wrong in some parts of India when leggings wearing girl look and feel more glamorous to me?
Where can I buy funny Counter Strike T-shirts?
What is the Pakistani style of women's dressing?
Will R15 suit for thin and tall guys?
Why do school uniforms consists of shorts and not trousers?
What things should I take care of while purchasing cloth for suit and getting it tailored?
How can I make my fabric softer?
What are some cute outfits for school dances?
What should I wear in Stockholm in mid-May?
What is the dress code in GITAM University?
What underwear do women like on men?
Do push-up and strapless bras really work, or are they like any other fancy pieces of women’s clothing?
What color shoes can I wear with a dark-gray shirt?
How do I get a wholesale license for clothing in India?
Where can I buy wholesale Asian designer clothing?
What pants should I wear with a pink shirt?
What would be considered traditional clothing in Germany?
What color tie matches with a parrot green shirt and black pants?
What dress would be good to wear for a college group photo in India?
Will a black t-shirt with black cotton straight fit pants look good?
My friend only wears long sleeves and pants. At the pool she either bails on me or wears a wetsuit. She gets very defensive when I ask about it. Why?
What wears clothes out, i.e. gets them threadbare, the wearing or the washing?
I'm going to a Kyogen play. Do I have to wear something very formal?
What are some ways to remove blueberry stains from clothing?
In which schools do students wear sarees?
Do you design clothes? If so, which ones do you find the hardest to design and do you prefer piecing or top down technique?
Besides dressing well, would I be ridiculed if I were to wear a top hat and "formal attire" every Tuesday to my high school?
Is it ok to stop wearing a hijab after you decided to wear it?
Should pantyhose make a big comeback? I love wearing them and wish others did too.
How can I start dressing the way I want?
Which material is used to make eco-friendly carry bags that look like cloth?
Is a beaver fur jacket valuable? I found one at Goodwill for $6.96.
What should I wear during the ice trekking as I have a bad vision?
Is there any slight chance of pregnancy during outercourse? Both are fully clothed so there was never a penetration or ejaculation at all.
Why do my parents say that I can not wear dark pink or red dress? Why do they get so angry when I wear those?
What is the best bra for running?
What color is suitable with a pink colored blouse?
What is a good travel blazer?
Which online sites are good and reliable for shopping ethnic Indian wears?
Is there any mobile app to remove clothes?
What should I do if I don't like my prom dress anymore?
The onesie at one point, very popular, created some unusual looks. Do you have any favourites, and least favourite onesies?
How much profit does a T-shirt business make in a year?
What is polyurethane used in clothing?
Is there a website like teespring but for non clothing items?
Do you think the quality of food, clothing, and other manufactured products (their longevity, life and sturdiness) has become a thing of the past?
How can I shorten the heel of a shoe? I really like these shoes, but the heel is too high for me to wear them.
Which brand undies do you wear?
Where can I buy clothes in Tirupati at cheap rates?
How many chinchilla pelts does it take to make a jacket?
What is traditional American garb?
Which color bra are you currently wearing?
Why do South Indian girls wear a bindi?
What is the best soap or washing powder for clothes in India?
How can I get a cs50 t-shirt after finishing the course?
Is it a good idea to bring export-quality garments directly from Bangladeshi factories and sell them to wholesellers in India at reasonable prices?
Where can I find good running shorts for men online?
If I am falling from an airplane, can using my t-shirt as a possible parachute potentially save me?
Why do womens' one-piece bathing suits contain built-in bras?
Do any men nowadays wear trouser braces/suspenders unironically?
Which color shirt, tie and shoes would go well with a navy blue suit?
How much are Kookai skirts?
Which fitness clothing brand do you prefer (India) and why?
Is it ok for men to wear leggings in public?
If you throw stones at sewage, it's your dress that will get spoiled. What is the equivalent idiom in English?
What kind of footwear does Maria Clara (in Noli Me) wear?
Where can I find sublimation printing for t-shirts?
What are the characteristics of the clothing during Shakespeare's time?
What are the best underwear games for bachelorettes?
What are male rompers?
Why do business owners often make their employees wear ugly uniforms they would never wear themselves?
What goes well with kale?
How did guys wear workout gear back in the year 1990?
What's the best thing to wear for a casual party?
What type of shoes should I wear with classic shorts?
How do you dress dead people?
Where do all of the garments go if they are not sold?
What size knickers should I be buying for a UK 36/38 waist? What is the best women's thong that holds male parts in place nicely?
Do you wear your beliefs on your chest or hide them in your pocket and why?
What are the traditional clothing in South Africa?
Which colour loafers will go with blue chinos?
Why is market strategy important in branded apparel?
Is it acceptable for a woman to wear wellies to work?
Have you ever seen any examples of extremely useless clothes?
For a man who has muscular thighs and legs, are slim-fitting jeans harmful to the man’s package?
What are good prom after-party outfits?
Can you get away with wearing a leather biker’s jacket when you’re over 40?
Where does leather come from?
Does YG,etc Entertainments allow idols to wear clothes of their own wish for MVs or are they given a range to choose from; basically, how is it done?
How much do you usually spend on school clothes?
Can a man wear pink and still manage to look masculine?
Which type of bra do girls prefer the most and why?
Is it okay for men to wear Dr. Martens 1914 boots with skinny jeans? I love the look of the mid-calf boots, but I am worried what others might think.
Why is it that most tech billionaires wear t-shirts and dress very simple all the time?
Where can I buy some boxer briefs that come with piece of fabric on the inside, like women's underwear would? I'm a trans boy without surgery.
Is it ok to wear sweat pants or pantaloons while playing volleyball?
What type of dresses should we wear to attend interviews?
Is Windshark fabric good?
Which type of underwear is best worn at the gym?
Which fabrics are used for different types of garments?
What should I wear blue shorts with?
How do you control yourself when an attractive woman wearing a short skirt is sitting in front of you?
Will girls like my small chest when I take off my shirt this summer?
If I wear multiple pairs of underwear, will being kicked in the nuts hurt?
Is a cowl neck the same as a hoodie (men’s)? Does it have a hood?
Can anybody identify the shirt that Norway's singer was wearing in Eurovision 2017?
Where can I buy local second-hand Japanese t-shirts?
What is the average salary for a student who has done a BSc in Fashion and Apparel Design?
How and where do I get a Supreme box logo hoodie?
What colour shirt will suit cream-coloured pants?
Where can I find Western women’s top wholesalers?
How should I wear frills?
What are High Street fashion brands?
Is wearing ring-neck or collared shirts allowed in JEE Advanced?
What is the difference between anarkali suits and salwar?
Do you recommend a Bosch clothes washer?
Which styles/brands of clothes are recommended for a 30 year old male who wants to purchase multiple items of a particular outfit for work and casual wear?
What should I wear for a college function?
How do I find private label clothing manufacturers in Bangladesh?
Where can I buy 50 inch (120cm) waist-size shorts and a 54–58 inch casual shirt in India?
What is your favorite Supreme or BAPE collaboration?
Which blazer should I wear with a violet shirt?
Can I wear 3/4th sleeves for the NEET exam?
What colour tie should I wear with a green shirt?
Why are we required to wear something when we go in public?
Should you trademark your brand before selling apparel on ecommerce?
What are the setbacks of a penny loafer?
Is there a dress code at R.C. Patil?
Which colour shirt or T-shirt should I wear with light green cotton full pants?
Do guys like it when a girl wears their hoodie?
What are the products of bewakoof.com like - especially the T-shirts and mobile covers?
What narrow-minded company has made burkini as a body-tight suit is wrong for Muslims, and why do we wear it?
Do people still buy fur coats?
Do you think people will ever stop saying that certain clothing is made for males and other clothing for females?
How do you remove lint balls from your clothes?
In your opinion, what kind of fabric is the most comfortable to wear on the body?
Can syrup be considered a dressing?
Can straight men wear women's clothing and stockings out?
Does doing fashion design include the sewing of clothes?
Can girls wear boy’s t-shirts?
Do rich people save or buy from cheap stores i.e. local markets, regular clothing brands, etc.?
What should I wear with a floral mini skirt?
Where can I buy a good linen shirt in the US?
Do girls change dresses like men do in their hostel, and are their breasts and bras visible to their roommates?
Why do some guys wear double wear (double briefs) during workouts?
Do socks prevent hookworms?
How many of you women leave a few buttons open on their dress shirts?
Is it acceptable to wear shorty shorts to school?
Why do women always have to look well dressed in India?
What are some party dresses?
How common is it for the dress shoes of southern men to be woven or have woven elements?
Can a T-shirt’s length be altered?
What is the reason that ministers wear clerical collars?
What body hugging piece do squash players wear beneath their shorts?
Which colour shirt should I be wearing with these green coloured pants?
Should a female manager wear a headscarve at a conference?
What is the best way to find a scarf supplier in Italy?
How should I wash maxi dresses?
Why do boys wear shorts in Winter?
Is salwar kameez formal dress for men?
From where Kohli gets his clothes?
Are there any stores that sell clothes that have the American Eagle style, but that are cheaper?
What is the appeal of wearing your boyfriend’s hoodie?
What are the points on the top corners of a suit jacket called?
What matter does cloth acquire?
What type of lingerie should I wear? I love my legs and chest.
Where can I buy a men’s blank organic Pima cotton T-shirt online?
How can I find out who the garment agents are in the USA?
Would you still wear clothes if you were alone on the planet?
Where can I find a cloth factory/wholesale shop in Vietnam?
How can I dress office smart and keep some personality in my wardrobe?
How can I peep through girls’ panties?
Where can I buy girls’ jeans at the best prices?
Is anybody available to have an intellectual discussion about apparels or the fashion industry?
Can straight men wear women's heels or pumps?
How do I promote my wholesale jeans business?
What unique characteristic has clothes on the market?
What is the reason for a black dress code on the day of a graduation ceremony?
What is fastener in the attached image is called?
What shirt, tie and trousers should I wear with a lavender blazer?
How would you target people interested in buying lady's apparel with Facebook ads for LuLaRoe or a similar brand?
How do I stop staring at girls' legs in the library if they wear very short pants and sit next to me (hot summer)?
Can I wear black shoes with brown soles for consulting interviews?
What colour lipstick would go best with a turquoise-green dress?
Do Han Chinese people think they need to popularise a traditional clothing style?
Why do some fashion shows have really weird clothes?
What are the best women's running shorts?
Can I wear a grey suit to prom if my date is wearing a tan dress?
Is it okay for a guy to wear short shorts?
How can I get paint stains out of cotton shorts?
Are dirty clothes harmful to humans? Give proven results.
What tie would go best with a dark blue shirt and cream pants? Also what shoes would be best? It's for a luncheon.
Which sleeve do you put on first when putting on a shirt?
When is the best time time to buy branded shirts?
Is there any unsinkable swim wear?
Can you get pregnant from outercourse if both people are fully clothed and there’s no ejaculation or penetration?
How hygienic is it to wear a bodysuit since there is no room for underwear?
Is Vistaprint the best away to go for ordering customized business T-shirts, or is there any other local or online option?
Which is good clothing brand?
What are the characteristics of Celanese fabric?
Is it okay to wear underwear while in a spa?
Why do all the major active wear brands offer clothes for people who are fit enough and not for people who actually need it to attend gyms?
Where do I find clothing that is modern and innovative?
Where can I get a tee-shirt customised in India (online)?
Is it a turn-on when a women don't wear underwear, and if so, why?
When buying a new pair of socks, there is a thin piece of paper placed in one of the socks. What is the purpose of this paper?
What is the dress code of a Indian Navy's Tradesman mate (Civilian)?
Should I manufacture cotton pants or sweatshirts?
What is the feeling women get when they open their bra hook or clasp?
Which is the best wholesale clothing supplier in Australia?
How do Iranians dress in their homes vs the streets?
How can I style gingham pattern clothing?
If India is to have an official dress code of its own (traditional), what will it be?
Why do PacSun jeans smell weird?
What's all the issue about dress code of Christ university?
Were the colors plum, chocolate, and navy on the t shirts and spaghetti strap tops back in the late 90's?
What shirt, shoes and pants should I wear with a lavender (light purple) blazer?
Where can I find freelance Tech Pack designers for kids clothing in India?
Can I wear a full sleeve blue top and black jeans with a red belt and denim shoes for the BITSAT 2017 exam?
What color and type of shoes go well with black, ripped jeans?
Is there any platform online to connect with buyers and sellers of exported surplus ladies’ garments in Delhi, India?
Which degree should I pursue if I want to run my dad's clothing business in the future?
What are some of the best cheap clothing websites for teenagers?
How can I tell if my pants are too long?
Why is the 2- or 3-piece suit still the standard choice for a male formal attire?
Do females wear T-shirts underneath a buttoned shirt?
Is it wrong for a man to want to wear women's clothing 24/7?
How safe are buttons on baby and toddler clothes?
How do you write a good clothing brand description?
How can I approach investors for funding for a clothing business?
What are some of your favorite places for finding modest dresses and skirts?
Where can I buy a long women’s summer rapron in India?
How can I style harem pants?
Where can I find high quality ladies sports dresses?
What can be a good alternative to t-shirts for a casual summer outfit?
What kind of knitted garments are you interested in wearing?
How hard is it to sell a new clothing brand profitably without being or using larger than life celebrities?
Where can we purchase items like sewing machines, etc., for a garment boutique at cheaper prices?
What color socks go with pink shoes?
Is it mean/rude to remove someone’s clothes from a dryer(s) when they were left way passed the time it takes to dry them?
Why do so many female newscasters dress like bimbos?
Who are some clothing wholesalers in Mumbai?
What is your opinion on sagging pants?
Does your dressing sense matter in an interview?
What do modal fabric clothing consist of?
I'm on diet, now my clothes feel looser but why do I still looking the same?
What would happen if synthetic cloth was dipped in vinegar and then buried in soil for 20 days?
Is it wrong to wear cut sleeve banyan?
Why it is acceptable for men to be in public with their upper bodies undressed, but not women? What would happen if a woman tried?
What are the best cute summer outfits for women?
Where do I find batik or tie-dye colors in Mumbai?
What is the hat called that Ronnie Van Zant had?
Why do people quote the Bible to prove homosexuality is a sin, but then eat shellfish and have no issue with women having short hair or wearing pants?
Is it weird that I wear a pendant?
Can straight men wear women's butt lifting short shorts?
Is readymade garment making profitable in India?
Can I patent a shirt design off CustomInk?
Can body armor be used as an alternative to a riding jacket?
How should the business for a readymade garment shop be run (sourcing, pricing, reselling)?
Why are men's clothes of better quality than females?
Is there a specific dress code for the MHT-CET exam?
What does it mean when a girl cleans the crumbs off your shirt while you are eating?
Why are there extra laces on girls’ tops?
Is there an app or a website which gives measurements of clothes from old clothes?
What would happen if a US president refused to wear a suit?
What is the best clohing and shoes size chart?
Should I wear Oxford shirts?
Why did a soldier's wife send a 56-inch bra to Modi? Will Nawaz send a matching sari?
Are cloth diapers leak free? Which is the best brand?
Is there any dress code in Karunya University?
What can you wear with pastel colored shorts?
What kind of sari should be worn for interviews?
How do you tailor feedback to fit the recipient?
What color pants and shirt match with olive green shoes?
What's the best jockstrap to wear under jeans?
What are the first things to note when starting your own clothing line as a designer?
What are the graduate commercial trainee supposed to wear in their training period (dress code)?
How does SpongeBob SquarePants wash his clothes?
What colours look good with black pants?
Where can I find vintage wholesalers online?
Is it wrong to wear sneakers with a formal dress?
Where can I find security button system tucked Trunks?
Is there any dress code in UP medical colleges other than white coats?
What are some stylish men's clothing brands made for athletic built men with big arms, chest and small waist?
What replaced Spykar jeans renegade fit?
What are bottom wears apart from jeans?
What kind of jewelry is appropriate for a single man of status to wear?
What colour chinos would go with coffee brown loafers?
What shirt can I wear with a blue blazer?
What are some of the best fabric for summers?
Do boys find girls more attractive in traditional dresses than short dresses?
What are some creative ideas to make your own underwear?
How should I wear slip dress?
Which is the best place for men’s clothing in Bangalore?
Why do flat-chested girls wear bras or bikinis?
What is the profit margin in a garment factory?
Can you wear swim shorts in the gym?
What are the best places to buy cheap socks subscription?
Is it compulsory to wear shoes with lace for an interview?
Ranveer Singh is setting a new trend of formal clothing. Wearing skin fit trouser that's a wie bit short. Can corporate clothing transform after this?
Why do white products (shoes and clothing, etc.) almost always have a white background in advertisements? It doesn’t make sense at all and its hard to see their details.
What were some mid 90's clothing tops and shoes for guys?
Where can I buy graphic T-shirts with the latest pop culture references?
What is the dress code at MICA? Are girls allowed or frowned at on wearing skirts and dresses?
What's more important, wearing fashionable clothes or wearing comfortable ones?
How would I dress in early 90's fitness wear if I'm a guy?
Do you find tie clips tasteful or cheesy?
How do you make a 70s outfit?
What are some significant differences among the clothing styles of different generations?
Will a collarless jersey shirt look nice on a not so muscular guy?
Which bra should I wear under a noodle strap backless dress?
Which is the perfect bra size?
Who are the best tie manufacturers?
What do people (women and men) wear on a fancy party or formal ball in your country?
How would I do a mix of heavy metal fashion with casual chic fashion?
What are the best women jeans brands?
Is it wrong to go into a clothes shop just to try on clothes?
Did you face a lot of difficulties when wearing saree at the beginning?
Will every graduate wear a hood?
Which color shirt should a black man wear?
How were clothes made during Shakespeare's time?
What kind of clothes do you like on guys?
Is it possible to sell Indian women’s wear in Pakistan?
Are skinny, high-waisted jeans still in? Almost all of my jeans are skinny and high-waisted but I feel as if I shouldn't be wearing them.
What is a fresh suit?
Where can I find Star Wars T-shirts with quotes online?
How is cork fabric made?
Where can I buy a cheap quality bandage dress in London?
Is a dark brown suit with a white shirt and pink tie a good combination?
Do girls love to wear skirts?
How do I know what overall size I should wear?
Should girls wear kurtis or salwar on a daily basis instead of Western wear?
What are the best websites to find art for my t-shirt business?
How do I start a clothing line with no experience in tailoring?
Do women find men who wear female clothes attractive and approachable as a friend or someone who they would like to be have a friendship with?
What's the best place to find cheap clothing online in India?
Can I wear a leggings at tirumala?
Why are so many people excited about Melania Trump not wearing a headscarf in Saudi Arabia, while in fact no non-Muslim women wear headscarves there?
What makes ideal compression socks for runners?
How do I stop tearing the crotch in my jeans?
Why are some Arab women totally covered in black?
What clothes should I wear for a junior developer interview?
What is "smart casual" dress for men in Europe?
How will The Cartel be a name for an custom made suit?
Is it okay to mix colors like black and tan/brown or black and blue when matching outfits?
Can Genteel (liquid detergent) be used to wash normal clothes (the ones we wear everyday)?
Where can I find a strapless bra that is comfortable? I'm a male but I wear bras and have not found a strapless one that fits well.
How do I mix and accessorize with neon if I wear an all black outfit?
Where can you put affordable stalls in Delhi for customised T-shirts (theme: Bollywood)?
Is it better to wear a body suit or a bikini top/crop top in summer?
Can I wear black pants for the NEET?
Is it worth it to buy clothes in Zaful?
Where can one find Wonder Woman merchandise (t-shirts, mugs, etc.) in Mumbai, India?
Will lehenga salwars suit all types?
What color bottoms should I wear with a white shirt that has a splash of yellow and pink on it?
Is there a dress code at BHU?
Why do many religious Jews wear a white shirt and black pants?
What can I couple with my vests to get a casual look this summer?
What is the importance of targeting a specific market when establishing a clothing business?
I have been wearing hijab for 3 years and I no longer wish to wear it. I wore it because of my mother, what should I do?
Why do girls look hot and beautiful in gym leggings/tights?
Which is the best Australian wholesale clothing distributor?
What do you think about the Cruise/Resort fashion shows this season?
Can anyone help me find fairtrade clothing companies?
What is natural fiber in clothing?
Why do millennial females wear men's clothes (including their fathers’ old jumpers)?
Why do some people feel cold and wear woolen clothes even in the summer?
Why is the cloth of the people from the Tibetan highlands similar to that of the people from the Andes highlands in Bolivia?
Where can I get t-shirts with Star Wars logo?
How can I match neon shoes in winter?
Where can I find cool t-shirts in Mumbai?
Why does a cloth get wet if we put it in water?
For a school mufti day, I've been told sleeveless tops are off-limits. But I only own sleeveless tops. What can I do?
How do I keep my phone inside my shirt or pants pocket?
Is there a store that specializes in clothes for the short and stocky man?
Is there any dress code for GUJCET 2017?
Which colour shirt is suitable for black pants?
How should I wear shorts in the summer?
Does it offend someone who has a traditional style of dress (e.g. Japan's kimono, India's sari) when someone not from that culture wears it?
Where can I buy pants in the United States fitting for a man of height 5'3''?
What lead to the horrible trend of stripped jeans?
What are the absolute most comfortable all-day dress shoes?
With no money limit, what are the best clothes to buy for functionality and style?
What is the best width for double breasted jacket lapels?
When shoulder carrying, should you buy coats a size larger than you typically wear to better hide the gun?
Is it necessary to wear clothes while taking the JEE Advanced?
Just saw the newest episode of the Big Bang theory. What does it mean by "the kid with the two shirts"?
What should I wear while working at Kohls?
What did men and children in ancient India in wear?
What do you need to dye your clothes black?
Why does this young woman wear the same clothes to university almost everyday and orders the same food?
Do you ever wear 2 stoles?
Where can we buy the cheapest branded clothes in India?
Is there a market for women ethnic wear in Thailand?
What colour suits blue eyes?
What shoes do people wear casually before sneakers?
Where can I find a garments wholesaler?
Do girls in New Delhi wear midi?
What clothes do we need to wear during the IIT examination?
What are some hacks to expand a dress that is a little too tight for me?
What type of knickers should I wear with a dress or skirt with pantyhose?
How do I recruit experienced fashion and graphic designer for a apparel company?
What is the best type of underwear for working out?
Why are black robes worn by priests?
What is the penalty for wearing blue jeans in North Korea?
Can I wear men's underwear to the beach for swimming?
Do cheerleaders wear thongs?
How do I keep my uniform wrinkle-free forever?
How do groomsmen dress?
How do I wear this top?
What will look good with a navy blue plazzo?
Which are the best online companies to start an online clothing business?
How can I remove Fevikwik from my jeans?
How come my shoes don’t fit me anymore?
Why do UK weather presenters have such a terrible dress sense?
Are there websites that offer made to measure womens dresses for reasonable prices?
How do I promote a new female clothing online brand with in India with less budget to compete with other major brands?
How can you wash poison ivy out of clothes?
How do you start a lingerie line in today's world?
Is it socially acceptable to wear articles of clothing with fire on them in the summer?
What makes you edgy?
Where could I find a good place for women's casual outerwear and swimwear?
Why is a V-neck shirt considered gay in the Western world?
How many types of petticoat are there for Indian sarees?
Is it normal to wear woman underwear?
What is the best place to buy quality winter clothes in India on a reasonable price?
Where can I get export rejected garments in Chennai, similar to those available in Fashion Street, Mumbai?
How did guys wear the exercise gear like women did during 1990-1991 two years before Grunge?
Where do I find reputable wholesalers with quality clothing for a decent mark up?
What are the smallest dresses worn by actresses?
How do I dress as the red shift for Halloween?
Where can I find a good tailor to alter my blazer/suit in Chennai?
Where/how can I find an activewear apparel manufacturer to start a line that includes my own custom print? What is the best country for this?
What should I wear for the SLS Pune interview? I am a girl.
Why do men in gymnastics wear socks but not women?
What are the best matching colors for a tshirt and shirt combo with shoes?
How hot does it have to be before you go bare chested or wear a bikini?
Is it okay for me to take off the red thread around my waist?
Why do golfers wear brightly coloured/patterned pants?
How do Polo Ralph Lauren jeans fit?
Why do "sanskari/gharelu" females in Hindi TV serials wear jackets/blouses exposing their backs?
Are guys’ hair and clothes important?
What are some colors that suit me when I'm an autumn type?
Is it safe for a man to wear a dress in Wichita Kansas?
Where can I get U.S.-made wholesale clothing for women online?
Which is your favorite male underwear?
What did colonial kids wear?
Why are Levi’s Jeans more costly than other brands? What’s so special about them?
Which kind of dress colors are suitable for a dark-colored guy who has a waist of 28″ and is 5′7″ tall?
Where can you get cheap and cute clothes in Johannesburg, South Africa?
Which is the best Indian e-commerce site for branded cheap clothing to be bought via cash-on-delivery?
What should you do if you want to design a separate style for your club T-shirt?
What are good apparel wholesalers in 1688.com?
What Asian t-shirt size will I need for a 38-39 inch chest?
How does one get clothing made by a factory in China?
Do Jewish women who cover their hair do so around their immediate family? Who would they not do that around?
Can girls wear what ever dress they want after the college hours at Amrita Bangalore?
Why do you think Frost is wearing a robe/cape?
What is branded apparel?
Which type of innerwear is used by men?
What is the best and the cheapest online store to buy gym clothes in the USA?
What is the dress code for Amity admission?
Do you wear a binder? I'm honestly just curious.
What are the best outfits for workout for a female (it would be helpful with images)?
What underwear is suitable to wear under white jeans?
Why does my butt not look good in leggings?
What would a goose wearing a leather jacket look like?
What are equestrian apparel?
What should I wear for my cousin sisters kerala wedding?
What is the best cheap cotton underwear brand?
Is there some dress code for CGC Landran?
What is the difference between golf shirts and polo shirts?
Where can I buy the best plus-size clothing in Australia?
What's the fiber bundle size in fabric laminate?
Which colour waistcoat should I wear with a blue shirt and grey trousers?
Can I wear sweatpants?
How should I dress in a gala in Manhattan? What should we do there?
What should I wear to onboarding at Accenture if the e-mail mentioned business formals?
Do you guys like limited edition shoes and clothes?
How can I have wrinkle free clothes without ironing?
How can I get a medium size top to fit a large person?
Why can't you wear panties during an operation if your surgery is a rhinoplasty?
What is Supreme Clothings official site?
How can I get my sister to buy me women’s underwear?
Donald Duck wears nothing underneath, then why does he wear a towel after coming out of a shower?
How should I wear long waistcoat?
What makeup goes with a blue, traditional Indian wear outfit?
Is socks needed when carding?
What is the meaning of a topnotch dress code?
Do most truckers wear trucker hats (or some kind of hat) or is that just an urban legend?
Would you tell me your bra colour if I asked you?
Have you ever thought of always recognizing your teammates when you look at the t-shirt they're wearing in any crowded place?
What color underwear are you currently wearing?
What colour chinos would look good on brown guys?
Where should I look out for the best range of sarees in Bangalore?
What is the best idea for a startup business lady in hand-loomed garments?
What was your experience when you wore khakis for the first time?
Can a man wear women’s shoes in public?
When a woman wears a shirt that shows off her boobs, how long are you allowed to look?
What is the difference between panties and lingerie?
What dress should we have to wear for workshops in SRM?
Where can I buy good quality clothes for $3-5 in Poland?
Why do people care what they look like? If we all wear the same clothes and the same makeup, eventually we'll all look too similar. So why?
What is a high quality brand for bras?
Where can I get ombre shirts custom made for a decent price in the USA?
Are girls’ or guys’ clothes more comfortable?
What is underwear made out of?
What are Betzalel Shapiro's favorite outfits?
Why do my running pants keep falling down, how can you prevent this?
How should I wear classy vest in spring?
When is the best time to start selling winter/fall clothing?
Do Pakistani girls wear torn jeans?
What are the best sites to buy cloth and shoes for a 22 year old?
Would you wear Peter Quill's (Starlord of Guardians of the Galaxy) leather jacket (the short version in GoG1) in real life?
Which color shoes should I wear with formal black pants?
Which is your favorite male underwear (pics)?
Why would a doctor(?) be wearing her white lab coat and stethoscope outside her office? Saw this yesterday near Vanderbilt University.
Which American department has the most variety police uniform combination allowed (cargo pants, polo, dress shirts, etc)?
Can you make a profit from selling T-shirts?
Can transgender women only wear long skirts and dresses?
Why do women wear revealing clothes and gets angry when people glance at her?
As a Chinese person, it is very hard to understand sentences like, 'It cannot fit too close,' and, 'They will fit a pit as well as better.' What's the trick?
What is a semi formal attire for juniors?
What is a thong?
How should I wear a vest in summer?
Which color of pants will suit light orange shirts?
Which brand of knee sleeve should I buy?
Where do I find the best Timb B's to wear?
How do I classify clothing store items in inventory to different collections and unique items within a collection?
How can I learn fashion designing from home to make my own clothes?
How can I convince my parents to approve of me wearing androgynous clothes?
Do clothes hung out on the line start getting wet again? When does this happen and what causes it?
What are some custom t-shirts kids can make?
Which colour shirt would suit a beige coloured pant?
Is it wrong for men to wear women’s clothes at home?
Why are bras measured in cups?
Where can I source traditional​ saree/kurtas basically​ ethnic Indian wear at low cost in Chennai? Or neighbouring cities?
Why do women's clothing sizes vary so much from brand to brand?
Is it wrong for transgender women to just wear long skirts and long dresses?
Is it okay to wear a navy linen blazer with blue jeans and a white shirt to an Indian wedding in Kolkata during the summer?
What type of track pants should I wear to a gym?
What colour jeans should I pair with a light blue denim shirt and blue denim shoes?
I have a wedding coming up as a maid of honour, what should I wear?
Can I wear hoodies to Christ University?
Why do you mainly find super slim fit trousers in shops, nowadays?
What makes a children's fashion brand high quality?
What hairstyle goes with a spaghetti strap dress with a strappy back?
Why do Indian girls wear white leggings with a kurti with slit? It always reveals the inner, and they should know it. It’s an instant turn-on for boys.
What is the dress code in Delhi AIIMS pics?
Can jeans top be considered as formal dress?
Where do top clothing stores like Gucci manufacture their clothing?
Can I dye jeans in a big bucket?
What are some rules for casual clothing?
How can a woman be strong and free to wear and do what she wants in an Arab community ruled by religion and male relatives that undervalue women’s images?
What is the best party wear outfits for a dark tonned tall skinny guy?
Where can I get hoodies manufactured?
Do any stores in the US carry formal shoes for men that are not made of leather?
What is the best combination colour shirt for a green colour pant?
Where in India do girls wear midi?
What colour jacket, preferably pastel, should I wear with a navy shirt and white chinos?
What is the best cotton for shirts?
Is there a major difference between American shirt sizes and other countries’ shirt sizes?
How come the shorts that girls wear under their skirts and dresses are usually black colored shorts?
If a guy sends me a big package from London to the US and puts 7,000£ in an envelope with clothes, shoes, and a phone, is it a scam?
Where can I buy women's summer shorts?
Why are V-neck T-shirts so popular in fashion nowadays?
What are the chances of success for a t-shirt printing press business?
Where can I find a B2B platform with inexpensive clothes for young women and men?
What color bikinis should I wear to look sexy?
Why do schools not like kids to wear expensive shoes, as they ask kids to not wear those shoes because it lowers other kids’ self-esteem?
Where is the market for first copy watches, clothes, shoes, ladies accessories, and more, in India?
What are some tips you can give to look perfect in Salwar Kameez?
Is it technically ok to wash soft clothes, like handkerchiefs, with a shampoo?
How do you design your own leotards?
Why do women avoid wearing skin-color leggings?
How do I make sure that my strapless bra doesn't constantly slip down?
Which is the best place in Mumbai to buy designer lehengas at throwaway prices?
What are girls’ favourite type of knickers/panties?
What is a dress style?
Why do women wear boy shorts?
Are there any Indian factories that produce prepreg carbon fiber? I need to get my dry cloth impregnated in India.
How do you bleach black clothes?
If I farted, will it stay on my clothes or completely go after some time?
How would I prevent people from stealing so much underwear and socks at a department store?
Where can I get surplus garments in Bellary?
What should I wear blue canvas shoes with?
What face veils are worn by women in ISIL?
Can a straight guy wear a white T-shirt in America?
What kind of fabrics were used to make clothes during the 16th century in Persia?
Where can I find the best pet clothing?
Which are the best men’s clothing stores in India on Instagram?
What is the best push-up men's underwear?
Does Walmart sell cloth pins?
Where can I learn how to make baseball caps?
What colour shirt, tie and pocket square should one wear with a navy blue suit for a wedding?
Where is the best place to recline the grain after altering a pattern for trousers?
What are the chances of success in a t-shirt printing press business?
Should I wear gray slacks with a red blouse for a job interview or red pants and a black blouse and gray sweater?
Where can you buy denim fabric at wholesale rates?
Where can I get Ralph Lauren shirts in Bangalore?
How do you get permanent marker out of clothes that have already gone through the dryer?
What is the blue part of Yurka's clothes from Evolution 2: Far Off Promise?
What colour suits blue jeans?
How do you make dhoti salwar designs?
Why are the hooks of bikinis and bras different?
What is the must-have wardrobe for men?
What should I wear to the 8th grade dance?
What is the best tagline for clothing business?
Where can I find nice, affordable jewelry, cool clothing and make-up?
What are your daily routine problems (ex. like tying your shoe or a pile of clothes stacked on your chair)?
How do I start a garments business in Bangladesh?
How many t-shirts do I need to wear to match the average temperature of the Sahara desert?
What's the school/boarding school in Delhi with a red and grey striped/checked skirt and white shirt?
Which colour shirt would suit a pair of camel-colour pants?
Where can I shop for Jaipuri Raprons and long skirts online?
Do polo shirts look good with sweat pants?
Why did Germans like to wear monocles?
How much water is used in manufacturing of a worsted wool suit?
How do you make a minimalist wardrobe for a woman?
Why do so many male historians on British TV wear a blue cotton shirt and cream chinos?
How do we keep our leather shoes or leather things in good shape?
Why do Indians swim in all of their clothes?
Why does shein.com sell clothes at cheaper rates?
Where can I buy a pink cardigan and pink leggings?
What is the best surfing underwear for men?
Why do so many people in the US wear the American flag as apparel even though the US Flag Code says it shouldn't be worn as an article of clothing?
Why do my shirts always come out of the dryer with the sleeves the wrong side out?
What colour should brown girls wear?
How should I wear long semi transparent cardigan?
Has India sold itself for a pair of jeans?
Why do people choose to wear skinny jeans while a regular fit looks good and feels comfortable?
Why is it called narrow-minded when men tell girls not to wear short skirts in public?
What are some clothing brands for short men?
I have extremely wide shoulders and slim hips/legs. How do I dress proportionately?
Why did Playtex and Gerber quit making adult plastic pants?
Why do women like wearing shiny black patent leather boots?
Why do boys stare at girls wearing shorts but girls not stare at boys wearing shorts?
Which shirt should I wear with a grey and red striped blazer?
Do ladies wear shoes on the gyno table?
Where can I buy vegan t shirts in India?
Why do my parents get mad at me for wearing jeans and a long sleeved shirt instead of pajamas?
What form of outerwear looks good with a dress shirt?
How do I "persuade" stubborn people that you only button the top button of a suit?
When do people buy polo shirts (month)?
Where do Depop sellers get their clothes from?
How do I buy silk fabrics?
How do I get better at dressing?
Where can we get good (preferably, custom-made and not Manyavar) Indian menswear in Bangalore?
What are the competitive edges of RedTag apparel of Dubai?
Are Muslim women bound to only one type of clothing?
Do guys think a plain t-shirt and jeans look cute on a girl?
Which colour of blazer should a groom wear if the bride is wearing bottle green coloured saree?
What clothes are appropriate for a Google internship?
How can I render the uploaded fabric pattern into different parts of shirts?
Where can I find out more about Poppys Apparels?
Do hoodies help with stealth?
Which colours should I use on fabric for hand prints?
What are some good cheerleading practice outfits?
Are girls allowed to wear sleeveless tops for NEET 2017?
What has been the growth of sustainable clothing companies?
Who was the best-dressed person at the Met ball?
What can men wear under boat neck tshirts?
Where is the best place to go to buy good quality urban clothing at wholesale, for a small store?
In which websites can I find custom T-shirts with quotes?
How can you describe the different types of cardigans?
What are the rules for decent dressing?
Do women like men in man thongs?
Which brand of jeans should I buy that will survive an entire semester without a wash?
Where do you buy plus-size lingerie in Australia?
How do I become an apparel manufacturing partner for brands such as Nike, Under Amour, Uniqlo, etc.?
Why can't we wear black coloured clothes in the NEET in 2017?
What is the dress code for women in tirumala?
How should I wear pastel colours in summer?
Is cotton or viscose better for t-shirts?
Where can I find material and ann excellent tailor for a man’s Indo-western outfit in Pune?
Do you ever wear 2 stoles at graduation?
What are some examples of the clothes used during the Industrial Revolution?
What type of colours are used on fabrics for hand printing?
What materials do you need to make a traditional Mexican dress?
What is the best season to buy marriage clothes and usual clothes in Ahmedabad?
What are the differences between a French cuff and a standard cuff?
What kind of shoes should a guy pair with jeans and a casual shirt?
What are some good socks to wear with combat boots?
Can V-neck T-shirts be worn to semi-formal events?
Which organic garments are best to use to make T-shirts?
Which are the various neck designs in women’s dresses?
Has wearing a safety pin stopped much violence against women in Muslim countries? Have the Women's March pink hats done much better?
Can anyone suggest the best domain name for an e-commerce website?
Where can I find NSIT printed t-shirts?
What is the dress code at ANZ Operations and Tech, Bangalore?
How did people wear clothing in Ancient Israel?
What are the best online Indian clothing stores?
In what countries is it more popular to wear brown shoes instead of black ones?
What type of men’s underwear attracts women the most?
Can boys wear stole?
There is a trend that women dressing sexily is purely for themselves: how does that make sense?
Is there a demand for traditional Bangladeshi or Indian clothing in the US?
If you see a man in a coffee shop who is wearing a suit and working on his MacBook, would it be safe to assume that he is an MBA student?
Is it okay to exchange bras sometimes, if my hostel roommate has the same size?
How can you make a Mexican dress?
Can straight pants be worn with a kurta?
What are some reasons for not having to wear a school uniform?
Are their any underground clothing companies that still create Hip Hop style baggy jeans for men?
How do you wash polyester clothes?
How did guys wear neon in the early 90's, before grunge?
Why do people with shirts tie sweaters on their shoulders?
What should a girl wear for an IITs interview?
What's the male equivalent of a sports bra?
Where can we get wholesale clothing in South India?
Where can one buy mom jeans in India?
How do I make my blazer coat?
In June, I want to visit Gangotri and beyond (Gaumukh, etc.). What is some advice about weather, path, food, clothing, etc.?
Are there going to be any changes in dress code with keeping Muslim students in mind and the recent bra incident for NEET 2018?
What are the costs of different fabrics available in the Indian market? What are the highest and the lowest prices of these fabrics?
How much UV, if there is, will be blocked by our common clothing?
Where can I buy the best pants (cotton) in Mysore?
Is it okay for a man to wear his wife’s clothes?
Where is Pakistani clothing manufactured?
Are polo shirts still in style or are they a thing that never goes out of style?
Why do men's shirts have breast pocket on the right side?
Is there a reason why President Trump refuses to close the top button of his suit jacket?
What do you believe is an ideal dress code for a high school environment?
What is the best website to customize and design athletic shirts for resell?
Where is the best place to open a menswear garment store in Ahmedabad?
Which is the best site to buy full-sleeved, full-length gowns in India?
What type of dress should I wear because my height is just 5′?
Where can I find manufacturers for fashion apparels with a very low order?
Where can I get cheap trendy wholesale clothing?
In military boot camp, do the recruits wash and use the same clothes every day?
How do I run a retail clothes business in a successful way?
What can be done to increase the apparel export?
If I am a 32/30 in men's pant sizes, what would I be in women's numeric sizes?
Do you like the smart casual or sporty style?
Where can I get plus size Western dresses in Ahmedabad?
How do I advertise my plus size lingerie website in India?
How do I get the API Hustler t-shirt?
What's the best clothes detergent for doing your laundry at home?
What color can I wear with navy?
Does Azim Premji University have any specific dress code?
Why do corporate people wear suits?
What size is a boy’s large in men’s sizes?
When did people start wearing trousers, and why are they seen as a male attire ?
What are the pros and cons of wearing boyshort style underwear?
Why do women wear a nighty at night?
What reason should I give for wearing a kala dhaga?
Which outfits are best for a lady doctor?
What things should I take care of while purchasing cloth for suit and getting it tailored? My height is 5'10.
What are the tricks present in wearing saree beautifully?
What are the best places to buy trendy clothes in Kolkata?
If you wear tight pants all the time, will it keep you skinny?
Where can I buy quality wholesale men suits?
Do any females like wearing a one-piece swimsuit in the bathtub?
How do you fix the zipper on a pair of pants?
How many t-shirts are sold yearly?
How can I sell high-quality, handmade stoles (ladies’ scarves) in the US?
How does one properly wear a Fedora?
What is the company of bra and panties you are currently wearing?
What measurements do I need to stitch a women's dress shirt that fits her perfectly?
How do I get the perfect formal look?
How do I wear pants and shirt correctly?
How can I get a job as a buyer in the clothing industry? I have lots of experience as an importer in the clothing industry.
How should I wear stripe trend?
If India were to have an official (and traditional) dress code, what would it be?
Why Stalin never wore a necktie? Was it because he did not feel European?
Why do girls find wearing skimpy dress stylish?
What is the easiest way to sew pockets in a skirt?
What should I wear everyday at my MBA college?
When buying a matching cycling jersey, are matching shorts, socks, and gloves necessary when mismatched alternatives are less expensive?
Why is the Indian traditional clothing getting more and more popular?
What is this dress called (Nayantara’s costume in the movie Dora)?
What would men's American Eagle jeans in size 32 waist, 30 long convert to in women's AE jeans?
Why is a cloth placed over a person's face during waterboarding?
Where can I buy leather straps to make a choker?
What clothes should we bring for a European tour in June?
How do you sew adaptive clothing?
Can you make clothing out of vantablack?
How do you differ tailoring and dressmaking?
What would I have dressed like in the early to mid-1990s? I'm a guy.
Does men wearing suits show conformity and lack of imagination?
What color of shorts goes with a navy blue workout shirt?
Where can I buy a knee sleeve?
Can I wear a red t-shirt for the NEET exam in 2017?
Why would an Indian girl wear Lehenga Cholis to her friend’s wedding?
Would it be weird or inappropriate to ask a lady why she does not wear sleeveless tops or blouses?
Where can I get an ethnic Indian wear for my daughter who is 7 months old?
Which color of jeans looks good with a purple shirt?
Where can I get hats and T-shirts like the ones Dan Galpin wears in the Udacity courses?
Why is it that businessmen must wear jackets and ties on the hottest summer days while businesswomen can wear comfortable, loose fitting garments?
Will black cotton straight-fit pants look good with a black polo t-shirt?
Do I have to declare jewelry that I wear when travelling to other countries?
What are some of the dressing tips for big-headed men? I know we should not wear hats which will make the already big heads look bigger.
What’s the percentage of South African consumers’ spending on clothing and shoes?
What is the strangest piece of clothing you own?
Why is drapability required in a fabric?
What are the best ways to stretch leather pants?
What clothing do you recommend for a male teenager with thin legs, weighing 120 pounds (54 kg) and 5.5' tall (170cm)?
What is the most awful dress you have seen?
Have you ever wanted each member of your family to design your own t-shirt to wear together during your picnic?
What makes Forever 21 put extra things on their clothing?
How can you prevent your maternity pants from falling down?
Where can I find plus-size formal wear (women’s)?
Does anyone need clothes?
What is the best way to safely sell and shop around clothing designs to a large scale manufacturer, design company or store?
Should Indian IT services companies abolish outdated policies like formal dress code and compsulsory 9 working hours?
Can I wear sweatpants every day?
Is it harmful if I do not wear sports bra during exercise?
Other than cost-cutting, is there a reason to cut knit fabrics (t-shirt weight etc.) off-grain? Is this for style?
What type of jeans do I wear for short legs?
Do you have pink underwear?
Could Jewish people also wear a necklace with a hand of Fatima on it?
Is setting up a manufacturing unit for branded clothes profitable or is there a more profitable model?
Why do Indian royals wear printed clothing?
What are good tops and pants to wear with olive green sneakers?
Where can I go topless in India?
How would you tell a boyfriend or girlfriend that you like wearing clothing made for the opposite gender?
What are loud ties?
Can a used collar neck be reused by another person?
What are your views on overly expensive clothing shopping sites like alagrand.com?
What kind of garments are you interested in knitting?
Where can I find clothing manufacturers with low MOQs in Malaysia?
Where can old clothes be recycled?
What are some tips for beginner joggers?
Can white and white-passing people wear Bad Brains merchandise?
Is selling clothing online profitable?
Once you had lost weight, what did you do with your old clothes?
How does one dress for 15 degree C weather?
Why do people think women dress for men just because they wear tight clothing or skin-revealing clothing instead of an extra large t-shirt?
Should black leather shoes be shined each day they are worn?
What are some ways to grow your t-shirt business?
Should I wear pocket square with navy blue blazer?
Is it necessary to wear a head scarf while taking ablution?
What types of clothes should I buy for Manali in June?
Can grown men wear baseball caps on backwards without looking like they are trying too hard?
What marketing strategies can I use to drive followers to my clothing line?
How do women feel about their husband/boyfriend wearing their clothes?
I am into wearing womens panties. I’ve been doing this for a while. Why do i like this?
What designed saree blouse suits a person with a plump size?
Among these countries Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar, Vietnam, Bangladesh, India, or China which is cheaper to source infant clothes and accessories?
What is the best clothing brand franchise to start in South India for less than 40 to 50 lakhs?
Are 100% cotton jackets warm?
Why do people have a difficult time getting rid of possessions they no longer use?
Is it ironic that most fashion models are tall given that it's hard for tall people to buy clothes?
How do I gain sales and market my clothing line with a low budget ($100)? I own and run a clothing line and I have my own website for it, through which I have made a few sales.
What is the business mode of the wholesale apparel business in the USA?
What would you do if you had the hiding hat (a hat makes you vanish)?
Where can I get casual socks in Sydney?
What color corsage goes with an ice blue prom dress?
What are clothes dyes made from?
How are thermal shirts made?
If your school had a Polo Shirt uniform but you could wear whatever bottoms you want what outfit would you wear?
What organic apparel online store could you recommend?
What materials do you need to make your own underwear?
What clothing brand makes durable clothes?
Why don't girls in Western countries wear bras as often as those in the East?
Why do some people love wearing jeans?
Is wearing a watch out of style?
Who wears tights with steel cap boots either to work or casually?
Do women get turned on by wearing a pantyhose?
What are some good places in Mumbai and Dadar to buy clothing (suits and jeans) at a cheap rate?
Why do some people prefer to wear woolen clothes even in the summer?
Can I wear a navy blue top to the NEET 2017?
What shoes should I buy to wear every day?
Why can't men wear bikini?
Why do woman wear thongs underneath theater workout clothes?
Where is the wholesale market for branded clothes in Bangalore for men?
What hijab can I wear with a white blouse?
Are there any maxi skirts that don't have a giant slit?
What company offers wholesale T-shirts at affordable prices? I am mainly looking for Clemson and Gamecocks sports brands?
Which is the best wholesale market in Surat for ladies western wear?
Is there men’s underwear that can be used for both sports and leisure?
What are some opinions on the compulsory wearing of formal attire in Indian tech companies?
Nowadays, is it common among males to wear a bra?
Do women usually find it offensive if a random guy asks them about their outfit?
What are your favorite suit colors for spring time?
Are there international apparel brands present in Japan and do they sell European sizes?
Where in the world I can find the place where people remain without clothes to see girls?
Which country has the greenest clothing industry?
Does it really matter what you wear or just as long as you are comfortable?
What is bio-wash fabric?
How would life be different if humans never started wearing clothes?
What are some cool outfit ideas to wear to a club?
What clothes should people with gynecomastia wear?
What is a good name for a clothing line?
What's wrong with a knee length brown leather a-line skirt to a job interview?
What materials should I wear in the spring/summer periods?
Where in the world can I buy wholesale blank T-shirts in different colours that have a good balance between quality and price?
What type of shoes is preferable for hot summer weather?
Will opening a fashion house in Canada for new Indian immigrant be benefiting?
What is the easiest way to make a traditional Mexican dress?
What is the difference between handloom and readymade garments?
Can we wear full sleeves during the JEE Advanced?
What color boots and jeans should I wear with a silver top?
Do girls like men in underwear?
Why does a woman wear a thong?
What's your favorite online women's clothing store?
What is the difference between apparel and garment?
What is the perfect dress, suit, blazer or full dress up for my brother’s marriage in this hot summer?
What are stock clothing?
Why do males and females dress differently?
What is the correct way to put on button suspenders?
British mayors wear a chain of office. What does it represent and what are the origins?
Which color of pants is suitable with a green shirt?
Which is your favorite Earring styles to wear occasionaly?
Why does cricketer Rohit Sharma wear kajal?
A trademark says "clothing, namely, shirts and caps for sporting wear". Is it "all" for sporting wear or only "caps" for sporting wear?
Can I wear a half-sleeve t-shirt to NEET 2017?
Can I use branded jeans in a commercial?
What design/features would women would like to have in Yoga wear?
Where in Europe can I buy a tencel fabric that incorporates some lycra?
Can girls studying at CMC Vellore wear clothes of their choice or are there rules?
Where can one buy a genuine "Ashes Series" Tie (navy blue colour with stripes and golden urns)?
Are you looking for some unique T-shirts?
Are sleeveless t-shirts comfortable during summer season?
Which substance gives a shine to shoes and leather?
Has the fact that you don't wear underwear ever presented a problem or resulted in an uncomfortable situation at work?
Are 'boyfriend' cut jeans actually similar to men's jeans?
Should overweight people pay more for their clothes?
Will people notice if I change my clothes?
How do I sew an accordion stretch panel, does the elastic have to be pre-stretched?
What type of bra is best for wearing to work? I'd be in skirt and blouse or a dress.
To what extent does your dressing style make an impact in your personal and professional life?
Is wearing the Whistling Woods t-shirt compulsory all the time?
Where can I buy shirting fabrics in wholesale prices in Surat?
Where can I get good design faux leather bags by wholesale in India?
Which are the good budget bikers jackets in India?
Is wearing white pants gay?
What is the best way to transport clothing from India to Europe and how to make agreements when starting up a business?
What should I do if I sweat a lot and I always have to dress in heavy attire and makeup even at home?
Are high knee socks cute with short shorts?
Can I wear a simple long skirt with golden lace to the NEET exam?
How many people have actually used online virtual fitting rooms?
How can I wear animal print?
This Friday my best friend is coming. I want to design a couple t-shirts for us. Can you tell me some suggestions?
Should I get a kinesiology degree to start a clothing line?
Who are some suppliers of trendy plus-size dresses in Australia?
What is the dress at FIITJEE?
How should I dress up for twin day at school?
Why do some of the umpires wear red shirts and some of the umpires wear black shirts in IPL 2017?
Can I get a Quora shirt and hoodie from Quora?
What does Gordon Miller think about buying expensive brand clothes?
How long is a servicemen allowed to wear his uniform once he gets his honorable discharge?
Why are girls wear thongs but guy do not?
How do I get buyers for exporting leather gloves?
What are the shoes called which we wear with dresses?
What are the best three brands for men's footwear?
Where can I get boyfriend jeans in Chandigarh?
What is the normal behaviour of a ladies’ tailor toward girls?
How can I be brave enough to swim without a shirt on, only shorts?
For a military veteran wearing full formal kilt at a black-tie event, is it appropriate to wear military medals and devices?
Which of the following is more appealing - "Buy two shirts and get 500 Rs off each shirt" or "Buy two shirts and get 1000 Rs off the total amount"? Why?
Where can I buy women rapron in India?
How do I build a smart mirror where you can try on clothes virtually?
In how many ways can you wear chef coats?
How do I find some real buyers who are looking for plain or dyed satin fabric?
How I can start a store for kids wear at Dubai?
Where can I purchase jeans wholesale?
Is it okay to wear the Yuri Plisetsky blue cosplay jacket in the US?
Will other clothing companies make male rompers?
How can we do effective marketing in an urban area for a cloth shop?
It is over 22 Celsius outside but I want to wear a skirt and some sandal-like shoes. Is it ok?
Can I combine double cuff shirts with chinos?
Do you think it’s weird to wear cycling clothes?
For summer time, what would working women wear under their work clothes (i.e. Underneath work dresses or suits)?
What size do you think is plus size and what size should plus size models start at?
What are the different types of jeans from Peter England?
What do I wear with brown linen pants?
Why is polyester not suitable for summer wear?
Which style of dress would look good on a fat yet pretty girl?
Can I go to any website to design my own club t-shirt?
What are the best ways to iron linen pants?
How can I turn my dupatta into a classy shrug?
What is the detail chain of getting branded clothes (designing, manufacturing outsource, buying it back etc.)?
Which Indian celebrities have suffered from wardrobe malfunctions?
Is it environmentally friendly to buy used clothes from far away countries (considering the carbon footprint of the shipping)?
What are the measures taken to handle delicate fabrics from cut to pack?
What is acceptable dress code for a navy ball?
How can I become a dress designer?
Where can I donate clothes to needy people in Vimannagar, Pune?
Which colour of jeans goes with a denim shirt?
What's the best way to find new clothes I like?
What are some of the best cat outfits you have seen?
Do clothes in China say "made around the corner" or something?
Why do we wear clothes while other species don`t?
What are the top products in the female workwear sector?
Is it legal in the UK to enforce men to wear long smart trousers for work when women can wear skirts and dresses?
Why is a school considered a formal organisation?
Do you think humans will ever stop wearing clothes?
What are underwear elastic bands made of?
What should you wear to a 25th class reunion?
What should be the latest dress for girls?
What is my bra size if my band size is 32 and my cup size is 36?
Have children been harmed in polyester fabric?
What's more appealing in a clothing store, items hung up, or items folded?
Where I can get some nice suits in Hyderabad? Which market is good for shopping?
Can men wear mini skirts and white stockings?
Why the hell are people so supportive of women dressing provocatively?
What is a realistic amount of money for a stylish and working professional woman to spend on clothing in a year?
What are the things that needs to be taken care of before approaching a garment manufacturer for a home based garment start up?
Is wearing a Chinese jacket cultural appropriation?
What should you wear to a 40th class reunion?
Which colour top would look best with an off-white coloured Palazzo?
What are some stores that specialize in petite clothing?
In hot countries, why do Orthodox priests and Muslim women in burkas wear black, as that only makes the heat load worse?
What do you do when you don’t like your boyfriend's dress sense?
Why does the skin of your finger shrink when you wash clothes for a long time?
What do you think about a solo traveler who wears a hijab?
What are the courses available in the field of smart clothing?
Why should Muslim women wear black burqas even in the hot summer while men can dress in white kurta pyjamas which are way more comfortable?
What does a department store/clothing buyer mean when they say they are chasing inventory right now?
Are kurtis eating into the sales of unstitched suits?
What type of casual shoes would go best with a white printed shirt and dark green trousers?
What is the most unique apparel packaging idea?
What can I wear apart from a sweater/cardigan to cover up this summer?
Where can I donate used clothes (in good condition) in Dombivli?
Which is the best place in India to buy ladies clothes in wholesale?
Are you supposed to change clothes between your different acting headshots taken?
How do I promote my wholesale shirt business and increase my earnings?
Is a tie suppose to swing?
What is a 9.5" rise in jeans called?
Are there any benefits to a tracksuit compared with jeans?
Can I wear a full-sleeve t-shirt to the IIT Advanced 2017?
Can you use dryer sheets when drying baby clothes?
Do you think headgear is cool?
What if our military reconnaissance people wore ninja suits?
Do the dyes in the clothes that Harajuku girls wear have a fluorescent quality?
What are better shoes to wear to a street fight, Converse or Nike Free Runs?
When were waistcoats first worn by women in the American West?
What should I wear to a formal dinner?
Why do clothes become electrified?
Is it to you to wear clothes that are comfortable?
What are some innovative ideas in textile/apparel sector that could create more employment opportunities?
Where can I find cheap clothing?
What is a good color/pattern tie to pair with a solid white dress shirt?
Would you ask a boy to take off his shirt?
Why does so much lint collect in my dryer but my clothes don't get smaller?
Is Highlander a good clothing brand?
Is there a dress code for entering a police station?
What is the name of the cloth which is used in a boiler FD fan?
Why do Muslim women and girls always wear long-sleeved t-shirts and pants?
Where can I buy a cheap football shirt in Mumbai?
Why do more women wear glasses, compared to men?
Why can't we wear trousers to school?
How can I find a manufacturer that can help me make samples and doesn’t need a huge minimum order for my clothing line?
Where can I buy cheap shirts in bulk?
Can I wear a white and sky blue floral tunic for the NEET exam?
Where can you get cute clothes cheaply?
Why do some Muslim men maintain a dangerous look? Why can't they simply dress and groom well?
What are some of the various styles to wear a scarf?
Is there any place where I can get a nice leather jacket for a decent price?
Why are prisoners in the US given orange as their dress code? Why can't they be in other, different colours?
Which is a suitable dress for Parties and Ceremonies?
Were tricorne hats worn in the 1860s? I know they were out of fashion then, but does that mean no one wore them?
Is there a dress code for cosmetic technology in R.C. Patil?
What is the best place to buy the latest designs of necklaces for a traditional outfit in the US?
What is Celanese fabric?
What do you think about designing your own custom T-shirt for your daughter or son's graduation day?
What type of dress suits should be worn in summer?
What jeans to wear with a blue blazer?
How can you make black underwear?
What are examples of vintage items?
What are modern men's underwear?
What are some cute matching brother and sister outfits?
What site would you recommend for buying men's knee high argyle/striped socks?
witch is the best city in India for clothing business?
What do you mean by resort wear collection?
Why should we not wear polyester clothes while working in a laboratory?
What are some common applications for Celanese fabric?
Will males wearing short shorts come Back in style?
What kind of pants would look good with a light pink t shirt?
How should I wear white maxi skirt?
Is men's size 43 and women's size 43 the same?
Where can I buy real vintage clothing online apart from eBay?
Why do men wear collars?
What do valkyries wear?
Is there any uniform or dress code at NMIT in Bangalore (especially for girls)?
What are the best live chat websites for asking anything, such as food, clothes, education, etc.?
How did wearing short clothes become power symbol for one gender?
what purpose does a revealing dress serves a woman?
Why doesn't J. Cole dress the same way he did when he first came out, with the flashy jewelry and clothes?
What are some specific dressing tips for overweight men? I know some, like the fact that you shouldn't wear t-shirts with horizontal stripes, but I’m looking for more.
What are the best marketplaces to sell clothes?
Where and how do I get more clients for my children knit clothing business in Thailand?
What is the best brands for women tank top?
How much would a Vantablack shirt cost?
How cheap is it to make a t-shirt in Bangladesh?
What is the best under shirt to wear during the summer?
Can a lighter left in a jeans pocket in a crowded hamper be triggered and the butane cause the ink from the jeans' die to bleed onto clothes pressed against the pocket/lighter?
Are white Converse still in style?
What is a good pattern or project to practice sewing satin fabric?
Why do the sizes of clothes vary between brands?
What bra should I give as a gift to my wife?
Why have short shorts and swimwear for men become popular again?
How do I print a GIF on a T-shirt?
What are sophisticated clothing stores?
Where can I get a garment label manufacturer in India?
What types of clothes should I take on a trip to Shimla in June?
When women have on dresses, how do they know the dress is going to blow up?
Does everyone enjoy wearing nylon hosiery?
Where may I find beautiful Indian kurtis for sale?
What are some dressing tips to look attractive?
How do you combine accessories with a yellow dress?
How come guys at the gym can see through a woman’s workout clothes if she’s wearing a thong?
How did wearing a cap backwards get started?
Is it wrong for doctors to use the white coat? They do carry pathogens, but is the scene same everywhere?
How do you customize you shirt in Roblox?
Is it good to wear casual clothes at work or a uniform?
Where in LA can I have t-shirts manufactured?
Why do ladies’ jeans have a smaller zipper than men’s?
Should I wear formal or go with casual while attending an mtech admission test in IIT Delhi?
Which colour blazer matches a deep pink top?
What were some early 90's shorts for men?
What are some workout trendy outfits for summers?
Which are the best and stylish Kurti manufacturers in Amar Colony, Delhi?
Where can I get trendy as well as casual shorts for running?
What type of dress would suit a tall fat girl with a large lower back?
Can a feminine sissy male wear a skirt and blouse for a mainstream job interview?
Do feminists support the idea of guys being allowed to wear short-shorts with their parts half hanging out?
Where can we use a leather jacket?
Why do my feet swell after wearing shoes the whole day?
What shirt or T-shirt should I wear with black straight-fit cotton pants in the summer (guy)?
What should be a unique Brand name for women's clothing?
What is the perfect outfit for the beach season?
How can I take suggestions for clothes about whether it looks good or not?
What is the name of the colorful cloth strings with puffy balls and flowers that dangle from the elbows and wrists of the Rajasthani dancers?
Why do so many men and women wear military uniforms to places such as grocery outlets, schools, etc.?
Are there any windows in structures made with concreate cloth?
What fabrics are durable and easy to clean with LoveSac sactionals?
What do young Iranians wear in their everyday life?
What style of crop top would suit a white chiffon skirt? (See the image in description for an idea.)
Why does Indian fabric, or Indian clothing, have color bleeding?
Why is the NEET dress code far more strict than the JEE Mains dress code?
Does using many pins while wearing a saree make a woman look beautiful?
Why do people shop online for clothing? Is it not easier to walk into a store, try it on, and then buy it?
Is it really rude to wear a hat indoors?
Are there any clothing and textile or fashion designing courses in Spain for Bangladeshi?
Where can I find a nice three-piece suit?
Why does it feel weird to put on pants first then socks? What percentage of the population does this?
What should I wear for my interview at IIHR?
Why do guys stare at the gaps of women's pants?
Why do we wear sweatpants in the gym?
I want to start my own clothing brand, but I can't design. Do you have any advices?
Why do adults always seem to question ripped jeans?
What do you mean by degrees of wear?
What is a good top or T-shirt for a red-and-black pair of check rough jeans?
What are some specific dressing tips for overweight men?
What shirt, shoes, and trousers should I wear with a lavender blazer?
How and when did sleeved dresses, extending below the knees and with narrowed waists and singular color schemes, go out of style in the US?
Does black cloth absorb more water?
Which is the best and cheapest place in Pune to buy hiking clothing?
What can a person be called if it wear specs?
Why is wearing less clothes by celebrities is considered as a fashion statement?
How will Amazon disrupt the apparel retail industry?
Is it good to wear a black dress in summer?
Is it possible to create a clothing line with only $1,000?
During BUD/S training, are you allowed to wear compression shorts, or do you have a required undergarment supplied to you?
What color shirt goes with orange pants?
How much money is needed to open a branch of H&M or Forever 21?
Is it OK to wear just a dress shirt and tie with no jacket?
Where can I get free summer clothing that looks good?
Can I wear shorts (knee-length) to NEET 2017?
Why wear push-up bras?
Why do people who wear a hijab always wear the same style even though I have seen many different styles?
How can I find some books/albums about abstract clothes/fashion?
Should I wear a pocket square?
Do cargo pants look good on skinny girls?
What are some well-regarded American makers of men's custom shoes?
What whould I wear in a friend's sister wedding?
We are both well dressed. She has 3 layers and I have 2 layers of clothes. Is there any possibility for semen to enter into her vagina through these cloth?
Where can I get summer women's clothing online?
Where can I buy Dhoti pants - online or in Hyderabad?
Do we have any apps in India to sell used clothes?
For a man who has no interest in fashion but still wants to look good, what are the best options without breaking the bank?
Did your school staff scold you for wearing short skirts or was it fine?
What's your favorite, most desired football kit that you believe is the most detailed, colourful and beautiful looking?
What is the necessity of a random blouse test?
What's the best fabric for tailoring a barrister's robe?
What color panties are you currently wearing?
How does the water on washed clothes evaporate?
Why do my clothes shrink when I get them back from the laundry, and how do I avoid this?
What is the dress code of Grand Medical Dollege Mumbai?
What is a good online place to sell cycling clothing and footwear in the UK?
Is my boyfriend obliged to share his jacket when it's cold and I forgot to bring my own jacket?
What type of dress and heels should I wear to ladies’ day at a horse racing event?
What sort of difficulties did you face when you were new to wearing saree?
How can you make togas out of fabric?
Where should I buy branded sports branded clothes for cheap rates in Dhaka?
How to dress in dieselpunk style?
Why do girls wear jeans?
Why aren’t fielders allowed to wear gloves?
Which cloth do girls remove first before a bath, a jeans or a top?
What color goes well with a red fabric sofa?
If the world was created again, what are the chances that a suit and tie would be considered formal clothing?
Why do Indians look down upon a Westerner who is wearing jeans/shorts in public?
Which is the best brand of men’s shirts - Gas or Diesel?
Are all of the clothes online at Forever 21 in the store?
What clothes do women wear in China?
Where can I find plus size shirts in Mumbai?
Are there any cute clothing stores out there that sell modest clothes?
Is it normal to be attracted towards the visible bra straps of a female?
What should one wear to attend IIT mtech counselling? Is it really necessary to wear formals or go with casual?
Where can I buy a Yoda themed t-shirt?
How would I dress in fashion from 1991 and 1996 if I'm a guy?
Can one wear a tight shirt instead of a bra?
Which is the best tailoring software?
What are the best garment manufactoring companies in Africa?
Why is there not underwear made for men that are like women's panties?
Can someone lay all the fundamentals of clothing and style for men?
What do you think of the Met Gala 2017 outfits?
Could someone please rank the major UK fashion retailers from high end to low for someone who has recently arrived?
Can you wear your own clothes in prison?
How much does it take to set up a factory for making clothes in India?
Do Arab men wear thong underwear?
Where can I buy baggy jeans in India for men?
What do you think of people wearing unbuttoned shirts with a T-shirt underneath?
Why can Indian girls not wear Western outfits after marriage?
What lingerie should I wear under my dress when I meet this guy at his place on Wednesday? Pics would help.
Can sleeveless shirts be worn for NEET 2017?
Why does my sweat leave yellow stains on my shirt?
As a tall women, how do I dress better?
If you could have any words written on your shirt, what would they be?
What are the best places where I can buy clothes for fat people?
Who are some women that regularly go braless?
Can I wear a 3/4 sleeve kurta or a t-shirt when I go to take the NEET examination?
What are the problems which arise in denim fabric?
Where can I find Star Wars glow in the dark T-shirts online?
What colors look good with grey pants?
What is the dress code for MBA students at Sri Ramachandra University (especially for girls)?
How do I manage a production factory (t-shirt) that is big with two or three branches of they are in different places?
Where can I sell my old clothes in Delhi?
What colour T-shirt would go well with gray trousers?
Where can I donate clothes, food and useful products?
How can you remove foundation from your clothes?
How do English boys dress?
Is there still a dress code in NIT Trichy for girls in 2017 (official or unofficial)?
Where can I find patterns for Levis vintage denim jackets?
What lipstick should I wear with a yellowish light sand color blouse?
What materials do you need to make different kinds of jeans?
How do sauna suits work?
Can you wear clothing that isn't for your gender at work (if you don't need a special type of clothing like a scrub or something)?
What sizes should I offer for a startup clothing line?
Is it worth paying dearly for designer clothes?
What should I tell a five year old child when he asks,"Why is Uncle Paul wearing a dress?"
What clothing fashion is trending now?
Why do my socks always fall down?
What happens to an actor's costumed underwear (underwear made by the costume designers from the wardrobe for the actor's scene) after it's been worn?
What clothes should I buy for college?
Do you remember the details of the clothes you wear in a dream (because I don’t)?
Which brand of active sports wear do you like?
Is it annoying/wrong that I sometimes dress very punk rock and sometimes dress feminine chic (think clothing stores like Zara)?
Do woman like men who wear panties?
What causes cross-dressing?
Which kind of clothes do you like on the opposite gender and why?
Where can I find Muslim clothes in Gaborone?
Can I wear a t-shirt and black half pants to the NEET UG exam?
Why should one not wear a black shirt for an SSB interview? Does wearing black reflect something negative in accordance to the army or OLQs?
In what video did Markiplier first wear the warfstache?
How did you train yourself to wear saree?
How much does it cost to make tshirts of the quality like Lacoste and Ralph Lauren with the same fabric they use?
Who makes the best men’s sleepwear?
How can I suppress my urge to wear women's clothing?
Are there alternatives to wearing a bra while maintaining decency at the same time for a slim but heavy chested woman?
How does detergent powder clean clothes?
Is it okay to wear Indian saree for my graduation in USA?
Can I wear cream trouser with black blazer?
Why do they only make sweater pill shavers with battery power? Why can't you buy a sweater pill shaver that has a cord that plugs into the wall?
Can males wear female track shorts?
Where can I find Guardians’ characters T-shirts online?
Is there any long-sleeve fashion for men besides shirts and winter clothes?
If I am a 28x30 men's size for a pair of jeans, what size would I be for women's?
Which is better for running, ankle socks, quarter socks, crew socks, or knee-high socks?
Where can I find a stylish winter coat in South Africa?
Should women be allowed to wear white, especially white dresses, if they're not virgins?
How I get orders for clothing designs on Fiverr?
How do I wear jeans?
Can u name some Good handbag brand within 4000 range?
Other than the formal black and white combination, which colour combinations would go well for formal attire for women?
What colors match with brown pants?
After a trip to Dubai I noticed the majority of women dressed in black and the majority of men dressed in white. Why is this?
How do garments factories ship their goods abroad?
What is the best place to shop fashion apparels for men in Chennai?
Do silk cotton sarees contain silk?
Is mink oil good for leather shoes?
Why do people find ripped jeans so fashionable?
What kind of clothing do geniuses wear?
Do the billionaires of the world use their clothes & other wearable things more than one time or destroy them?
Do you know of wholesalers who allow you to sell items like Asian clothing on credit terms?
Where can I get inexpensive party wear shoulder dusters online in India?
What is the best place to buy maths/physics T-shirts?
Do you wear slippers at home?
How do I create my own clothing brand?
Do girls wear skirts in Sikkim?
Can we wear a kurti and a palazzo in Christ College, Bengaluru?
How can I check the brand in clothes?
Is it normal to notice somebody's bra visible from her top, the color or the floral design? Does that happen with all bras?
Can I wear sweats to my work?
What is this trend called where you button a denim shirt all the way up to the top, and how can you pull it off?
What are some best dressing hacks for men?
Why do the economists wear bow ties?
Where are Monica Geller’s clothes from?
Is it normal to see if women's panty-lines are visible through their pants?
Why is Dhoni wearing full sleeves jersey since last 3 matches?
Have you ever been attacked or shot while wearing clothing by Miguel Caballero?
Is wearing cologne to bed normal?
Why do crows follow me when I wear all black?
What clothes are good for my daughter's wedding?
Why do people wear jeans (denim) while walking or jogging?
What are the latest brand of men's and women's outfit?
Where can I find Indian exporters who deal in women’s ethnic wear?
What is Shraddha Kapoor wearing on the February 2017 Cosmopolitan cover? Is it underwear, briefs or shorts?
Why are there male sellers in a shop of bras and panties?
Can I wear a cream coloured, long kurti with patches for the NEET?
Where is the place to help you create unique and stylish custom T-shirts for your team?
Which colour formal shirt looks good for black pant other than blue?
What type of clothes should I take for a holiday in Palampur and Dharamshala on the last few days of May?
How can clothes be fashionable and regarded as beautiful one season, and then suddenly be considered unfashionable and ugly the next?
Do they really wash the dirty clothes in cleaning detergent ads, do they use new ones, or do they shoot the scenes with the dress before it got dirty?
Are you tired of tucking your shirt over and over?
Is there a spandex-like fabric that is also non-rippable and anti-abrasion?
Is there an alternative to dresses on formal parties?
How do you style acid wash jeans?
What drives people and engage to spend money on clothing for sport?
How should I wear a Breton top in the summer?
What is my bra size if my band is 39 and cup size 41?
Can I get fired for not coming to the office in formal clothes?
Which proper opaque clothes/fabrics are so thin and light that they make you feel like you’re not wearing anything?
What's the best cheapest website to ombre custom Tshirts shirts?
Deleted question
What sort of dresses should I wear if I'm 5ft10 and size 16/18?
What do you think about the NEET exam dress code atrocity in Kerala?
What color of shirt and tie should one wear with a black suit?
What did the T-shirts look like for the casual chic look during the late 90's?
What are some websites that sell cute fairy kei clothes?
Why does a woman wear a thong? Can a guy see it?
Where can I get popular song names printed on t-shirts?
What are good names for my subscription men's clothing startup?
What are some outfit ideas for a glow party?
Would you notice a guy wearing pantyhose in public?
In Project Runway, why do they say “pant” instead of “pants”?
Where can you find trendy clothes in Hyderabad?
How do males tan since most men wear boardshorts?
What does it mean when a guy offers you his t-shirt?
What should you do to sell branded intact clothes in small quantities?
What kind of men's shirt might look good with this ivory/navy sakura tie?
How do I compile different colours of shirts and trousers for office and church outfits?
Is it old-fashioned to wear a gold-plated watch being a teenager?
Are people overreacting to Beyonce dressing up as a goddess?
I'm planning to wear a kurti for NEET with polka dots on it. Is it acceptable?
What's your favourite foot wear and why?
Where can I find clothing that combines a modern look with foreign culture?
How would I spoof shorts, t-shirt and trainer sneakers to the early to mid 90s vibe?
Which type of innerwear are perfect for boys?
Why don't my developers want to wear handsome suits and stately business dresses to work?
Where can I get an "I am Groot" t-shirt online?
Why "Sari" attire in India is considered decent than ladies suits?
Which color shoes should I wear with black pants?
Why do what type of shoes you wear in society today matter? Not only shoes, but why do hairstyles, clothes, etc., also matter?
What do the unpopular kids in your country dress like?
Can I wear leggings and tops along with a chunni in Sathyabama University, or only a Punjabi dress?
In which countries do women wear saris?
How can I wear Vans high-tops?
What are some smart but casual shoes I can wear everyday?
Besides a "crop top", what is another name for a shirt that consists only of long sleeves and fabric joining them in the back?
How do you fit someone for medical grade knee high and thigh high compression socks?
Where can I advertise in India for plus size lingerie?
Do you button the jacket if you have a vest under it?
What are the attributes that should be mentioned when it comes to buying clothing, shoes, bags, accessories and beauty products online?
What is your opinion on girls that wear too much make up?
Is there a way to find this 59Fifty NY hat in different sizes online?
At what age do girls start wearing purses?
What do actresses do with their clothes after using them in a movie?
How can I find replica leather jackets?
What are the top 10 clothing brands for teenagers?
Is it weird that I find human prudishness with regards to clothes baffling?
Do old wiped yogurt stains on shirts present a risk of bad poisonous bacterial growth?
Which foreign clothing brands are cheaper in Singapore than in India?
What are the benefits of dressing up when going to the airport?
How many consecutive days is it socially acceptable to wear yoga pants in San Francisco?
Are there any sites giving away new clothing for free?
What is the fool-proof formula for dressing well as a woman today?
Are there any Islamic countries where women are free to wear Western dress, i.e. skirt?
Will Eric Wang ever grow out of his clothes?
What is the dress code for the GDPI at IIHM?
What is a tunic shirt?
How can I make arm socks?
How do you know if someone is cutting themselves again when they don't show their arms wear long jumpers and tops?
As seasons change from winter to summer and then MN to rains, which clothes would you choose?
Where can I get shoes that were worn by models on Beth Ditto's website?
What are the benefits of using natural fibers in clothing?
Who are some reputable garment manufacturers in Asia/Europe?
Which shirt collar works best with a bow tie?
Why do so many atheists' avatars wear hats?
If a woman’s waistline is big, then what kind of dresses does the woman wear?
Is a salwar suit suitable for wearing in the NEET exam?
What should I (boy - 19) wear to my cousin’s wedding and to the engagement function in India which is in summer (May-June)? See details.
What company makes yellow male underwear?
What kind of dresses would suit tall and broad-shouldered girls?
What Are The best Western dresses for tall and Stylish Look?
Do you wear gym clothes out and about?
If someone wore a jacket all day everyday, could their body adapt to it and slightly dependent on the jacket to keep a normal body temperature?
What are the best lines to write on a Girls's T shirt?
Why do my blue jeans seem to absorb more heat from the sun than my black jeans?
From where can I buy brand name and designer clothes in India at wholesale?
What do Amazon do of the clothes returned by the customer?
Why do employees love to wear promotional apparel?
Why do clothes smell if not dried properly?
Why do cashiers at clothing stores add another bar code sticker to clothes labels even after they have scanned the item?
Which color of pants and shirt will suit a dark blue casual blazer?
When clothing stores have store-wide sales, is it because they plan on having brand new inventory coming in?
What should an Indian women’s wear brand consist of?
Which men's clothing brands use the highest quality materials and the best stitching?
Who would want a free trial of plus-sized work clothing and sleepwear?
When are polyester clothes worn?
Does it feel awkward when you wear transparent blouse in public which shows your bra back clearly?
Which is the best market for college students​ in Delhi to buy clothes​?
What are some beaches in the US where clothing is optional?
Is it true that wearing Rupa underwear is against Islam? Why?
Should I wear leggings instead of shorts when I workout?
What are some unique shirts designs for men?
How do I add variations to a product in WooCommerce, for example, if a customer wants to order an XL sized t-shirt?
What type and color of footwear goes well with a black kurta, pyjama, and a beige/cream Nehru jacket?
What's the easiest way to find a factory to print T-shirts?
Is it really important to wear a hat in the sun while running?
What are the low-budget startups in the ready-made garment sector?
Where do I find direct buyers from Europe to export knitted, ready-to-wear garments in bulk quantities?
What are the best jackets for both cold and rain?
Where should I visit in Bangalore for wholesalers of men’s clothing?
How would guys have worn the early 90's colorful outfits before Grunge?
Why do women wear thongs underneath their workout clothes?
You are to spend a month on a deserted island. In addition to clothes and provisions, you are allowed to bring four other items. What do you bring?
Can girls wear cut sleeve top?
Why are women's robes shorter than men's (above the knee)?
How do I know how much fabric to cut to take in trousers? The pattern I am using has too much fabric in the legs. Is there a formula?
Why do girls wear capri yoga pants?
Are tops with dark sheer sleeves more comfortable during the summer than sleeveless tops?
Does my dressing convey my psychological state?
Where should I go, in the wholesale market, to buy good quality western dresses at a low price for my newly set up boutique?
What is the dress code for a Christian girl?
How do I find someone to make bow ties in Montreal?
How did Dita Von Teese get such a tiny waist? Did corset wearing really do that?
My sons do not allow me to wear skirts. What should I do?
Why do people wear a new dress when going to a movie?
What are your favourite inexpensive dress shirts?
What is the best and cheapest place to buy clothes in Istanbul?
To teenagers often wear shorts throughout the winter?
Where are the best ethnicwear dress shops in Bangalore to buy a birthday dress for a 1-year-old baby boy?
How do I wear bike shorts if I want to wear loose shorts over them?
Which is the more efficient way to dry a towel on a clothes line, horizontally or vertically?
What are the best t-shirt packages that you have ever seen?
What is the difference between pantyhose and tights?
What is the dress code at ANZ Operations & Tech, Bangalore?
What math/physics equation would look cool on a shirt?
If burqa-wearing Muslim women continuously see Western clothes-wearing girls, then why don't they also wear them if they like such beautiful clothing?
Why can my fat male neighbor with boobs walk down the street with no shirt on but I, a woman, can't?
What is the dress code in PSG iTech?
Would girls stare at a man's penis if he wore revealing pants?
What is the tuxedo jacket that is cropped in the front and back called? Is it okay to wear them to any event?
Which city is better for apparel opportunities, Bangalore or Indore?
Which is the best type of ironing/pressing of clothes, steam ironing or dry ironing?
Is it too late to launch a clothing brand and build manufacturing facility in Asia a year later?
Where in Kolkata should I go if I want to buy a designer net/chiffon/georgette saree for an affordable price?
Is there any scientific reason for Muslims to wear a sherwani and a topi?
Why is it normal for females to wear male clothing, yet frowned upon for males to wear female clothing?
What kind of attire should I wear for my BBA entrance interview?
What color pants goes well with a white shirt for men?
What purpose does a cleavage-revealing dress serve a girl if it’s not about comfort, like shorts compared to jeans?
Why are leggings with pockets so popular?
How many men think that women who wear a great perfume are irresistibly attractive?
Why does maternity wear feature so many dresses?
Can sleeveless shirts be worn as formals by ladies?
Do tall guys in the Netherlands in the 195-200 cm bracket find it hard to find clothes?
In most cases, why do ghosts wear white clothes?
How do I build a men's clothing empire?
What made you start dressing modestly?
How do I choose the right promotional apparel?
Is it punishable to have dirty underwear?
Are long sleeve t-shirts for summer or winter wear?
Why are branded clothes in India so overpriced when they are produced in India?
Why do people have the perception that girls dress up for others?
How do you combine cardigans and shorts?
Which type of necklace set, earrings, bangles, and maang tikka will suit this lehenga?
Why do some people prefer getting their clothes stitched instead of buying branded ones?
What are camisole tank tops?
Is it disrespectful to wear an American flag on your clothing?
What are the best online apps to buy clothes?
Which is the best online store to buy casual and formal wear at reasonable prices?
How can you make your own underwear?
From where do sellers purchase the latest fashion clothes to resell them in markets in Delhi?
What color pants do I wear with white shirt and charcoal-grey blazer?
Have you ever heard of a "custom" autographed jersey?
Who wore the dress that was worn by Eugene in Tangled Ever at wedding time first, Jack Frost or Eugene?
How can I be a buyer for a clothing retailer? I have lots of experience in this industry as a importer from Bangladesh. Also, I am a native.
What is the dress code of Medi-Caps University?
When your husband helps you wear your saari, how does it feel?
How would I get a stylish dress sense?
What clothes size do most teens wear?
Where can I sell my used clothes?
Is it okay if I wear the same type of clothing every day to college?
Do girls get aroused looking at guys wearing shorts?
How would I dress in a casual chic style from the late 90's?
Where can I find & purchase fluorescent dyes to be used on clothes?
Is life measured by fluency in English, branded clothes, or a rich lifestyle?
Why are male devotees required to remove their shirts in temples?
Is it ok for a girl to wear a suit/tux to the prom?
Where could I buy full evening dress online?
What are high quality clothing brands similar to Hollister but low price in local malls in California?
What’s the most annoying piece of clothing your parents made you wear during your childhood?
What coating could be used on carbide blades to indicate areas of wear?
Is there an online site to buy fake brand clothing?
Which weave is best for the denim fabric and why?
What materials do you need to make black underwear?
Can jeans be tailored?
You are waiting in a business lounge and wearing a business suit and shoes. I walk in wearing a t-shirt and flip-flops. What is your first thought?
I and a few other boys in our coaching class get distracted by a teacher who is very attractive. Should I write to her anonymously to tell her to wear less revealing clothes?
Are you looking for unique T-shirt designs for kids?
A cami-style bra tends to bring my breasts closer together. It looks funny to me. It has molded, non-padded cups and a hook closure. Is it fine?
Is wearing your heart on your sleeve a good or bad thing?
What do we call cloth in Sanskrit?
What type of necklace would go with a long spaghetti strap dress with a straight across neckline?
What are Indian Muslims views on Sania Mirza wearing a short skirt?
What colour back cover will suit a black Redmi Note 4?
How do I stop addiction to buying clothes?
How come the Muslim black attire for women is a recent thing? How did it spread in the last decades replacing traditional clothing?
What are the Moldavians’ clothing styles?
What would happen if you wore a T-shirt with a Swazi symbol on it and walked in a crowded place like Israel?
Where is a shirt fabric store in Delhi?
Which type of underwear should men wear?
What are the best outfits for street dancing?
Where can I find a fabric expert person who can tell me all about fabrics in Hyderabad or Mumbai?
Why do Indian lawyers wear black coats?
What should I wear in an Indian summer wedding (Delhi)?
How would I make Carrie Bradshaw's tutu outfit look masculine?
What are woollen clothes used for?
Which type and material of clothes should be best suitable for Indian climatic conditions?
How are woollen clothes manufactured?
Does this suit combination work? What are improvements?
Can female wear men's underwear?
Dark brown suit with pink shirt and purple tie. Is this a good combination?
Why do Japanese salarymen like to wear whirt shirt and black pants as their "uniform" to work?
What do you feel more comfortable in, a tracksuit or jeans?
Are you brand-conscious when it comes to clothing? What brands do you wear?
What is the dress code to follow in Mexico city?
What's your go-to casual outfit for going out with friends?
Where can I get wholesale clothes at the cheapest rate in India for women?
What are the materials used for dress pants?
Will wearing long-sleeves and hats make skin get lighter?
What is the good name for mens clothing wear shop?
Why do women put money inside their choli (blouse)?
How do I dress similar to “Casual Chic” from the late 90's if I'm a guy?
Which of the following country is going to sell high-tech chemical protective clothing to India?
How are synthetic clothing materials produced?
Which is the best way to make a tie and dye t-shirt?
Where's the best place to buy a flat cap in the UK?
What is Italian clothing made of?
What items of men’s clothing can women wear?
Why do defence personnel wear neck scarf in India?
How does the VDV wear their uniforms?
How do you feel about children 9-12 wearing chokers?
Is it a wise decision to buy branded clothes?
Does an employer have the right to make a male employee wear women's clothing?
Why was losing shirt buttons a bigger issue than it is today?
How long did it take you to get used to doing buttons up the other way, after you transitioned?
Why do we need to wear uniforms to school?
What is your view on the strict dress code for the NEET exam?
Does wearing women’s bras make men feel like women?
What are some stylish dressing ideas for abaya wearing women?
What is difference between men's brief and women's panties?
Where is the best place to buy Women Shorts?
Is it okay to like Nazi uniforms? They just look so stylish especially those SS ones, very stylish.
How should I dress if I have crooked legs?
How should I wear maxi dress in summer?
Is there a situation where a guy would have to wear girl’s clothes?
What tie color should you wear with a plaid shirt, and what are some examples?
Can I wear capris for NEET?
Is toothbrush handles made from polyester?
Can a straight man wear an open back blouse?
Which clothes are trending this summer?
If you swallowed a 100' long thin piece of cloth until it was at the end keeping the end hanging from your mouth would you be able to floss your body?
What can be done with a pile of used and torn clothes?
In US high school basketball or volleyball games, boys wear loose, knee-length shorts, but girls wear tight and short shorts. Isn't this sexism?
What does a boy wear in high school that a girl considers "well dressed"?
What do celebs do at Cannes other than styling in hideous outfits?
How do I find fabric manufacturer with low minimums?
Can boys wear girls’ dresses?
Is it okay to wear a lip tint before bed?
Are girls allowed to wear leggings for NEET 2017?
What clothing tops were for guys during the early 2000's?
Which shirt matches with cream colour pants?
Which type of footwear goes with ethnic clothing?
If you already have a bad running rash on your crotch from the wrong underwear, can you just buy the cream and compression shorts and run right away?
Is faux leather the same as leather?
What is the best buyer persona for person who buy sport clothing?
Where can I find designer clothing dealers?
Where can I get a t-shirt framed in Bangalore?
Is a t-shirt allowed or not this year in the NEET?
Are you looking for wholesale dresses at an affordable cost?
Why does girls wear plastic bra?
What should be considered while buying a blazer?
How many cm is a 44" shirt from armpit to armpit?
What is the purpose of buttons on coat sleeves?
What can I wear when I go to my tuition classes, casual or something more formal?
What should you wear to a cookout?
Would it be bad if I advice my friend (dark skinned girl) not to wear yellow dress, as people laughs on her back and I don't want it to happen?
If I’m looking to have a silver (ag) mesh piece fabricated for an invention, who would I contact, a machinist, a jeweler, or someone who deals in fabrics?
Which colour shirt suits black jeans?
Should I let my girlfriend wear a top that reveals her nipples?
What is a Jacketing column?
What are the different glow in the dark fabric types used by luxury clothing brands?
Why do Indian women wear nose studs?
What products can I re-sell, other than clothing?
Where can I get an actual custom armored superhero suit?
What do people think good programmers dress like?
Why are white socks frowned in the office?
Feminists defend women for dressing scantily in public, so why were they furious with me for wearing a T-shirt featuring scantily-clothed women on it?
Can I wear Mandarin (Chinese) collar shirts to work? If yes, what shoes and pants should I wear with them?
Which kind of fit for a formal shirt should a man with a potbelly wear? Regular?
What type of clothes should guys with big chest wear?
How do you keep off of the shoulder shirts off of the shoulders? Mine always pop up.
Is it compulsory to wear brown shoes when you wear a brown belt? I always get confused with which colour belt and shoes that I should wear?
Why are even jeans considered wrong in some parts of India when leggings wearing girl look and feel more glamorous to me?
Where can I buy funny Counter Strike T-shirts?
What is the Pakistani style of women's dressing?
Will R15 suit for thin and tall guys?
Why do school uniforms consists of shorts and not trousers?
How can I dress like a 16 year old boy?
How would I dress in the early to mid 90's fashion?
What things should I take care of while purchasing cloth for suit and getting it tailored?
How can I make my fabric softer?
What's the name of Leonardo's dress code in Titanic?
What are some cute outfits for school dances?
What should I wear in Stockholm in mid-May?
What is the dress code in GITAM University?
What underwear do women like on men?
Do push-up and strapless bras really work, or are they like any other fancy pieces of women’s clothing?
What color shoes can I wear with a dark-gray shirt?
How do I get a wholesale license for clothing in India?
Why does my brother have a problem with me wearing knickers and sleeveless tops at home?
Where can I buy wholesale Asian designer clothing?
What pants should I wear with a pink shirt?
What color tie matches with a parrot green shirt and black pants?
What dress would be good to wear for a college group photo in India?
What should I do, as the shopkeeper will not exchange my loose bra and is demanding that I show him the bra being worn before he will exchange it?
Will a black t-shirt with black cotton straight fit pants look good?
My friend only wears long sleeves and pants. At the pool she either bails on me or wears a wetsuit. She gets very defensive when I ask about it. Why?
What wears clothes out, i.e. gets them threadbare, the wearing or the washing?
I'm going to a Kyogen play. Do I have to wear something very formal?
What would look good with brown leggings that have a Galaxy print with blue, white brown and orange accents?
What are some ways to remove blueberry stains from clothing?
In which schools do students wear sarees?
Do you design clothes? If so, which ones do you find the hardest to design and do you prefer piecing or top down technique?
Besides dressing well, would I be ridiculed if I were to wear a top hat and "formal attire" every Tuesday to my high school?
Is it ok to stop wearing a hijab after you decided to wear it?
Should pantyhose make a big comeback? I love wearing them and wish others did too.
How can I start dressing the way I want?
Which material is used to make eco-friendly carry bags that look like cloth?
Is a beaver fur jacket valuable? I found one at Goodwill for $6.96.
What should I wear during the ice trekking as I have a bad vision?
Why do my parents say that I can not wear dark pink or red dress? Why do they get so angry when I wear those?
What is the best bra for running?
What is a good travel blazer?
Which online sites are good and reliable for shopping ethnic Indian wears?
Is there any mobile app to remove clothes?
What should I do if I don't like my prom dress anymore?
The onesie at one point, very popular, created some unusual looks. Do you have any favourites, and least favourite onesies?
How much profit does a T-shirt business make in a year?
What is polyurethane used in clothing?
Is there a website like teespring but for non clothing items?
Do you think the quality of food, clothing, and other manufactured products (their longevity, life and sturdiness) has become a thing of the past?
What are some unusual bra sizes?
How can I shorten the heel of a shoe? I really like these shoes, but the heel is too high for me to wear them.
Which brand undies do you wear?
Where can I buy clothes in Tirupati at cheap rates?
How many chinchilla pelts does it take to make a jacket?
What is traditional American garb?
Do girls used to wear sleeveless banyan and transparent saree?
Does it look weird to wear wireless Bluetooth (without the cord) after school?
Which color bra are you currently wearing?
Why do South Indian girls wear a bindi?
What is the best soap or washing powder for clothes in India?
What clothes do women need?
How can I get a cs50 t-shirt after finishing the course?
Is it a good idea to bring export-quality garments directly from Bangladeshi factories and sell them to wholesellers in India at reasonable prices?
Where can I find good running shorts for men online?
Why do womens' one-piece bathing suits contain built-in bras?
Do any men nowadays wear trouser braces/suspenders unironically?
Which color shirt, tie and shoes would go well with a navy blue suit?
How much are Kookai skirts?
Why do we need to wear underwear?
What is evening wear?
Which fitness clothing brand do you prefer (India) and why?
Is it ok for men to wear leggings in public?
If you throw stones at sewage, it's your dress that will get spoiled. What is the equivalent idiom in English?
What kind of footwear does Maria Clara (in Noli Me) wear?
Where can I find sublimation printing for t-shirts?
How much are the shipping charges from India to the USA for wholesale clothing?
What are the characteristics of the clothing during Shakespeare's time?
What are the best underwear games for bachelorettes?
What are male rompers?
Why do business owners often make their employees wear ugly uniforms they would never wear themselves?
What goes well with kale?
How did guys wear workout gear back in the year 1990?
What's the best thing to wear for a casual party?
What type of shoes should I wear with classic shorts?
Why do people wear white clothes on funerals?
How do you dress dead people?
Where do all of the garments go if they are not sold?
What size knickers should I be buying for a UK 36/38 waist? What is the best women's thong that holds male parts in place nicely?
Which shopping streets do you suggest for a wholesale purchase of Indian ethnic wears in Mumbai and Pune?
Do you wear your beliefs on your chest or hide them in your pocket and why?
What are the traditional clothing in South Africa?
Which colour loafers will go with blue chinos?
Why is market strategy important in branded apparel?
Is it acceptable for a woman to wear wellies to work?
Have you ever seen any examples of extremely useless clothes?
What are good prom after-party outfits?
Can you get away with wearing a leather biker’s jacket when you’re over 40?
What are your favorite suit brands?
Where does leather come from?
What is the dress code at Futures First? Are formal clothes compulsory?
Does YG,etc Entertainments allow idols to wear clothes of their own wish for MVs or are they given a range to choose from; basically, how is it done?
How much do you usually spend on school clothes?
Can a man wear pink and still manage to look masculine?
Which type of bra do girls prefer the most and why?
Is it okay for men to wear Dr. Martens 1914 boots with skinny jeans? I love the look of the mid-calf boots, but I am worried what others might think.
Why is it that most tech billionaires wear t-shirts and dress very simple all the time?
Where can I buy some boxer briefs that come with piece of fabric on the inside, like women's underwear would? I'm a trans boy without surgery.
Is it ok to wear sweat pants or pantaloons while playing volleyball?
What type of dresses should we wear to attend interviews?
What is the dress code for an interview at Oberoi Hotels & Resorts?
Is Windshark fabric good?
Which type of underwear is best worn at the gym?
Which fabrics are used for different types of garments?
What should I wear blue shorts with?
How do you control yourself when an attractive woman wearing a short skirt is sitting in front of you?
Will girls like my small chest when I take off my shirt this summer?
If I wear multiple pairs of underwear, will being kicked in the nuts hurt?
Is a cowl neck the same as a hoodie (men’s)? Does it have a hood?
Can anybody identify the shirt that Norway's singer was wearing in Eurovision 2017?
Where can I buy local second-hand Japanese t-shirts?
How and where do I get a Supreme box logo hoodie?
What colour shirt will suit cream-coloured pants?
Where can I find Western women’s top wholesalers?
How should I wear frills?
What are High Street fashion brands?
Is wearing ring-neck or collared shirts allowed in JEE Advanced?
What is the difference between anarkali suits and salwar?
Do you recommend a Bosch clothes washer?
Which styles/brands of clothes are recommended for a 30 year old male who wants to purchase multiple items of a particular outfit for work and casual wear?
How do I find private label clothing manufacturers in Bangladesh?
Where can I buy 50 inch (120cm) waist-size shorts and a 54–58 inch casual shirt in India?
What is your favorite Supreme or BAPE collaboration?
Where can I buy printed T-shirts featuring Baby Groot?
Can I wear 3/4th sleeves for the NEET exam?
What are the criteria for good fabric stitching? How do I know the stitches are good?
What colour tie should I wear with a green shirt?
Are white cotton clothes colored with white dye, or are they naturally white?
Why are we required to wear something when we go in public?
Should you trademark your brand before selling apparel on ecommerce?
Is there a dress code at R.C. Patil?
What are the products of bewakoof.com like - especially the T-shirts and mobile covers?
What narrow-minded company has made burkini as a body-tight suit is wrong for Muslims, and why do we wear it?
Do people still buy fur coats?
Do you think people will ever stop saying that certain clothing is made for males and other clothing for females?
How do you remove lint balls from your clothes?
What are the best gloves for winter?
Do girls wear anklets to turn attention to their legs?
In your opinion, what kind of fabric is the most comfortable to wear on the body?
Can syrup be considered a dressing?
What is a typical everyday outfit/clothing for women in India?
Does doing fashion design include the sewing of clothes?
Can girls wear boy’s t-shirts?
Do rich people save or buy from cheap stores i.e. local markets, regular clothing brands, etc.?
What should I wear with a floral mini skirt?
Where can I buy a good linen shirt in the US?
Do girls change dresses like men do in their hostel, and are their breasts and bras visible to their roommates?
Why do some guys wear double wear (double briefs) during workouts?
Do socks prevent hookworms?
Is it acceptable to wear shorty shorts to school?
What should a young woman wear to a scholarship interview?
Why do women always have to look well dressed in India?
Why do some people say that they don't like the feeling of humidity despite not wearing as many layers of clothing?
What are some party dresses?
How common is it for the dress shoes of southern men to be woven or have woven elements?
Can a T-shirt’s length be altered?
What is the reason that ministers wear clerical collars?
Which colour shirt should I be wearing with these green coloured pants?
Which are the best wardrobe furniture companies in Pune?
Should a female manager wear a headscarve at a conference?
Why is it that, as a girl, spreading my legs when I sit down, while I’m wearing pants, makes me a slut?
Can stylish teens wear blazers casually (in high school)?
Who are the best branded clothes suppliers in India?
What is the best way to find a scarf supplier in Italy?
How should I wash maxi dresses?
Why do boys wear shorts in Winter?
Is salwar kameez formal dress for men?
From where Kohli gets his clothes?
Are there any stores that sell clothes that have the American Eagle style, but that are cheaper?
What is the appeal of wearing your boyfriend’s hoodie?
What matter does cloth acquire?
What are the points on the top corners of a suit jacket called?
What type of lingerie should I wear? I love my legs and chest.
Where can I buy a men’s blank organic Pima cotton T-shirt online?
How can I find out who the garment agents are in the USA?
Would you still wear clothes if you were alone on the planet?
Where can I find a cloth factory/wholesale shop in Vietnam?
How can I dress office smart and keep some personality in my wardrobe?
How do you iron black pants so they don't have shiny marks?
Where can I buy girls’ jeans at the best prices?
Can straight men wear women's heels or pumps?
How do I promote my wholesale jeans business?
What unique characteristic has clothes on the market?
What shirt, tie and trousers should I wear with a lavender blazer?
How would you target people interested in buying lady's apparel with Facebook ads for LuLaRoe or a similar brand?
How do I stop staring at girls' legs in the library if they wear very short pants and sit next to me (hot summer)?
Can I wear black shoes with brown soles for consulting interviews?
What colour lipstick would go best with a turquoise-green dress?
Where can I get a corporate attire?
Do Han Chinese people think they need to popularise a traditional clothing style?
Why do some fashion shows have really weird clothes?
What are the best women's running shorts?
Can I wear a grey suit to prom if my date is wearing a tan dress?
Is it okay for a guy to wear short shorts?
What do transgender people wear when they go swimming?
How can I get paint stains out of cotton shorts?
Are dirty clothes harmful to humans? Give proven results.
Which sleeve do you put on first when putting on a shirt?
When is the best time time to buy branded shirts?
Is there any unsinkable swim wear?
What will happen if I iron and wash dress pants that are not supposed to be ironed or washed?
How hygienic is it to wear a bodysuit since there is no room for underwear?
Is Vistaprint the best away to go for ordering customized business T-shirts, or is there any other local or online option?
What should I wear on my freshers day in hostel?
Which is good clothing brand?
What are the characteristics of Celanese fabric?
What color shirt goes with green pants?
Is it okay to wear underwear while in a spa?
Why do all the major active wear brands offer clothes for people who are fit enough and not for people who actually need it to attend gyms?
Where do I find clothing that is modern and innovative?
Is it a turn-on when a women don't wear underwear, and if so, why?
Why would people purposefully wear out or sell denim jean products and call this fashion?
When buying a new pair of socks, there is a thin piece of paper placed in one of the socks. What is the purpose of this paper?
What is the dress code of a Indian Navy's Tradesman mate (Civilian)?
How do I make a marketing plan for a clothes company that produces 1000 pieces of the same product every day?
Should I manufacture cotton pants or sweatshirts?
What is the feeling women get when they open their bra hook or clasp?
Which is the best wholesale clothing supplier in Australia?
How do Iranians dress in their homes vs the streets?
If India is to have an official dress code of its own (traditional), what will it be?
Why do PacSun jeans smell weird?
What's all the issue about dress code of Christ university?
Were the colors plum, chocolate, and navy on the t shirts and spaghetti strap tops back in the late 90's?
What shirt, shoes and pants should I wear with a lavender (light purple) blazer?
What is the best way to remove ink from your leather jacket?
Where can I find freelance Tech Pack designers for kids clothing in India?
Can I wear a full sleeve blue top and black jeans with a red belt and denim shoes for the BITSAT 2017 exam?
What color and type of shoes go well with black, ripped jeans?
Is there any platform online to connect with buyers and sellers of exported surplus ladies’ garments in Delhi, India?
Which degree should I pursue if I want to run my dad's clothing business in the future?
What are some of the best cheap clothing websites for teenagers?
How can I tell if my pants are too long?
Why is the 2- or 3-piece suit still the standard choice for a male formal attire?
Is it wrong for a man to want to wear women's clothing 24/7?
How safe are buttons on baby and toddler clothes?
What are the best clothing store layouts to reduce theft while maximizing sales space?
How do you write a good clothing brand description?
Can a lady wear heavy silk sarees like Banarsi or Kanjivaram all the time, even at home, as shown in TV series? What will happen to her expensive sarees?
How can I approach investors for funding for a clothing business?
What are some of your favorite places for finding modest dresses and skirts?
Where can I buy a long women’s summer rapron in India?
How can I style harem pants?
Where can I find high quality ladies sports dresses?
How would I tell my family that I like to wear women's clothing?
What can be a good alternative to t-shirts for a casual summer outfit?
What kind of clothes should a student of 157cms wear?
What kind of knitted garments are you interested in wearing?
Where can we purchase items like sewing machines, etc., for a garment boutique at cheaper prices?
How hard is it to sell a new clothing brand profitably without being or using larger than life celebrities?
What color socks go with pink shoes?
Why do so many female newscasters dress like bimbos?
Who are some clothing wholesalers in Mumbai?
Is it mean/rude to remove someone’s clothes from a dryer(s) when they were left way passed the time it takes to dry them?
What is your opinion on sagging pants?
If you usually roll up your sleeves, should you roll or fold back a shirt with those cuts on the side?
Does your dressing sense matter in an interview?
What do modal fabric clothing consist of?
I'm on diet, now my clothes feel looser but why do I still looking the same?
Is it wrong to wear cut sleeve banyan?
Why it is acceptable for men to be in public with their upper bodies undressed, but not women? What would happen if a woman tried?
What are the best cute summer outfits for women?
Where do I find batik or tie-dye colors in Mumbai?
What is the hat called that Ronnie Van Zant had?
Why do people quote the Bible to prove homosexuality is a sin, but then eat shellfish and have no issue with women having short hair or wearing pants?
Is it weird that I wear a pendant?
Can straight men wear women's butt lifting short shorts?
Is readymade garment making profitable in India?
Who is using concrete cloth for tiny homes?
Can I patent a shirt design off CustomInk?
Can body armor be used as an alternative to a riding jacket?
How should the business for a readymade garment shop be run (sourcing, pricing, reselling)?
Can 1st year students wear collared t-shirts of decent looks (light colours) in KIIT Bhubaneswar?
Why are men's clothes of better quality than females?
Is there a specific dress code for the MHT-CET exam?
What does it mean when a girl cleans the crumbs off your shirt while you are eating?
Why are there extra laces on girls’ tops?
What would happen if a US president refused to wear a suit?
What is the best clohing and shoes size chart?
Should I wear Oxford shirts?
Why did a soldier's wife send a 56-inch bra to Modi? Will Nawaz send a matching sari?
How do I make a good DIY binder out of sport bras?
Are cloth diapers leak free? Which is the best brand?
Is there any dress code in Karunya University?
What can you wear with pastel colored shorts?
What kind of sari should be worn for interviews?
How do you tailor feedback to fit the recipient?
What color pants and shirt match with olive green shoes?
What's the best jockstrap to wear under jeans?
Can one wear light brown brogues with long black kurti? Can it go with ethnic? Would it look stupid or give a chic girl look?
What are the various patterns(sewing patterns) of a kimono jacket/shrug?
What are the graduate commercial trainee supposed to wear in their training period (dress code)?
How does SpongeBob SquarePants wash his clothes?
What colours look good with black pants?
Where can I find vintage wholesalers online?
Where can I find security button system tucked Trunks?
Is there any dress code in UP medical colleges other than white coats?
What are some stylish men's clothing brands made for athletic built men with big arms, chest and small waist?
What replaced Spykar jeans renegade fit?
What are bottom wears apart from jeans?
What kind of jewelry is appropriate for a single man of status to wear?
What colour chinos would go with coffee brown loafers?
What shirt can I wear with a blue blazer?
What are some of the best fabric for summers?
Do boys find girls more attractive in traditional dresses than short dresses?
What are some creative ideas to make your own underwear?
How should I wear slip dress?
Which is the best place for men’s clothing in Bangalore?
What is the profit margin in a garment factory?
Can you wear swim shorts in the gym?
What are the best places to buy cheap socks subscription?
Is it compulsory to wear shoes with lace for an interview?
Ranveer Singh is setting a new trend of formal clothing. Wearing skin fit trouser that's a wie bit short. Can corporate clothing transform after this?
Why do white products (shoes and clothing, etc.) almost always have a white background in advertisements? It doesn’t make sense at all and its hard to see their details.
What were some mid 90's clothing tops and shoes for guys?
Where can I buy graphic T-shirts with the latest pop culture references?
What is the dress code at MICA? Are girls allowed or frowned at on wearing skirts and dresses?
What's more important, wearing fashionable clothes or wearing comfortable ones?
How would I dress in early 90's fitness wear if I'm a guy?
How can I know my pants are too tight?
How do you make a 70s outfit?
What are some significant differences among the clothing styles of different generations?
Who are the best tie manufacturers?
Which is the perfect bra size?
What do people (women and men) wear on a fancy party or formal ball in your country?
How would I do a mix of heavy metal fashion with casual chic fashion?
What are the best women jeans brands?
Are there people who have a fetish for wearing clothes of their own gender?
Is it wrong to go into a clothes shop just to try on clothes?
How do you dress for a first date?
Did you face a lot of difficulties when wearing saree at the beginning?
Will every graduate wear a hood?
Which color shirt should a black man wear?
How were clothes made during Shakespeare's time?
What kind of clothes do you like on guys?
Is it possible to sell Indian women’s wear in Pakistan?
Are skinny, high-waisted jeans still in? Almost all of my jeans are skinny and high-waisted but I feel as if I shouldn't be wearing them.
Is wearing my phone on my back pocket safe?
Where can I find Star Wars T-shirts with quotes online?
How is cork fabric made?
Where can I buy a cheap quality bandage dress in London?
Is a dark brown suit with a white shirt and pink tie a good combination?
Do girls love to wear skirts?
How do I know what overall size I should wear?
Should girls wear kurtis or salwar on a daily basis instead of Western wear?
What are the best websites to find art for my t-shirt business?
How do I start a clothing line with no experience in tailoring?
Do women find men who wear female clothes attractive and approachable as a friend or someone who they would like to be have a friendship with?
What's the best place to find cheap clothing online in India?
Can I wear a leggings at tirumala?
Why are so many people excited about Melania Trump not wearing a headscarf in Saudi Arabia, while in fact no non-Muslim women wear headscarves there?
What makes ideal compression socks for runners?
How do I stop tearing the crotch in my jeans?
Why are some Arab women totally covered in black?
What clothes should I wear for a junior developer interview?
What is "smart casual" dress for men in Europe?
How will The Cartel be a name for an custom made suit?
Is it okay to mix colors like black and tan/brown or black and blue when matching outfits?
I've been thinking about buying and selling popular shoes and/or clothes, what is the best way of going about doing this?
Where can I find a strapless bra that is comfortable? I'm a male but I wear bras and have not found a strapless one that fits well.
What type of dressing sense did Winky have?
Where can you put affordable stalls in Delhi for customised T-shirts (theme: Bollywood)?
Is it better to wear a body suit or a bikini top/crop top in summer?
Can I wear black pants for the NEET?
Is it worth it to buy clothes in Zaful?
Where can one find Wonder Woman merchandise (t-shirts, mugs, etc.) in Mumbai, India?
Will lehenga salwars suit all types?
What color bottoms should I wear with a white shirt that has a splash of yellow and pink on it?
Is there a dress code at BHU?
Why do many religious Jews wear a white shirt and black pants?
What can I couple with my vests to get a casual look this summer?
I have been wearing hijab for 3 years and I no longer wish to wear it. I wore it because of my mother, what should I do?
Why do girls look hot and beautiful in gym leggings/tights?
Which is the best Australian wholesale clothing distributor?
What do you think about the Cruise/Resort fashion shows this season?
Can anyone help me find fairtrade clothing companies?
What is natural fiber in clothing?
Why do millennial females wear men's clothes (including their fathers’ old jumpers)?
Why do some people feel cold and wear woolen clothes even in the summer?
How do I start a saree business, by importing sarees?
Why is the cloth of the people from the Tibetan highlands similar to that of the people from the Andes highlands in Bolivia?
Where can I get t-shirts with Star Wars logo?
How can I match neon shoes in winter?
Where can I find cool t-shirts in Mumbai?
Why does a cloth get wet if we put it in water?
How do I keep my phone inside my shirt or pants pocket?
Is there a store that specializes in clothes for the short and stocky man?
Is there any dress code for GUJCET 2017?
Which colour shirt is suitable for black pants?
What is the name given to a long skirt which splits like a top only at the ankle?
How should I wear shorts in the summer?
Does it offend someone who has a traditional style of dress (e.g. Japan's kimono, India's sari) when someone not from that culture wears it?
Where can I buy pants in the United States fitting for a man of height 5'3''?
What lead to the horrible trend of stripped jeans?
What are the absolute most comfortable all-day dress shoes?
With no money limit, what are the best clothes to buy for functionality and style?
Which top and jeans suit white boots?
What is the best width for double breasted jacket lapels?
When shoulder carrying, should you buy coats a size larger than you typically wear to better hide the gun?
Is it necessary to wear clothes while taking the JEE Advanced?
Just saw the newest episode of the Big Bang theory. What does it mean by "the kid with the two shirts"?
What should I wear while working at Kohls?
What did men and children in ancient India in wear?
What do you need to dye your clothes black?
Why does this young woman wear the same clothes to university almost everyday and orders the same food?
From where do these retailers get cheap branded clothes?
Do you ever wear 2 stoles?
Where can we buy the cheapest branded clothes in India?
What colour suits blue eyes?
What shoes do people wear casually before sneakers?
Where can I find a garments wholesaler?
Do girls in New Delhi wear midi?
What are some hacks to expand a dress that is a little too tight for me?
What type of knickers should I wear with a dress or skirt with pantyhose?
How should I wear cotton maxi dress?
How do I recruit experienced fashion and graphic designer for a apparel company?
How do I sell or export women's designer garments from India?
What is the best type of underwear for working out?
Why are black robes worn by priests?
What is the penalty for wearing blue jeans in North Korea?
Can I wear men's underwear to the beach for swimming?
How do I keep my uniform wrinkle-free forever?
How do groomsmen dress?
How do I wear this top?
Should jock straps be worn underneath the underwear?
What will look good with a navy blue plazzo?
Which are the best online companies to start an online clothing business?
How can I remove Fevikwik from my jeans?
Why do UK weather presenters have such a terrible dress sense?
What are some ideas for graduation dresses for grade 6?
Are there websites that offer made to measure womens dresses for reasonable prices?
How do I promote a new female clothing online brand with in India with less budget to compete with other major brands?
How can you wash poison ivy out of clothes?
How do you start a lingerie line in today's world?
Is it socially acceptable to wear articles of clothing with fire on them in the summer?
Where could I find a good place for women's casual outerwear and swimwear?
Why is a V-neck shirt considered gay in the Western world?
Is it normal to wear woman underwear?
What is the best place to buy quality winter clothes in India on a reasonable price?
Where can I get export rejected garments in Chennai, similar to those available in Fashion Street, Mumbai?
How did guys wear the exercise gear like women did during 1990-1991 two years before Grunge?
Where do I find reputable wholesalers with quality clothing for a decent mark up?
What are the smallest dresses worn by actresses?
What color of shoe should I wear on a pitch dress?
How do I dress as the red shift for Halloween?
Where can I find a good tailor to alter my blazer/suit in Chennai?
Where/how can I find an activewear apparel manufacturer to start a line that includes my own custom print? What is the best country for this?
What should I wear for the SLS Pune interview? I am a girl.
Why do men in gymnastics wear socks but not women?
What are the best matching colors for a tshirt and shirt combo with shoes?
How hot does it have to be before you go bare chested or wear a bikini?
Why do today's teens wear inappropriate clothes?
Is it okay for me to take off the red thread around my waist?
Why do golfers wear brightly coloured/patterned pants?
How do Polo Ralph Lauren jeans fit?
Why do "sanskari/gharelu" females in Hindi TV serials wear jackets/blouses exposing their backs?
Are guys’ hair and clothes important?
What are some colors that suit me when I'm an autumn type?
Is it safe for a man to wear a dress in Wichita Kansas?
Where can I get U.S.-made wholesale clothing for women online?
Which is your favorite male underwear?
What did colonial kids wear?
Why are Levi’s Jeans more costly than other brands? What’s so special about them?
Which kind of dress colors are suitable for a dark-colored guy who has a waist of 28″ and is 5′7″ tall?
I need to attend a wedding next week and I need to wear something ethnic, classy, trendy and sexy. What should I wear?
Where can you get cheap and cute clothes in Johannesburg, South Africa?
Which is the best Indian e-commerce site for branded cheap clothing to be bought via cash-on-delivery?
What should you do if you want to design a separate style for your club T-shirt?
From where do resellers and Instagram sellers source big brand copies of handbags, watches, sunglasses, clothes, shoes, etc.?
What are good apparel wholesalers in 1688.com?
What Asian t-shirt size will I need for a 38-39 inch chest?
How does one get clothing made by a factory in China?
Do Jewish women who cover their hair do so around their immediate family? Who would they not do that around?
Can girls wear what ever dress they want after the college hours at Amrita Bangalore?
Why do you think Frost is wearing a robe/cape?
What is branded apparel?
Which type of innerwear is used by men?
What is the best and the cheapest online store to buy gym clothes in the USA?
What is the dress code for Amity admission?
What are the best outfits for workout for a female (it would be helpful with images)?
What underwear is suitable to wear under white jeans?
Why does my butt not look good in leggings?
What would a goose wearing a leather jacket look like?
What are equestrian apparel?
Where can I buy surplus international mens apparels online in India?
What should I wear for my cousin sisters kerala wedding?
What is the best cheap cotton underwear brand?
Is there some dress code for CGC Landran?
What color Anarkali dress will suit for dark people?
Why are female undergarments never seen drying outside any Indian house along with the other clothes?
What is the difference between golf shirts and polo shirts?
Where can I buy the best plus-size clothing in Australia?
What's the fiber bundle size in fabric laminate?
Which colour waistcoat should I wear with a blue shirt and grey trousers?
Can I wear sweatpants?
How should I dress in a gala in Manhattan? What should we do there?
What should I wear to onboarding at Accenture if the e-mail mentioned business formals?
Do you guys like limited edition shoes and clothes?
How can I have wrinkle free clothes without ironing?
How can I get a medium size top to fit a large person?
Why can't you wear panties during an operation if your surgery is a rhinoplasty?
What is Supreme Clothings official site?
How can I get my sister to buy me women’s underwear?
Donald Duck wears nothing underneath, then why does he wear a towel after coming out of a shower?
What makeup goes with a blue, traditional Indian wear outfit?
Is socks needed when carding?
What is the meaning of a topnotch dress code?
Do most truckers wear trucker hats (or some kind of hat) or is that just an urban legend?
Would you tell me your bra colour if I asked you?
Have you ever thought of always recognizing your teammates when you look at the t-shirt they're wearing in any crowded place?
What color underwear are you currently wearing?
What colour chinos would look good on brown guys?
What is the best idea for a startup business lady in hand-loomed garments?
What was your experience when you wore khakis for the first time?
Can a man wear women’s shoes in public?
When a woman wears a shirt that shows off her boobs, how long are you allowed to look?
Where can I buy good quality clothes for $3-5 in Poland?
Why do people care what they look like? If we all wear the same clothes and the same makeup, eventually we'll all look too similar. So why?
What is a high quality brand for bras?
Is wearing your boyfriends shirts and t-shirts cute? I mean what do guys think about it?
Where can I get ombre shirts custom made for a decent price in the USA?
Are girls’ or guys’ clothes more comfortable?
What is underwear made out of?
What are Betzalel Shapiro's favorite outfits?
Why do my running pants keep falling down, how can you prevent this?
When is the best time to start selling winter/fall clothing?
Do Pakistani girls wear torn jeans?
What are the best sites to buy cloth and shoes for a 22 year old?
Would you wear Peter Quill's (Starlord of Guardians of the Galaxy) leather jacket (the short version in GoG1) in real life?
Which color shoes should I wear with formal black pants?
Which is your favorite male underwear (pics)?
Why would a doctor(?) be wearing her white lab coat and stethoscope outside her office? Saw this yesterday near Vanderbilt University.
Can you make a profit from selling T-shirts?
Why do women wear revealing clothes and gets angry when people glance at her?
As a Chinese person, it is very hard to understand sentences like, 'It cannot fit too close,' and, 'They will fit a pit as well as better.' What's the trick?
What is a semi formal attire for juniors?
What is a thong?
How should I wear a vest in summer?
Which brand of knee sleeve should I buy?
Where do I find the best Timb B's to wear?
How do I classify clothing store items in inventory to different collections and unique items within a collection?
How can I learn fashion designing from home to make my own clothes?
How can I convince my parents to approve of me wearing androgynous clothes?
Do clothes hung out on the line start getting wet again? When does this happen and what causes it?
What are some custom t-shirts kids can make?
Which colour shirt would suit a beige coloured pant?
Why do clothes dry easily in an environment where the humidity is relatively low?
Is it wrong for men to wear women’s clothes at home?
How do compression shorts help circulation?
Where can I source traditional​ saree/kurtas basically​ ethnic Indian wear at low cost in Chennai? Or neighbouring cities?
Why do women's clothing sizes vary so much from brand to brand?
Is it okay to wear a navy linen blazer with blue jeans and a white shirt to an Indian wedding in Kolkata during the summer?
What type of track pants should I wear to a gym?
What colour jeans should I pair with a light blue denim shirt and blue denim shoes?
I have a wedding coming up as a maid of honour, what should I wear?
Can I wear hoodies to Christ University?
Why do you mainly find super slim fit trousers in shops, nowadays?
What makes a children's fashion brand high quality?
What hairstyle goes with a spaghetti strap dress with a strappy back?
Why do Indian girls wear white leggings with a kurti with slit? It always reveals the inner, and they should know it. It’s an instant turn-on for boys.
What is the dress code in Delhi AIIMS pics?
Can jeans top be considered as formal dress?
Where do top clothing stores like Gucci manufacture their clothing?
Can I dye jeans in a big bucket?
What are some rules for casual clothing?
How can a woman be strong and free to wear and do what she wants in an Arab community ruled by religion and male relatives that undervalue women’s images?
What is the best party wear outfits for a dark tonned tall skinny guy?
Where can I get hoodies manufactured?
Do any stores in the US carry formal shoes for men that are not made of leather?
What is the best combination colour shirt for a green colour pant?
What are some cool phrases or words to get written on clothes (e.g., for slogan tees or hats)?
Where in India do girls wear midi?
What colour jacket, preferably pastel, should I wear with a navy shirt and white chinos?
What is the best cotton for shirts?
What is the best way to clean my Pashmina scarf?
Is there a major difference between American shirt sizes and other countries’ shirt sizes?
How come the shorts that girls wear under their skirts and dresses are usually black colored shorts?
If a guy sends me a big package from London to the US and puts 7,000£ in an envelope with clothes, shoes, and a phone, is it a scam?
Why are V-neck T-shirts so popular in fashion nowadays?
What are the chances of success for a t-shirt printing press business?
Where can I find a B2B platform with inexpensive clothes for young women and men?
What color bikinis should I wear to look sexy?
Why do schools not like kids to wear expensive shoes, as they ask kids to not wear those shoes because it lowers other kids’ self-esteem?
Should I wear a red tie or a maroon tie for a black suit?
Where is the market for first copy watches, clothes, shoes, ladies accessories, and more, in India?
What are some tips you can give to look perfect in Salwar Kameez?
Is it technically ok to wash soft clothes, like handkerchiefs, with a shampoo?
How do you design your own leotards?
Why do women avoid wearing skin-color leggings?
What are some good tips for a large clothing department to reduce customer theft without compromising sales?
How do I make sure that my strapless bra doesn't constantly slip down?
Did US soldiers wear Viet Cong clothing when going undercover for counter-ambush operations and actions?
What is a dress style?
Why do women wear boy shorts?
Are there any Indian factories that produce prepreg carbon fiber? I need to get my dry cloth impregnated in India.
How do you bleach black clothes?
If I farted, will it stay on my clothes or completely go after some time?
How would I prevent people from stealing so much underwear and socks at a department store?
What should I wear blue canvas shoes with?
What face veils are worn by women in ISIL?
Why don't I like shirts with buttons or pointy collars, and why do I think men’s ties are pointless and a waste of cloth? Am I alone in feeling this way?
Can a straight guy wear a white T-shirt in America?
What kind of fabrics were used to make clothes during the 16th century in Persia?
Where can I find the best pet clothing?
Which are the best men’s clothing stores in India on Instagram?
What is the best push-up men's underwear?
Does Walmart sell cloth pins?
Where can I learn how to make baseball caps?
What colour shirt, tie and pocket square should one wear with a navy blue suit for a wedding?
Where is the best place to recline the grain after altering a pattern for trousers?
What are the chances of success in a t-shirt printing press business?
Where can I find European clothing manufacturers in Portugal?
Should I wear gray slacks with a red blouse for a job interview or red pants and a black blouse and gray sweater?
What is meant by PU leather?
How should I wear the linen top?
Where can I get Ralph Lauren shirts in Bangalore?
How do you get permanent marker out of clothes that have already gone through the dryer?
What is the blue part of Yurka's clothes from Evolution 2: Far Off Promise?
What colour suits blue jeans?
How do you make dhoti salwar designs?
What is the must-have wardrobe for men?
What should I wear to the 8th grade dance?
What is the best tagline for clothing business?
What are your daily routine problems (ex. like tying your shoe or a pile of clothes stacked on your chair)?
How do I start a garments business in Bangladesh?
How many t-shirts do I need to wear to match the average temperature of the Sahara desert?
What's the school/boarding school in Delhi with a red and grey striped/checked skirt and white shirt?
Which colour shirt would suit a pair of camel-colour pants?
Where can I shop for Jaipuri Raprons and long skirts online?
Do polo shirts look good with sweat pants?
Why did Germans like to wear monocles?
How do you make a minimalist wardrobe for a woman?
Why do so many male historians on British TV wear a blue cotton shirt and cream chinos?
How do we keep our leather shoes or leather things in good shape?
Why do Indians swim in all of their clothes?
Why does shein.com sell clothes at cheaper rates?
Where can I buy a pink cardigan and pink leggings?
What is the best surfing underwear for men?
Why do so many people in the US wear the American flag as apparel even though the US Flag Code says it shouldn't be worn as an article of clothing?
Why do my shirts always come out of the dryer with the sleeves the wrong side out?
Has India sold itself for a pair of jeans?
Why do people choose to wear skinny jeans while a regular fit looks good and feels comfortable?
Why is it called narrow-minded when men tell girls not to wear short skirts in public?
What are some clothing brands for short men?
Why do rifle regiments wear black ranks and buttons?
I have extremely wide shoulders and slim hips/legs. How do I dress proportionately?
Why did Playtex and Gerber quit making adult plastic pants?
Why do women like wearing shiny black patent leather boots?
Why do boys stare at girls wearing shorts but girls not stare at boys wearing shorts?
What is the brown paper sheet used in packing shirts called?
Which shirt should I wear with a grey and red striped blazer?
Do ladies wear shoes on the gyno table?
Where can I buy vegan t shirts in India?
Why do my parents get mad at me for wearing jeans and a long sleeved shirt instead of pajamas?
What form of outerwear looks good with a dress shirt?
How do I "persuade" stubborn people that you only button the top button of a suit?
When do people buy polo shirts (month)?
Where do Depop sellers get their clothes from?
How do I buy silk fabrics?
How do I get better at dressing?
Where can we get good (preferably, custom-made and not Manyavar) Indian menswear in Bangalore?
What are the competitive edges of RedTag apparel of Dubai?
Do guys think a plain t-shirt and jeans look cute on a girl?
Which colour of blazer should a groom wear if the bride is wearing bottle green coloured saree?
What clothes are appropriate for a Google internship?
Where can I get branded shoes for cheap in Bangalore?
Is there a good reason why President Trump wears his ties so long?
California casual wear for men is jeans and a t-shirt. Why is the expectation for the same attire for women almost inevitably more form-fitting?
Can anyone give me some contacts of wholesalers (electronics/clothing/footwear) in Bangalore?
Is it okay to wear shorts on a flight?
Which is the best place in Delhi for buying Indian wedding clothes?
Which colour of kurta should I wear to an Indian wedding?
Is it ok for me to wear lingerie and a bra under my normal clothes in public? (I am a man.)
Who was the best-dressed person at the Met ball?
Is wearing the hijab in a rural town in Poland considered safe?
Can I use a picture or the name of the boxer Canelo Alvarez to sell t-shirts?
How do I find a branded clothes supplier in India?
How do I start a cloth business in Hyderabad?
What is the best dressing style for girls with short height?
Europeans: Do you feel that it's disrespectful for non-Europeans to wear traditional European garb?
How would Amazon's custom-clothing system work?
Where do you go shopping for clothes for your kids?
Are girls allowed to wear leggings for the NEET exam?
Why are the shirts at Polo Ralph Lauren so expensive?
Where can I buy ethnic women’s trousers with cutout work or embellishment online in India?
Is there any dress code in COEP Pune?
I am doing a social experiment for school. Which pant leg do you put on first when you get dressed and which is your dominant hand?
What is the best color saree for me to wear for my anniversary?
Why do so many atheists' avatars wear hats?
Pakistani girls have given up wearing a burqa and have gotten inclined towards Western clothes. Why are Indian girls still wearing a burqa?
How do I start a saree business, by importing sarees?
Was it really typical for well-to-do guys in the 20s to wear suits all the time?
Do your prefer to wear control top or all sheer pantyhose?
Should I wear make up?
Can the expectations around women's attire in the workplace be undone, rather than just adjusted to be more realistic and comfortable?
How many men wear women's nylon panties?
How do g-string and thongs differ?
What is well made and attractive lightweight men's outer jacket suitable for summers in NYC?
Why are female undergarments never seen drying outside any Indian house along with the other clothes?
What should I wear to a 1920s party?
Why don’t women prefer black dresses on their wedding day?
What Are The best Western dresses for tall and Stylish Look?
Why do corporations in India allow Indian dresses for women as formal, but stick to western formal wear for men?
Where can I get a garment label manufacturer in India?
Where can I buy cheap branded clothes in Gurgaon?
Which is the best place in Chennai to buy riding jackets?
Why do people wear jeans (denim) while walking or jogging?
How much are the shipping charges from India to the USA for wholesale clothing?
Why is society against men wearing nylon stockings with shorts?
What are best dressing hacks for typical Indian boy?
Will I be made fun of for wearing a fanny pack?
What colour helmet would match for a cyan blue bike?
How many shirts should I expect to sell every day/month if I sell them via online marketplaces under my own brand label?
What are some good clothing inspection companies in China?
What is your review for Triveni Sarees in Surat? Should I go for a sakambari silk?
What fine clothes should I wear at my alma mater's farewell? The theme of our farewell is "Hollywood/Bollywood".
What positive role can one's attire, style and dressing play in their work?
Is it necessary for a girl to wear girly dresses?
What do you think of the Met Gala 2017 outfits?
What are the best ways to remove sweat stains from hats?
Which one has bigger size Ag+ or Cl-?
Do you like to wear short dresses?
What color shirt goes with blue pants?
Which type of shoes is used more often?
How are fishnet vests manufactured?
How do you add a buttonhole elastic to a shirt?
Why did bridesmaids traditionally wear white?
Have children been harmed in polyester fabric?
Why do boys react very differently when girls put money in their sarees’ blouse (choli)?
How do I remove cat's blood stains from my white color upholstery?
How can I cut and sew a blazer?
What are the kinds of lehengas that would suit a night wedding in Delhi, India?
Which type is good looking for shoes, canvas or leather?
Which is the best skin tight jeans brand?
Is it okay to wear shorts on an aeroplane?
Will people judge me if I wear a hijab?
How can I lighten the color of a pair of tan lather shoes that darkened when they were waxed and polished?
To what extent does a woman's workplace attire impact her ability to succeed professionally?
Should I be afraid to wear a fanny pack as a man?
What is the perfect dress, suit, blazer or full dress up for my brother’s marriage in this hot summer?
Why is it that mostly average-to-ugly looking Indian girls wear exposing clothes that don't suit them and good looking ones don't?
Can we wear white slacks in NEET 2017?
What type of dress can I wear on Griha Pravesh?
Why do girls used to wear cut sleeve banyan like boys?
What are some examples of Indian trendy names in Hindi for my new boutique?
What will happen if I wear only underpants in a party and a suit in a swimming pool?
Why did women used to stick keys in their waist traditionally?
Is there any course to learn sewing of jean pant?
Does wearing small shoes make your feet smaller?
What is the dress code for Jain University GD, interview?
How are dresses with underskirts made?
Where can I find patterns for Levis vintage denim jackets?
Is it common for American girls to wear baseball caps?
Are jeans and western style dresses allowed in SASTRA for girls?
What type of saree is best suited for summer?
Are there any clothing and textile or fashion designing courses in Spain for Bangladeshi?
What are the best ways to remove curry stains from clothing?
How do you shrink clothes in the washing machine?
What kind of top will look good with palazzo pant?
Is vegan leather different from synthetic leather?
Can I get samples made for a clothing line in Orlando?
Why do women put money inside their choli (blouse)?
What are the health risks of wearing corsets everyday?
What are the names of the best jeans?
Why should working women buy Argent apparel?
What type of sarees best suits urban working women?
What should I wear that is casual yet stylish?
Where are the best ethnicwear dress shops in Bangalore to buy a birthday dress for a 1-year-old baby boy?
How do Henry & Belle jeans fit?
What do you think the future of apparel will be?
Where can I buy printed T-shirts featuring Baby Groot?
Where can I customize a hoodie of any color and an image to insert on it online, in India?
What stitches are the best to use when sewing a dress by hand?
When will Urban Outfitters come to Australia?
What does the future of professional women's attire look like?
Which online shopping website sells the cheapest cloth?
Why don't boys also have variety of dress as women enjoys?
Does Tucker Carlson wear a toupee/head piece?
What are equestrian riding jackets?
Do you like the red Nightwing suit, or the blue one?
What are some of the best websites to buy ethnic wear in India?
How can I design streetwear?
Where can I get an "I am Groot" t-shirt online?
What is your opinion on wearing white shirts always?
I’m dropping clothes sizes but not any actual pounds. What can cause that?
Besides a "crop top", what is another name for a shirt that consists only of long sleeves and fabric joining them in the back?
What should I be wearing as someone with a slim build?
Is there any technology to see through a girl's clothes?
Is it better to wear clothes that fit or hide things like excess weight, etc.?
Is there a trick to wear such shoes and not have toe pain?
How many types of fabric are available in the world?
Historically, have norms around women's professional attire been driven by men?
What are some fashion color palettes or pairings that work in casual wear?
Can you share your pics with best lingerie you have?
Why are women wearing revealing maternity clothes?
Why can Hispanics wear “Brown Pride” shirts, but White people can’t wear “White Pride” shirts without conflict?
Where can I find Guardians’ characters T-shirts online?
Do girls and women deliberately purchase jeans that would show curves and butts? Don't they offend themselves?
How do I determine the quality of the material when buying a saree? There are so many different types of sarees, which one should I buy for my wife?
Why is that female gender wear uncomfortable clothes?
Why are girls wear thongs but guy do not?
What colour saree would best suit a dark-complexioned girl?
Where can I buy Supreme, Palace, or Bape?
Why do women wear gloves while driving a car?
What is the best way to remove barbecue smoke smell from clothes and house?
What type of dress suits should be worn in summer?
How can you find your bra size without a tape measure?
How can a woman start to wear mens suits?
What are trendy dress combinations for casual wear?
Is it ok to wear sports shoes daily to work?
How do I select a blue shirt?
Where is the best place to buy clothes at a reasonable price in Pune?
What are the advantages of buying your outfits at American apparel?
I am designing a line of bath robes for my brand LA Diva Fashion. What features do you look for in a bath robe?
How was Japanese medieval clothing made?
Which has a better fall, chiffon or Georgette?
Is it mandatory for women to wear a burkini while swimming in Saudi Arabia?
Can you take off your shirt in public where you live?
What happens if you use unmatching socks?
Can I buy clothes from this site? Is it safe? https://lemonbloom.in
Why is The Kaaba wrapped in black cloths?
What was the dressing fashion in ancient Tamil culture?
How do I prevent myself from sweating so much while wearing dress clothes (dress shirt, tie, suit)?
Since we didn't evolved to wear shoes, why is the sole of the feet so vulnerable to glass and spikes?
Does it mean a girl is comfortable, if she underwear-shops in front of you?
What type of shoes do cricketers wear?
Do you agree that there should be a dress code to prevent cheating on exams?
What color bra and tank top should a woman wear under a white polo shirt?
Where can I donate my old books and clothes in Noida?
Do husbands and wives wear pantyhose together?
Are there any clothing items that have been changed by technology?
Approximately how much will a cotton and polyester blend shrink?
Are we overpaying for brand name clothes?
Can 100% polyester suits be machine washed?
What is the dress code at XLRI?
What is the easiest way to remove fuzz balls from your sweater?
How do you select the right sport shoes for you?
Which colour of pants suits a sky blue shirt?
How is a dress form made?
Can I wear leggings with sherwani?
I wear long sleeve shirts on days I feel emotionally vulnerable/insecure, is anyone else like this?
Why can't you wear hoods in a classroom?
Where can I buy Allen Walker’s masked hoodie in India?
What kind of warm clothes should I bring to Australia?
What is a good site for ladies’ suit neck designs?
What makes fabric softeners acidic?
Why are ghosts always seen in old-timey clothes but never in modern garb?
Can a person with an oddly shaped head wear white briefs?
Who is the best tee dropshipper in India?
Why are pornstars age 40 and up always wearing pantyhose in their scenes and photo shoots?
What is the purpose of wearing a gold chain?
Should I use LTD or "brand" for the end of my clothing line?
How can you remove fuzz balls from your gym clothes?
What is the punishment for wearing a uniform with a missing button in the US Army?
What should 20 custom shirts cost? I'm getting crazy quotes for $16 each. Is that normal? Are there any recommendations?
What are some examples of elegant comforter sets?
What do students wear in Canada?
What do you call a person who always wear formal?
Can you guys give me a quick lesson in vocabulary related to clothing in the USA?
Can I wear a red shirt with tan pants?
How and what can a psychologist judge by how we dress?
What did Riley wear at the party in the first episode of The Boondocks?
How do I sell she sarees and salwar kameezes online?
If I were to accelerate from 0 to 1000mph in an instant, would my clothes be obliterated?
Why is a woman wearing a suit not a problem, but a man wearing a saree is?
What's the best place for buying groom dress in Mumbai?
What colors look good with light pink?
Is there a difference between Carhartt and Carhartt WIP clothing?
Does YMCA UST have a dress code?
Do you have a favorite brand of clothing or does brand not matter to you?
Are jeans those that are double-shaded or plain-colored such as white? What else are called jeans?
My dream dress is a peacock inspired Indian anarkali. Which types of colour should I combine to have the look?
How do you bleach denim jeans to turn them white?
How are male celebrities/stars able to wear a different suit at different award shows, when the most common colour of suits is black?
Where can I find a complete catalog of a clothing designer's work? (I'm looking for Carolina Herrera.)
As an entrepreneur, which is more profitable? Wash and fold laundry or dry cleaning?
We are in Delhi/NCR and want to get garments stitched in bulk at cheap rates. What are some suggestions?
Is Under Armour a UK brand?
Where shall I get a t-shirt print of my own?
What type of short shorts do men wear?
Does wearing blazers as shown in the below pictures look odd or is it OK?
Which is the perfect custom tailoring tool for today's custom tailors?
Should girls wear shorts?
Why do people buy cheap MDF bookcases?
Why do some straight men today dress and act femininely?
How well would Kraven the Hunter fit into the MCU?
Why did Saudi Arabian women wear their cloth like 'Ninja'?
How close are we to having halo style space suits?
Are there any female YouTubers who don't wear makeup?
Where do you go to shop for clothes for your family?
Why did three burqa-clothed sisters kill a man in Sialkot Pakistan, who allegedly committed blasphemy in 2004?
How confident do you feel when you are wearing an ill-fitted shirt as opposed to a masterfully tailored shirt?
If a Navy admiral is attending my wedding, will he have to be dressed in his formal uniform?
Which is the best software application to learn if I want to convert my designs drawn on paper to an image file so that it can be printed on t-shirt?
Why are dress codes for USBC amateur tournaments so strict, especially for youth tournaments?
Can I wear emeralds and pearls together on different hands?
If a woman wears a neckband, does it mean that she likes being dominated?
Why is American apparel so cheap?
What is the best textile wholesale market in China in terms of quality and price?
Why do my sweaters come back from the cleaners in a bigger size?
What types of humidity sensors are used in clothes dryers?
Do Under Armour long sleeve compression shirts have any baseball related benefits?
Why do people feel offended and "triggered" when they see someone wearing socks and sandals?
Why do husbands want wives to wear exposing clothes?
Can pima shirts (50/1 Peruvian thread) be dried on a dryer? If so, at what temperature?
How can you make yourself look more formal in a knee length, long sleeved, pink lace dress?
What's the dress code for Sathyabama University?
If women dislike their body, why do so many, of all sizes, showcase it in form-fitting clothing (midriff tops, tights with thongs, etc)?
How do Bollywood actresses wear new dresses daily?
Which are the best brands for women to buy clothes from Myntra?
How do I choose the right heels for my dress?
I am making an ultralight aircraft. What would you recommend for a sail cloth?
Could I price the T-shirts I sell based upon the size of the T-shirts?
Are Indian IT services companies functioning like army regiments (compulsory working hours and formal dress code)?
What is the difference between tumble dry and dry clean?
How can you describe the different types of necklines in clothing?
Which colour shirt and trousers are best for SSB?
Is it good idea to wear shorts and quick dry shirt for an international flight?
Would men wear skirts if no one would judge them for it?
Did pirates wear socks?
What size women do men like?
Is wearing a cut sleeve banyan (vets) a wrong thing?
Where can I get branded shirt lots in India in the range of Rs 60 to 80?
How do I dress for an IT job?
What brand is this model wearing?
Is it safe to wash whites and coloureds together if the coloureds have been washed many times before?
What should I wear to a Hooters Girl interview?
Where can I find a reasonably priced pink men's blazer online for USA delivery?
Is it okay for a man to wear ripped jeans with (sheer) pantyhose?
Are eBay buyers over Michael Kors? I can't seem to give MK clothing away much less sell it. Is the market over saturated or are women just over it?
What fashion trends do you personally feel will be popular amongst online buyers this summer? What brands, styles, and fads do you think will sell in summer 2017?
During the 2017 NEET, can I wear a shirt with writing or any design? Also, do I need to know anything about the colour?
How do I start a scarf business in India? How can I find genuine scarf vendors?
How come some schools don't allow students to wear hats inside the building?
How big should your breasts be to wear a bra?
What is the reason that public laundry makes my clothes​ like this?
Is it okay not to have a button in the center of a suit jacket?
What's the best quilt fabric material?
Could knee-high boots work well in combat?
Why are F1 accessories more expensive than Nascar accessories?
What would look good with a light denim-style shirt with pearlised fasteners?
Why do people not wear shirts at home?
What are some popular clothing stores/brands that Italian men shop at?
Is it safe to wear a blue-and-white bandana/handkerchief on your wrist to the mall?
I’m a garment manufacturer and I am looking for buyers. How do I get foreign buyers and take orders from them?
Where can I find branded clothes at wholesale prices in India?
Which are the best brands for polo dresses in India?
Should I wear a really well-fitting suit to prom or a rental tux?
Can females cross-dress?
How do I wear pant trousers?
Where can I get Thor T-shirts for kids?
Does anyone besides me think it's wrong for little girls under the age of 10 years old to wear sexy panties even though they actually sell them at Walmart?
What clothes should I carry to Phuket?
How can I make a boned bodice?
What are dirndl and lederhosen clothing styles? How did thy originate?
Can being put in a dryer kill you?
Where do I get custom made cupcakes in Chennai?
Where do big companies buy custom shirts in Bay area?
What is the difference between night pants and track pants?
How do I pin saree pleats neatly?
Do girls wear shorts in MAMC college?
How do European teen girls dress?
What should I wear to a Pearl Academy personal interview round?
Do guys like ripped jeans?
Is promoting and selling leather jackets in Amazon a good business?
Which dress code is best for an interview for a teacher?
What type of suit should women wear to a UPSC CSE interview?
How are the bras worn by teens?
Is there any woman in Hyderabad who could donate her worn out clothes?
Where can I donate old clothes in Bhandup?
Why do some men wear a pinky ring?
How can someone start a clothing line?
What are cool brands of Deodorant /Cologne?
What are some websites like SSENSE? How do you sell your clothes to them?
Would you wear jeans that point out that you are a submissive?
Is your wardrobe a mess today?
Why does the pope of the Orthodox Church wear black and the pope of the Roman Catholic Church wear white?
Are there ready-made lists of Would You Rather questions?
What is the best way to clean a wool hat at home?
Can I train my body to be able to wear winter fashion well into spring or even summer?
Which inner color suits well with a turquoise kurtis?
Do I have to wear a long-sleeved shirt, tucked in, for a personal interview at Christ University?
What are some of the best places to shop for my wedding Saree and Lehenga? I am looking for whole-sealers and manufacturers.
What is a gathering apron?
How do the rich get rid of their clothes?
What do Indian girls like their guys to wear?
How can you make a loose knit scarf?
Which clothing brand is the most popular in Australia?
Why do ladies in India still wear sleeveless tops knowing the fact that most of the men have fetish towards armpits?
I’m a girl new to wearing saree. How do I get the pleats over the shoulder neatly?
Which is the best place in Banglore to buy designer sarees?
Where can I buy genuine superhero t-shirts online?
Why do parents dress their kids in inappropriate kids’ clothes?
How important is it to wear shoes you can easily take off, in Japan?
How do employees who wear a uniform keep it clean? Assuming they don't wear a layer under it, wash it every day, have multiple shirts or whatever?
Why is public sex lawfully wrong if wearing revealing clothes isn't?
Where can I buy non-leather, formal shoes for a man in India? I have made a conscious decision not to use leather products in the future.
Is a "strait waistcoat" the same thing as a strait jacket, or just similar?
Would you wear jeans that identify you as BDSM, submissive, dominant, or owned?
Which color of chinos should I wear with a white T-shirt: maroon or brown?
Can you wear Northface jackets during spring and summer?
How should I convince my parents that wearing a silver chain around my neck won't affect my upcoming results in any way?
What pair of jeans is comfortable in the summers?
I have an interview with the department head of software validation, should I wear formal clothes?
What is your most treasured garment and why?
What kind of belt should I wear with Oxford shoes, that has some black and brown?
Were suits as commonplace fifty to sixty years ago as films from that time period would suggest?
Should a girl wear make up?
What kind of clothes & footwear should one pack for a long stay according to the weather in London?
How can I wear a shoulder holster more easily?
Would it be weird to wear a long sleeved vintage dress to Prom if I develop the nerve to go eventually?
How can you clean a wool cowboy hat without washing it?
How do I find a quote for a tailored suit?
Why do some nudists think that people who wear clothes are ashamed of their body?
Should I wear a white blazer for my college farewell?
How do I recycle any zipper from clothes?
Why are office dresses/skirts sometimes figure-hugging?
I'm a 17 year old girl and want to get a new wardrobe. What are some essential pieces?
Is it good not to wear underwear under jeans?
Why is there an argyle logo on some socks?
Can hot weather and humidity shrink clothes?
What are some ways you can wear a loose knit scarf?
Is casual wear okay for a wedding?
How much does it take to start a quality supplement brand in India?
What is the best online service in terms of price and quality balance for printing custom clothing?
What are Men's Casual alternatives to Polo or Button shirts?
What kind of suit is in trend nowadays?
Where can I buy cheap sneakers?
Where do I buy printed fabric in Vietnam for leggings?
Why should a man have a good physique to wear a cut-sleeve banyan?
Where are you looking online when you are interested in buying fair fashion apparel and accessories?
Have anyone peed their pants while waiting?
Does a puff-sleeved top look good with skinny leather pants?
What things should I take to consider if I buy shirts and pants?
Why is everyone going to Hajj wearing white, unstitched clothes?
Can I wear a mini dress with Converse sneakers? Is that fashionable?
What is the most trendy men's wear currently?
What happens to the clothes and accessories which celebrities use after the shooting ends?
Is it a good thing for women to not wear underwear (panties) at times?
Can men wear female panties?
Can I wear red to a funeral of a close family member?
In Pakistan, women are crazy about branded clothes. How can I make my research topic about that in economics?
Do ROTC students wear uniforms?
Do doctors hate their dress?
Are men attracted when they see women wearing gloves and leather jackets?
What is a Smart Fabric, and how are they used?
Why do Japanese people get so mad when foreigners wear kimonos, but they can wear shirts and jeans?
Should friends judge and criticize my style all of the time and act disgusted by it?
How can I make glitter stay on my clothes?
How do I start my own clothing line with very little knowledge?
What do guys think of ripped jeans?
Where can I get neon superhero graphic t-shirts?
He can I not show my nipples while not wearing a bra?
Where can I buy leather hide in Chennai?
What kind of casual shoes can I wear with semi-formal dresses?
What shirt and pants will go well with white shoes (Adidas Superstar)?
Why do women wear transparent sarees?
Can we wear a shirt for the NEET?
Which will be the best way of promotion for a garment manufacturing company?
What is the usual price range for a denim dress?
Why do dress code policies in corporate India disallow sober kurtas for men, when even colorful salwar kameez or sarees are accepted as formal for women?
I want to import leather jackets from Pakistan to India. What are the procedures for it?
Can you still get a tan if you wear 70 SPF?
What should we see when buying a formal shirt online?
What are the best tips for launching your apparel Brand in China?
In snake country, is it better to wear trousers inside or outside of your boots?
How do I compliment a girl’s shoes?
Where can I get a Dark Knight or a Superman print t-shirt dress for women online?
What are some good shoes that will not wear out quickly for people who are very active?
How do I repair a hole in polyester track pants?
Do Japanese people prefer the modern inner city or the more traditional parts of rural Japan in terms of architecture, arts, food, clothing, culture, music, etc.?
Can I get a denim dress in 3XL?
How do you put together cute outfits?
Can you wear leggings to work?
Where can I make custom t-shirts cheaply and with no minimum necessary?
How much fabric (42 inches width) is required to make a swing dress?
What are some outrageous fashion fads that you have seen?
Should you wear shoes while measuring your height?
Is a tan suit appropriate for a wedding?
Does a washing machine make your clothes get old quickly?
Do girls like wearing shorts?
How do I wear a saree in an easy manner?
Is it child abuse to let a 12 year old dye her hair and wear crop tops?
How can I properly use a boned bodice?
Are there any military fitness clothing brands that support liberal ideologies?
Why don't men wear yellow colored underwear or Frenchie?
Is it okay to workout in an underwear made of lace fabric?
Which are the best places to buy clothes in Gujarat?
Do girls wear underwear under a swimsuit?
Which t-shirt looks better with a dark blue blazer?
What coloured tie should I wear with a light blue shirt and navy waistcoat, suit, and pants?
Where can I find glow-in-the-dark superhero T-shirts online?
Is Latin-America a good market for me to sell? I have an online, original clothing shop in the US.
What is the easiest way to remove Super Glue from your clothes?
Why does a girl’s buttocks catch her clothes on standing?
What supplier does Ivory Ella use for their shirts?
How can I make a cashmere scarf?
What kind of top can I wear with a cross over halter neck bra or a high neck crop bustier?
Where can I buy cheap clothes in Kolkata?
What problems do you have with your wardrobe?
Why does a woman’s clothing stick in her buttock cleavage?
Is there a supplier of custom long-sleeved men's security uniforms in Germany?
Are the DC t-shirts sold at bewakoof.com genuine?
What type of apron does a junior resident wear in Lady Hardinge Delhi?
How can I make a Lucky Star outfit?
Where do women who have small frames and big boobs shop for clothes?
What are the best ways to dye nylon fabric?
Why does female clothing cling to the cleavage of their buttocks?
Which four coats are there? There’s the white coat for doc, black for lawyer. What are the other two?
With which arm/leg do you begin when you put on clothes?
What saree would be suitable to wear with emerald and diamond jewelry for an engagement party?
Why do security guards almost always wear suits?
What happens if an inset sleeve is sewn in the wrong way?
Is there a dress code at Veltech University?
How do painters dress, and what are some examples?
Are Versace clothes exclusive?
Why do many Indian girls resist wearing knickers?
Does anyone need 100% cotton shirts from Egypt?
What should I be wearing to an operations intern interview?
I'm trying to create authentic and fashionable looks for a story. How can I tell that a piece of clothing is historically or culturally accurate?
Should I buy different shirts to give my employees than the ones I sell to my customers?
What are the types of formal shoes?
On which occasion can I use black long gloves?
Why must we use washing powder detergent to wash our clothes, instead of plain water?
What colour shoes should I wear with a green ball dress?
Which type of men shoes can be worn with jeans?
How can I customize my own beanie?
Where do you usually shop for clothes?
Should I consider novelty underwear?
What color of shoes do you wear along with a pink dress?
As a man, how long can you restrain yourself to buy new clothes?
What matters, knowledge or the fashionable (branded) clothes?
If a girl is an extra large in kid’s clothing, what size is she in women’s?
Why do men put their right leg first while wearing pants, but girls put their left leg first?
What are crazy golf pants?
How can I start a t-shirt online business, and from which site should I place an order? Do they print the logo on the shirt too?
Which is the best online stitching tailor in Pune?
What are ultra lightweight travel dress shoes for men?
Does fabric matter when it comes to choosing the right style of underwear for men?
If skirts are considered formal wear, why do so many women wear them casually?
Why is it not okay to wear shorts in freezing weather but it is okay to smoke and drink?
Other than eBay and Amazon, what online sites are a great place to sell bulk blank t-shirts? Etsy no longer considers blank shirts crafting supplies.
How do I dress up for Indian parties?
Is it wrong to wear a shemagh?
Should friends judge the way you dress?
Can I dye my faded jeans to be more black?
Where can I find genuine Marvel apparel in India?
Where/how do you find shirts/tops that are long enough for your large bust?
How do I create all over printed hoodies?
Is there a manufacturer of high quality business men's suits in Canada?
How many outfits can you make with 5 shirts and 3 pants?
What would Naruto's clones wear if the original was wearing different clothes from his usual outfit?
What’s the best underwear style for different occasions?
Why are interior pockets on jackets and suits so satisfying?
Is thong underwear only for women? Can men wear it as well?
What is a great black suit for a groom?
How many total clothing retailers are there in the US? Of the total, how many are SMB clothing retailers (<$25M revenue/year)?
What’s the best fabric for men's underwear?
How can I make my breasts’ shape look good with clothing?
What shoes do I wear to the gym?
What is the purpose of wearing ties? Do girls wear ties too?
Where can I find the cheapest kurta with a Modi jacket in Mumbai?
What are the reasons why people wear clothes?
What are the benefits of using a boned bodice?
Tights with sneakers. Do you wear just tights or socks over yours tights?
What are brands that sell t-shirts that doesn't strink?
Why do Chinese clothes retailers use white models?
Why do guys at my gym wear thong underwear?
What brand of shoes are you currently wearing?
Which is the best place to buy churidar suits at a wholesale rate?
Do crew neck shirts come across as boyish where you live?
What colour underwear matches a blue push up bra?
How do I pair my ties with my shirts?
What are some good sites to buy clothes based in Europe?
Where can I find some Marvel based gym clothes?
In the recruiter's letter, if it says "dress code: casual," what should I wear to the interview?
Where in the world can I get cotton at a cheap price?
Can I and how do I get in contact with fashion buyers in order to sell small, in-stock quantities of clothes?
What is the best site to buy personalized T-shirts in India?
All the button holes on my (man) shirt are vertical except the bottom one which is horizontal. Why is this?
Why are gloves better than mittens?
What is the most efficient way to sell used clothing on eBay?
What if women stop wearing flaunty clothes? Will they be looked at like they are now in India?
What are the dos and don’ts of wearing rudraksh mala on your wrist? Can a non-vegetarian wear it?
What is the cost of fabric for mass production of ladies’ blouses in India?
What are some good no-show bras for girls with big breasts? I need something that actually works. And by no-show, I don't mean strapless, I mean backless too.
Can I wear a sea blue shirt with cream khaki trousers?
What is the NEET dress code for girls?
With black pants and white shirt, which tie color should I wear so that I don't look like a waiter? It's for a college interview.
Do you get holes in the toes of your tights or pantyhose? How can you prevent getting holes in the toes of tights or pantyhose?
Where can I buy glow-in-the-dark DC and Marvel T-shirts?
How would I decorate a living room based on myself that wears track pants, sneakers and t shirts?
Why are men shy to wear a gold chain?
Can I use G-string underwear?
Should guys be allowed to wear skirts & shiny leggings?
Where can I buy basic plain color tops for women online in India?
What are the pros and cons of low-rise thongs vs. waist-high thongs?
What could be causing small holes to be appearing in my T-shirts?
How did people long ago wear so many clothes without discomfort?
What is the dress code for women in Steirereck restaurant in Vienna?
How do I buy the perfect pair of underwear?
Are long kurtas official or casual dress?
Where can I look for some plus size dresses online?
Does the enhancing underwear for men accentuates the visibility of front profile?
What is your job and what do you wear to the office?
What are some color rules to follow while choosing outfit of the day?
What do you think about a bargain clothing store in Mexico?
How can I connect to garment manufacturers in India?
How do I wear a knit V-neck jumper?
When you put your shoes on, do you put both socks on first and then your shoes, or do you put one sock on and then shoe, followed by the other sock and shoe?
How do you mend leather?
How does someone buy high-quality & stylish clothes as a vegan, since non-leather boots, sneakers, belts, clothing, etc., usually don't last long?
Why do we girls need to wear a bra under our blouses?
With which dress can I wear cowboy shoes?
What are some online clothing brands that have a large selection of plus-sized fashions?
How did underwear come to be, and why do we keep using it?
How do I wear a bright t-shirt?
Can you build a clothing line in the U.S., while you’re outside the country?
Are clothes found on AliExpress of good quality?
When did torn jeans started becoming a fashion?
How do I turn a button-down shirt into a waterfall vest?
What does your dream dress look like?
If we began commonly wearing clothing made entirely of carbon nanotubes, what would the clothing feel like? Would CTN clothing be comfortable?
I just launched an online clothing store for the Christian community, and I need help to grow the business. Are there any suggestions?
Aren’t jeans uncomfortable? Is it weird that I do not wear them?
Where can I find customized jackets?
What is the most expensive piece of clothing you've ever bought?
How should I decide what to wear everyday?
Can denim dresses be worn to office?
What are the benefits of wearing uniform at work?
What should one wear to an Indian Catholic wedding as a guest?
Which is your favorite workout wear?
What do I wear for a day out during spring?
Is it inappropriate to wear ripped jeans for a college teacher?
How do ladies Barbour jackets fit?
What should a man wear for his brother’s wedding in the summer?
Can I wear a dark blue t- shirt with black and white shoes? What pants should I wear?
What top goes with this beige maxi skirt?
In a USA Today poll, 35% of women and 15% of men said they never wear knickers. Do you?
Can I wear a dark blue t-shirt over shoes which have a mixed colour of black and white? If so, what are the best colour combinations for the pants?
Which colour t-shirt should I wear with my black salwar?
Why is wearing thin clothing better than wearing thick clothing to maintain your body temperature?
Can a man get an infection of any kind wearing a thong?
Where is some good-quality lingerie available in Indore?
Do foreign women have to wear hijab while travelling in Iraq?
In the US, are women’s smaller clothing sizes also shorter?
Which bra colour do girls generally prefer?
What should I wear for my NIFT GDPI?
What was the hardest piece of clothing that you had to remove from your patient in order to examine them?
Where are the cool places to shop for women's clothes in Hamburg?
How do the American people see Indian apparel?
Do South Indian women wear lungis?
Can I wear a royal blue suit with black trousers?
Did girls wear vests in the 1860s?
Do we have to wear formal clothes for the enterence test for Christ University?
Why don't publishing industry professionals wear neckties?
Can you wear a greatcoat in the summer?
How do classic fit and slim fit differ?
What are Members Only jackets made of?
Stylish men: other than blazers, and sports jackets, what other tops are there?
What trousers look best with royal blue suit?
Where can an RCB T-shirt be purchased in Bangalore?
Why am I not able to control my cross-dressing habit?
What is the sexiest dress that an Indian girl can wear?
Where can I find first copies of branded shoes in wholesale?
How can I dress up as a woman?
Where can I get the Kids Men Legends T-shirt?
Is it true that girls wear bikinis in Brazil all the time?
Does cotton have more water holding than wool?
Why do we have to buy branded clothes?
Can you wear a pocket square on a formal shirt?
Do men like their girlfriends to wear sexy bras during sex?
Why do teenage guys like to wear skinny jeans?
Is it safe to use oil paints on clothing?
Do you agree with a statement that spending much on clothing is simply a waste of money?
What color pants goes with a black t-shirt?
Are denim dresses suitable for formal occasions?
What kind of jeans are the most fashionable in this season?
Do men prefer bespoke clothes or ready-made clothes?
What are some cute inexpensive maternity clothes?
Is there a clothing manufacturer in Europe who can manufacture low quantity (100 pcs)?
What type of clothes should we carry while travelling to Srinagar, Gulmarg, and Sonmarg in the first week of May 2017?
What are the best ideas for a horse-riding outfit?
Should I dress up as Spongebob on the first day of 8th grade?
What are the cheapest ways to update my whole wardrobe?
How do I stop my cloths from getting a bad odor?
What are the tips to wearing a madisar?
Are people interested in renting designer clothes for their growing boys so they don't need to spend too much only to have their sons outgrow them?
Is seeing pet hair on black tights visible to other people?
What is your opinion of dogs wearing clothes? Remember, this is only a question, any (POSITIVE) or constructive feedback will be most welcomed.
What are characteristics of Zulu clothing?
I want a light coloured denim shirt dress. Where can I find it?
What men's dressing style do women hate?
Why don’t today's men wear a dhoti as a dress?
What should I wear for a festival?
What are some cloth types you can roll like socks and that are open ended on both sides?
What are some clothes that look good but are decent for girls?
What are some clothing items which makes you look well dressed instantly?
How can I dress well as a woman?
Should I wear a dress to school tomorrow?
Where can I purchase traditional Caucasus clothing in Chokha?
What do you look for in fitness apparel?
Why are bikinis so expensive despite having less cloth?
Where is fashion retail heading?
Would golfers be better in loose-fitting clothes?
How do I wear kurtis stylishly?
You're going about your normal day, and suddenly wake up in a white room with white clothes on. What do you do?
What do people playing CGI characters wear?
What should the punishment be for pupils not following the dress code?
What type of dress is suitable for a marriage engagement?
What is a stole?
What do you wear to a funeral in the summer?
What are the different occasions to wear polo dresses?
What is the best way to lighten dark blue jeans?
What can I wear with a yellow blazer?
What are some websites where I can buy popular graphic T-shirts with the latest quirky designs?
Are school dress codes unfair?
I have made Leather jacket with wireless brakes and indicator lights which can sync with bike, How do I start export from India?
Where can I get an “Aao kabhi haveli pe” graphic t-shirt?
Where should I buy cloths for my cousin's marriage in Mumbai?
What are the main causes for vomiting while you are sleeping?
Which colour goggles should we wear if we are wearing a black blazer?
What were clothes made of in the 1700s?
What could be the price range for a graphic t-shirt?
How do you remove creases in jeans?
Where can I find official Garfield apparel in India?
Why do Indian husbands want wives to wear exposing clothes?
What are the common fabrics used in manufacturing t-shirts and lowers?
Is wearing underwear in later years (like 5 years old) linked to high intelligence?
Why are scrubs v-necks?
Has anyone missed the familiarity of their old fat bodies to the point where they put on old fat clothes or stuff their clothes to look like their old shape?
How do you feel about wearing a bikini at the beach?
How can I dress more maturely, as a woman with a thick body type?
What is the best women’s clothing manufacturers in China?
What is an alternative to polo shirts?
How do I wear a dress I purchased from Bali? It was packed in a small pouch bag.
What are great choices for a tight dress and heels?
What colour goes with silver the most?
What is dirt and pleat in garments?
Why dryer can lead to clothes wrinkling?
Where can I buy printed t-shirts with memes?
What is a good way to incorporate a pink tie into a suit?
Why are women's clothes sometimes reviewed by men on Flipkart?
What would happen if someone pulled down the jeans and underwear of Emraan Hashmi while he was on stage?
Are girls allowed to wear jeans for the NEET in 2017?
How much does the average college student spend on clothes?
Where can I find some good graphic T-shirts for women online?
What makes socks so expensive? How can someone justify charging $18 for one pair?
Do girls like wearing tights?
What is the legal provision for imposing a penalty for not wearing covered shoes and a full shirt while driving a motorcycle in West Bengal/India?
Why don't poor people wear a bikini when it is very cheap?
When working with DNA sequencers, is it necessary to wear masks and/or sterile clothes?
Where and when was the first Torc worn?
Why do Indian women like to wear designer salwar suit?
What is the logic behind banning girls from wearing Western clothes after marriage in India?
Is there a dress code for the entrance exam at Manipal University for girls?
What type of dress does a new Indian bride prefer to wear on her honeymoon, an Indian, Western, or intimate one?
For women, what are the best places in Hyderabad to shop for less expensive and good quality clothes?
How do you make a clothing company with your own branding?
What are popular clothes brands in San Luis Obispo?
Why can't children wear hats in school?
Are North Korean women required to wear dresses and skirts?
Which dress fits with a blue colour shoe?
How can I contact clothing manufacturers in India?
How do I control my sexual feelings when I see girls wearing revealing clothes?
Why do adults stare at me when my shirt is off?
Where can I buy superhero branded t-shirts?
Why is it prefered that a woman wears a suit for a job interview instead of a dress?
What are some good qualities of women’s jackets?
Where can I buy some white distressed jeans online?
Why do some Sikh men have a white cloth tied tightly across their chin?
Were the Celts the only group of people wearing the Torc?
Why do most overweight guys wear shorts and never remove their socks?
How common is it for grooms to wear a white tie in America?
What are the best pants for a woman to wear during the summer at a factory that doesn't allow shorts?
What is the difference between girl jeans and boy jeans?
What color of print best compliment on a color gray shirt?
What are some good clothes and jewelry boutiques in Friendswood, TX?
Where can I find a good and budget-friendly tailor to stitch long gowns for a mom and daughter in Hyderabad?
How will startups in India affect the Indian apparel industry?
Do Indian women like men wearing lingerie?
How can I find clothes like Dave bayley?
What type of dress should you wear for the LBSNAA?
What color jeans should I wear with a dark blue denim shirt?
Should I be extreme in my clothing of choice prices?
How do cricketers get numbers at the back of their t-shirts?
When should I get fitted for a bra?
What are some pants that are fire resistant and thermal/night vision resistant?
Where can I get neon graphic t-shirts online?
Where caning/paddling is allowed, should it be on the trousers, underwear, PE uniform or bare?
Where are disposable garments used?
Where can I buy kids, adults, & legends memes t-shirts in 3XL?
Where can I buy Kids, Adults, & Legends meme T-shirts?
What jacket is Theo wearing in his first appearance in Syfy's Van Helsing?
Can I get a graphic t-shirt online in 3xl?
Is it possible to wear a double-padded blouse without a bra to make my boobs look big in shape?
Where can I find affordable polo t-shirts?
Where can I find activewear suppliers in the U.S?
Do stores in India stock 3XL wear? If so, where can I find it?
Why are Pompey football shirts so expensive?
Who wears socks over their tights when they wear boots?
Where can I get a genuine Italian suit stitched in India?
Should elderly men wear black thread around their waists?
How can I get used to tight turtlenecks?
Do teen girls enjoy wearing tights for comfort or for attention? Or both?
Where can I get surplus garments in Bangalore?
Which are the trending graphic T-shirts for men and women?
Is it ok to wear formal leather shoes without socks?
Why do hunters and zoologists usually wear shorts or clothing that doesn't cover all their skin?
What is the best way (or at least some ways) to get rid of gum on a suit jacket?
Where do the textile factories sell their produced clothes?
What was the in-universe explanation for why Hogwarts students stopped wearing robes around the third year?
Why can’t you iron wool garments with a hot iron, but for cotton garments, you can do it?
What happens if you don't wear bra and panties?
What are the most trustworthy websites for Indian clothing?
Where can I find an economic and stylish bag for gym?
Why do archers wear bucket hats?
Should I wear a cut-sleeves t-shirt with jeans in NEET 2017?
What kind of top can I wear with a halter bra?
What should I look for, when buying my first pair of Geta?
What colour should the bridesmaids wear if the bride is wearing a golden saree?
How do you dress when you have a big bust and a small waist?
What is the dress code at McKinsey in the London office?
What is the best suit I can get for $750?
What is your bra size and are you happy with it?
Why doesn't anyone wear True Religion jeans anymore?
Which fabric cloths best suits fatty ladies to make them look slim?
Are designer crop tops gaining popularity in India these days?
Why do some girls don’t wear branded lingerie?
Why is learning business English important for an apparel merchandiser?
Is it socially ok for men to wear women’s clothing and underclothing?
The funeral dress code involves wearing white and red, and I'm panicking. I have never been to a funeral that involves wearing red. What can I wear?
What dress to wear for my engagement next month? I stay in Bangalore. Suggest me a good place for purchasing these.
Would women/girls find it weird if a guy asks them about the brand and kind of clothes they are wearing?
How many days are required to stitch a blazer?
How do I design a modern masquerade dress?
What's the difference between women's underwear and lingerie?
Where do I get Flicker Hoods T-shirts in Bangalore?
I’m autistic, and mild physical pressure calms me down. What should I wear under my shirt that can apply constant pressure?
How can I make cute togas?
What is an interesting way to fold a pocket square?
Would you wear cufflinks casually if they were designed for casual wear?
I have a neon yellow studded belt and I don't know what to wear with it. What are some things I could wear with it that doesn't seem weird?
Do you have any ideas on what to write on graduation T-shirts (Hindi/English or both)? Try to categorize your quotes/comments based on personalities.
Why do women and girls like to wear sleeveless dresses?
If even a woman wearing a hijab is raped, why is it that some conservative men blame women for their westernized clothing methods?
Is it acceptable to wear a toga to school?
How can I open my underwear in front of a lady doctor?
In which countries do they wear lehengas?
Why doesn't Narendra Modi wear jeans and a t-shirt?
What do you think of the recent Alia Bhat pic in which she is showing her bra strap in a dress, do you think it is a good style statement?
What size shoe do you wear?
Why do some men and women go for the shorter trouser leg look?
Some women claim not to be shallow. Why do they wear so much make-up then?
Do girls like to wear bras? Why would a girl show her bra on Quora?
What is the logic of B. R. Ambedkar wearing a suit and Mahatma Gandhi not wearing anything?
Can breast change be different if I don't wear a bra while pregnant?
Should men wear underpants with shorts?
Is it okay to wear a see-through saree in front of my husband's friends?
Should we wear tight sport shoes?
Why do women and girls like to wear sleeveless dresses? Why do they prefer sleeveless dresses to those with full sleeves?
What is the difference between knickers and panties?
How do I style trapped jeans for fat thighs?
Can I upload my T-shirt design on multiple platforms, or do I have to choose only one?
Are clothes becoming expensive in the USA after Donald Trump became president?
Why are we required to wear skirts?
Why can't girls be accepted if they don't wear makeup?
Are we allowed to wear shoes to all the Indian scholarship entrance exams?
What does window dressing mean?
Why do brown clothes feel less comfortable on me and don't seem to fit as well as other clothes do?
What is the dress code for female interns in a chemical industry like Linde India?
Which is the best place in India to buy girls’ sexy dresses with new styles wholesale?
Are John Miller shirts good?
What did you wear for NEET examination? (girls)
Is it acceptable to wear a toga to work?
What is the new trend for jeans?
Why don't men wear sleeveless shirts in function, but women do?
Where is whole sale garments in India for boys?
How can I hide cuts? Cant wear bracelets or sleeves in PE and have to wear gym knickers (V.short shorts) and can't get coconut oil/makeup? DESPERATE!
Which material sticks to clothes?
Where can I buy under armor compression shorts for kids in HK?
Do you know a reliable company that prints fabrics and is cheap?
What should girls wear while going for interviews at IITs?
How is life at IFMR Chennai? What are the rules and regulations for the girls’ hostel? Is there a dress code?
My daughter has begun to dress inappropriately. How can I get her to stop?
What is the history of express clothing?
Why do gay men wear skirts and bras? Would gay men ever get tired of stealing women's bras?
How can I identify the importers of knitted garments in Malaysia?
Where are clothes stored in Patna?
What are the sizes XX and EL in United Colors of Benetton T-shirts for kids?
Who has the better quality and reputation among online custom suit makers: Oliver Wicks or Indochino?
How can a girl dress up for a beach party?
My white shirts appear brighter after I pick them up from a laundry. How can I get my shirts as bright at home?
What are the best mens jeans brands in Kerala?
Which is your favourite picture in a saree?
My husband removed my blouse button very easily in the first night after our wedding. How can it be possible that without experience he is soo perfect in removing a blouse button?
Can a boy wear girls’ Patiala or Punjabi pyjamas?
Why do some males like to wear their jeans halfway down their bum?
What if you had these magical glasses that let you see through people's clothes?
What should a girl wear to Christ University for a personal interview? Formals or Indian Attire (BBA law course)?
Should I brush a polyester blazer, or just wool?
What is the best software for a warehouse/store?
Do people prefer fast fashion or luxury clothing?
If you are a teacher, can you post a picture of the clothes you wear to school?
What men’s suit brand do you most associate with high quality and style, so that you would purchase it secondhand if the price was right?
Why is a black cloth tied on the right arm?
Can girls wear bikinis in public places besides the pool or beach?
What are the some decent and stylish ways to wear a scarf as a head covering as I’m required to do while at work?
Where can I buy women's formal pants in Chennai?
What colour get well in purple?
Where can I find some good looking blackish/grayish jeans?
Is it safe for a man to wear a dress in public in Wichita, Kansas? I hear they are very conservative.
Can you wear leggings on a date?
Being a skinny guy, what should I wear on a date at the end of April?
Is it necessary for girls to wear a Salwar suit on the day of the 2017 NEET exam?
Do guys hate it when girls put on their boyfriend’s clothes? If so, why?
Could someone tell of some wood types/species used in the production of cloth pegs?
How does a girl who is new to wearing a saree get comfortable with it sooner?
What are some good cold weather clothing brands?
Do lawyers actually wear those expensive suits as shown in TV shows?
What features are indicative of a cheap suit?
What shall I wear for a job interview at a letting agents?
Does “new digs” mean clothing?
Is it offensive for Indians to wear their Swastika in the west?
What pants can I wear in the summer for air circulation?
What are all of the ways and traditions of wearing the saree (with images)?
Where can I buy quirky and funny graphic T-shirts?
Why does a western pop singer wear tarnished jeans, and a backwards cap whereas an Indian classical singer wears a pajama kurta, dhoti and remains very calm?
If a person was wearing a bright hat or weird outfit, would it make people more or less likely to remember their face?
What do metalheads typically wear?
Why do people like to wear hats?
Are there any brands of invisible socks that don't slip down off your heel?
Is a lint roller bad for clothes?
What dress are you wearing right now?
Should I hang or fold polo shirts?
Are there genuine women out there who enjoy feminine, straight, cross-dressing men?
Can I wear a suit for a university welcoming event?
What are some funny group dress up ideas?
I have my own in house label of t-shirts would you like to invest?
What do I need to know to design t-shirts for my brand?
Where can I find Australian manufacturers of plus size fashion women clothing?
Do you use a mirror before buying a piece of clothing?
Why do Muslim men wear feminine-looking suits with salwars without any design?
Are Bollywood themed t-shirts available anywhere?
Is it OK for a 14 year old boy to wear short-shorts to school?
What is your opinion about ripped jeans?
Where can I find goth clothes in China?
What are the best ways to wash colored clothes?
Would you agree to travel naked on the Delhi metro if you were paid one crore rupees?
Are ripped jeans allowed in Dubai?
What is the best beauty box to buy or deals to try (new makeup, clothes, hair products, etc.)?
What bottoms should I wear with a tunic top?
What are the best shirt brands in India? Why?
What’s the best kind of footwear to buy in the summertime for females?
Where is the best place to buy banded clothes at a great discount in Delhi?
How many fashion and apparel SKUs does a Target store carry?
Can I make my Chihuahua’s smooth coat long?
What are the accessories that will look good on a black saree?
If I convert through Orthodox Judaism, do I really have to dress the typical way they dress?
Can superstrings be woven into some type of fabric?
How likely are you going to wear a T-Shirt on Biharis?
How can I add value to clothes I produce?
What are the characteristics of a ponte skirt?
How can women who don't wear bras conceal their nipples in an easy and convenient way without sticking anything on the breasts?
How often per year can you go outside wearing no coats, just a t-shirt and shorts, in London?
Is it weird for a young man to wear women's shoes?
Is it good to wear cut sleeve banyans (vests) in the summer?
Where can I buy cheap and branded clothes in Vadodara?
What are the best places to purchase kids cloths in Tirupur?
Is it right for Indian women to wear short and revealing clothes and stay out till late at night?
Why does my wife believe that leaving clothes outside on the line to dry when it gets dark (not overnight) will make them wet?
What kind of dresses should I wear having a pear shaped body?
Why are cargo shorts so comfortable?
How do I start a clothing boutique business in Delhi?
Which government job in India has a red dress code?
Should people be barred from public places for wearing clothes bearing religious motifs?
What is the name of this T-shirt manufacturing factory in Shenzhen? https://www.everlane.com/factories/tailored-shirting
For those who dress to the nines and only wear name brand clothing, how has it improved your life? Do you find life easier as people respect money?
Are there types of jackets that can be used over suits but can also be worn during the summer?
Why don't Hindu men wear bindi on their forehead?
As a new teacher, how many dresses should I maintain to wear to school in a month? Does repetitive wearing of the same dress create any impressions?
By wearing decent clothes at public places, can incidents like molestation be avoided?
I’m launching an Indo-Western clothing line through e-commerce and designing clothes in house. Where can I source good fabric at wholesale prices?
What do vegan men in LA wear? Where do they get their clothes?
Which shopping app is the best for clothing wear in terms of quality, price, delivery: Myntra or Limeroad?
How should a mature woman dress?
What do you do when your neighbor sees you in pantyhose and sweatpants and converse? How do you make up for that?
Where is a good place for me to start making my own clothes kinda cheaply?
Is batik old-fashioned or just used in nightwear by Indians?
Is there any need to take permission for selling branded clothes?
Where can I find a Wolverine inspired t-shirt?
G? Is polyester cloth rough in wearing?
Should grown men wear overalls?
Where are best wholesale garment suppliers, fashion jewelry suppliers in Delhi NCR?
Why do girls wear short dresses and why they want to expose their body?
Is there any dress code in AIIMS?
How do you wear double denim?
What is the best way to wash a tie dye shirt?
Why do people like wearing the Rajputana dress nowadays?
What are the popular clothes websites in the U.S.?
What is the cutest cosplay outfit?
Why do men wear hats inside?
Where can I buy Marvel branded clothes in India?
What do you think if you get a box of trendy clothing each month for a particular subscription amount?
Is it a sin according to the Bible for men to wear leggings?
What are the best women’s panties for men?
Is there a seller of V-neck knit sweater in the Netherlands?
Who are suppliers and designers of trendy plus-size clothing in Australia?
Why do some people wear clothes with the square root of the answer?
Does anyone fall for the false compliments given at clothes stores?
Is it right to wear black clothes all of the time?
What are the top 10 international clothing brands?
What happens if I violate TCS dress code policy?
Where can I buy Star Wars branded T-shirts?
What are some creative ideas to make a traditional Native American dress?
How are size charts for apparel created, and why are they not standard across different brands?
How do you wear pantyhose so that you look more beautiful and slim?
Where do guys like Brett Baier get their suits and ties?
Do contestants on "the Voice" get free clothes for their live performances?
Can guys’ jeans be too tight?
What is the black and gold thobe called, i.e. the thobe that the 5 royals are wearing?
What is the best way to clean smelly workout clothes?
What are the stereotypes surrounding different jacket brands?
What colour shirts/outfits can be worn for an interview?
What are the key features needed for online custom tailor?
If we shouldn't care about how revealing clothes women wear, should we care about where they are wear such clothes? (Please read question description)
What are some jackets that can be worn over suit while wearable during summer?
What color pants go with navy blue shoes?
What are some fashion brands that specialize in graphic t-shirts?
What colours can I pair with purple tops?
Why is it that it’s mostly women from Bolivia who wear bowler hats and not men?
Can I request for a particular size of shirt on Amazon if that size is not available currently?
Why is it okay to wear western dress for men but not for women in Muslim society?
What are some creative ideas to wear a blue shirt and a green tie for a wedding?
What are some winter jackets that can be worn in the summer or as a motorcycle jacket?
Is there any type of jacket or poncho that law enforcement can wear to make them hard to see on video?
Where can I find a 42A push-up bra?
Why do the police wear navy blue?
How did you know that you need to start wearing a bra?
How can I tell what style suits my personality?
When you are being interviewed, are "worn" business casual clothes from goodwill going to be a problem?
Japan has a new shape wholesale regular school girls jacket?
When did leggings become acceptable as pants?
How can I hide self-harm scars and cuts while wearing a short sleeve?
Have your clothes ever came out neatly folded straight out of the drier?
Why don’t U.S. soldiers wear jeans?
What is the basic cost to manufacture a 100% cotton T-shirt?
Where can I find a good Punjabi tailor for men in Jaipur?
How does it look if one wears jeans with a fold on either side due to extra length?
Are clothes important for you?
Can a girl wear boy's sports shoes?
What are attractive clothing for 48 year old males?
Has anyone ever tried Lila Kass clothing? I am looking for the best size to order.
Where can I hire a fashion designer for my clothing startup?
If you are a straight guy, do you ever get turned on when you put on new underwear? Why?
What are some good wardrobe accessories?
How do you dry clothing when they are really wet at school and you have nothing to dry it with?
How do you wear your favourite long sleeve jumper?
Which is the best place in India to make bulk purchase for ladies and kids wears for business?
Which is the best formal dress color in men?
What should I wear in Snowdonia?
Which consumes more cloth, a shirt, a woman's suit, a t-shirt, jeans, a salwar kameez, or leggings?
Where can I buy some nice and fashionable Polo T shirts?
What's the best way to sell a 500-piece clothing wardrobe? Should I have a massive yard sale or turn it over to a professional clothing seller online?
How can I spot clean a wool suit at home?
What do you like about a ponte skirt?
Why do girls hitch up their mini skirts?
Why is male cross-dressing a turn on for some women (in the West)?
Should I wear a suit and tie to a job interview?
Which is the best dress for girls for interview?
Can I print my band’s name on a t-shirt and sell it?
What attire a girl should wear on first night after marriage?
Why does Indian women wear dupata/chadar?
Do people on Quora still commonly see people in sagging pants?
What is a ponte skirt, and how do you put one on?
What do you wear when glamping?
Where can we get cheap clothes in North Kolkata?
What are the must have wardrobe essentials for women?
What is a polo dress and where can I find one?
How do I react to my fiance who wants me to wear a kurti and shawl all the time?
Where can I find plus size Indian clothes?
What’s the buzz about polo dresses?
Who are some famous women who currently work in politics?
When did you wear your first bikini?
What t-shirt of yours gives you a lot of comments from others when you wear it?
What shoes does Stephen Gostkowski wear?
How can the history of pants be described?
What is the best outfit for friends?
What type of clothing looks attractive on a 48-year-old British male?
Does the vest you're wearing have to match your dress pants?
Is Far Infrared clothing popular?
Why do North Korean officials wear large trousers?
How do I style a simple black dress that is kind of casual military style?
While cooking yesterday I dropped some oil on my clothes. Do I have to send my clothes for dry-cleaning?
Why does the average Asian girl dislike wearing thongs, but Caucasian girls wear them so often?
Are girls also supposed to wear pants and a shirt for the TMISAT interview like the boys?
Why do girls wear sanitary napkin?
Where can you get a plus-size bikini for summer in the UK?
What are the best ways to remove gas smell from clothes?
What kind of dresses can I wear to hide my tummy?
Is it necessary to wear a dupatta at work in Pakistan?
Do tilted kilt girls wear pantyhose with their kilts?
Could a well dressed muscular person be mistaken as a gangster by the police?
What are the benefits to not wear watch?
Where can I buy cheap cloths in New Thippasandra?
Where can I get women's used pantyhose? I have a fetish and can't find anyone to give me any.
What clothing stores are best for tall, thin girls?
What pants should I wear to match white shoes?
The stains from my coloured clothes come off easily, but the whites are impossible. What are some suggestions?
How do I select product designs for a fashion apparel store?
When Western clothes can come India then why can't Indian wears like​ suit and sarees can go to Western countries?
Why does Mark Zuckerberg dress very simply while he's a billionaire?
What are the perks of wearing cargo shorts?
We are a buying agent for garments (ladies and kids wear) based out of India. How do we find genuine buyers from Europe and the USA?
Does wearing a one-piece dress require waxing of my legs?
Can they track me down if I made an accidental/unintentional ‘clothing exchange’ at a store? I was not caught but I’m scared.
Is it rude to ask workers to wear shoe covers inside my home?
What are good wholesale websites that sell trendy and "Tumblr-like"/"aesthetic" clothing for a future boutique?
What kinds of dresses are ideal for casual outings?
Why do we wear black goggles during the summer?
Why do some guys sleep with their hands inside their pants?
What should I wear to the office in Denmark?
Is it too late to buy Quilliam's "#Solidarity" T-shirt? Is it still available?
Why does Modi wear koti?
How can I look stylish in formal wear?
Is there any engineering college that has a dress code?
Is it weird to change between different clothing styles day to day?
How do some people who have the same clothes as us wear them better than us?
Do the soldiers posted to Siachen get to take home the expensive clothes that the Army issues to them, during their tenure? Can they be reused by them?
Did you wear rubber pants as a kid?
Do drying clothes in sunlight kill fleas?
Is there a size guide to convert between clothing in both USA and India?
What are the best and most reasonable clothing stores for women and kids in Budapest and Prague?
Where can I get cheap and stylish western wear for women in Thane or Mumbai?
What is the best way to set fabric dye?
How are the polo dresses available at Bewakoof.com?
What is SCARF?
How do I wear a top with long wide sleeves?
Who are the best tailors in Kolkata for saree blouses?
Can someone get pregnant while wearing clothes?
Do Muslim girls like to wear sarees?
What is the dress code for JEE advanced?
What do students wear at IIMs?
Why aren't there more people wearing blazers or suits?
When will Indian women change their national dress? It’s so embarrassing to see a teacher’s bodice in her national dress. I respect English dresses.
What clothes should you wear in summer?
How can I style my maxi dresses?
What are some online men's clothing stores in US?
What accessories can I wear with purple jeans?
Why has the standard formal dress for men remained almost completely unchanged since around 1960?
My girlfriend puts her string bikini on me and ties it really tight should it be really tight (top and bottoms)?
Which is the best place for formal wears in Delhi for females?
Why does my jacket zipper split?
Why are Americans so averse to men wearing speedos?
It's really cold outside and I have to walk 5 miles. Would a mink coat be warmer to wear inside out or the fur side out?
What's the secret of mixing clothes to look cool and well dressed?
How do I wear a detailed knitwear?
In which area of Bellary do we find wholesale jeans suppliers or manufacturers?
Is the luxury clothing market dying?
How do I wear a top with wide sleeves?
What is a lounge bra? Is it the same as a bralette?
What is a polyester velvet fabric used for?
What are some examples of the clothing worn by the Inuit?
Why don’t the top-most MNC's allow one to wear comfortable dresses like Google does?
How do I choose a business casual?
What is the dress code for WBJEE 2017 exam?
What should I wear with my sports jacket?
If you're genderfluid, can you choose to dress like a girl or boy whenever you want?
Do women notice what men wear?
What is the reason for choosing a black and white dress for a lawyer?
How can I style my pencil skirt?
How much can one earn selling T-shirts online in India?
What are good Korean fashion stores (web) for men?
Can you sell the goods (i.e., t-shirts and pins) you buy from custom product manufacturers at a professional retail store?
Would you let your man wear a mini skirt?
Does wearing thick rimmed glasses still make people look smart, or since everyone is wearing it now, it will only make you look hip?
What is the dress code for an orchestra in Vienna?
What are some clothing brands similar to "Violent Gentleman"?
What makes expensive clothes look so expensive and cool?
What is a different way 2 style my dungaree?
Can I make a wedding dress with cotton fabric?
Is it ok for a male high school student to wear white briefs?
Which online website provides a 50% discount on clothing?
When do you change into your sleep clothes?
Should I wear dresses to school?
What should be worn underneath a loose top that shows your bra?
Which place in Tiruppur is the best for purchasing good quality T-shirts (polo, round, V-neck) with reasonable prices? I’m planning to purchase 500 pieces.
Where can we get cheap clothes in Chennai?
If you have no clean underwear, is it better to go commando, or wear a used one?
What smart casual outfit looks good on every man?
How can I pair my suspenders with my outfit?
Is it hard to pull your tongue stretched out with your face looking at your shoes?
What are good sources to drop ship clothing from?
Do you need to wear compression pants (when hiking) if your thighs don't touch?
How can I wear a Belstaff jacket?
Which shirt looks good with a black coat and pants?
Can I wear a floral print skater dress for a farewell party at college?
If you took part in a challenge to dress for a week in a way that only allowed you to show your elbows and down, neck and up, and knees and down, what would you wear?
Where can I get water-based ink for hand-painting a t-shirt?
How is a polyester velvet fabric made?
Is it a good idea for a software developer to start a t-shirt business?
What is a good idea to wear to a retro theme party for men?
What would be the active voice of "all the clothes have been ironed"?
Why are men being called gay when they wear fashionable outfits?
Is there such a thing as a sheep in wolf’s clothing?
What are the different ways in which I can wear my polo shirts?
What colour shirt should I gift my husband to wear with his brown suit?
How do we recycle clothes into yarn?
What kinds of hats does Andrew Weill wear in the summer?
Why have jeans always been in blue or black colors for a very long time, and not in yellow, green, or orange colors? I love them.
What should I wear my crop tops with?
What is the best Waterfowl jacket?
Why do doctors need good outfits?
What are the main characteristics of a polyester velvet fabric?
What fabric clothing should I gift my husband for summer?
What color designer blouse is suitable for all silk saris?
How do I wear a stripe top?
Is stocklot garments are best for small shops?
Are flying machine jeans good?
Why do Indians no longer wear Indian clothes?
Who is interested in a custom t-shirt business?
What is your greatest risk at 20?
Which is best outfit/brand for running wear for the Indian Summer season?
What do I need to consider when I want to expand my customer base and increase sales of a traditional clothing line business?
How do you wear your favourite jumper?
What is the customs duty percentage on polyester shirts?
What does “Zoroastrian” mean, and why do people wear it as a necklace?
How were panties and thongs created?
What kind of bra is used in a saree blouse?
Why does my jacket zipper split?
Where can I find runway style clothing that isn't incredibly expensive?
How much are you willing to spend on a good MTM leather jacket?
Which bra is the best?
In which area of Bellary do we find wholesale jeans suppliers or manufacturers?
Will it be odd to wear a black waistcoat to a college farewell party?
What makes expensive clothes look so expensive and cool?
Can I wear a tuxedo with a skinny tie?
What would be the deciding factor on whether you buy a clothing brand or not?
When do you change into your sleep clothes?
Where is the factory for the production of graduating clothing for schools?
If you have no clean underwear, is it better to go commando, or wear a used one?
What are the best materials to do recycling or sustainable clothes?
Does full sublimation shirt printing cost less in larger quantities?
I'm a guy with a really long neck. Is there anything I can wear in the warmer months without making my neck look so disproportionately long?
How can I open my bra in front of a doctor?
What kinds of hats does Andrew Weill wear in the summer?
How do people dress for weather in the UK?
How do I dress for a nineties party?
What are the shirts I should wear with AV grey pants to look formal?
How can I change my CodeChef SnackDown T-shirt size after accepting a team invite?
Which dress is suitable for someone 6′8″, 60 kg, and with white skin tone?
What's the meaning of the extra fabric given behind the sport shoes?
How do I convince my mom to wear pantyhose more often?
Why has the standard formal dress for men remained almost completely unchanged since around 1960?
Is there a production facility for sweater shirt uniforms in Malaysia?
How many buttons are on a traditional 3 piece suit and pants? I'm also wondering if there is a button on the waistcoat pocket?
Is torn jeans an evergreen fashion?
Should I wear formals to my daily job at a cool startup?
What's the secret of mixing clothes to look cool and well dressed?
What is a lounge bra? Is it the same as a bralette?
Do women notice what men wear?
Where can I buy the shirts that Power Kalyan wore in the Katamarayadu movie?
What is the reason for choosing a black and white dress for a lawyer?
You have to pick 1 outfit to wear for the rest of your life. The outfit has to have been popular between 1500 and 1600, what do you wear and why?
What smart casual outfit looks good on every man?
How much profit percentage will a textile shop get by selling cloths?
What stores sell leather jackets?
What color coat suit should a groom wear if the bride will wear a yellow saree?
Would more people wear button covers if the design was fashionable?
What can we learn about a person from the clothes that they wear?
Is Roadster good for clothing?
What is the best Waterfowl jacket?
Why have jeans always been in blue or black colors for a very long time, and not in yellow, green, or orange colors? I love them.
What are the pros and cons of wearing permanent eyeliner?
Can you sell the goods (i.e., t-shirts and pins) you buy from custom product manufacturers at a professional retail store?
How do you wear a fedora and a suit without looking like an idiot?
What do you wear to a tech developer conference (business casual or street clothes)?
How do you wash a Ghillie suit?
Why do Indonesian people like to go to the beach with a jacket and jeans?
It's really cold outside and I have to walk 5 miles. Would a mink coat be warmer to wear inside out or the fur side out?
What do you think of the fashion industry's recent interest in a 'see now, buy now' business model?
What's the reasoning behind vegetarians not going entirely vegan? Also, do they wear clothes & buy products made of animal skin/fur?
What's the best target market for an interchangeable shirt button?
Can I put a black bow tie on with a white shirt and blue jeans, with blue loafers?
How should I dress to go to Ruth's Chris Steak House?
Which product has more sales after release of top rated movie (ex. clothes, bags, shoes)?
Is it ok for a male high school student to wear white briefs?
What is the dress code for boys during class hours at SSN College of Engineering?
Which events/interests led people to buy clothes, shoes, and bags?
Is apparel production a good choice for one’s career?
How do I get my husband to stop wearing fedoras with his suits?
Are there any clothing companies that make clothes for people with sensory issues?
Why don't we wear torn clothes? Sometimes they look great. What's wrong with wearing them?
Why do people wear overalls?
What​ type of underwear should I use for tight jeggings?
What age do Moorish men begin wearing a turban? Or can they continue to wear their kuli prayer cap in public?
Where can I get water-based ink for hand-painting a t-shirt?
How do panties and thongs differ?
If you saw a girl in booty shorts twerking in public while wearing hijab, what would you do?
What is the dress code for woman as per Vedas and Upanishads?
What color should a guy wear if the girl is wearing golden gown?
Do you have any suggestions for cute night dresses?
What are disposable garments? Where are they used?
What is the best way to get rid of static on my clothes? I tried the tissue paper thing and it absolutely did not work.
Are Kanvas by Katin board shorts good?
Do Muslim women wear skirts?
Where can I sell my preloved clothing in Singapore?
Is it normal to walk out of a clothing store without buying anything?
Should I ask my parents for boxers instead of female underwear?
Is "blazer quarter" from Myntra.com a good brand?
Why does David Beckham love wearing a grey T-shirt most of the time?
How can I get money as a teenager? I considered selling t-shirts, but I don’t really know.
Where do you buy salwar kameez online?
How can I start my own brand of clothing in India? Where do I find good quality of material manufacturers?
Can you please list the name brands of some quality dress clothes for men that you like?
Where can I buy khaki pleated short skirts from?
Is a light gray suit with a white shirt too casual for a school dance?
Why are microfiber cloths color coded?
Do I need special licensing to make a small clothing business with Snaptee/Spreadshirt or can I just sell the clothes online?
What accessories can I wear with purple jeans?
Can I wear a floral print skater dress for a farewell party at college?
How can I get in contact with a wedding dress designer?
What sort of bra can a man wear without showing straps through clothing?
Is it okay to wear the same underwear for two days?
Do French stores sell Indian women wear?
The gore of my perfect fitting strapless bra does not lie flat against my chest. Is it fine or should I change it?
Can I use pour-on high-finish gloss on fabrics?
Can the type of underwear which I wear affect my penis growth? I'm a bend down type.
Which is the best shopping mall or place to buy women clothes in Hyderabad?
What will happen if you do not wear underwear? Some people say that your testicles will start hanging. Is it true?
Would navy blue jeans go well with a cream turban and a peach t-shirt?
What type of clothing should I take to Paris and Engelberg during the last week of May along with my 65-year-old old parents?
Why are the names of the Korean and Chinese traditional clothing similar?
Where can I buy copies of branded t-shirts?
What’s nice winter clothing for a small dog?
Is it ok for a guy to wear polos tucked into jeans?
Why do girls wear shorts like Nike Pros under their skirts?
Why is it relaxing to walk around the house in your underwear?
Which fabric is the best for Muktsari/Punjabi kurtas?
Why do most metalheads dress inappropriately?
What is the most profitable way to sell t-shirts?
Where do I look for ladies’ fashionable (Western) garments in Delhi for reselling purposes?
Is it okay to show the shape of my penis when I am wearing trousers?
What do you think of this clothing named 'Saree'?
Why does the cheongsam of the Chinese have no pants?
When did British aristocrats stop wearing corsets?
Why are comparisons being made between the Swedish singer Robin Bengtsson and the clothing store Dressmann?
Which is the Muslim majority country where most women roam around wearing Western clothes?
Where can I shop for cheap designer clothes and shoes in Paris this May?
Would other Asians think it is weird if Vietnam brings back Le Dynasty clothing and start wearing it like ao dai?
Is there a dress code for cosmetic engineering students at RTMNU in Nagpur?
What type of clothes does a 38 year old man wear in Los Angeles during the summer and winter seasons?
How is cloth so cheap in Kolkata?
Is it possible to wear a wetsuit and swim breaststroke?
Where can I buy drop crotch jogger pants in India?
Why does pro golf insist on long pants?
Where is best saree production?
Why did women stop wearing frocks and skirts for a more feminine look, instead of jeans?
What is the dress code for a first year girl in RTMNU University of Nagpur?
How would one find out sell-through statistics for women's underwear in the EU?
Do women wear corsets today?
Is there a specific dress code or something like that, for the IIIT-HYD CLD course interview?
Is there a dress code in RTMNU Nagpur University?
What is the fascination behind women's hats?
Are there any life hacks to prevent creases on shirts?
Why do ancient Egyptian statues always have their clothes on but Roman statues mostly don’t have clothes on?
How can I export Indian sarees to the USA?
What types of beauty products are suitable for us?
Only jeans are allowed at my college. but in summer I get extremely sweaty and hot. What else can I wear that looks like jeans but are cooler?
What do I need to do to get my clothing line off the ground?
What are some good exhibitions for women’s clothing in Delhi?
Are coloured jeans going out of fashion?
What is six fabric in archaeology?
Where I can get affordable cloth nappies in Australia?
Why are Bombas "the most comfortable socks in the history of feet"?
What can I do to make sure no one sees that I'm wearing a thong?
What is twill fabric?
How do I get information relating to t-shirt printing with tprints?
Why do girls wear a transparent saree?
What are the issues with big size bra shopping?
What technologies do you think should be implemented in regular clothes?
What companies make up the supply chain of cotton textile products?
Which is the best segment to enter in garments / apparels in India?
Why are women in Chennai obsessed with wearing salwar kameez?
Where can I shop for good quality, fashionable but affordable (non-designer) shoes?
How do I make a shirt out of rock so that it will stay together?
Why are leggings no longer worn with American military uniforms?
Are the clothes you wear to school important?
Are all ages ok to wear white briefs?
What do you look for in women's sports bras?
How can I get a buyer of ready-made garments?
What is the dress worn by women working in the Delhi Secretariat?
Where can I buy the cute dresses and sweaters that Zooey Deschanel wears?
Do you feel pressure to wear expensive, designer clothes to school?
Can I print my own design that has a photo of a celebrity on a t-shirt, and sell it?
What kind of top will look good with a teal green silk skirt?
Should I get a pink or white Antisocial Social Club hoodie?
For someone who is getting old, how can they look better in dresses?
Where can I find clothing supplier from turkey or UK?
How can I make sure no one notices I'm wearing a thong?
Is fashion also a kind of uniform?
How do I find right compression socks?
What color is the Levi's 514 on the main store image?
How would you react to a guy wearing Quora t-shirt in Chandigarh?
What stores sell good and affordable dress shirts for women?
Is there any country that have blocked the entrance to Chinese clothes and textiles?
Do you have to wear a burqa in Iran?
Why do boys want their girls to wear a saree?
Isn't forcing women in Western countries who wear hijabs to unveil like forcing girls who don't wear it to wear it?
What are girls’ views on guys who repeat wearing their clothes twice a week in college?
If it were socially acceptable, would you wear sweatpants to a fancy event (like a wedding), or would you rather wear a dress? Why?
What do you think of Comme des Garcons mastermind Rei Kawakubo?
Do you have to wear a uniform to your school,or did you have to when you went to school? Do you like wearing a uniform?
Are there any vegan tweed-like fabrics that are not made from wool?
Why don't Royal Marines wear underwear when sleeping?
What is the dress code in DD target PMT?
Can I bring clothes in my hand luggage?
Where can I get t-shirts produced?
A turban of which color would go well with a blue t-shirt and green chinos?
What is regular fit pants?
Are drop crotch joggers comfortable to wear?
Can sperm travel through clothes?
If there is a dress code, then what is the dress code for girls?
Is there any mechanism behind the direction that a skirt will rotate during wearing?
How can I wear thongs without anyone noticing?
What does it mean when a woman bends over in front of you in just her panties and bra?
How do clothing lines get bigger?
What do women think about men wearing women thongs?
What is it when someone wants to look like you: copy your makeup, perfume, car and style of dressing?
Are shoes and clothes from brands like Allen Solly and Flying Machine, manufactured in India?
Can the way I dress decide my mood?
Where can I find a down feather jacket in Dehradun?
Why wear a cross if you don't even practice Christianty?
How do I start kids garments shops?
What do women think about men who wear string bikini underwear?
How do gap 1969 jeans fit?
Why do many people wear dark or mirrored aviator shades indoors, even in dark rooms?
Why did Marines stop wearing unit patches?
Which color turban match with peach shirt?
Why do some people still wear wristwatches in India?
How do I start my garments business with Indian buyer?
Is it illegal to wear a shirt with a torrent magnet link on it?
What can one wear on a corduroy trousers?
What shoes should I wear with my suit?
Where can I shop for French designer clothes and shoes in Paris?
What is your strangest story involving clothes?
What type of necklace color or choker is suited to this dress?
Must I wear a welding mask as a short order cook or just a hair net?
Do you agree that Indian girls should be allowed to wear anything that they choose?
How can we use clothes in a more sustainable way?
Why do saints wear saffron colored dress, any scientific reason?
Which shirt is good to wear with a pair of olive cargo pants?
Do you put your pants on first or your shirt?
How do I say that my clothes do not fit me anymore, implying that I have grown, in Spanish?
What's the most offensive t-shirt you've ever seen in India?
People look good in branded clothes and bad in non-branded. Is it ture?
Is color very important to you when you are buying clothes?
What are the best places to buy children's clothing in Paris?
What is the best to wear at beach parties?
Which sports bra fabric is better for aerobics - cotton, nylon, or polyester?
How often should you wash your underwear?
What men’s fit jeans brand do you highly recommend?
Where can I get the best options for Army mom t-shirts at the best price?
Why do some boys go swimming wearing a shirt?
What do K-pop idols wear under their stage outfits?
What do you look for when buying active wear, and what would you like to see more of?
What is the best way to wear crochet tops?
Which colors of apparel will look good on wheatish, warm-tone skin?
What top would go well with a houndstooth ruffled pair of pants?
Indian girls: if boys stop being attracted to the modern dresses you wear and instead like you in traditional dresses, will you change your manner of dress?
What would look better on a heavily armed woman: a blouse with cut sleeves or with 3/4th sleeves?
Where can I find a saree wholesaler in Pune?
As a black man (tall) I want to start wearing Korean fashion, very fond of it. Any advice? Is this even possible?
For situations where a dress code is based on gender, what do nonbinary people wear?
What type of underwear is good for an athlete?
What should I wear to a gymnastics meet?
Can you recommend dresses I can wear to an Indian wedding? I am the groom's sister and a teenager.
Why does my mom never wear underwear?
What does the term "engineered" mean when describing a woman's dress?
Are the members of Terrace House sponsored by clothing brands while on the show?
How do you create common clothes using cloths or pelts?
What's the process to get my garments marketed through local bazar?
Which colour matches with a pink shirt?
Where can I shop for reasonably priced classy tech-sales men’s clothes in the Bay Area?
What colour shirts are good for men?
What are the different clothes that a woman in Syria wears - including her undergarments?
Where can I buy jersey knit fabric in India? Jersey knit is the soft stretchy fabric that T-shirts are made out of.
What is the procedure to market our ready-made garments through a local bazaar?
How do I debate with someone who says, “women dress up sexily is indistinctly for men, if there were no men in the planet, women won't dress up sexily”?
What type of clothing do 19 year old women wear in Austria? I will be studying abroad in Salzburg this summer.
Can I wear a round-neck, full sleeve t-shirt with a polo t-shirt over it?
Do Indian guys wear the same clothes at school and at home?
What size Champion brand basketball jersey should I wear?
Do you wear underwear under yoga pants or not have any on when you wear them?
If you have sex with clothes on, do babies come?
Does SnorgTees actually pay you for your t-shirt ideas?
Should women wear skirts without panties?
Why do most Odisha men love to see Odisha women wearing a saree?
What​ does one wear in an engagement party?
What is best to wear at an engagement ceremony?
Why can’t a boy wear a bra, as it is a simple piece of clothing?
Can a Muslim woman wear all white clothing?
How tall are you, and what size are you in F21 dresses?
How do you get traditional Chinese dresses for women?
What are some of the best men's jeans?
Why did so many men stop wearing briefs?
Will a black cloth absorb more heat than a white cloth in a dark room?
What can married women wear at home other than a nighty?
What shirt looks good with sandal colour chinos?
What are the latest wedding fashion trends for summer 2017?
Where can I donate old clothes in Ernakulam?
What colour pants suit purple shirts?
What should I wear to a cotillion?
Where can you buy this fabric - 61% polyamide 39% elastane?
Why do my German friends in India freak out when I wear a T-shirt with an Indian swastika?
Where can I get bootcut jeans in Raipur?
What clothing and supplies do I need for attending a sound healing session?
Why do ladies mostly wear black bras?
Where do I sell t-shirts in Mumbai?
What are the characteristics of hippies style clothing?
Are expensive clothes better quality?
What should I wear in Edmonton (winter)?
What kind of clothing do the people of the Southern Paiute wear?
What idiot decided it was a good idea to give a 2 hour inauguration speech in the middle of winter not wearing a coat?
I wear dresses. I do not want to be a woman or look like a woman, I just like wearing woman's clothes, does this make me a crossdresser?
Where is a good place to buy choker sweaters?
Can someone help me with finding my bra size? My bust size is 36 inches and the under bust size is 28 inches. So what's my bra size in India?
Which are the best sites to buy affordable luxury clothes in India?
What is to be done when you have too much body hair and want to wear dresses with stylish cuts?
How does an underwire lend support to a bra?
What are the best ways to size compression shorts?
Who makes the most purchases of t-shirts in India, men or women?
How can I open the market of winter jackets in EU?
How do I find a good manufacturing company (US or foreign) if I wanted to start my own cycling apparel label?
How far back should your dress shirt or suit jacket sleeves come when you lift your arms?
Which colour of blazer, shirt, suit, and tie should I wear to complement a golden cream and red coloured lehenga on a bride in a wedding?
What is your preferred online clothing store for kids?
Where can I find the best urban wholesale apparel blanks?
How can one sell products at MSG Apparels Brand outlets?
Why do we wear formal dress for an interview? Why should we choose bright colors for shirts and dark for pants?
What should I wear for Easter holidays?
Why is it when people see ghosts, they always describe what they are wearing? How can clothing become spiritualised?
What are the best ways to keep clothes looking like new?
What would people prefer between authentic luxury clothing or replica ones?
Are the two ribbons hanging from the front/bottom of my corset for something special?
What is a good way to make a One Direction shirt?
What colour blazer, shirt, and tie should match a golden cream and red coloured lehenga (ghagara)?
What is an alternative to a frock coat?
What's the name of the shirts with numbers on them?
What store with maternity clothing would you recommend?
What top goes with this black draped skirt?
Which colour waist coat should I wear with an orange coloured shirt?
Whats size comes after 18/20 in boys’ clothing?
How can you get fingernail polish out of clothes?
What should I wear with harem pants?
How do you wear a Kuchipudi saree?
Where can I buy level IV bullet-resistant clothing?
I’m 5'10 and weigh 145 pounds. Which dress size should I choose?
Where do small-framed men with slightly larger hips buy clothes?
Can someone tell ways to tie a scarf on the face for protection from sun?
It is said by someone that if IITs didn’t have a dress code that students would come even in tracks and shorts. Is it true?
What is your favorite item of clothing and why is it your favorite?
What was the most classy and chic dress you have ever worn and on what occasion?
Is it legal to sell branded clothes bought from factory outlets?
What colors for a blouse top do American people like best?
How do apparel brands communicate in China?
What should boys wear in their own house for Shaadi?
Can I wear a Hasidic hat if I'm half-ethnically Jewish?
What should I wear with a green apple kurti?
Is there any online website that sells urban dress that can replicate photos of a dress if I send them?
Do I need a tech pack for manufactures to make custom suits?
Is desi cotton use for production of cloths?
What are ways to spread your clothing brand?
Why do people wear fashion headbands? What’s the motive behind it?
What are the best cloths/costumes/attire for the couple to be wore for pre-wedding photoshoot?
Have you seen a man wearing women's underwear who didn't know they were showing?
How do you make smooth leather gauntlet?
How do you dress formally (for an interview, for example) as a non binary person?
Are sweatpants suitable to wear throughout the day?
Are jogger pants athletic wear or casual wear?
What accessories do I need with a white and golden lehenga with a red dupatta?
What bra should I wear with a halter dress?
What kind of dress should I wear to my sister’s marriage ?
Do girls notice a difference in the attention they get when they’re dressed up, as opposed to dressed down?
Which one do people like the most, a blouse or tunic?
Where can I sell packs of socks in wholesale?
What jacket was Casey Affleck wearing in Manchester by the Sea?
How much material is used in traditional Indian attire for men?
I am opening a small clothing boutique and have picked a name but need to create a logo, where should I do this?
Can I wear my Rolex Submariner to a formal affair?
What color shoes and shirt can I wear with blue pants?
How can I quickly find a garment buyer in Mississauga?
Does wearing a short dress depict a woman’s character?
Why do cyclists wear those awful lycra suits? Given they have so many logos on them I can only assume they get paid for wearing them?
How do you prepare for a semi-formal (male)?
Where can I find urban streetwear in India?
Should I soak my Levis raw denim jacket?
Which is best brand for workout wear?
Why do soccer goalies wear gloves?
How do you remove Sharpie from fabric?
Why do people feel like they need to wear traditional Indian clothing in order to be "spiritual"?
Is it offensive to wear a hijab?
Why do we invariably wear out our left socks first?
Where can I get buyers for wholesale garments lot in Mississauga?
Which shirt goes with a pyaji coloured blazer?
What was the heaviest make-up you have ever worn and on what occasion?
What is pouch underwear?
When Buffy the Vampire Slayer "dusts" a vampire, why do the vampire's clothes also disappear?
What is the difference between shift dress and A-line dress?
Do I have to go to clubs just to see women in dresses?
What type of dress/saree should I wear for my elder brother's marriage?
What do you wear with high tops?
What should I wear for an Amity interview as a student?
Why do clothes look like they would be more comfortable to wear inside out, but aren't?
Do you believe in “try before you buy” with respect to clothes?
What would the most effective suit of armour be made of?
What are some of the Indian origin T-shirt brands to watch out for?
What kinds of clothing styles are American women wearing during this summer season?
Where can I buy readymade t-shirts in bulk in Mumbai?
What is the best place to find a good source of tie dye fabric?
Is sewing your own clothes cheaper than buy them?
Why do girls buy sexy bras but not panties? I've noticed this in cases of many women.
Why are sleeveless dresses frowned upon in Indonesia? Indonesian women used to wear tube top dresses.
Can a character wear two magical items on their neck?
What does it mean when a man you're dating buys you underwear?
What should a 52 year old wear?
Can petite women wear maxi tops?
Is Fashionothon selling women’s army t-shirts online?
How much investment for a small t-shirt printing business need?
What are your tips and tricks on how to wash clothes by hand?
Can a girl wear a formal pant and formal shirt for the PI at Christ University for a B.Com?
How do I find distributors for my clothing line in Mumbai?
What is a brilliant way for a woman to carry her smartphone, if she doesn't want to carry it in her purse or pockets?
Why don't Indonesian women wear tube tops (kemben) anymore?
What's the difference between a kilt and a skirt?
Where do we get pure linen fabric in India?
How do you stretch out t-shirt sleeves?
Is it legal to re-sell vintage clothing on your website?
What is the market size for women's wear contemporary apparel?
What are the best bra types to wear for saggy boobs? And how do you get a firm and stiff shape?
How can I remove a security tag left on my shirt?
What causes yellow stains on clothes and how can the same be prevented from occurring in the first place?
How do I liquidate surplus T-shirts in Mumbai?
Are there any women out there who don't have a problem with seeing men in women's clothes (women's long, puffy winter coats, for example)?
How can I determine a girl's bra size without her knowledge?
What markets in India are there with high quality garments but at very cheap prices?
Do they have a dress code in Vibrant Kota?
Can I spot a succesfull person by the way they dress?
Has the SunFrog T-shirt platform been closed?
How do I find traders to sell my apparel line in Mumbai?
What kind of saree should I wear for practicing a drama?
Do online sleeveless kurtis have unstitched sleeves?
Why don’t women agree to the fact that wearing a miniskirt is purely to show off and to grab attention?
What men's underwear to be worn in summers?
Can I determine whether a person is successful depending on the way they dress?
Is there a smarter way to pair socks? Or do I just hate it?
Why do some girls enjoy showing their underwear above their trousers?
Is Xclusiveoffer selling women’s army T-shirts online?
Do women in the KKK wear the same outfits?
Can I alter my double-breasted blazer to single-breasted?
Is dealsothon selling mens army tshirt online?
When selling T-shirts online, is Amazon onto something and it is better to offer one high-quality shirt in a few colors instead of offering a variety?
What are the best places outside India to get cheap T-shirts at lowest prices?
I never wear shoes with shoelaces. Do you really think shoelaces are more efficient or just used for style?
What is a casual business attire?
Can you wear a tux with a tie?
How can I remove dried latex paint from clothing?
What’s your favorite piece of clothing you own / owned?
Why did boys wear really short shorts in the 30s through the 60s?
Can I wear shorts in Iran? I am male.
What are the best ways to remove scorch marks from a white shirt?
Does Bealls Outlet allow women to try on bras?
Who would dare to wear bare-butt jeans?
Is dealsothon selling womens army tshirt online?
What is your favourite dress style?
Where do I find wholesale suppliers for kids’ clothes?
What are some examples of non flammable clothing?
Where can I find some decent clothes for a decent price?
How do Billabong board shorts fit?
Is Fashionothon selling men’s army T-shirts online?
How do you dress Americana style?
Is Xclusiveoffer selling men’s army T-shirts online?
What are good brands for men's shorts?
How many straight men wear women's panties, and why?
What is the best zipper style?
Which is best and pocket friendly compression t-shirt in India?
How can I convert my love for fashion (clothing) and my desire to be hospitable into a career?
What are band clothing lines?
Is the price of clothes and other fashion items significantly cheaper in India than in Nepal?
What is some best casual shirt for my first date with purchase link?
What is the best online retailer for buying a raw denim jacket?
What color of women’s socks go with khaki pants and loafers?
Are solar jackets useful/worth buying?
What color shirt goes best with olive-colored pants?
Are mini skirts and short shorts acceptable attire at tech companies like Google and Facebook?
Is it better to use a heat press and make your own shirts to sell or simply buy them?
How big is an E-cup bra?
Why do girls or women in the USA wear sport shorts while hanging out and not normal jeans/cotton shorts?
In which stream is a black coat used in the government jobs?
Is it okay to wear a Gomed again after wearing it for a year? I'd worn a Gomed during the Antardasha of Rahu. Now can I wear it again?
Who keeps clothes longer, men or women?
What is the best brand of black jeans to buy in India?
Which place is famous for manufacturing kids’ wear?
Where can I sell non-branded used clothing in India?
How do I deal with my extremely conservative and religious parents telling me to "go die" when I wear a t-shirt?
What are the good and affordable brands of black jeans for women to buy in India?
How can one buy clothes in bulk in China from South Africa?
What is silk used for in clothing?
Where do I get flicker hoods t-shirts for wholesale?
Is it mandatory to wear a blazer during the Deloitte onboarding program?
Is Akihabara a good place to buy T-shirts?
How do I outsource jeans manufacturing in Delhi?
Why do synthetic shirts smell bad?
Why does my mom hide my shirts?
How do hipsters dress like?
What is “cambric cloth”? Does it have any name in Hindi (we need cambric cloth for SUPW)? Could you attach a pic?
Which color blouse will match a yellow saree?
How do compression shorts differ from boxer briefs?
Which type of dress is best for girls in interviews?
Is it appropriate to wear shorts in Japan?
Where can I buy a Spider-Man dress for adults in Hyderabad?
What should be the dress code for a girl banker?
Should we wear underwear at home also?
What do you think about the dress code in your college?
How do you wear a maxi dress and white sneakers?
Where can I get wholesale clothes for business in Delhi?
What percentage of people in ancient China could afford to wear silk?
What are granny panties?
How can one dress stylishly in a budget here in the Philippines?
When interviewing for a technology company, is it better to dress with a suit and tie or more casually? Is it rude to ask HR before interviewing?
How can you describe Italy's traditional clothing?
How do I find out which manufacturer of H&M produces a specific pair of their shorts?
What is a t-shirt bra?
Where can I buy shape wear for men in Coimbatore?
How should I dress if I have broad shoulders?
What color and type of tie shall I wear for an interview?
Can you be sued for wearing a T-shirt in front of a camera?
What are some of the best boots to wear with skinny jeans?
How should I get my 2-year-old little girl ready for a dress ball?
When flying United, what would be a good T-shirt to wear in protest of their dragging a paid customer off a flight?
Why do people pay a lot of money for clothes?
Has anyone used Forevershop.in for selling products online?
How do I match the color of a turban with clothes?
Is it not odd to wear off-shoulder tops at a dance party?
If I met ladies on the street and asked to buy the panties they were wearing for $20, would they sell them to me?
What is the actual cost of Levi’s jeans?
How are the different types of linen fabrics used?
Why do we wear cotton clothes in summer?
How do strapless bras work?
Why does academic dress look stupid?
Are chinos the right outfit on a blazer and shirt? I have a purplish-blue blazer in that light blue shirt and black chinos.
Are darker colored pants better during the winter?
Where is the best place for manufacturing clothes in India?
Any good tailor in Lucknow for stitching lehengas?
Which place is most famous for jeans and pants in India?
How do I avoid my pants rubbing on my legs and butt on a motorcycle in the summer?
Does wearing a tight tank top help in achieving a good upper body?
What are some good domain names for a T-shirt business?
Who provoked Gandhi Ji to give up his Western clothing?
Where​ should I get flicker hoods t-shirts for reselling in Andhra Pradesh?
Why shouldn't we have to wear jeans often? Is there any problem with that?
Which Indian online shopping ships clothes and accessories internationally?
Where can I buy frilly shirts and blouses cheap?
What causes hole to randomly appear in your shirts?
What colour blouse goes with a coffee brown saree with golden borders?
What would be appropriate women's formal wear for a Defence interview in India?
How big is the G cup bra?
Why do some people think that if a person wears any clothes from the Being Human brand, then he/she is a huge Salman Khan fan?
What could be the beach outfit for lean men?
What is corporate attire for ladies?
What is the best suitable dress for a marriage function for men?
What do we call cloth made of silk?
Is it really necessary to wear a jockstrap or a supporter during gym activities?
If a man asked a women for her panties to wear daily, would she be likely to give him at least a pair?
What do you call a jersey without sleeves?
Where can I get Tussar Silks saree? And what is Tussar Silk?
Are Armani jeans overpriced?
What margin/commission do Amazon charge for selling ready-made shirts?
Where can I buy chocolates and a new born baby dress in Paris for a low price?
What is the proper name of jeans that are “knee cut”?
Does any girl wear the same bra repeatedly for days without washing?
What should I wear to an interview at Square?
How could I export branded clothes defected/cut to India?
Why are men's shorts down to the knee and women's down to the crotch?
How comfortable are Indian girls to share their bra color?
What should I do if my husband asks me to wear western clothes which I am not comfortable with and I could not deny him as we are recently married?
Why is it uncomfortable for one who is new to wearing sarees?
How can I carefully wash black pants?
If a t-shirt and jeans cover the body more than a sari does, then why are Indians mostly against girls wearing t-shirts and jeans?
What do fashion designers wear?
Which colour top goes best with denim jeans?
What is the purpose of a thermal sweater?
Is it possible to create a skin-tight spacesuit that is flexible, pressurizes the body, etc., by using a tightly-compacted porous-like gel, or something?
How do we test fast different colors of embroidery on a fashion product (virtually) before we manufacture?
Are there any professional certificates in the apparel industry?
What are some things to understand before buying lace underwear?
What are the best shirt colors for girls?
What are the brands to buy shirts for girls?
What is the best way to sell advanced wound care dressings like foam dressings, silicone foam dressings, and alginate dressings, etc.?
Where in India can I get fabric for manufacturing ladies' garments, as I'm a small-scale startup?
What do guys usually wear in snow weather?
Does it make ladies angry when they wear a short skirt and catch guys trying to get a look up at their panties?
How do you adjust your pants at the hip?
How do I get good, stylish Indianwear for men in Bangalore/Bengaluru?
Do residential care homes cater adequately for people who cross dress?
What are warm materials/clothes for the winter?
Can people tell the difference between expensive and cheap clothing?
Are pre-orders a good way of funding a startup clothing brand?
Where do I find best tailors (considering for a suit) in Pune?
Is there any way to make a dress puffy or flared without a petticoat? Is there a half petticoat?
What type of machine is required to stitch a tee shirt?
What are the best dyes to use for a tie dye shirt?
What is the rate for surplus garments?
What is a good split for ordering women’s T-shirts?
Where in India can we find different fabrics for a small scale manufacture of clothes for a fashion startup?
Why should you machine wash your clothes with warm water?
What are some good minimalist outfits?
How can a starting clothing brand get money to buy stock quickly?
What is butt lift underwear?
What type of clothes should I wear in Hyderabad during summer?
Is it true that 't-shirts' and 'jeans' are banned in BHU?
Is it strange if you have only one pair of shoes?
Where and to whom can I sell my dress designs?
What is the one thing that frustrates you when selecting clothing for your body?
What are cheap places to buy stylish clothes in Delhi?
How is TTV Dinakaran so composed even after being exposed in the note-for-vote? Is he really not guilty? This emperor seems to wear invisible clothes.
Where can I buy women shorts online?
How can I get rid of the cooking smells in my clothes?
Can I scold the tailor who stitched my beautiful dress very badly, or should I excuse him?
What is the best way to succeed in T-Shirt selling?
Can a guy wear one-piece bathers?
What do girls wear to bed? Is there a certain way they lay down?
What are the recognized certificates in apparel and clothing in Sri Lanka?
What sort of saree would suit a young girl better - cotton or synthetic?
What is the traditional dress for Telugu engagement?
How do you wash a thermal sweater?
What is the best way to put a shiny coating (paint or any other material) on canvas cloth?
What clothes brand has a crown with lines under it?
Is it a stupid idea to buy designer clothes if I'm getting them at 5 to 20% off msrp at age 20?
What are ideal casual office clothes for hot offices?
Where can I find cheap women blazers in Calgary?
What are the recognized certificates for appeal and clothing?
What is a source of linen shirting fabric in cut pieces or surplus fabric in lots or bales in India?
Where can a tall male shop for clothes that fit him in New Zealand?
How do you get rid of Indian cooking smells from clothes?
What goes well with leggings in winter?
When washed with colors, why do whites turn red instead of blue or yellow?
Which brands of diapers are best worn unobtrusively under work trousers?
How long should a pair of washed denim jeans last?
Is there an online store to buy clothes for overweight men that ships worldwide?
What are some striking, nontraditional wedding clothes?
Why are the Arsenal players wearing tight jerseys?
What are the best women's workwear brands?
Can short girls wear capri/cropped pants?
I have a Jodhpuri jacket (not too formal type). Can I wear it with shirt (collar) and dark denim jeans. If yes, shall I keep the jacket unbuttoned?
Is wearing black skinny jeans with black steel boots, as a guy, a bad idea?
When unsure what to wear, is it best to dress up or dress down?
How can you avoid telling people what size you are? I'm plus-sized but I look good. I know how to dress for my size?
What colour clothes go together?
Why do t-shirts and other clothes always have the XL and S sizes left over?
What size would I buy in women's shirts from American Eagle if I normally wear a large in men's?
What are waterproof jackets made of?
Why is girls’ underwear softer than boys’ underwear?
What is the dress code for girls at Christ University (M.A. English)?
Is it gay to roll up jeans?
Can a girl wear formal pants and a white shirt for the PI in Christ University for a BCom?
Do people buy similar colored and patterned clothes?
How common is it for married men to change underwear?
Which is the famous market for marriage garments in Kolkata?
What type of rays would need to be emitted to be able to see through clothes but nothing else?
Why is casual dress allowed on Fridays in Indian IT companies?
Which color belt goes well with green trousers and a blue t-shirt?
Can you wear short dress during your periods?
What dress did Mary Stuart actually wear to her execution?
Can machine washable dress shirts be washed by hand?
What color jackets does an American Airlines pilot wear?
Why do women wear gold?
What happens if somebody sees me in my briefs or underwear?
How can I dress to attract boys?
Where can I buy a good leather jacket in Kanpur at a decent price?
I’m going out of town. I have 3 pairs of jeans, 5 shirts, and 2 pairs of shoes. How many different outfits can I put together?
Are women happy behind burqas? Don't they ever feel like stylizing their hair and wearing nice fashionable clothes?
What fabrics and clothing does Van Heusen use?
What do people wear to a gay circuit party?
What should I wear with pink kurti?
Where can you buy cloths which suit Switzerland weather in Bangalore?
Where do we get good ethnic wear in Delhi?
Where can I get great deals on t-shirts?
How can I convert 34F US bra size to Fr size?
Why don't the Chicago White Sox wear the white jersey with black sleeves anymore?
Should a manager participate in a casual Friday dress code?
How do you sell clothes on Poshmark?
How do you feel about girls wearing bootie short?
What do men wear that women love?
What is the best online shopping center for ethnic wear?
How do I convince some one to buy a suit?
Why does underwear have so much importance?
Will the world ever see a generation living naked, like primitive man?
What does Fukc mean, as it appears in the name of the Fukc Clothing Company?
Is regional dress allowed in the WBJEE?
Can boys wear dupatta?
Where can I buy women’s clothing sized 0/2 in the UK?
How can I dress well as an 18 year old male?
What should you wear when you are going to a night executive program and a night casual program?
What kind of casual shoes can you wear with shorts?
Do SSCBS students wear suits?
Why do some women (in India) cover their breast (with cloth)?
How can I start my clothing line with just 5000 rs?
What made wearing tighter suits and clothes more popular?
What companies sell non-branded, high quality, smart, casual clothes?
Can chinos be worn with a t-shirt?
How can kids dress punk in school with restrictions?
Is there any dress code for student at JIPMER?
What is the best way to wash white cotton clothes?
How does one get a clothing brand more popular?
What should I wear to an interview at Chipotle?
What is the best fabric cloth for formal trousers in the Indian climate?
Do you have to dress modish all the time?
What should be the name of the new brand of undergarments for men and women?
When is the best time to wear a striped sweater?
Which lashes is Huda wearing on her packaging?
What kinds of watches are suitable for men with thin wrists to wear?
What are some great chino brands for men?
Unneeded and Edited
Where can I get high-resolution sitting pattu saree images?
Where in Kolkata can I get a wholesaler for our ready-made men's wear?
Where can I get First Copy clothes in Ludhiana?
What should I know before starting apparel photography?
How can I wisely sort through my storage closets and systems to get rid of excess clothing?
Which ethnic dress of India do you find the most elegant?
Why do the ends of my foamed/padded bra cups show?
How does an ISFJ like to dress?
Where can I get first copy branded clothes in Ludhiana?
Is it bad to dress warmly in order to get rosy cheeks and a nice glow?
Why do most Swiss girls dress like it’s the 1980s?
Which is the best T-shirt printing machine to buy? My budget is under 50k.
How do I know that a dress code is genuine?
Where can I buy a safety jacket?
How do I cover up if I am too fat to fit into normal clothes?
What should be the priority for dressing appropriately, style or comfort?
What kind of apparel should Indian IT employees wear?
Someone buys an item on the first day and gets a receipt. On the next day, he picks the same item in the store and returns it. What can we do to avoid this?
Where can I get the best first copy clothes in Pune?
Where can I buy T-shirts in India?
Is Coimbatore or Tirupur the best place to buy clothes (all textiles, shirts, sarees, kurtas, etc.)?
What are good colour combinations for men's clothing in general?
How can I connect to garment manufacturers in India?
How common is it for married men to change underwear?
How can I render the uploaded fabric pattern into different parts of shirts?
Where can I find out more about Poppys Apparels?
Which are the best places to buy clothes in Gujarat?
Which t-shirt looks better with a dark blue blazer?
What if we don’t have the proper material to design a dress? How can we simply design some dresses at home?
Do hoodies help with stealth?
What colour pants suit purple shirts?
Can machine washable dress shirts be washed by hand?
Why is learning business English important for an apparel merchandiser?
Which colours should I use on fabric for hand prints?
Is it okay to wear shorts on a flight?
Which is the best place in Delhi for buying Indian wedding clothes?
What are some good cheerleading practice outfits?
Do you agree that Indian girls should be allowed to wear anything that they choose?
Are girls allowed to wear sleeveless tops for NEET 2017?
Why does a girl’s buttocks catch her clothes on standing?
What has been the growth of sustainable clothing companies?
What dress to wear for my engagement next month? I stay in Bangalore. Suggest me a good place for purchasing these.
Who was the best-dressed person at the Met ball?
What can men wear under boat neck tshirts?
Where is the best place to go to buy good quality urban clothing at wholesale, for a small store?
In which websites can I find custom T-shirts with quotes?
What are some examples of the clothing worn by the Inuit?
Why is The Kaaba wrapped in black cloths?
What are some casual yet fancy outfits?
How can you describe the different types of cardigans?
What are the rules for decent dressing?
Do women like men in man thongs?
Which brand of jeans should I buy that will survive an entire semester without a wash?
Where do you buy plus-size lingerie in Australia?
Are there any women out there who don't have a problem with seeing men in women's clothes (women's long, puffy winter coats, for example)?
How do I become an apparel manufacturing partner for brands such as Nike, Under Amour, Uniqlo, etc.?
Why do girls wear shorts like Nike Pros under their skirts?
Why can't we wear black coloured clothes in the NEET in 2017?
What is the dress code for women in tirumala?
How should I wear pastel colours in summer?
I'm a guy with a really long neck. Is there anything I can wear in the warmer months without making my neck look so disproportionately long?
Do you use a mirror before buying a piece of clothing?
Are Bollywood themed t-shirts available anywhere?
What should I wear to an interview at Chipotle?
Do husbands and wives wear pantyhose together?
What are some websites like SSENSE? How do you sell your clothes to them?
Is cotton or viscose better for t-shirts?
Where can I find material and ann excellent tailor for a man’s Indo-western outfit in Pune?
Aren’t jeans uncomfortable? Is it weird that I do not wear them?
Do you ever wear 2 stoles at graduation?
Which four coats are there? There’s the white coat for doc, black for lawyer. What are the other two?
What are some examples of the clothes used during the Industrial Revolution?
Which consumes more cloth, a shirt, a woman's suit, a t-shirt, jeans, a salwar kameez, or leggings?
What's the best way to sell a 500-piece clothing wardrobe? Should I have a massive yard sale or turn it over to a professional clothing seller online?
What is the best way to clean a wool hat at home?
What is your favourite dress style?
What type of colours are used on fabrics for hand printing?
Can I wear a bra under my leotard in an aerobics competition without it being really noticeable?
Why do Indian husbands want wives to wear exposing clothes?
Why do security guards almost always wear suits?
What materials do you need to make a traditional Mexican dress?
What is the best season to buy marriage clothes and usual clothes in Ahmedabad?
How can I open my underwear in front of a lady doctor?
What are the differences between a French cuff and a standard cuff?
What kind of shoes should a guy pair with jeans and a casual shirt?
What do you think of the recent Alia Bhat pic in which she is showing her bra strap in a dress, do you think it is a good style statement?
Where is the best place to buy banded clothes at a great discount in Delhi?
What are some good socks to wear with combat boots?
Has anyone missed the familiarity of their old fat bodies to the point where they put on old fat clothes or stuff their clothes to look like their old shape?
What is silk used for in clothing?
Can V-neck T-shirts be worn to semi-formal events?
How do the rich get rid of their clothes?
Do I have to go to clubs just to see women in dresses?
What kinds of clothing styles are American women wearing during this summer season?
What are best dressing hacks for typical Indian boy?
Why do women and girls like to wear sleeveless dresses? Why do they prefer sleeveless dresses to those with full sleeves?
On which occasion can I use black long gloves?
Which organic garments are best to use to make T-shirts?
Which are the various neck designs in women’s dresses?
How do I outsource jeans manufacturing in Delhi?
Are there any professional certificates in the apparel industry?
What colour shoes should I wear with a green ball dress?
Why do ladies in India still wear sleeveless tops knowing the fact that most of the men have fetish towards armpits?
Has wearing a safety pin stopped much violence against women in Muslim countries? Have the Women's March pink hats done much better?
How do hipsters dress like?
Can anyone suggest the best domain name for an e-commerce website?
Where can I find NSIT printed t-shirts?
Which color blouse will match a yellow saree?
How is cloth so cheap in Kolkata?
Are pre-orders a good way of funding a startup clothing brand?
What is your review for Triveni Sarees in Surat? Should I go for a sakambari silk?
What is the purpose of wearing a gold chain?
Where can I buy drop crotch jogger pants in India?
What are the best ways to remove sweat stains from hats?
What is the dress code at ANZ Operations and Tech, Bangalore?
Do you like to wear short dresses?
What color shirt goes with blue pants?
How did people wear clothing in Ancient Israel?
What are the best online Indian clothing stores?
Where can I buy cheap and branded clothes in Vadodara?
How would one find out sell-through statistics for women's underwear in the EU?
What should be the dress code for a girl banker?
What do girls wear while swimming?
How is the market like in Auckland for Traditional Indian ethnic wear?
In what countries is it more popular to wear brown shoes instead of black ones?
Is there a dress code in RTMNU Nagpur University?
Do women in the KKK wear the same outfits?
Where and when was the first Torc worn?
What color coat suit should a groom wear if the bride will wear a yellow saree?
What's the name of the shirts with numbers on them?
How should I convince my parents that wearing a silver chain around my neck won't affect my upcoming results in any way?
What type of men’s underwear attracts women the most?
Is there a dress code for the entrance exam at Manipal University for girls?
Is Far Infrared clothing popular?
Can boys wear stole?
How do I remove cat's blood stains from my white color upholstery?
What is meant by a formal dress in India?
There is a trend that women dressing sexily is purely for themselves: how does that make sense?
Is there a demand for traditional Bangladeshi or Indian clothing in the US?
Can I wear a royal blue suit with black trousers?
If you see a man in a coffee shop who is wearing a suit and working on his MacBook, would it be safe to assume that he is an MBA student?
Is it okay to exchange bras sometimes, if my hostel roommate has the same size?
Which is the best T-shirt printing machine to buy? My budget is under 50k.
How can you make a Mexican dress?
Can straight pants be worn with a kurta?
What is twill fabric?
What type of dress can I wear on Griha Pravesh?
How should I wear short knitted cardigan?
Why do girls used to wear cut sleeve banyan like boys?
What are some reasons for not having to wear a school uniform?
How can I get quality material like the Allen Solly t-shirt material?
Is there any course to learn sewing of jean pant?
Can a character wear two magical items on their neck?
Where can I buy a good leather jacket in Kanpur at a decent price?
How do I design a blouse having thick fabric for a fat lady?
What is the best online service in terms of price and quality balance for printing custom clothing?
Is it legal to sell branded clothes bought from factory outlets?
What kind of suit is in trend nowadays?
How can I get a maximum discount and the best cloth combinations for men on Myntra?
Should a manager participate in a casual Friday dress code?
Why do guys at my gym wear thong underwear?
What type of saree is best suited for summer?
Why did three burqa-clothed sisters kill a man in Sialkot Pakistan, who allegedly committed blasphemy in 2004?
Are their any underground clothing companies that still create Hip Hop style baggy jeans for men?
What are the best ways to remove curry stains from clothing?
How do you wash polyester clothes?
Why should a man have a good physique to wear a cut-sleeve banyan?
How did guys wear neon in the early 90's, before grunge?
Why do people with shirts tie sweaters on their shoulders?
What should a girl wear for an IITs interview?
What's the male equivalent of a sports bra?
Where can we get wholesale clothing in South India?
Where can one buy mom jeans in India?
What is the cutest cosplay outfit?
Is there such a thing as a sheep in wolf’s clothing?
What is the proper name of jeans that are “knee cut”?
What are the sizes XX and EL in United Colors of Benetton T-shirts for kids?
How do I make my blazer coat?
In June, I want to visit Gangotri and beyond (Gaumukh, etc.). What is some advice about weather, path, food, clothing, etc.?
Are there going to be any changes in dress code with keeping Muslim students in mind and the recent bra incident for NEET 2018?
What are the costs of different fabrics available in the Indian market? What are the highest and the lowest prices of these fabrics?
How much UV, if there is, will be blocked by our common clothing?
What would have been the male equivalent of women's workout gear and neon during 1990 to 1991?
Do doctors hate their dress?
Where can I buy the best pants (cotton) in Mysore?
Is it okay for a man to wear his wife’s clothes?
Does your clothing really define you?
Where is Pakistani clothing manufactured?
Are polo shirts still in style or are they a thing that never goes out of style?
Why do men's shirts have breast pocket on the right side?
Is there a reason why President Trump refuses to close the top button of his suit jacket?
What do you believe is an ideal dress code for a high school environment?
What is the best website to customize and design athletic shirts for resell?
Where is the best place to open a menswear garment store in Ahmedabad?
Why don't boys also have variety of dress as women enjoys?
Which is the best site to buy full-sleeved, full-length gowns in India?
What type of dress should I wear because my height is just 5′?
For someone who is getting old, how can they look better in dresses?
Where can I find manufacturers for fashion apparels with a very low order?
Where can I get cheap trendy wholesale clothing?
In military boot camp, do the recruits wash and use the same clothes every day?
How do I run a retail clothes business in a successful way?
What can be done to increase the apparel export?
What sort of things should I learn before pursuing a degree in fashion design?
What outfit is preferred for Eid by a women?
If I am a 32/30 in men's pant sizes, what would I be in women's numeric sizes?
What should I wear to a Hooters Girl interview?
Do you like the smart casual or sporty style?
Do people prefer fast fashion or luxury clothing?
Do you have to wear a burqa in Iran?
Where can I get plus size Western dresses in Ahmedabad?
How do I advertise my plus size lingerie website in India?
How do I get the API Hustler t-shirt?
Where can I buy glow-in-the-dark DC and Marvel T-shirts?
What's the best clothes detergent for doing your laundry at home?
Why are men shy to wear a gold chain?
What are some winter jackets that can be worn in the summer or as a motorcycle jacket?
Where can I buy khaki pleated short skirts from?
Is a light gray suit with a white shirt too casual for a school dance?
What color can I wear with navy?
Does Azim Premji University have any specific dress code?
Why do corporate people wear suits?
What do you think of Comme des Garcons mastermind Rei Kawakubo?
What is corporate attire for ladies?
What size is a boy’s large in men’s sizes?
When did people start wearing trousers, and why are they seen as a male attire ?
Which is best brand for workout wear?
Do Japanese people prefer the modern inner city or the more traditional parts of rural Japan in terms of architecture, arts, food, clothing, culture, music, etc.?
What are the pros and cons of wearing boyshort style underwear?
Why do women wear a nighty at night?
How come some schools don't allow students to wear hats inside the building?
Can I bring clothes in my hand luggage?
What reason should I give for wearing a kala dhaga?
Which outfits are best for a lady doctor?
What is the reason that public laundry makes my clothes​ like this?
What's the best quilt fabric material?
Where can I purchase traditional Caucasus clothing in Chokha?
What things should I take care of while purchasing cloth for suit and getting it tailored? My height is 5'10.
What is regular fit pants?
What shall I wear for a job interview at a letting agents?
What is the dress code for JEE advanced?
How do you dress Americana style?
Does a washing machine make your clothes get old quickly?
How do you dress when you have a big bust and a small waist?
Should women wear skirts without panties?
Is it offensive to wear a hijab?
What is your bra size and are you happy with it?
What does it mean when a woman bends over in front of you in just her panties and bra?
Which are the best brands for polo dresses in India?
What are the tricks present in wearing saree beautifully?
Can females cross-dress?
How were panties and thongs created?
Why do people like to wear hats?
What are the best places to buy trendy clothes in Kolkata?
If you wear tight pants all the time, will it keep you skinny?
Where can you buy this fabric - 61% polyamide 39% elastane?
Where can I buy quality wholesale men suits?
How much are you willing to spend on a good MTM leather jacket?
Is a lint roller bad for clothes?
Do any females like wearing a one-piece swimsuit in the bathtub?
How do I wear a top with wide sleeves?
How do you fix the zipper on a pair of pants?
How do I find a branded clothes supplier in India?
Where can I hire a fashion designer for my clothing startup?
Are clothes found on AliExpress of good quality?
How many t-shirts are sold yearly?
What should I wear to a festival?
What are dirndl and lederhosen clothing styles? How did thy originate?
How can I sell high-quality, handmade stoles (ladies’ scarves) in the US?
How does one properly wear a Fedora?
What is the company of bra and panties you are currently wearing?
What measurements do I need to stitch a women's dress shirt that fits her perfectly?
How do European teen girls dress?
How do I get the perfect formal look?
How do I wear pants and shirt correctly?
Do online sleeveless kurtis have unstitched sleeves?
When do you change into your sleep clothes?
Where can we get cheap clothes in Chennai?
How can I get a job as a buyer in the clothing industry? I have lots of experience as an importer in the clothing industry.
How should I wear stripe trend?
What are good sources to drop ship clothing from?
Do you have any ideas on what to write on graduation T-shirts (Hindi/English or both)? Try to categorize your quotes/comments based on personalities.
Which colour goggles should we wear if we are wearing a black blazer?
If India were to have an official (and traditional) dress code, what would it be?
How big is an E-cup bra?
Why Stalin never wore a necktie? Was it because he did not feel European?
Why do girls find wearing skimpy dress stylish?
Are there any clothing items that have been changed by technology?
What is the definition of branded garments for GST purposes?
What is the easiest way to sew pockets in a skirt?
Where do I look for ladies’ fashionable (Western) garments in Delhi for reselling purposes?
What are the recognized certificates for appeal and clothing?
What should I wear everyday at my MBA college?
When buying a matching cycling jersey, are matching shorts, socks, and gloves necessary when mismatched alternatives are less expensive?
When will big Bazaar will get old clothes?
What kinds of hats does Andrew Weill wear in the summer?
Is it gay to roll up jeans?
Can you wear black jeans black top to a wedding?
How do I deal with my extremely conservative and religious parents telling me to "go die" when I wear a t-shirt?
What do you think of this clothing named 'Saree'?
Why does Indian women wear dupata/chadar?
Can I make my Chihuahua’s smooth coat long?
Is it inappropriate to wear ripped jeans for a college teacher?
Why is the Indian traditional clothing getting more and more popular?
Do girls like to wear bras? Why would a girl show her bra on Quora?
What is this dress called (Nayantara’s costume in the movie Dora)?
What would men's American Eagle jeans in size 32 waist, 30 long convert to in women's AE jeans?
What top goes with this beige maxi skirt?
Which is the Muslim majority country where most women roam around wearing Western clothes?
Is sewing your own clothes cheaper than buy them?
Which type of men shoes can be worn with jeans?
Do men look slurty in shorts?
Why is a cloth placed over a person's face during waterboarding?
Why does my mom hide my shirts?
Where can I buy leather straps to make a choker?
Can I wear a dark blue t-shirt over shoes which have a mixed colour of black and white? If so, what are the best colour combinations for the pants?
What type of clothes does a 38 year old man wear in Los Angeles during the summer and winter seasons?
What are the characteristics of a ponte skirt?
Why are women's clothes sometimes reviewed by men on Flipkart?
Is it possible to wear a wetsuit and swim breaststroke?
What clothes should we bring for a European tour in June?
Which type of dress is best for girls in interviews?
What matters, knowledge or the fashionable (branded) clothes?
Why do parents dress their kids in inappropriate kids’ clothes?
What would people prefer between authentic luxury clothing or replica ones?
You have to pick 1 outfit to wear for the rest of your life. The outfit has to have been popular between 1500 and 1600, what do you wear and why?
In the US, are women’s smaller clothing sizes also shorter?
What are the best places to purchase kids cloths in Tirupur?
How do you sew adaptive clothing?
Can you make clothing out of vantablack?
How do you differ tailoring and dressmaking?
What would I have dressed like in the early to mid-1990s? I'm a guy.
Does men wearing suits show conformity and lack of imagination?
What color of shorts goes with a navy blue workout shirt?
Where can I buy a knee sleeve?
Can I wear a red t-shirt for the NEET exam in 2017?
How do you wear a maxi dress and white sneakers?
Where/how do you find shirts/tops that are long enough for your large bust?
Why would an Indian girl wear Lehenga Cholis to her friend’s wedding?
Would it be weird or inappropriate to ask a lady why she does not wear sleeveless tops or blouses?
How do I sell she sarees and salwar kameezes online?
I have an interview with the department head of software validation, should I wear formal clothes?
Where can I get an ethnic Indian wear for my daughter who is 7 months old?
Is there a difference between Carhartt and Carhartt WIP clothing?
Which color of jeans looks good with a purple shirt?
Where can I get hats and T-shirts like the ones Dan Galpin wears in the Udacity courses?
As a grown professional male, what is an appropriate number of pairs of underwear to own? How many socks are too many socks?
Why does the average Asian girl dislike wearing thongs, but Caucasian girls wear them so often?
Does YMCA UST have a dress code?
Why is it that businessmen must wear jackets and ties on the hottest summer days while businesswomen can wear comfortable, loose fitting garments?
Do South Indian women wear lungis?
Will black cotton straight-fit pants look good with a black polo t-shirt?
Do I have to declare jewelry that I wear when travelling to other countries?
What are some of the dressing tips for big-headed men? I know we should not wear hats which will make the already big heads look bigger.
What can I do to make sure no one sees that I'm wearing a thong?
What’s the percentage of South African consumers’ spending on clothing and shoes?
Is thong underwear only for women? Can men wear it as well?
What is the strangest piece of clothing you own?
Why did so many men stop wearing briefs?
Can a girl wear formal pants and a white shirt for the PI in Christ University for a BCom?
As a new teacher, how many dresses should I maintain to wear to school in a month? Does repetitive wearing of the same dress create any impressions?
Why is drapability required in a fabric?
Why are office dresses/skirts sometimes figure-hugging?
What are the best ways to stretch leather pants?
What clothing do you recommend for a male teenager with thin legs, weighing 120 pounds (54 kg) and 5.5' tall (170cm)?
What is the most awful dress you have seen?
Have you ever wanted each member of your family to design your own t-shirt to wear together during your picnic?
What makes Forever 21 put extra things on their clothing?
What is the dress code for Jain University GD, interview?
How can you prevent your maternity pants from falling down?
Where can I find plus-size formal wear (women’s)?
Where can an RCB T-shirt be purchased in Bangalore?
Does anyone need clothes?
What is the best way to safely sell and shop around clothing designs to a large scale manufacturer, design company or store?
Should Indian IT services companies abolish outdated policies like formal dress code and compsulsory 9 working hours?
Can I wear sweatpants every day?
Is it harmful if I do not wear sports bra during exercise?
Are jeans and western style dresses allowed in SASTRA for girls?
What piece of clothing should be invented?
Other than cost-cutting, is there a reason to cut knit fabrics (t-shirt weight etc.) off-grain? Is this for style?
What should I wear with a green apple kurti?
What type of jeans do I wear for short legs?
Do you have pink underwear?
What should girls wear while going for interviews at IITs?
Could Jewish people also wear a necklace with a hand of Fatima on it?
Is setting up a manufacturing unit for branded clothes profitable or is there a more profitable model?
Why do Indian royals wear printed clothing?
Why does academic dress look stupid?
What are good tops and pants to wear with olive green sneakers?
How do you knot a shirt?
Is dealsothon selling mens army tshirt online?
What are ways to spread your clothing brand?
Which colour matches with a pink shirt?
Where can I go topless in India?
How would you tell a boyfriend or girlfriend that you like wearing clothing made for the opposite gender?
What are loud ties?
Can a used collar neck be reused by another person?
What are your views on overly expensive clothing shopping sites like alagrand.com?
What is the most trendy men's wear currently?
Does wearing a one-piece dress require waxing of my legs?
Where can I find some Marvel based gym clothes?
What kind of garments are you interested in knitting?
Where can I find clothing manufacturers with low MOQs in Malaysia?
Where can old clothes be recycled?
How does an ISFJ like to dress?
What are the top 10 international clothing brands?
Is it possible to wear a double-padded blouse without a bra to make my boobs look big in shape?
How do I dress for Tirupati?
What are some tips for beginner joggers?
Where can I buy the cute dresses and sweaters that Zooey Deschanel wears?
What kinds of dresses are ideal for casual outings?
Why do we wear black goggles during the summer?
Why do husbands want wives to wear exposing clothes?
Can white and white-passing people wear Bad Brains merchandise?
Is selling clothing online profitable?
What kind of difficulty does one face during selling printed t-shirts?
Once you had lost weight, what did you do with your old clothes?
How does one dress for 15 degree C weather?
Where can I get neon superhero graphic t-shirts?
What are some of the best websites to buy ethnic wear in India?
How can I design streetwear?
Which one do people like the most, a blouse or tunic?
What happens if somebody sees me in my briefs or underwear?
Why do people think women dress for men just because they wear tight clothing or skin-revealing clothing instead of an extra large t-shirt?
What are the dos and don’ts of wearing rudraksh mala on your wrist? Can a non-vegetarian wear it?
Are women happy behind burqas? Don't they ever feel like stylizing their hair and wearing nice fashionable clothes?
Why do women wear transparent sarees?
Can a girl wear a formal pant and formal shirt for the PI at Christ University for a B.Com?
Should black leather shoes be shined each day they are worn?
What are some ways to grow your t-shirt business?
Is it good idea to wear shorts and quick dry shirt for an international flight?
Do drying clothes in sunlight kill fleas?
What size women do men like?
Should I wear pocket square with navy blue blazer?
Why do dress code policies in corporate India disallow sober kurtas for men, when even colorful salwar kameez or sarees are accepted as formal for women?
Is it necessary to wear a head scarf while taking ablution?
What types of clothes should I buy for Manali in June?
Can grown men wear baseball caps on backwards without looking like they are trying too hard?
What are some good no-show bras for girls with big breasts? I need something that actually works. And by no-show, I don't mean strapless, I mean backless too.
What are some creative ideas to wear a blue shirt and a green tie for a wedding?
Can boys wear dupatta?
Is it ok to wear formal leather shoes without socks?
What marketing strategies can I use to drive followers to my clothing line?
Can I make a wedding dress with cotton fabric?
How is TTV Dinakaran so composed even after being exposed in the note-for-vote? Is he really not guilty? This emperor seems to wear invisible clothes.
How do women feel about their husband/boyfriend wearing their clothes?
Are eBay buyers over Michael Kors? I can't seem to give MK clothing away much less sell it. Is the market over saturated or are women just over it?
How would I decorate a living room based on myself that wears track pants, sneakers and t shirts?
Should I wear dresses to school?
I am into wearing womens panties. I’ve been doing this for a while. Why do i like this?
Why does my mom never wear underwear?
What could be the beach outfit for lean men?
Do you have to wear a uniform to your school,or did you have to when you went to school? Do you like wearing a uniform?
What designed saree blouse suits a person with a plump size?
Do girls and women deliberately purchase jeans that would show curves and butts? Don't they offend themselves?
What accessories can I wear with purple jeans?
Among these countries Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar, Vietnam, Bangladesh, India, or China which is cheaper to source infant clothes and accessories?
Where can I get t-shirts produced?
For patients with venous insufficiency, is there a notable difference in using knee high versus thigh high compression stockings?
What are some clothing items which makes you look well dressed instantly?
What is the best clothing brand franchise to start in South India for less than 40 to 50 lakhs?
Why do archers wear bucket hats?
Could someone tell of some wood types/species used in the production of cloth pegs?
Where can I get Tussar Silks saree? And what is Tussar Silk?
Where can a tall male shop for clothes that fit him in New Zealand?
Where can I look for some plus size dresses online?
Could knee-high boots work well in combat?
What are some outrageous fashion fads that you have seen?
Are 100% cotton jackets warm?
Why are bikinis so expensive despite having less cloth?
Why do people have a difficult time getting rid of possessions they no longer use?
Would golfers be better in loose-fitting clothes?
What kind of top can I wear with a halter bra?
How do I wear kurtis stylishly?
What size Champion brand basketball jersey should I wear?
Is it ironic that most fashion models are tall given that it's hard for tall people to buy clothes?
Why aren't there more people wearing blazers or suits?
How can I hide self-harm scars and cuts while wearing a short sleeve?
Where can I get the best first copy clothes in Pune?
How do I gain sales and market my clothing line with a low budget ($100)? I own and run a clothing line and I have my own website for it, through which I have made a few sales.
The gore of my perfect fitting strapless bra does not lie flat against my chest. Is it fine or should I change it?
What is the business mode of the wholesale apparel business in the USA?
How can you find your bra size without a tape measure?
What shirt looks good with sandal colour chinos?
Can I use pour-on high-finish gloss on fabrics?
What would you do if you had the hiding hat (a hat makes you vanish)?
How does it look if one wears jeans with a fold on either side due to extra length?
Where can I get casual socks in Sydney?
Which is the best shopping mall or place to buy women clothes in Hyderabad?
What color corsage goes with an ice blue prom dress?
What are clothes dyes made from?
What coloured tie should I wear with a light blue shirt and navy waistcoat, suit, and pants?
What kind of bra is used in a saree blouse?
How does someone buy high-quality & stylish clothes as a vegan, since non-leather boots, sneakers, belts, clothing, etc., usually don't last long?
Where can I get this type of stitching done for a T-shirt?
What is some best casual shirt for my first date with purchase link?
How are thermal shirts made?
What clothes do Indian tourists wear in Europe?
Is it socially ok for men to wear women’s clothing and underclothing?
How can I make a cashmere scarf?
Why should you machine wash your clothes with warm water?
What problems do you have with your wardrobe?
Can being put in a dryer kill you?
What organic apparel online store could you recommend?
What materials do you need to make your own underwear?
If your school had a Polo Shirt uniform but you could wear whatever bottoms you want what outfit would you wear?
Is it true that 't-shirts' and 'jeans' are banned in BHU?
I have made Leather jacket with wireless brakes and indicator lights which can sync with bike, How do I start export from India?
What clothing brand makes durable clothes?
Why don't girls in Western countries wear bras as often as those in the East?
Why do some people love wearing jeans?
Is wearing a watch out of style?
Who wears tights with steel cap boots either to work or casually?
What are the best materials to do recycling or sustainable clothes?
How can someone start a clothing line?
Do women get turned on by wearing a pantyhose?
What are some good places in Mumbai and Dadar to buy clothing (suits and jeans) at a cheap rate?
Why do some people prefer to wear woolen clothes even in the summer?
Why does female clothing cling to the cleavage of their buttocks?
What is a good idea to wear to a retro theme party for men?
Would you agree to travel naked on the Delhi metro if you were paid one crore rupees?
What were clothes made of in the 1700s?
What colour shirts are good for men?
Can I wear a navy blue top to the NEET 2017?
What shoes should I buy to wear every day?
What is the best beauty box to buy or deals to try (new makeup, clothes, hair products, etc.)?
Why can't men wear bikini?
Why do woman wear thongs underneath theater workout clothes?
Why do corporations in India allow Indian dresses for women as formal, but stick to western formal wear for men?
Where is the wholesale market for branded clothes in Bangalore for men?
In which countries do they wear lehengas?
What size shoe do you wear?
What hijab can I wear with a white blouse?
Are there any maxi skirts that don't have a giant slit?
What company offers wholesale T-shirts at affordable prices? I am mainly looking for Clemson and Gamecocks sports brands?
Which is the best wholesale market in Surat for ladies western wear?
Is there men’s underwear that can be used for both sports and leisure?
What are some opinions on the compulsory wearing of formal attire in Indian tech companies?
I wear long sleeve shirts on days I feel emotionally vulnerable/insecure, is anyone else like this?
Nowadays, is it common among males to wear a bra?
What are the accessories that will look good on a black saree?
Do people on Quora still commonly see people in sagging pants?
How can I change my CodeChef SnackDown T-shirt size after accepting a team invite?
When did British aristocrats stop wearing corsets?
What are good colour combinations for men's clothing in general?
Is it okay to wear a see-through saree in front of my husband's friends?
Do women usually find it offensive if a random guy asks them about their outfit?
What are your favorite suit colors for spring time?
What is dirt and pleat in garments?
Are there international apparel brands present in Japan and do they sell European sizes?
Where in the world I can find the place where people remain without clothes to see girls?
Which country has the greenest clothing industry?
Does it really matter what you wear or just as long as you are comfortable?
Where do we get good ethnic wear in Delhi?
What is bio-wash fabric?
How would life be different if humans never started wearing clothes?
How do I style trapped jeans for fat thighs?
What are some cool outfit ideas to wear to a club?
How do I buy cloths alone?
How do employees who wear a uniform keep it clean? Assuming they don't wear a layer under it, wash it every day, have multiple shirts or whatever?
What is the dress code for a first year girl in RTMNU University of Nagpur?
What clothes should people with gynecomastia wear?
Are the two ribbons hanging from the front/bottom of my corset for something special?
What is a good name for a clothing line?
What's wrong with a knee length brown leather a-line skirt to a job interview?
What smart casual outfit looks good on every man?
What companies sell non-branded, high quality, smart, casual clothes?
What materials should I wear in the spring/summer periods?
Why did bridesmaids traditionally wear white?
If skirts are considered formal wear, why do so many women wear them casually?
Other than eBay and Amazon, what online sites are a great place to sell bulk blank t-shirts? Etsy no longer considers blank shirts crafting supplies.
Are clothes becoming expensive in the USA after Donald Trump became president?
Should friends judge the way you dress?
Where are the cool places to shop for women's clothes in Hamburg?
Where in the world can I buy wholesale blank T-shirts in different colours that have a good balance between quality and price?
What type of shoes is preferable for hot summer weather?
Will opening a fashion house in Canada for new Indian immigrant be benefiting?
What does window dressing mean?
Which government job in India has a red dress code?
How do I start a clothing boutique business in Delhi?
What type of clothing looks attractive on a 48-year-old British male?
What is the easiest way to make a traditional Mexican dress?
What are granny panties?
What is the difference between handloom and readymade garments?
Which is the best country to export knitted garments?
Can we wear full sleeves during the JEE Advanced?
How do I debate with someone who says, “women dress up sexily is indistinctly for men, if there were no men in the planet, women won't dress up sexily”?
What color boots and jeans should I wear with a silver top?
Do women need to wear a sports bra during strength training?
Where I can get affordable cloth nappies in Australia?
Why are Bombas "the most comfortable socks in the history of feet"?
Do girls like men in underwear?
Why does a woman wear a thong?
Should I be afraid to wear a fanny pack as a man?
How can I wear a shoulder holster more easily?
What's your favorite online women's clothing store?
What is the difference between apparel and garment?
What is the perfect dress, suit, blazer or full dress up for my brother’s marriage in this hot summer?
What are stock clothing?
Why do most Odisha men love to see Odisha women wearing a saree?
Where can I buy a safety jacket?
How do I find a quote for a tailored suit?
Why do males and females dress differently?
Were the Celts the only group of people wearing the Torc?
Where can I buy shape wear for men in Coimbatore?
Why do most overweight guys wear shorts and never remove their socks?
What is the correct way to put on button suspenders?
Can someone tell ways to tie a scarf on the face for protection from sun?
What color and type of tie shall I wear for an interview?
British mayors wear a chain of office. What does it represent and what are the origins?
Which shopping app is the best for clothing wear in terms of quality, price, delivery: Myntra or Limeroad?
How can I make my breasts’ shape look good with clothing?
What is your favorite item of clothing and why is it your favorite?
Which color of pants is suitable with a green shirt?
Does wearing small shoes make your feet smaller?
What are the reasons why people wear clothes?
How are dresses with underskirts made?
Which is your favorite Earring styles to wear occasionaly?
Why does cricketer Rohit Sharma wear kajal?
A trademark says "clothing, namely, shirts and caps for sporting wear". Is it "all" for sporting wear or only "caps" for sporting wear?
Can I wear a half-sleeve t-shirt to NEET 2017?
Can I use branded jeans in a commercial?
What design/features would women would like to have in Yoga wear?
What are Men's Casual alternatives to Polo or Button shirts?
Can you hydro dip paint clothing?
Where in Europe can I buy a tencel fabric that incorporates some lycra?
How are the different types of linen fabrics used?
Can girls studying at CMC Vellore wear clothes of their choice or are there rules?
Where can one buy a genuine "Ashes Series" Tie (navy blue colour with stripes and golden urns)?
How should I dress to go to Ruth's Chris Steak House?
How confident do you feel when you are wearing an ill-fitted shirt as opposed to a masterfully tailored shirt?
How do I make a shirt out of rock so that it will stay together?
Are you looking for some unique T-shirts?
Are shorts commonly worn in Mexico in the Spring and Summer?
What is the dress code for boys during class hours at SSN College of Engineering?
Are sleeveless t-shirts comfortable during summer season?
Which substance gives a shine to shoes and leather?
Has the fact that you don't wear underwear ever presented a problem or resulted in an uncomfortable situation at work?
Are 'boyfriend' cut jeans actually similar to men's jeans?
Why are leggings no longer worn with American military uniforms?
Is it safe to use oil paints on clothing?
Why do people wear overalls?
Should overweight people pay more for their clothes?
Where are disposable garments used?
Where can I shop for reasonably priced classy tech-sales men’s clothes in the Bay Area?
We are a buying agent for garments (ladies and kids wear) based out of India. How do we find genuine buyers from Europe and the USA?
Any good tailor in Lucknow for stitching lehengas?
Can I get a graphic t-shirt online in 3xl?
Where in the world can I get cotton at a cheap price?
Will people notice if I change my clothes?
Do you have any suggestions for cute night dresses?
How do I sew an accordion stretch panel, does the elastic have to be pre-stretched?
Where can I find some decent clothes for a decent price?
What type of bra is best for wearing to work? I'd be in skirt and blouse or a dress.
To what extent does your dressing style make an impact in your personal and professional life?
Why do Japanese people get so mad when foreigners wear kimonos, but they can wear shirts and jeans?
What do you think the future of apparel will be?
Is wearing the Whistling Woods t-shirt compulsory all the time?
Where can I buy shirting fabrics in wholesale prices in Surat?
Which is your favourite picture in a saree?
Where can I get good design faux leather bags by wholesale in India?
Which are the good budget bikers jackets in India?
Is wearing white pants gay?
What is the best way to transport clothing from India to Europe and how to make agreements when starting up a business?
What should I do if I sweat a lot and I always have to dress in heavy attire and makeup even at home?
Why are Americans so averse to men wearing speedos?
What's the most offensive t-shirt you've ever seen in India?
How can I get money as a teenager? I considered selling t-shirts, but I don’t really know.
Are high knee socks cute with short shorts?
Can I wear a simple long skirt with golden lace to the NEET exam?
How many people have actually used online virtual fitting rooms?
How can I wear animal print?
This Friday my best friend is coming. I want to design a couple t-shirts for us. Can you tell me some suggestions?
I’m dropping clothes sizes but not any actual pounds. What can cause that?
What is your opinion on wearing white shirts always?
If you're genderfluid, can you choose to dress like a girl or boy whenever you want?
What color is the Levi's 514 on the main store image?
What should a girl wear to Christ University for a personal interview? Formals or Indian Attire (BBA law course)?
Should I get a kinesiology degree to start a clothing line?
Who are some suppliers of trendy plus-size dresses in Australia?
What is the dress at FIITJEE?
How should I dress up for twin day at school?
Do I need special licensing to make a small clothing business with Snaptee/Spreadshirt or can I just sell the clothes online?
Why do some of the umpires wear red shirts and some of the umpires wear black shirts in IPL 2017?
Can I get a Quora shirt and hoodie from Quora?
Is it safe for a man to wear a dress in public in Wichita, Kansas? I hear they are very conservative.
Can you wear leggings to work?
What does Gordon Miller think about buying expensive brand clothes?
Why is that female gender wear uncomfortable clothes?
How long is a servicemen allowed to wear his uniform once he gets his honorable discharge?
Why are girls wear thongs but guy do not?
How do I get buyers for exporting leather gloves?
Where can I buy jersey knit fabric in India? Jersey knit is the soft stretchy fabric that T-shirts are made out of.
What are the most trustworthy websites for Indian clothing?
What are the shoes called which we wear with dresses?
What are the best three brands for men's footwear?
Where can I find an economic and stylish bag for gym?
Why do women wear gloves while driving a car?
Can sperm travel through clothes?
Where can I get boyfriend jeans in Chandigarh?
Why do people feel like they need to wear traditional Indian clothing in order to be "spiritual"?
Why are men's shorts down to the knee and women's down to the crotch?
Should you wear shoes while measuring your height?
When did leggings become acceptable as pants?
Which shirt goes with a pyaji coloured blazer?
What is the normal behaviour of a ladies’ tailor toward girls?
Is it a good time to launch a clothing brand in the market?
How can I be brave enough to swim without a shirt on, only shorts?
Which fabric cloths best suits fatty ladies to make them look slim?
What does “Zoroastrian” mean, and why do people wear it as a necklace?
For a military veteran wearing full formal kilt at a black-tie event, is it appropriate to wear military medals and devices?
What do people playing CGI characters wear?
Which of the following is more appealing - "Buy two shirts and get 500 Rs off each shirt" or "Buy two shirts and get 1000 Rs off the total amount"? Why?
Is it mandatory for female MBBS students to wear only Salwar Kameez in India?
Where is the best place to buy clothes at a reasonable price in Pune?
Are clothes important for you?
Where can I buy women rapron in India?
How do I build a smart mirror where you can try on clothes virtually?
Which colour of kurta should I wear to an Indian wedding?
In how many ways can you wear chef coats?
How do I find some real buyers who are looking for plain or dyed satin fabric?
How I can start a store for kids wear at Dubai?
Will it be odd to wear a black waistcoat to a college farewell party?
Where can I purchase jeans wholesale?
Is it okay to wear the Yuri Plisetsky blue cosplay jacket in the US?
Will other clothing companies make male rompers?
How can we do effective marketing in an urban area for a cloth shop?
It is over 22 Celsius outside but I want to wear a skirt and some sandal-like shoes. Is it ok?
How do you dry clothing when they are really wet at school and you have nothing to dry it with?
Where do I get custom made cupcakes in Chennai?
Can I combine double cuff shirts with chinos?
Do you think it’s weird to wear cycling clothes?
Since we didn't evolved to wear shoes, why is the sole of the feet so vulnerable to glass and spikes?
For summer time, what would working women wear under their work clothes (i.e. Underneath work dresses or suits)?
What size do you think is plus size and what size should plus size models start at?
Do guys like ripped jeans?
What stores online sell Ralph Lauren City Polo shirts?
Do fashion designers make their own clothes?
What are the different types of jeans from Peter England?
Are expensive clothes better quality?
Which dress code is best for an interview for a teacher?
What do I wear with brown linen pants?
What are the main causes for vomiting while you are sleeping?
Which is the best place in India to make bulk purchase for ladies and kids wears for business?
Is it better to use a heat press and make your own shirts to sell or simply buy them?
Approximately how much will a cotton and polyester blend shrink?
Why is polyester not suitable for summer wear?
How can I sell my clothing to retailers? How do I contact them?
Which style of dress would look good on a fat yet pretty girl?
Can I go to any website to design my own club t-shirt?
How can I spot clean a wool suit at home?
Which inner color suits well with a turquoise kurtis?
How does an underwire lend support to a bra?
What are the best ways to iron linen pants?
How can I turn my dupatta into a classy shrug?
What is the detail chain of getting branded clothes (designing, manufacturing outsource, buying it back etc.)?
Which Indian celebrities have suffered from wardrobe malfunctions?
Why do many Indian girls resist wearing knickers?
How do you feel about wearing a bikini at the beach?
What is a ponte skirt, and how do you put one on?
Is it environmentally friendly to buy used clothes from far away countries (considering the carbon footprint of the shipping)?
What is the best women’s clothing manufacturers in China?
What do Indian girls like their guys to wear?
What are the measures taken to handle delicate fabrics from cut to pack?
What is acceptable dress code for a navy ball?
How can I become a dress designer?
Will I be made fun of for wearing a fanny pack?
What are the types of formal shoes?
Where can I donate clothes to needy people in Vimannagar, Pune?
Which colour of jeans goes with a denim shirt?
What's the best way to find new clothes I like?
What are some of the best cat outfits you have seen?
Why do saints wear saffron colored dress, any scientific reason?
Do clothes in China say "made around the corner" or something?
Why do we wear formal dress for an interview? Why should we choose bright colors for shirts and dark for pants?
Which is the best place in Banglore to buy designer sarees?
How can women who don't wear bras conceal their nipples in an easy and convenient way without sticking anything on the breasts?
Why do we wear clothes while other species don`t?
How do I find distributors for my clothing line in Mumbai?
What is the best way to wash heather fabric?
Do you wear a binder?
Is it legal in the UK to enforce men to wear long smart trousers for work when women can wear skirts and dresses?
What are the top products in the female workwear sector?
Why is a school considered a formal organisation?
Do you think humans will ever stop wearing clothes?
What are underwear elastic bands made of?
What should you wear to a 25th class reunion?
What should 20 custom shirts cost? I'm getting crazy quotes for $16 each. Is that normal? Are there any recommendations?
Does fabric matter when it comes to choosing the right style of underwear for men?
What should be the latest dress for girls?
Can chinos be worn with a t-shirt?
What is my bra size if my band size is 32 and my cup size is 36?
Have children been harmed in polyester fabric?
What's more appealing in a clothing store, items hung up, or items folded?
Where I can get some nice suits in Hyderabad? Which market is good for shopping?
Can men wear mini skirts and white stockings?
How and what can a psychologist judge by how we dress?
Why the hell are people so supportive of women dressing provocatively?
Is there a manufacturer of high quality business men's suits in Canada?
I never wear shoes with shoelaces. Do you really think shoelaces are more efficient or just used for style?
What is a realistic amount of money for a stylish and working professional woman to spend on clothing in a year?
Only jeans are allowed at my college. but in summer I get extremely sweaty and hot. What else can I wear that looks like jeans but are cooler?
What are popular clothes brands in San Luis Obispo?
What are the things that needs to be taken care of before approaching a garment manufacturer for a home based garment start up?
Are girls also supposed to wear pants and a shirt for the TMISAT interview like the boys?
Is wearing a Chinese jacket cultural appropriation?
What should you wear to a 40th class reunion?
Which colour top would look best with an off-white coloured Palazzo?
What are some stores that specialize in petite clothing?
How can you avoid telling people what size you are? I'm plus-sized but I look good. I know how to dress for my size?
In hot countries, why do Orthodox priests and Muslim women in burkas wear black, as that only makes the heat load worse?
Did girls wear vests in the 1860s?
What size would I buy in women's shirts from American Eagle if I normally wear a large in men's?
What do you do when you don’t like your boyfriend's dress sense?
Why does the skin of your finger shrink when you wash clothes for a long time?
Why do some Sikh men have a white cloth tied tightly across their chin?
What do you think about a solo traveler who wears a hijab?
How many straight men wear women's panties, and why?
Why is girls’ underwear softer than boys’ underwear?
What are the courses available in the field of smart clothing?
Why should Muslim women wear black burqas even in the hot summer while men can dress in white kurta pyjamas which are way more comfortable?
How do I recycle any zipper from clothes?
When Buffy the Vampire Slayer "dusts" a vampire, why do the vampire's clothes also disappear?
What does a department store/clothing buyer mean when they say they are chasing inventory right now?
What are the issues with big size bra shopping?
What does Katrina Kaif wear in the song Kala Chashma (pant style, while dancing, not the bridal look)?
Should girls wear shorts?
Do tilted kilt girls wear pantyhose with their kilts?
What are the best shirt colors for girls?
Can hot weather and humidity shrink clothes?
How do short boys dress?
What is the new trend for jeans?
Are kurtis eating into the sales of unstitched suits?
What do you think of the fashion industry's recent interest in a 'see now, buy now' business model?
What type of casual shoes would go best with a white printed shirt and dark green trousers?
What is a chic crop top?
What is the most unique apparel packaging idea?
What can I wear apart from a sweater/cardigan to cover up this summer?
Where can I donate used clothes (in good condition) in Dombivli?
Which is the best place in India to buy ladies clothes in wholesale?
What is the best online shopping center for ethnic wear?
Are you supposed to change clothes between your different acting headshots taken?
Why do people like wearing the Rajputana dress nowadays?
How do I promote my wholesale shirt business and increase my earnings?
Is a tie suppose to swing?
What is a 9.5" rise in jeans called?
Are there any benefits to a tracksuit compared with jeans?
Is desi cotton use for production of cloths?
How would I accessorize with neon if I'm a guy that wears an all black outfit?
Can I wear a full-sleeve t-shirt to the IIT Advanced 2017?
Can you use dryer sheets when drying baby clothes?
What is the best fabric cloth for formal trousers in the Indian climate?
Do you think headgear is cool?
What if our military reconnaissance people wore ninja suits?
Do the dyes in the clothes that Harajuku girls wear have a fluorescent quality?
Where can I buy kids, adults, & legends memes t-shirts in 3XL?
What are better shoes to wear to a street fight, Converse or Nike Free Runs?
What are some cute inexpensive maternity clothes?
How do I avoid my pants rubbing on my legs and butt on a motorcycle in the summer?
Is there a clothing manufacturer in Europe who can manufacture low quantity (100 pcs)?
When were waistcoats first worn by women in the American West?
My white shirts appear brighter after I pick them up from a laundry. How can I get my shirts as bright at home?
What is your favorite piece of clothing or accessory?
How do you make smooth leather gauntlet?
What stitches are the best to use when sewing a dress by hand?
What should I wear to a formal dinner?
Why do clothes become electrified?
Do stores in India stock 3XL wear? If so, where can I find it?
Is it to you to wear clothes that are comfortable?
What do guys think of ripped jeans?
What bra should I wear with a halter dress?
What are some innovative ideas in textile/apparel sector that could create more employment opportunities?
Where can I find cheap clothing?
What is a good color/pattern tie to pair with a solid white dress shirt?
Do girls notice a difference in the attention they get when they’re dressed up, as opposed to dressed down?
While exercising their freedom to wear any dress, why do most Indian females prefer western outfits over the traditional attires?
What research has been done on the effect of dress codes on productivity at work?
From where can you buy Nucleya bomber jackets?
Would you ask a boy to take off his shirt?
How do I get good, stylish Indianwear for men in Bangalore/Bengaluru?
What shirt and pants will go well with white shoes (Adidas Superstar)?
What kind of gray suit should I wear for my end of high school late night party?
How can I get used to tight turtlenecks?
Why does so much lint collect in my dryer but my clothes don't get smaller?
Is Highlander a good clothing brand?
What men’s fit jeans brand do you highly recommend?
Can I wear my Rolex Submariner to a formal affair?
What are characteristics of Zulu clothing?
Is there a dress code for entering a police station?
Where can I get surplus garments in Bangalore?
What is the name of the cloth which is used in a boiler FD fan?
Why do Muslim women and girls always wear long-sleeved t-shirts and pants?
Is there a trick to wear such shoes and not have toe pain?
In snake country, is it better to wear trousers inside or outside of your boots?
Where can I buy a cheap football shirt in Mumbai?
How do I wear a top with long wide sleeves?
Why do more women wear glasses, compared to men?
Should I soak my Levis raw denim jacket?
Do SSCBS students wear suits?
Can someone get pregnant while wearing clothes?
Why can't we wear trousers to school?
How can I find a manufacturer that can help me make samples and doesn’t need a huge minimum order for my clothing line?
Where can I buy cheap shirts in bulk?
Can I wear a white and sky blue floral tunic for the NEET exam?
Where can you get cute clothes cheaply?
How do I determine the quality of the material when buying a saree? There are so many different types of sarees, which one should I buy for my wife?
Why do some Muslim men maintain a dangerous look? Why can't they simply dress and groom well?
What are some of the various styles to wear a scarf?
How did people long ago wear so many clothes without discomfort?
Is there any place where I can get a nice leather jacket for a decent price?
Why are prisoners in the US given orange as their dress code? Why can't they be in other, different colours?
Which is a suitable dress for Parties and Ceremonies?
What is the average price of a 100% pima shirt in Russia?
Were tricorne hats worn in the 1860s? I know they were out of fashion then, but does that mean no one wore them?
Is there a dress code for cosmetic technology in R.C. Patil?
What do you look for in fitness apparel?
Do lawyers actually wear those expensive suits as shown in TV shows?
What is the best place to buy the latest designs of necklaces for a traditional outfit in the US?
How do you remove Sharpie from fabric?
What is Celanese fabric?
Why do the ends of my foamed/padded bra cups show?
Is it bad to dress warmly in order to get rosy cheeks and a nice glow?
What do you think about designing your own custom T-shirt for your daughter or son's graduation day?
What type of dress suits should be worn in summer?
Where can I get buyers for wholesale garments lot in Mississauga?
What jeans to wear with a blue blazer?
What can married women wear at home other than a nighty?
How can you make black underwear?
What are examples of vintage items?
What should I do with extra blouse pieces?
What are modern men's underwear?
What are some cute matching brother and sister outfits?
Can the type of underwear which I wear affect my penis growth? I'm a bend down type.
Are designer crop tops gaining popularity in India these days?
What site would you recommend for buying men's knee high argyle/striped socks?
witch is the best city in India for clothing business?
What do you mean by resort wear collection?
Why should we not wear polyester clothes while working in a laboratory?
What are some common applications for Celanese fabric?
Will males wearing short shorts come Back in style?
What is the best way to sell advanced wound care dressings like foam dressings, silicone foam dressings, and alginate dressings, etc.?
What kind of pants would look good with a light pink t shirt?
How should I wear white maxi skirt?
Is men's size 43 and women's size 43 the same?
What should I wear with pink kurti?
Where can I buy real vintage clothing online apart from eBay?
Why do men wear collars?
How many days are required to stitch a blazer?
What do valkyries wear?
Is there any uniform or dress code at NMIT in Bangalore (especially for girls)?
Where can I buy cheap clothes in Kolkata?
What are the best live chat websites for asking anything, such as food, clothes, education, etc.?
How did wearing short clothes become power symbol for one gender?
What is the best way to wear crochet tops?
What are good Korean fashion stores (web) for men?
What is the difference between night pants and track pants?
what purpose does a revealing dress serves a woman?
Why doesn't J. Cole dress the same way he did when he first came out, with the flashy jewelry and clothes?
What is a fresher supposed to wear on the first day at a job?
Are girls allowed to wear leggings for the NEET exam?
Do girls wear shorts in MAMC college?
What are some specific dressing tips for overweight men? I know some, like the fact that you shouldn't wear t-shirts with horizontal stripes, but I’m looking for more.
Is promoting and selling leather jackets in Amazon a good business?
What are the best marketplaces to sell clothes?
What type of suit should women wear to a UPSC CSE interview?
Is there any woman in Hyderabad who could donate her worn out clothes?
Can I scold the tailor who stitched my beautiful dress very badly, or should I excuse him?
What color bra and tank top should a woman wear under a white polo shirt?
Where and how do I get more clients for my children knit clothing business in Thailand?
I just launched an online clothing store for the Christian community, and I need help to grow the business. Are there any suggestions?
What is the traditional dress for Telugu engagement?
What is the best brands for women tank top?
How much would a Vantablack shirt cost?
What should I wear in Snowdonia?
How cheap is it to make a t-shirt in Bangladesh?
What is the best under shirt to wear during the summer?
Are ripped jeans allowed in Dubai?
What t-shirt (colour, style, etc.) will work with most jackets?
Is it okay to wear a Gomed again after wearing it for a year? I'd worn a Gomed during the Antardasha of Rahu. Now can I wear it again?
Can a lighter left in a jeans pocket in a crowded hamper be triggered and the butane cause the ink from the jeans' die to bleed onto clothes pressed against the pocket/lighter?
Why do girls hitch up their mini skirts?
What was your favorite outfit for a wedding you went to?
What is a good pattern or project to practice sewing satin fabric?
Why do the sizes of clothes vary between brands?
Are white Converse still in style?
What bra should I give as a gift to my wife?
Why don’t women prefer black dresses on their wedding day?
Should I wear a suit and tie to a job interview?
Is there a dress code at Veltech University?
Why have short shorts and swimwear for men become popular again?
How do I print a GIF on a T-shirt?
What are sophisticated clothing stores?
What types of clothing is best for a vacation in Varadero?
Where can I get a garment label manufacturer in India?
What types of clothes should I take on a trip to Shimla in June?
When women have on dresses, how do they know the dress is going to blow up?
Should men wear underpants with shorts?
If I convert through Orthodox Judaism, do I really have to dress the typical way they dress?
Can superstrings be woven into some type of fabric?
Does everyone enjoy wearing nylon hosiery?
What are great choices for a tight dress and heels?
Where may I find beautiful Indian kurtis for sale?
What are some dressing tips to look attractive?
How do you combine accessories with a yellow dress?
Where can we get cheap clothes in North Kolkata?
Where can I shop for cheap designer clothes and shoes in Paris this May?
How come guys at the gym can see through a woman’s workout clothes if she’s wearing a thong?
How did wearing a cap backwards get started?
Is there a dress code for cosmetic engineering students at RTMNU in Nagpur?
Is it wrong for doctors to use the white coat? They do carry pathogens, but is the scene same everywhere?
How can one sell products at MSG Apparels Brand outlets?
How do you customize you shirt in Roblox?
How do I start a clothing line in Los Angeles?
What’s the buzz about polo dresses?
Where can I buy genuine superhero t-shirts online?
Is it good to wear casual clothes at work or a uniform?
Where in LA can I have t-shirts manufactured?
Why do ladies’ jeans have a smaller zipper than men’s?
Do foreign women have to wear hijab while travelling in Iraq?
How do you add a buttonhole elastic to a shirt?
Should I wear formal or go with casual while attending an mtech admission test in IIT Delhi?
Which colour blazer matches a deep pink top?
What were some early 90's shorts for men?
Can I determine whether a person is successful depending on the way they dress?
What are some workout trendy outfits for summers?
Where can I find cheap, plain, unbranded cotton T-shirts in Hyderabad? I'm looking for a manufacturer.
What do you call a person who always wear formal?
What top goes with this black draped skirt?
Which are the best and stylish Kurti manufacturers in Amar Colony, Delhi?
What are some great chino brands for men?
What pair of jeans is comfortable in the summers?
Why do North Korean officials wear large trousers?
Where can I get trendy as well as casual shorts for running?
Whats size comes after 18/20 in boys’ clothing?
Which is the best skin tight jeans brand?
What type of dress would suit a tall fat girl with a large lower back?
Can a feminine sissy male wear a skirt and blouse for a mainstream job interview?
How do you wear a Kuchipudi saree?
What kind of question should I ask a buyer about printed t-shirts?
Do feminists support the idea of guys being allowed to wear short-shorts with their parts half hanging out?
Where can we use a leather jacket?
Why do my feet swell after wearing shoes the whole day?
Is Under Armour a UK brand?
Which is best outfit/brand for running wear for the Indian Summer season?
What shirt or T-shirt should I wear with black straight-fit cotton pants in the summer (guy)?
What should be a unique Brand name for women's clothing?
What is the difference between shift dress and A-line dress?
What is the perfect outfit for the beach season?
Does wearing blazers as shown in the below pictures look odd or is it OK?
I'm a 17 year old girl and want to get a new wardrobe. What are some essential pieces?
How can I take suggestions for clothes about whether it looks good or not?
How common is it for grooms to wear a white tie in America?
Why is casual dress allowed on Fridays in Indian IT companies?
What is the name of the colorful cloth strings with puffy balls and flowers that dangle from the elbows and wrists of the Rajasthani dancers?
Why do many people wear dark or mirrored aviator shades indoors, even in dark rooms?
Which color belt goes well with green trousers and a blue t-shirt?
Why do so many men and women wear military uniforms to places such as grocery outlets, schools, etc.?
What dress did Mary Stuart actually wear to her execution?
When flying United, what would be a good T-shirt to wear in protest of their dragging a paid customer off a flight?
Are there any windows in structures made with concreate cloth?
Which is the best place for formal wears in Delhi for females?
What fabrics are durable and easy to clean with LoveSac sactionals?
What do young Iranians wear in their everyday life?
What style of crop top would suit a white chiffon skirt? (See the image in description for an idea.)
What do I do to get a job in Canada in apparel retail as a buyer?
Where can I find the cheapest kurta with a Modi jacket in Mumbai?
What are brands that sell t-shirts that doesn't strink?
Where can I find a Wolverine inspired t-shirt?
Which shirt is good to wear with a pair of olive cargo pants?
Why does Indian fabric, or Indian clothing, have color bleeding?
What colour of shirt suit goes with blue jeans?
Why is the NEET dress code far more strict than the JEE Mains dress code?
Is the luxury clothing market dying?
Which material sticks to clothes?
Does using many pins while wearing a saree make a woman look beautiful?
Why do people shop online for clothing? Is it not easier to walk into a store, try it on, and then buy it?
What does your school's uniform look like?
Is there any dress code in AIIMS?
Is there any online website that sells urban dress that can replicate photos of a dress if I send them?
Is it really rude to wear a hat indoors?
Are there any clothing and textile or fashion designing courses in Spain for Bangladeshi?
What kind of top will look good with palazzo pant?
Is it ok for a male high school student to wear white briefs?
Where can I find a nice three-piece suit?
Which events/interests led people to buy clothes, shoes, and bags?
Why does it feel weird to put on pants first then socks? What percentage of the population does this?
What should I wear for my interview at IIHR?
Why do guys stare at the gaps of women's pants?
Why do we wear sweatpants in the gym?
I want to start my own clothing brand, but I can't design. Do you have any advices?
What is the history of express clothing?
Why do adults always seem to question ripped jeans?
Have anyone peed their pants while waiting?
Who wears underwear as swimwear?
What do you mean by degrees of wear?
Can I wear emeralds and pearls together on different hands?
How do you attach sequins to your clothes?
Why don't we wear torn clothes? Sometimes they look great. What's wrong with wearing them?
Are the clothes you wear to school important?
What jacket is Theo wearing in his first appearance in Syfy's Van Helsing?
Unneeded and Edited
What is a good top or T-shirt for a red-and-black pair of check rough jeans?
Can men wear female panties?
What are disposable garments? Where are they used?
What are some specific dressing tips for overweight men?
What goes well with leggings in winter?
What are some striking, nontraditional wedding clothes?
What are the best cloths/costumes/attire for the couple to be wore for pre-wedding photoshoot?
What shirt, shoes, and trousers should I wear with a lavender blazer?
What are the tips to wearing a madisar?
How do you wear pantyhose so that you look more beautiful and slim?
What is the dress code for WBJEE 2017 exam?
What is the customs duty percentage on polyester shirts?
How do I wash workout clothes if I live alone?
What is the dress code in Pondicherry University?
All the button holes on my (man) shirt are vertical except the bottom one which is horizontal. Why is this?
If women dislike their body, why do so many, of all sizes, showcase it in form-fitting clothing (midriff tops, tights with thongs, etc)?
What’s your favorite piece of clothing you own / owned?
Do designer jeans look good with a T-shirt and jean jacket?
Should I ask my parents for boxers instead of female underwear?
How and when did sleeved dresses, extending below the knees and with narrowed waists and singular color schemes, go out of style in the US?
Why do people have a problem with ripped jeans in India?
Which color turban match with peach shirt?
Is it always necessary to match belts and shoes, even when we wear casual outfits?
Does black cloth absorb more water?
What type of necklace color or choker is suited to this dress?
Should elderly men wear black thread around their waists?
What kind of casual shoes can I wear with semi-formal dresses?
Could I price the T-shirts I sell based upon the size of the T-shirts?
Which is the best and cheapest place in Pune to buy hiking clothing?
How much material is used in traditional Indian attire for men?
What can a person be called if it wear specs?
Why is wearing less clothes by celebrities is considered as a fashion statement?
Where did ties come from and why do people wear them?
Is fashion also a kind of uniform?
Is there a size guide to convert between clothing in both USA and India?
Where can I get cheap and stylish western wear for women in Thane or Mumbai?
How do you wear clothing post-shoulder surgery?
How will Amazon disrupt the apparel retail industry?
How do you feel about girls wearing bootie short?
Is it good to wear a black dress in summer?
Should I brush a polyester blazer, or just wool?
Does wearing a short dress depict a woman’s character?
Is it possible to create a clothing line with only $1,000?
During BUD/S training, are you allowed to wear compression shorts, or do you have a required undergarment supplied to you?
What color shirt goes with orange pants?
How much money is needed to open a branch of H&M or Forever 21?
Is it OK to wear just a dress shirt and tie with no jacket?
What is the best software for a warehouse/store?
Where can I find a reasonably priced pink men's blazer online for USA delivery?
Where can I get free summer clothing that looks good?
Can I wear shorts (knee-length) to NEET 2017?
Why wear push-up bras?
Why do people who wear a hijab always wear the same style even though I have seen many different styles?
How can I find some books/albums about abstract clothes/fashion?
Should I wear a pocket square?
Do cargo pants look good on skinny girls?
What are some well-regarded American makers of men's custom shoes?
How do I repair a hole in polyester track pants?
What whould I wear in a friend's sister wedding?
We are both well dressed. She has 3 layers and I have 2 layers of clothes. Is there any possibility for semen to enter into her vagina through these cloth?
If a man asked a women for her panties to wear daily, would she be likely to give him at least a pair?
Why are men being called gay when they wear fashionable outfits?
Where can I get summer women's clothing online?
What are ideal casual office clothes for hot offices?
Are long kurtas official or casual dress?
What is your job and what do you wear to the office?
I have a Jodhpuri jacket (not too formal type). Can I wear it with shirt (collar) and dark denim jeans. If yes, shall I keep the jacket unbuttoned?
When you are being interviewed, are "worn" business casual clothes from goodwill going to be a problem?
Where can I buy Dhoti pants - online or in Hyderabad?
Do we have any apps in India to sell used clothes?
Why do we invariably wear out our left socks first?
Can straight men wear women's clothing out in public?
What​ does one wear in an engagement party?
When will Indian women change their national dress? It’s so embarrassing to see a teacher’s bodice in her national dress. I respect English dresses.
Should a man tell a women to wear makeup?
Who is interested in a custom t-shirt business?
What do I need to consider when I want to expand my customer base and increase sales of a traditional clothing line business?
What do you think about a bargain clothing store in Mexico?
Are shoes and clothes from brands like Allen Solly and Flying Machine, manufactured in India?
For a man who has no interest in fashion but still wants to look good, what are the best options without breaking the bank?
Should I wear a really well-fitting suit to prom or a rental tux?
How do I start kids garments shops?
Did your school staff scold you for wearing short skirts or was it fine?
What's your favorite, most desired football kit that you believe is the most detailed, colourful and beautiful looking?
What is the necessity of a random blouse test?
What's the best fabric for tailoring a barrister's robe?
Can anyone give me some contacts of wholesalers (electronics/clothing/footwear) in Bangalore?
Can petite women wear maxi tops?
What color panties are you currently wearing?
How does the water on washed clothes evaporate?
Why do my clothes shrink when I get them back from the laundry, and how do I avoid this?
What is the dress code of Grand Medical Dollege Mumbai?
How did underwear come to be, and why do we keep using it?
The funeral dress code involves wearing white and red, and I'm panicking. I have never been to a funeral that involves wearing red. What can I wear?
What supplier does Ivory Ella use for their shirts?
What is a good online place to sell cycling clothing and footwear in the UK?
Can I use a picture or the name of the boxer Canelo Alvarez to sell t-shirts?
Can you take off your shirt in public where you live?
Where in India can we find different fabrics for a small scale manufacture of clothes for a fashion startup?
Why don't the Chicago White Sox wear the white jersey with black sleeves anymore?
Is my boyfriend obliged to share his jacket when it's cold and I forgot to bring my own jacket?
What's the difference between women's underwear and lingerie?
What type of dress and heels should I wear to ladies’ day at a horse racing event?
How would Amazon's custom-clothing system work?
What is the one thing that frustrates you when selecting clothing for your body?
What sort of difficulties did you face when you were new to wearing saree?
Would you wear cufflinks casually if they were designed for casual wear?
How can you make togas out of fabric?
Does it mean a girl is comfortable, if she underwear-shops in front of you?
If you have no clean underwear, is it better to go commando, or wear a used one?
Where should I buy branded sports branded clothes for cheap rates in Dhaka?
What kind of clothing do the people of the Southern Paiute wear?
I play hardcore games on my phone, and it warms up a lot. I put it on a box with ice and keep a cloth between them. Is that alright?
How to dress in dieselpunk style?
Why do girls wear jeans?
Do your prefer to wear control top or all sheer pantyhose?
Where can I donate my old books and clothes in Noida?
When is the best time to wear a striped sweater?
How can I open my bra in front of a doctor?
Why do liberals wear silly ties?
Why aren’t fielders allowed to wear gloves?
Which cloth do girls remove first before a bath, a jeans or a top?
How do people dress for weather in the UK?
Is there any side effects on wearing cooling vest?
Which color of casual shirt suits an indigo blue t-shirt?
What color goes well with a red fabric sofa?
If the world was created again, what are the chances that a suit and tie would be considered formal clothing?
What’s the best kind of footwear to buy in the summertime for females?
Why doesn't Narendra Modi wear jeans and a t-shirt?
What are some of the best places to shop for my wedding Saree and Lehenga? I am looking for whole-sealers and manufacturers.
Why do Indians look down upon a Westerner who is wearing jeans/shorts in public?
What kind of warm clothes should I bring to Australia?
Which is the best brand of men’s shirts - Gas or Diesel?
Is it mandatory to wear a blazer during the Deloitte onboarding program?
Are all of the clothes online at Forever 21 in the store?
What clothes do women wear in China?
What are your favorite local clothing brands from your state?
Where can I find plus size shirts in Mumbai?
Are there any cute clothing stores out there that sell modest clothes?
Is it normal to be attracted towards the visible bra straps of a female?
What should one wear to attend IIT mtech counselling? Is it really necessary to wear formals or go with casual?
How can you make a loose knit scarf?
Where can I buy a Yoda themed t-shirt?
In a USA Today poll, 35% of women and 15% of men said they never wear knickers. Do you?
Should we wear tight sport shoes?
Would other Asians think it is weird if Vietnam brings back Le Dynasty clothing and start wearing it like ao dai?
How would I dress in fashion from 1991 and 1996 if I'm a guy?
Can one wear a tight shirt instead of a bra?
Which is the best tailoring software?
What fine clothes should I wear at my alma mater's farewell? The theme of our farewell is "Hollywood/Bollywood".
What are the best garment manufactoring companies in Africa?
What are the best colour combination cloths for 20 year boy?
Why is there not underwear made for men that are like women's panties?
How much money could a man hope for when selling his used clothing in 1905-1910 London?
Can someone lay all the fundamentals of clothing and style for men?
What do you think of the Met Gala 2017 outfits?
Why do men put their right leg first while wearing pants, but girls put their left leg first?
Could someone please rank the major UK fashion retailers from high end to low for someone who has recently arrived?
Can you wear your own clothes in prison?
How much does it take to set up a factory for making clothes in India?
Do Arab men wear thong underwear?
Where can I buy baggy jeans in India for men?
What do you think of people wearing unbuttoned shirts with a T-shirt underneath?
What lingerie should I wear under my dress when I meet this guy at his place on Wednesday? Pics would help.
Why can Indian girls not wear Western outfits after marriage?
Can I dye my faded jeans to be more black?
What is the best outfit for friends?
Can sleeveless shirts be worn for NEET 2017?
Would more people wear button covers if the design was fashionable?
Why does my sweat leave yellow stains on my shirt?
How do I find a manufacturer for my clothing startup without a huge catital?
As a tall women, how do I dress better?
If you could have any words written on your shirt, what would they be?
How can you get fingernail polish out of clothes?
What are the best places where I can buy clothes for fat people?
Who are some women that regularly go braless?
Will people judge me if I wear a hijab?
Can I wear a 3/4 sleeve kurta or a t-shirt when I go to take the NEET examination?
To what extent does a woman's workplace attire impact her ability to succeed professionally?
What are the problems which arise in denim fabric?
Where can I find Star Wars glow in the dark T-shirts online?
What colors look good with grey pants?
What is the dress code for MBA students at Sri Ramachandra University (especially for girls)?
Are there types of jackets that can be used over suits but can also be worn during the summer?
Where can I buy some white distressed jeans online?
How do I manage a production factory (t-shirt) that is big with two or three branches of they are in different places?
We are in Delhi/NCR and want to get garments stitched in bulk at cheap rates. What are some suggestions?
Would it be weird to wear a long sleeved vintage dress to Prom if I develop the nerve to go eventually?
Where can I buy level IV bullet-resistant clothing?
What type of short shorts do men wear?
Why did women used to stick keys in their waist traditionally?
Where can I sell my old clothes in Delhi?
How do we test fast different colors of embroidery on a fashion product (virtually) before we manufacture?
Why do some straight men today dress and act femininely?
What colour T-shirt would go well with gray trousers?
Where can I donate clothes, food and useful products?
What can one wear on a corduroy trousers?
How can you remove foundation from your clothes?
Stylish men: other than blazers, and sports jackets, what other tops are there?
How do English boys dress?
What fabrics and clothing does Van Heusen use?
Is there still a dress code in NIT Trichy for girls in 2017 (official or unofficial)?
G? Is polyester cloth rough in wearing?
Where can I find patterns for Levis vintage denim jackets?
What lipstick should I wear with a yellowish light sand color blouse?
What type of machine is required to stitch a tee shirt?
Where can I get the Kids Men Legends T-shirt?
What materials do you need to make different kinds of jeans?
Can I wear a Hasidic hat if I'm half-ethnically Jewish?
Can I put a black bow tie on with a white shirt and blue jeans, with blue loafers?
How do sauna suits work?
Can you wear clothing that isn't for your gender at work (if you don't need a special type of clothing like a scrub or something)?
What sizes should I offer for a startup clothing line?
Which is the best place to buy churidar suits at a wholesale rate?
The stains from my coloured clothes come off easily, but the whites are impossible. What are some suggestions?
Do men like their girlfriends to wear sexy bras during sex?
Is it worth paying dearly for designer clothes?
What is a different way 2 style my dungaree?
What should I tell a five year old child when he asks,"Why is Uncle Paul wearing a dress?"
Why do teenage guys like to wear skinny jeans?
What clothing fashion is trending now?
Why do my socks always fall down?
What happens to an actor's costumed underwear (underwear made by the costume designers from the wardrobe for the actor's scene) after it's been worn?
What clothes should I buy for college?
Does a puff-sleeved top look good with skinny leather pants?
What color pants goes with a black t-shirt?
If a woman wears a neckband, does it mean that she likes being dominated?
Are darker colored pants better during the winter?
Why is it important to wear a mangala sutra while performing marriage?
What are the best apps to be used on Shopify by a men's shirt brand? What would be the benefits?
Do you remember the details of the clothes you wear in a dream (because I don’t)?
Which brand of active sports wear do you like?
Is it annoying/wrong that I sometimes dress very punk rock and sometimes dress feminine chic (think clothing stores like Zara)?
What type of sarees best suits urban working women?
Do woman like men who wear panties?
What causes cross-dressing?
Which kind of clothes do you like on the opposite gender and why?
What color should a guy wear if the girl is wearing golden gown?
Where can I find Muslim clothes in Gaborone?
Can I wear a t-shirt and black half pants to the NEET UG exam?
Do girls wear a bra to bed?
Do Muslim women wear skirts?
Why should one not wear a black shirt for an SSB interview? Does wearing black reflect something negative in accordance to the army or OLQs?
How do I sell T-shirts and other Apparels on my website?
With more than 2 of 3 adults considered overweight or obese, why do so few department stores carry Big and Tall clothing?
In what video did Markiplier first wear the warfstache?
How did you train yourself to wear saree?
How much does it cost to make tshirts of the quality like Lacoste and Ralph Lauren with the same fabric they use?
What is the best way to clean smelly workout clothes?
Do you like the red Nightwing suit, or the blue one?
Who makes the best men’s sleepwear?
What are the stereotypes surrounding different jacket brands?
How can I suppress my urge to wear women's clothing?
Is seeing pet hair on black tights visible to other people?
Why does David Beckham love wearing a grey T-shirt most of the time?
Are there alternatives to wearing a bra while maintaining decency at the same time for a slim but heavy chested woman?
Where can I find clothing supplier from turkey or UK?
I am making an ultralight aircraft. What would you recommend for a sail cloth?
What are your tips and tricks on how to wash clothes by hand?
Which sports bra fabric is better for aerobics - cotton, nylon, or polyester?
What is the cost of fabric for mass production of ladies’ blouses in India?
Why do some males like to wear their jeans halfway down their bum?
Where do you buy salwar kameez online?
What would be appropriate women's formal wear for a Defence interview in India?
How can I start my own brand of clothing in India? Where do I find good quality of material manufacturers?
How does detergent powder clean clothes?
Is it okay to wear Indian saree for my graduation in USA?
Can I wear cream trouser with black blazer?
Is it better to wear clothes that fit or hide things like excess weight, etc.?
What is the best way to set fabric dye?
Why do they only make sweater pill shavers with battery power? Why can't you buy a sweater pill shaver that has a cord that plugs into the wall?
Where can I buy women’s clothing sized 0/2 in the UK?
How do I compliment a girl’s shoes?
Is it okay for a man to wear ripped jeans with (sheer) pantyhose?
Can girls wear bikinis in public places besides the pool or beach?
Why do hunters and zoologists usually wear shorts or clothing that doesn't cover all their skin?
Can males wear female track shorts?
Where can I find Guardians’ characters T-shirts online?
What is the best suitable dress for a marriage function for men?
Is there any long-sleeve fashion for men besides shirts and winter clothes?
Why can’t you iron wool garments with a hot iron, but for cotton garments, you can do it?
How do I start a scarf business in India? How can I find genuine scarf vendors?
What happens if you don't wear bra and panties?
How would I dress in a 1990-1991 outfit if I'm a guy?
What colour saree would best suit a dark-complexioned girl?
What do you call a jersey without sleeves?
If I am a 28x30 men's size for a pair of jeans, what size would I be for women's?
Which is better for running, ankle socks, quarter socks, crew socks, or knee-high socks?
Where can I find a stylish winter coat in South Africa?
Should women be allowed to wear white, especially white dresses, if they're not virgins?
How big should your breasts be to wear a bra?
Is padded and wired bra injurious to breasts?
How do we recycle clothes into yarn?
Why do people in North India wear scarves a lot?
What should I look for, when buying my first pair of Geta?
How I get orders for clothing designs on Fiverr?
How do I wear jeans?
Is it child abuse to let a 12 year old dye her hair and wear crop tops?
Can u name some Good handbag brand within 4000 range?
Is it strange if you have only one pair of shoes?
Other than the formal black and white combination, which colour combinations would go well for formal attire for women?
What clothes should you wear in summer?
What colors match with brown pants?
After a trip to Dubai I noticed the majority of women dressed in black and the majority of men dressed in white. Why is this?
How do garments factories ship their goods abroad?
If a person was wearing a bright hat or weird outfit, would it make people more or less likely to remember their face?
What are some signs of high quality hoodies and t-shirts?
What cities have the most men wearing suits?
What is the best place to shop fashion apparels for men in Chennai?
Do silk cotton sarees contain silk?
Where can I find glow-in-the-dark superhero T-shirts online?
Is mink oil good for leather shoes?
Why do people find ripped jeans so fashionable?
What kind of clothing do geniuses wear?
Do the billionaires of the world use their clothes & other wearable things more than one time or destroy them?
What do you wear to a funeral in the summer?
What is the best online retailer for buying a raw denim jacket?
What are the different occasions to wear polo dresses?
Do you know of wholesalers who allow you to sell items like Asian clothing on credit terms?
Can I buy clothes from this site? Is it safe? https://lemonbloom.in
How do you sell clothes on Poshmark?
What was the dressing fashion in ancient Tamil culture?
How can I make cute togas?
Where can I get inexpensive party wear shoulder dusters online in India?
What is the best place to buy maths/physics T-shirts?
What color underwear do girls wear?
Do you wear slippers at home?
How do I create my own clothing brand?
Do girls wear skirts in Sikkim?
Is it hard to pull your tongue stretched out with your face looking at your shoes?
Can we wear a kurti and a palazzo in Christ College, Bengaluru?
How can I check the brand in clothes?
Is it normal to notice somebody's bra visible from her top, the color or the floral design? Does that happen with all bras?
Can I wear sweats to my work?
What is this trend called where you button a denim shirt all the way up to the top, and how can you pull it off?
In which stream is a black coat used in the government jobs?
Are there ready-made lists of Would You Rather questions?
Where can I buy some nice and fashionable Polo T shirts?
What are some best dressing hacks for men?
Why do the economists wear bow ties?
Where are Monica Geller’s clothes from?
What should a woman wear to brunch with a man she's interested in?
Which is your favorite workout wear?
If even a woman wearing a hijab is raped, why is it that some conservative men blame women for their westernized clothing methods?
Is it normal to see if women's panty-lines are visible through their pants?
Why is Dhoni wearing full sleeves jersey since last 3 matches?
Why does the cheongsam of the Chinese have no pants?
Have you ever been attacked or shot while wearing clothing by Miguel Caballero?
Is wearing cologne to bed normal?
Why do crows follow me when I wear all black?
What clothes are good for my daughter's wedding?
Why do people wear jeans (denim) while walking or jogging?
Does anyone need 100% cotton shirts from Egypt?
How can I open the market of winter jackets in EU?
Should I buy different shirts to give my employees than the ones I sell to my customers?
What are the latest brand of men's and women's outfit?
Where can I find Indian exporters who deal in women’s ethnic wear?
How do I wear a dress I purchased from Bali? It was packed in a small pouch bag.
What is Shraddha Kapoor wearing on the February 2017 Cosmopolitan cover? Is it underwear, briefs or shorts?
Why do some people still wear wristwatches in India?
Why are ghosts always seen in old-timey clothes but never in modern garb?
Why dryer can lead to clothes wrinkling?
My girlfriend puts her string bikini on me and ties it really tight should it be really tight (top and bottoms)?
Why are there male sellers in a shop of bras and panties?
How can I customize my own beanie?
From where can we buy the best raw material for men's shirts and jeans?
Can I wear a cream coloured, long kurti with patches for the NEET?
Where is the place to help you create unique and stylish custom T-shirts for your team?
Which colour formal shirt looks good for black pant other than blue?
Are girls allowed to wear jeans for the NEET in 2017?
What is the best way to run a successful kids clothing store?
What type of clothes should I take for a holiday in Palampur and Dharamshala on the last few days of May?
Should I use LTD or "brand" for the end of my clothing line?
How can clothes be fashionable and regarded as beautiful one season, and then suddenly be considered unfashionable and ugly the next?
Which is the best online stitching tailor in Pune?
Do women wear corsets today?
What should I wear for my NIFT GDPI?
Do they really wash the dirty clothes in cleaning detergent ads, do they use new ones, or do they shoot the scenes with the dress before it got dirty?
Why does my wife believe that leaving clothes outside on the line to dry when it gets dark (not overnight) will make them wet?
Can you recommend dresses I can wear to an Indian wedding? I am the groom's sister and a teenager.
Why does President Trump wear his tie far too long and never button his suit jackets?
Are you tired of tucking your shirt over and over?
What percentage of people in ancient China could afford to wear silk?
Is it a good idea for a software developer to start a t-shirt business?
Is there a spandex-like fabric that is also non-rippable and anti-abrasion?
Is there an alternative to dresses on formal parties?
How do you style acid wash jeans?
Why do my t-shirts shrink if I don't expose them to heat?
What drives people and engage to spend money on clothing for sport?
How should I wear a Breton top in the summer?
What kind of belt should I wear with Oxford shoes, that has some black and brown?
What is my bra size if my band is 39 and cup size 41?
Why are interior pockets on jackets and suits so satisfying?
Why can't children wear hats in school?
How can I contact clothing manufacturers in India?
Can I get fired for not coming to the office in formal clothes?
What is six fabric in archaeology?
When interviewing for a technology company, is it better to dress with a suit and tie or more casually? Is it rude to ask HR before interviewing?
Which proper opaque clothes/fabrics are so thin and light that they make you feel like you’re not wearing anything?
Can we wear white slacks in NEET 2017?
Can you wear a greatcoat in the summer?
I’m 5'10 and weigh 145 pounds. Which dress size should I choose?
Why don't Hindu men wear bindi on their forehead?
How do classic fit and slim fit differ?
Why do clothes look like they would be more comfortable to wear inside out, but aren't?
What will happen if I wear only underpants in a party and a suit in a swimming pool?
What's the best cheapest website to ombre custom Tshirts shirts?
How should I get my 2-year-old little girl ready for a dress ball?
Deleted question
What sort of dresses should I wear if I'm 5ft10 and size 16/18?
What do you think about the NEET exam dress code atrocity in Kerala?
Is there any need to take permission for selling branded clothes?
What color of shirt and tie should one wear with a black suit?
Where can I buy cheap cloths in New Thippasandra?
What did the T-shirts look like for the casual chic look during the late 90's?
Is it common for American girls to wear baseball caps?
Where can I find a good and budget-friendly tailor to stitch long gowns for a mom and daughter in Hyderabad?
How can I find clothes like Dave bayley?
What are some websites that sell cute fairy kei clothes?
Are there any female YouTubers who don't wear makeup?
Why does a woman wear a thong? Can a guy see it?
Where can I get popular song names printed on t-shirts?
Why are one colour pieces of clothes more expensive than multi coloured ones?
Do a navy blue shirt and brown pants look good together?
What is the actual cost of Levi’s jeans?
What color jeans should I wear with a dark blue denim shirt?
What are the advantages of a penny loafer?
What are some outfit ideas for a glow party?
What are good names for my subscription men's clothing startup?
Does sweat stain clothes?
In Project Runway, why do they say “pant” instead of “pants”?
Where can you find trendy clothes in Hyderabad?
How do males tan since most men wear boardshorts?
Would you notice a guy wearing pantyhose in public?
How should I dress to a house party?
Do men prefer bespoke clothes or ready-made clothes?
Why do my sweaters come back from the cleaners in a bigger size?
Why do gay men wear skirts and bras? Would gay men ever get tired of stealing women's bras?
What does it mean when a guy offers you his t-shirt?
What happens to the clothes and accessories which celebrities use after the shooting ends?
Is there a seller of V-neck knit sweater in the Netherlands?
What should you do to sell branded intact clothes in small quantities?
What types of humidity sensors are used in clothes dryers?
What is the dress worn by women working in the Delhi Secretariat?
What kind of men's shirt might look good with this ivory/navy sakura tie?
How do Henry & Belle jeans fit?
What are the best ideas for a horse-riding outfit?
Do Indian guys wear the same clothes at school and at home?
Is there an online store to buy clothes for overweight men that ships worldwide?
How do I compile different colours of shirts and trousers for office and church outfits?
Have you seen a man wearing women's underwear who didn't know they were showing?
What are good wholesale websites that sell trendy and "Tumblr-like"/"aesthetic" clothing for a future boutique?
How do I wear a stripe top?
Is it old-fashioned to wear a gold-plated watch being a teenager?
Are people overreacting to Beyonce dressing up as a goddess?
Where can I find activewear suppliers in the U.S?
I'm planning to wear a kurti for NEET with polka dots on it. Is it acceptable?
Can I print my own design that has a photo of a celebrity on a t-shirt, and sell it?
What's your favourite foot wear and why?
Where can I find clothing that combines a modern look with foreign culture?
Why are gloves better than mittens?
How would I spoof shorts, t-shirt and trainer sneakers to the early to mid 90s vibe?
What should I wear for an Amity interview as a student?
Can the way I dress decide my mood?
I'm wearing a black suit, should I wear a light shirt or dark shirt?
Which type of innerwear are perfect for boys?
Where can I buy frilly shirts and blouses cheap?
Which are the best brands for women to buy clothes from Myntra?
Why don't my developers want to wear handsome suits and stately business dresses to work?
How can we use clothes in a more sustainable way?
Where can I get an "I am Groot" t-shirt online?
Why "Sari" attire in India is considered decent than ladies suits?
Which color shoes should I wear with black pants?
Why do what type of shoes you wear in society today matter? Not only shoes, but why do hairstyles, clothes, etc., also matter?
What do the unpopular kids in your country dress like?
Can I wear leggings and tops along with a chunni in Sathyabama University, or only a Punjabi dress?
What is the difference between tumble dry and dry clean?
Is it weird to change between different clothing styles day to day?
Which will be the best way of promotion for a garment manufacturing company?
Is color very important to you when you are buying clothes?
Why don't Indonesian women wear tube tops (kemben) anymore?
In which countries do women wear saris?
How can I wear Vans high-tops?
What are some smart but casual shoes I can wear everyday?
Is wearing a cut sleeve banyan (vets) a wrong thing?
Besides a "crop top", what is another name for a shirt that consists only of long sleeves and fabric joining them in the back?
What should I wear with my sports jacket?
What do you look for when buying active wear, and what would you like to see more of?
How do you fit someone for medical grade knee high and thigh high compression socks?
What should we see when buying a formal shirt online?
Is there any country that have blocked the entrance to Chinese clothes and textiles?
Why do boys want their girls to wear a saree?
Where can I advertise in India for plus size lingerie?
Do you button the jacket if you have a vest under it?
What are the attributes that should be mentioned when it comes to buying clothing, shoes, bags, accessories and beauty products online?
What are some fashion color palettes or pairings that work in casual wear?
What is your opinion on girls that wear too much make up?
Is there a way to find this 59Fifty NY hat in different sizes online?
What is the best way (or at least some ways) to get rid of gum on a suit jacket?
At what age do girls start wearing purses?
Are there any vegan tweed-like fabrics that are not made from wool?
Should guys be allowed to wear skirts & shiny leggings?
What do actresses do with their clothes after using them in a movie?
How can I find replica leather jackets?
What are the top 10 clothing brands for teenagers?
Is it weird that I find human prudishness with regards to clothes baffling?
When selling T-shirts online, is Amazon onto something and it is better to offer one high-quality shirt in a few colors instead of offering a variety?
Why do the police wear navy blue?
How does one get a clothing brand more popular?
During the 2017 NEET, can I wear a shirt with writing or any design? Also, do I need to know anything about the colour?
Do old wiped yogurt stains on shirts present a risk of bad poisonous bacterial growth?
Can you wear leggings on a date?
How did you know that you need to start wearing a bra?
Which foreign clothing brands are cheaper in Singapore than in India?
How do I buy the perfect pair of underwear?
Where can I buy chocolates and a new born baby dress in Paris for a low price?
Does the enhancing underwear for men accentuates the visibility of front profile?
What are the benefits of dressing up when going to the airport?
How many consecutive days is it socially acceptable to wear yoga pants in San Francisco?
Are there any sites giving away new clothing for free?
Which ethnic dress of India do you find the most elegant?
Where can I get first copy branded clothes in Ludhiana?
Can an American teenager wear a suit to school?
Do girls like wearing shorts?
What is the fool-proof formula for dressing well as a woman today?
Do French stores sell Indian women wear?
What are some color rules to follow while choosing outfit of the day?
Are there any Islamic countries where women are free to wear Western dress, i.e. skirt?
Will Eric Wang ever grow out of his clothes?
What is the dress code for the GDPI at IIHM?
What is a tunic shirt?
How can I make arm socks?
What is the purpose of a thermal sweater?
What will happen if you do not wear underwear? Some people say that your testicles will start hanging. Is it true?
Where can I donate old clothes in Ernakulam?
Why do some girls don’t wear branded lingerie?
How do you know if someone is cutting themselves again when they don't show their arms wear long jumpers and tops?
What are the advantages of buying your outfits at American apparel?
What is a stole?
As seasons change from winter to summer and then MN to rains, which clothes would you choose?
What is the best to wear at beach parties?
Would women/girls find it weird if a guy asks them about the brand and kind of clothes they are wearing?
What is a brilliant way for a woman to carry her smartphone, if she doesn't want to carry it in her purse or pockets?
Where can you buy cloths which suit Switzerland weather in Bangalore?
How do I start a cloth business in Hyderabad?
Why don’t the top-most MNC's allow one to wear comfortable dresses like Google does?
What kind of top can I wear with a cross over halter neck bra or a high neck crop bustier?
Should I hang or fold polo shirts?
Where can I get shoes that were worn by models on Beth Ditto's website?
What are the benefits of using natural fibers in clothing?
Why are the shirts at Polo Ralph Lauren so expensive?
What is an interesting way to fold a pocket square?
Why do some women (in India) cover their breast (with cloth)?
Who are some reputable garment manufacturers in Asia/Europe?
Is there an age or social status at which it is no longer OK to accept used clothes?
I have a neon yellow studded belt and I don't know what to wear with it. What are some things I could wear with it that doesn't seem weird?
What does your dream dress look like?
Which shirt collar works best with a bow tie?
Does full sublimation shirt printing cost less in larger quantities?
Why do so many atheists' avatars wear hats?
Where do women who have small frames and big boobs shop for clothes?
Why do girls or women in the USA wear sport shorts while hanging out and not normal jeans/cotton shorts?
If a woman’s waistline is big, then what kind of dresses does the woman wear?
Is a salwar suit suitable for wearing in the NEET exam?
What should I (boy - 19) wear to my cousin’s wedding and to the engagement function in India which is in summer (May-June)? See details.
Is your wardrobe a mess today?
What kinds of watches are suitable for men with thin wrists to wear?
What company makes yellow male underwear?
What could be the price range for a graphic t-shirt?
What kind of dresses would suit tall and broad-shouldered girls?
What do you like about a ponte skirt?
What is to be done when you have too much body hair and want to wear dresses with stylish cuts?
What are some dressing hacks for very slim women?
What happens if an inset sleeve is sewn in the wrong way?
Is it acceptable to wear a toga to school?
What is the easiest way to remove fuzz balls from your sweater?
Which is the best dress for girls for interview?
What Are The best Western dresses for tall and Stylish Look?
Do you wear gym clothes out and about?
How do I cover up if I am too fat to fit into normal clothes?
If someone wore a jacket all day everyday, could their body adapt to it and slightly dependent on the jacket to keep a normal body temperature?
What are the best lines to write on a Girls's T shirt?
Can I wear leggings with sherwani?
Why can't you wear hoods in a classroom?
Why do my blue jeans seem to absorb more heat from the sun than my black jeans?
I'm trying to create authentic and fashionable looks for a story. How can I tell that a piece of clothing is historically or culturally accurate?
What is the best place to find a good source of tie dye fabric?
From where can I buy brand name and designer clothes in India at wholesale?
What is a good site for ladies’ suit neck designs?
What colour goes with silver the most?
How can I add value to clothes I produce?
What do Amazon do of the clothes returned by the customer?
Why do employees love to wear promotional apparel?
I’m a girl new to wearing saree. How do I get the pleats over the shoulder neatly?
Where can I buy printed t-shirts with memes?
What colour are your knickers today?
Why do clothes smell if not dried properly?
What color of shoes do you wear along with a pink dress?
What should I wear for Easter holidays?
How often per year can you go outside wearing no coats, just a t-shirt and shorts, in London?
Why do cashiers at clothing stores add another bar code sticker to clothes labels even after they have scanned the item?
Which color of pants and shirt will suit a dark blue casual blazer?
What is a lounge bra? Is it the same as a bralette?
Why does pro golf insist on long pants?
What shoes, that would cover a foot tattoo, would look good with a formal green dress?
When clothing stores have store-wide sales, is it because they plan on having brand new inventory coming in?
Is it necessary for a girl to wear girly dresses?
How do I liquidate surplus T-shirts in Mumbai?
What are some wedding wear for summer?
What are crazy golf pants?
How can you remove fuzz balls from your gym clothes?
After using a double edge razor, do you strip them down to clean and dry them every time or just rinse them and leave them to dry naturally?
What should an Indian women’s wear brand consist of?
Which men's clothing brands use the highest quality materials and the best stitching?
What is the purpose of fitted cloth diapers?
Who would want a free trial of plus-sized work clothing and sleepwear?
Should we wear underwear at home also?
What is the best way to succeed in T-Shirt selling?
When are polyester clothes worn?
Does it feel awkward when you wear transparent blouse in public which shows your bra back clearly?
What is an alternative to a frock coat?
Which is the best market for college students​ in Delhi to buy clothes​?
Does the vest you're wearing have to match your dress pants?
What are some beaches in the US where clothing is optional?
Is it true that wearing Rupa underwear is against Islam? Why?
Should I wear leggings instead of shorts when I workout?
What is the best way to put a shiny coating (paint or any other material) on canvas cloth?
What are some unique shirts designs for men?
How do I add variations to a product in WooCommerce, for example, if a customer wants to order an XL sized t-shirt?
What are the best ways to remove scorch marks from a white shirt?
What is the procedure to market our ready-made garments through a local bazaar?
When unsure what to wear, is it best to dress up or dress down?
Were suits as commonplace fifty to sixty years ago as films from that time period would suggest?
Is it okay to wear shorts on an aeroplane?
Which dress fits with a blue colour shoe?
I am so confused about the sizing on Misguided. I wear a small, but don’t know what number it would be in U.K. sizes. Where can I get help with this?
What type and color of footwear goes well with a black kurta, pyjama, and a beige/cream Nehru jacket?
Is Fashionothon selling men’s army T-shirts online?
What's the easiest way to find a factory to print T-shirts?
Is it really important to wear a hat in the sun while running?
Can you wear a suit as a teenager?
What are the low-budget startups in the ready-made garment sector?
Where do I find direct buyers from Europe to export knitted, ready-to-wear garments in bulk quantities?
What are the best ways to remove gas smell from clothes?
How do you get traditional Chinese dresses for women?
What are the best jackets for both cold and rain?
Where should I visit in Bangalore for wholesalers of men’s clothing?
How would guys have worn the early 90's colorful outfits before Grunge?
Why do women wear thongs underneath their workout clothes?
How many total clothing retailers are there in the US? Of the total, how many are SMB clothing retailers (<$25M revenue/year)?
You are to spend a month on a deserted island. In addition to clothes and provisions, you are allowed to bring four other items. What do you bring?
Can girls wear cut sleeve top?
Where can I buy readymade t-shirts in bulk in Mumbai?
Why are women's robes shorter than men's (above the knee)?
What is the purpose of wearing ties? Do girls wear ties too?
How do I know how much fabric to cut to take in trousers? The pattern I am using has too much fabric in the legs. Is there a formula?
Why do girls wear capri yoga pants?
Is batik old-fashioned or just used in nightwear by Indians?
Where is a good place for me to start making my own clothes kinda cheaply?
Are tops with dark sheer sleeves more comfortable during the summer than sleeveless tops?
Could a well dressed muscular person be mistaken as a gangster by the police?
Does my dressing convey my psychological state?
Has anyone used Forevershop.in for selling products online?
Where can I find first copies of branded shoes in wholesale?
Where should I go, in the wholesale market, to buy good quality western dresses at a low price for my newly set up boutique?
How much does it take to start a quality supplement brand in India?
How can I dress up as a woman?
Where is whole sale garments in India for boys?
Where do I find best tailors (considering for a suit) in Pune?
Is it not odd to wear off-shoulder tops at a dance party?
What's the best target market for an interchangeable shirt button?
What is the dress code for a Christian girl?
What is the best way to wash a tie dye shirt?
What is the demand of customized clothing in India?
If a Navy admiral is attending my wedding, will he have to be dressed in his formal uniform?
How do I find someone to make bow ties in Montreal?
How did Dita Von Teese get such a tiny waist? Did corset wearing really do that?
What kind of casual shoes can you wear with shorts?
My sons do not allow me to wear skirts. What should I do?
Which online website provides a 50% discount on clothing?
Do crew neck shirts come across as boyish where you live?
Why do people wear a new dress when going to a movie?
What are your favourite inexpensive dress shirts?
What are some pants that are fire resistant and thermal/night vision resistant?
Is there a smarter way to pair socks? Or do I just hate it?
What makes heather fabric so expensive?
How do I get my husband to stop wearing fedoras with his suits?
Why is American apparel so cheap?
Where can I buy Marvel branded clothes in India?
What is the best textile wholesale market in China in terms of quality and price?
What is the best and cheapest place to buy clothes in Istanbul?
What is the most common garment pattern making program?
To teenagers often wear shorts throughout the winter?
Can I wear shorts in Iran? I am male.
Can Devar touch Bhabhi’s navel in a saree?
Where are the best ethnicwear dress shops in Bangalore to buy a birthday dress for a 1-year-old baby boy?
Where can I get a cheap and stylish Indo-Western sherwani in Mumbai?
How do I wear bike shorts if I want to wear loose shorts over them?
Which is the more efficient way to dry a towel on a clothes line, horizontally or vertically?
What are the best t-shirt packages that you have ever seen?
Where can I find affordable polo t-shirts?
What is the difference between pantyhose and tights?
What is the dress code at ANZ Operations & Tech, Bangalore?
What is pouch underwear?
What math/physics equation would look cool on a shirt?
If burqa-wearing Muslim women continuously see Western clothes-wearing girls, then why don't they also wear them if they like such beautiful clothing?
Why does Modi wear koti?
What accessories do I need with a white and golden lehenga with a red dupatta?
Which color kurta looks good on a sky-blue color Nehru jacket, except white?
Where can I get a genuine Italian suit stitched in India?
Why can't you wear red to a funeral? And is it a bad idea to wear red to a job interview at a funeral home?
Why can my fat male neighbor with boobs walk down the street with no shirt on but I, a woman, can't?
What is the dress code in PSG iTech?
Where can I sell packs of socks in wholesale?
How can I dress to attract boys?
Would girls stare at a man's penis if he wore revealing pants?
What is the tuxedo jacket that is cropped in the front and back called? Is it okay to wear them to any event?
Which city is better for apparel opportunities, Bangalore or Indore?
Can we wear a shirt for the NEET?
How big is the G cup bra?
Which is the best type of ironing/pressing of clothes, steam ironing or dry ironing?
Is it too late to launch a clothing brand and build manufacturing facility in Asia a year later?
What are some fashion brands that specialize in graphic t-shirts?
What should I be wearing as someone with a slim build?
Why is it that it’s mostly women from Bolivia who wear bowler hats and not men?
What do K-pop idols wear under their stage outfits?
Where in Kolkata should I go if I want to buy a designer net/chiffon/georgette saree for an affordable price?
Is there any scientific reason for Muslims to wear a sherwani and a topi?
Why is it normal for females to wear male clothing, yet frowned upon for males to wear female clothing?
What does a formal attire look like?
What color pants goes well with a white shirt for men?
What kind of attire should I wear for my BBA entrance interview?
What purpose does a cleavage-revealing dress serve a girl if it’s not about comfort, like shorts compared to jeans?
What are the best tips for launching your apparel Brand in China?
Why are leggings with pockets so popular?
How many men think that women who wear a great perfume are irresistibly attractive?
Why does maternity wear feature so many dresses?
Why don’t today's men wear a dhoti as a dress?
Can sleeveless shirts be worn as formals by ladies?
Can you share your pics with best lingerie you have?
Why can Hispanics wear “Brown Pride” shirts, but White people can’t wear “White Pride” shirts without conflict?
Do tall guys in the Netherlands in the 195-200 cm bracket find it hard to find clothes?
Where can I find some good looking blackish/grayish jeans?
In most cases, why do ghosts wear white clothes?
What was the in-universe explanation for why Hogwarts students stopped wearing robes around the third year?
What could be causing small holes to be appearing in my T-shirts?
What are some clothes that look good but are decent for girls?
If you took part in a challenge to dress for a week in a way that only allowed you to show your elbows and down, neck and up, and knees and down, what would you wear?
What are slim-fit jeans for men called?
Is it necessary for girls to wear a Salwar suit on the day of the 2017 NEET exam?
What is a source of linen shirting fabric in cut pieces or surplus fabric in lots or bales in India?
Should I wear a dress to school tomorrow?
Where is the cheapest wholesale readymade market of girls clothes in India?
Should I wear a cut-sleeves t-shirt with jeans in NEET 2017?
How do I choose the right promotional apparel?
What made you start dressing modestly?
How do I build a men's clothing empire?
What would look good with a light denim-style shirt with pearlised fasteners?
Why do doctors need good outfits?
How do Billabong board shorts fit?
Why is it that men have to dress modestly, but women don't?
What colour clothes go together?
How can I wear thongs without anyone noticing?
Is a woman’s dress style the cause of rape?
Is it punishable to have dirty underwear?
What pants can I wear in the summer for air circulation?
Are long sleeve t-shirts for summer or winter wear?
Why are branded clothes in India so overpriced when they are produced in India?
Where can I find branded clothes at wholesale prices in India?
What should I do if my husband asks me to wear western clothes which I am not comfortable with and I could not deny him as we are recently married?
What do fashion designers wear?
Why do people have the perception that girls dress up for others?
What are the latest wedding fashion trends for summer 2017?
How do you combine cardigans and shorts?
Where can I get branded shoes for cheap in Bangalore?
Which type of necklace set, earrings, bangles, and maang tikka will suit this lehenga?
Is it okay to workout in an underwear made of lace fabric?
What is the basic cost to manufacture a 100% cotton T-shirt?
What do you wear with high tops?
How can I convert my love for fashion (clothing) and my desire to be hospitable into a career?
Why do some people prefer getting their clothes stitched instead of buying branded ones?
How do I wear pant trousers?
Is it ok to wear sports shoes daily to work?
Where can I find runway style clothing that isn't incredibly expensive?
What type of dress is suitable for a marriage engagement?
With which dress can I wear cowboy shoes?
Are there any brands of invisible socks that don't slip down off your heel?
How do I wear a bright t-shirt?
What do I do once I have inventory for an apparel company?
What are camisole tank tops?
Is it disrespectful to wear an American flag on your clothing?
What are the best online apps to buy clothes?
Which is the best online store to buy casual and formal wear at reasonable prices?
How can you make your own underwear?
From where do sellers purchase the latest fashion clothes to resell them in markets in Delhi?
Are there genuine women out there who enjoy feminine, straight, cross-dressing men?
Does one know of any good clothing stores for a 13-year-old?
Can I wear a suit for a university welcoming event?
What color pants do I wear with white shirt and charcoal-grey blazer?
Have you ever heard of a "custom" autographed jersey?
What is butt lift underwear?
I’m autistic, and mild physical pressure calms me down. What should I wear under my shirt that can apply constant pressure?
How do I prevent myself from sweating so much while wearing dress clothes (dress shirt, tie, suit)?
Who wore the dress that was worn by Eugene in Tangled Ever at wedding time first, Jack Frost or Eugene?
Where can I donate old clothes in Bhandup?
How can I be a buyer for a clothing retailer? I have lots of experience in this industry as a importer from Bangladesh. Also, I am a native.
What is the best color saree for me to wear for my anniversary?
Why do some men wear a pinky ring?
Why is it relaxing to walk around the house in your underwear?
Should I wear make up?
Was it really typical for well-to-do guys in the 20s to wear suits all the time?
What is the dress code of Medi-Caps University?
What are cool brands of Deodorant /Cologne?
Can the expectations around women's attire in the workplace be undone, rather than just adjusted to be more realistic and comfortable?
Can 100% polyester suits be machine washed?
Are we overpaying for brand name clothes?
Where can I find customized jackets?
What is the dress code at XLRI?
Who keeps clothes longer, men or women?
Can we wear pink formal shirts in America?
When your husband helps you wear your saari, how does it feel?
What is the dress code for girls at Christ University (M.A. English)?
How would I get a stylish dress sense?
What should I wear to a 1920s party?
What are the common fabrics used in manufacturing t-shirts and lowers?
What clothes size do most teens wear?
Where can I sell my used clothes?
Is it okay if I wear the same type of clothing every day to college?
What are waterproof jackets made of?
Do girls get aroused looking at guys wearing shorts?
How would I dress in a casual chic style from the late 90's?
What are some of the best men's jeans?
Where can I find & purchase fluorescent dyes to be used on clothes?
Is life measured by fluency in English, branded clothes, or a rich lifestyle?
Where can I buy Allen Walker’s masked hoodie in India?
Why are male devotees required to remove their shirts in temples?
Which is best and pocket friendly compression t-shirt in India?
Is it ok for a girl to wear a suit/tux to the prom?
What is the logic of B. R. Ambedkar wearing a suit and Mahatma Gandhi not wearing anything?
How do I find a good manufacturing company (US or foreign) if I wanted to start my own cycling apparel label?
Where could I buy full evening dress online?
What are high quality clothing brands similar to Hollister but low price in local malls in California?
What’s the most annoying piece of clothing your parents made you wear during your childhood?
How far back should your dress shirt or suit jacket sleeves come when you lift your arms?
What coating could be used on carbide blades to indicate areas of wear?
Is there an online site to buy fake brand clothing?
Which weave is best for the denim fabric and why?
What materials do you need to make black underwear?
Can a person with an oddly shaped head wear white briefs?
What are the must have wardrobe essentials for women?
What is your preferred online clothing store for kids?
Can jeans be tailored?
You are waiting in a business lounge and wearing a business suit and shoes. I walk in wearing a t-shirt and flip-flops. What is your first thought?
I and a few other boys in our coaching class get distracted by a teacher who is very attractive. Should I write to her anonymously to tell her to wear less revealing clothes?
Are you looking for unique T-shirt designs for kids?
A cami-style bra tends to bring my breasts closer together. It looks funny to me. It has molded, non-padded cups and a hook closure. Is it fine?
Is wearing your heart on your sleeve a good or bad thing?
What do we call cloth in Sanskrit?
Who are some famous women who currently work in politics?
What is the correct way to wear a cap in Islam, and is wearing a cap like Aladdin allowed?
What type of necklace would go with a long spaghetti strap dress with a straight across neckline?
Do girls like wearing tights?
When did you wear your first bikini?
Can a man get an infection of any kind wearing a thong?
Which is the best online site for T-shirts?
What are Indian Muslims views on Sania Mirza wearing a short skirt?
What colour back cover will suit a black Redmi Note 4?
Where is best saree production?
Is it appropriate to wear shorts in Japan?
Where can I buy a Spider-Man dress for adults in Hyderabad?
How do I stop addiction to buying clothes?
What are ultra lightweight travel dress shoes for men?
How come the Muslim black attire for women is a recent thing? How did it spread in the last decades replacing traditional clothing?
When working with DNA sequencers, is it necessary to wear masks and/or sterile clothes?
What are the Moldavians’ clothing styles?
What would happen if you wore a T-shirt with a Swazi symbol on it and walked in a crowded place like Israel?
Where is a shirt fabric store in Delhi?
Which type of underwear should men wear?
Can you guys give me a quick lesson in vocabulary related to clothing in the USA?
Do you need to wear compression pants (when hiking) if your thighs don't touch?
What are the best outfits for street dancing?
What store with maternity clothing would you recommend?
What is the logic behind banning girls from wearing Western clothes after marriage in India?
Where can I find a fabric expert person who can tell me all about fabrics in Hyderabad or Mumbai?
For women, what are the best places in Hyderabad to shop for less expensive and good quality clothes?
What is your most treasured garment and why?
Why do Indian lawyers wear black coats?
What’s the best underwear style for different occasions?
What should I wear in an Indian summer wedding (Delhi)?
How would I make Carrie Bradshaw's tutu outfit look masculine?
What are woollen clothes used for?
Which type and material of clothes should be best suitable for Indian climatic conditions?
How are woollen clothes manufactured?
Why is it prefered that a woman wears a suit for a job interview instead of a dress?
Why do girls wear sanitary napkin?
Do we have to wear formal clothes for the enterence test for Christ University?
Does this suit combination work? What are improvements?
Can female wear men's underwear?
What kind of dresses can I wear to hide my tummy?
Where shall I get a t-shirt print of my own?
Dark brown suit with pink shirt and purple tie. Is this a good combination?
Is it good not to wear underwear under jeans?
Is Dealothon selling men’s shirts online?
What technologies do you think should be implemented in regular clothes?
Why do Japanese salarymen like to wear whirt shirt and black pants as their "uniform" to work?
What do you feel more comfortable in, a tracksuit or jeans?
Are you brand-conscious when it comes to clothing? What brands do you wear?
What are warm materials/clothes for the winter?
What are some ways you can wear a loose knit scarf?
Tights with sneakers. Do you wear just tights or socks over yours tights?
What is the dress code to follow in Mexico city?
What are some good clothes and jewelry boutiques in Friendswood, TX?
What's your go-to casual outfit for going out with friends?
Where can I get wholesale clothes at the cheapest rate in India for women?
What are the materials used for dress pants?
Why do your boobs hang low when you wear support bras?
Will wearing long-sleeves and hats make skin get lighter?
What clothing stores are best for tall, thin girls?
Where do I buy printed fabric in Vietnam for leggings?
How can I remove a security tag left on my shirt?
What do men wear that women love?
What is the good name for mens clothing wear shop?
What brand of shoes are you currently wearing?
What type of dress should you wear for the LBSNAA?
Where can I get 38 waist shorts or hot pants in Kolkata?
Can I spot a succesfull person by the way they dress?
Why do we wear cotton clothes in summer?
How do you shrink clothes in the washing machine?
What are the popular clothes websites in the U.S.?
Why do women put money inside their choli (blouse)?
What men's underwear to be worn in summers?
Why are dress codes for USBC amateur tournaments so strict, especially for youth tournaments?
Where are you looking online when you are interested in buying fair fashion apparel and accessories?
Are chinos the right outfit on a blazer and shirt? I have a purplish-blue blazer in that light blue shirt and black chinos.
How do I dress similar to “Casual Chic” from the late 90's if I'm a guy?
What colour shirt should I wear with light brown trousers?
What things should I take to consider if I buy shirts and pants?
Which of the following country is going to sell high-tech chemical protective clothing to India?
Why is everyone going to Hajj wearing white, unstitched clothes?
What age do Moorish men begin wearing a turban? Or can they continue to wear their kuli prayer cap in public?
How are synthetic clothing materials produced?
Why do some people wear clothes with the square root of the answer?
Which is the best way to make a tie and dye t-shirt?
In Pakistan, women are crazy about branded clothes. How can I make my research topic about that in economics?
What type of clothes should we carry while travelling to Srinagar, Gulmarg, and Sonmarg in the first week of May 2017?
What do you look for in women's sports bras?
Are men attracted when they see women wearing gloves and leather jackets?
What are some examples of non flammable clothing?
Is dealsothon selling womens army tshirt online?
What should a boy wear for the PIWAT?
Where do I find wholesale suppliers for kids’ clothes?
Are Kanvas by Katin board shorts good?
Where's the best place to buy a flat cap in the UK?
What is Italian clothing made of?
What items of men’s clothing can women wear?
Why do defence personnel wear neck scarf in India?
Is it rude to ask workers to wear shoe covers inside my home?
Is there an exclusively Canadian food, drink, type of clothing or hobby?
How does the VDV wear their uniforms?
How do you feel about children 9-12 wearing chokers?
What are the best mens jeans brands in Kerala?
Is it a wise decision to buy branded clothes?
Are sweatpants suitable to wear throughout the day?
Does an employer have the right to make a male employee wear women's clothing?
Why was losing shirt buttons a bigger issue than it is today?
Is it normal to walk out of a clothing store without buying anything?
How long did it take you to get used to doing buttons up the other way, after you transitioned?
Is "blazer quarter" from Myntra.com a good brand?
Why do we need to wear uniforms to school?
What if women stop wearing flaunty clothes? Will they be looked at like they are now in India?
What is your view on the strict dress code for the NEET exam?
Does wearing women’s bras make men feel like women?
Do transgender women always wear skirts and dresses?
Is there any way to make a dress puffy or flared without a petticoat? Is there a half petticoat?
Do teen girls enjoy wearing tights for comfort or for attention? Or both?
Is there any technology to see through a girl's clothes?
What are some stylish dressing ideas for abaya wearing women?
What brand is this model wearing?
What is difference between men's brief and women's panties?
Where is the best place to buy Women Shorts?
Which are the trending graphic T-shirts for men and women?
Is it okay to like Nazi uniforms? They just look so stylish especially those SS ones, very stylish.
What men’s suit brand do you most associate with high quality and style, so that you would purchase it secondhand if the price was right?
What stores sell good and affordable dress shirts for women?
What top would go well with a houndstooth ruffled pair of pants?
How should I dress if I have crooked legs?
Where can I get a Dark Knight or a Superman print t-shirt dress for women online?
How should I wear maxi dress in summer?
What men's dressing style do women hate?
Is there a situation where a guy would have to wear girl’s clothes?
Why are microfiber cloths color coded?
What are some good shoes that will not wear out quickly for people who are very active?
Can I use G-string underwear?
Can I get a denim dress in 3XL?
What tie color should you wear with a plaid shirt, and what are some examples?
Can I wear capris for NEET?
What are the pros and cons of low-rise thongs vs. waist-high thongs?
What is the dress code in DD target PMT?
Is toothbrush handles made from polyester?
Can a straight man wear an open back blouse?
Which clothes are trending this summer?
How much fabric (42 inches width) is required to make a swing dress?
If you swallowed a 100' long thin piece of cloth until it was at the end keeping the end hanging from your mouth would you be able to floss your body?
What can be done with a pile of used and torn clothes?
Why are F1 accessories more expensive than Nascar accessories?
In US high school basketball or volleyball games, boys wear loose, knee-length shorts, but girls wear tight and short shorts. Isn't this sexism?
How could I export branded clothes defected/cut to India?
Is there any mechanism behind the direction that a skirt will rotate during wearing?
What is the dress code at McKinsey in the London office?
What does a boy wear in high school that a girl considers "well dressed"?
What do celebs do at Cannes other than styling in hideous outfits?
How do I find fabric manufacturer with low minimums?
Can boys wear girls’ dresses?
Is it okay to wear a lip tint before bed?
Why does a western pop singer wear tarnished jeans, and a backwards cap whereas an Indian classical singer wears a pajama kurta, dhoti and remains very calm?
Are girls allowed to wear leggings for NEET 2017?
What clothing tops were for guys during the early 2000's?
Which shirt matches with cream colour pants?
Why do girls buy sexy bras but not panties? I've noticed this in cases of many women.
Is it illegal to wear a shirt with a torrent magnet link on it?
Which type of footwear goes with ethnic clothing?
If you already have a bad running rash on your crotch from the wrong underwear, can you just buy the cream and compression shorts and run right away?
Why do girls love to wear skinny jeans?
Can a girl wear boy's sports shoes?
Is faux leather the same as leather?
How do I wear a detailed knitwear?
Are the dresses actresses wear to the Oscars complete originals, never to be mass-produced?
In which area of Bellary do we find wholesale jeans suppliers or manufacturers?
What is the best buyer persona for person who buy sport clothing?
Why are the names of the Korean and Chinese traditional clothing similar?
Where can I find designer clothing dealers?
What can I wear with a yellow blazer?
What colour t-shirt should you wear with a suit?
Europeans: Do you feel that it's disrespectful for non-Europeans to wear traditional European garb?
Where can I get a t-shirt framed in Bangalore?
Is a t-shirt allowed or not this year in the NEET?
What makes expensive clothes look so expensive and cool?
Are you looking for wholesale dresses at an affordable cost?
Can I wear a tuxedo with a skinny tie?
Why does girls wear plastic bra?
Where should I buy cloths for my cousin's marriage in Mumbai?
What type of apron does a junior resident wear in Lady Hardinge Delhi?
What should be considered while buying a blazer?
What do girls wear to bed? Is there a certain way they lay down?
How many cm is a 44" shirt from armpit to armpit?
Why do most metalheads dress inappropriately?
What is the purpose of buttons on coat sleeves?
What can I wear when I go to my tuition classes, casual or something more formal?
Can someone help me with finding my bra size? My bust size is 36 inches and the under bust size is 28 inches. So what's my bra size in India?
Where can I buy WWE t-shirts in Mumbai?
What should you wear to a cookout?
Which are the best sites to buy affordable luxury clothes in India?
Would it be bad if I advice my friend (dark skinned girl) not to wear yellow dress, as people laughs on her back and I don't want it to happen?
If I’m looking to have a silver (ag) mesh piece fabricated for an invention, who would I contact, a machinist, a jeweler, or someone who deals in fabrics?
What are the best shirt brands in India? Why?
What do I wear for a day out during spring?
Which colour shirt suits black jeans?
Should I let my girlfriend wear a top that reveals her nipples?
What high-end fashion house is good at making handbags? What about clothing pieces, footwear, and fragrances?
What is a Jacketing column?
What are the different glow in the dark fabric types used by luxury clothing brands?
Can I print my band’s name on a t-shirt and sell it?
How can I dress more maturely, as a woman with a thick body type?
How can I style my maxi dresses?
Can breast change be different if I don't wear a bra while pregnant?
Can I wear a dark blue t- shirt with black and white shoes? What pants should I wear?
What type of dress/saree should I wear for my elder brother's marriage?
Why do Indian women wear nose studs?
What products can I re-sell, other than clothing?
Where can I get an actual custom armored superhero suit?
How likely are you going to wear a T-Shirt on Biharis?
What do people think good programmers dress like?
How do gap 1969 jeans fit?
What are some things to understand before buying lace underwear?
What are the brands to buy shirts for girls?
What are some good clothing inspection companies in China?
Is torn jeans an evergreen fashion?
Why are white socks frowned in the office?
Where can I find plus size Indian clothes?
Feminists defend women for dressing scantily in public, so why were they furious with me for wearing a T-shirt featuring scantily-clothed women on it?
Can I wear Mandarin (Chinese) collar shirts to work? If yes, what shoes and pants should I wear with them?
What percentage of the world wears weaves?
If a girl is an extra large in kid’s clothing, what size is she in women’s?
What is a hoodie?
Where can I find dance apparel like track pants and tank tops at a wholesale rate?
Which kind of fit for a formal shirt should a man with a potbelly wear? Regular?
What type of clothes should guys with big chest wear?
How do you keep off of the shoulder shirts off of the shoulders? Mine always pop up.
What are some examples of elegant comforter sets?
How can the history of pants be described?
Is it compulsory to wear brown shoes when you wear a brown belt? I always get confused with which colour belt and shoes that I should wear?
How many outfits can you make with 5 shirts and 3 pants?
Why are even jeans considered wrong in some parts of India when leggings wearing girl look and feel more glamorous to me?
How do you get rid of Indian cooking smells from clothes?
Where can I buy funny Counter Strike T-shirts?
What is the Pakistani style of women's dressing?
Will R15 suit for thin and tall guys?
What are some good qualities of women’s jackets?
Why do school uniforms consists of shorts and not trousers?
How can you clean a wool cowboy hat without washing it?
How can I dress like a 16 year old boy?
How would I dress in the early to mid 90's fashion?
What do you wear to a tech developer conference (business casual or street clothes)?
What things should I take care of while purchasing cloth for suit and getting it tailored?
What are some examples of Indian trendy names in Hindi for my new boutique?
How can I make my fabric softer?
What's the name of Leonardo's dress code in Titanic?
It is said by someone that if IITs didn’t have a dress code that students would come even in tracks and shorts. Is it true?
What are some of the best boots to wear with skinny jeans?
Can you wear short dress during your periods?
What are the perks of using heather fabric?
Which is the best segment to enter in garments / apparels in India?
What is your strangest story involving clothes?
Why do women wear gold?
What are some cute outfits for school dances?
How do I match the color of a turban with clothes?
What should I wear in Stockholm in mid-May?
What is a polyester velvet fabric used for?
Where can I get women's used pantyhose? I have a fetish and can't find anyone to give me any.
What is the dress code in GITAM University?
What underwear do women like on men?
Do push-up and strapless bras really work, or are they like any other fancy pieces of women’s clothing?
Does cotton have more water holding than wool?
What's the reasoning behind vegetarians not going entirely vegan? Also, do they wear clothes & buy products made of animal skin/fur?
What color shoes can I wear with a dark-gray shirt?
Where do you go to shop for clothes for your family?
How do I get a wholesale license for clothing in India?
Why does my brother have a problem with me wearing knickers and sleeveless tops at home?
Where can I buy wholesale Asian designer clothing?
What are the perks of wearing cargo shorts?
What pants should I wear with a pink shirt?
What would be considered traditional clothing in Germany?
What color tie matches with a parrot green shirt and black pants?
Where can I get neon graphic t-shirts online?
What dress would be good to wear for a college group photo in India?
How do panties and thongs differ?
What should I do, as the shopkeeper will not exchange my loose bra and is demanding that I show him the bra being worn before he will exchange it?
Are all ages ok to wear white briefs?
Will a black t-shirt with black cotton straight fit pants look good?
My friend only wears long sleeves and pants. At the pool she either bails on me or wears a wetsuit. She gets very defensive when I ask about it. Why?
What wears clothes out, i.e. gets them threadbare, the wearing or the washing?
How do I stop my cloths from getting a bad odor?
I'm going to a Kyogen play. Do I have to wear something very formal?
What would look good with brown leggings that have a Galaxy print with blue, white brown and orange accents?
What does the future of professional women's attire look like?
What are some ways to remove blueberry stains from clothing?
What should I wear to the office in Denmark?
In which schools do students wear sarees?
Is it legal to re-sell vintage clothing on your website?
Do you design clothes? If so, which ones do you find the hardest to design and do you prefer piecing or top down technique?
Besides dressing well, would I be ridiculed if I were to wear a top hat and "formal attire" every Tuesday to my high school?
Is it ok to stop wearing a hijab after you decided to wear it?
Should pantyhose make a big comeback? I love wearing them and wish others did too.
How can I start dressing the way I want?
He can I not show my nipples while not wearing a bra?
Which material is used to make eco-friendly carry bags that look like cloth?
What should a 52 year old wear?
Is a beaver fur jacket valuable? I found one at Goodwill for $6.96.
Is there any engineering college that has a dress code?
Do the soldiers posted to Siachen get to take home the expensive clothes that the Army issues to them, during their tenure? Can they be reused by them?
What should I wear during the ice trekking as I have a bad vision?
How can I make sure no one notices I'm wearing a thong?
What color pants go with navy blue shoes?
Is there any slight chance of pregnancy during outercourse? Both are fully clothed so there was never a penetration or ejaculation at all.
Why do my parents say that I can not wear dark pink or red dress? Why do they get so angry when I wear those?
What is the market size for women's wear contemporary apparel?
What is the best bra for running?
What color is suitable with a pink colored blouse?
What is a good travel blazer?
How would you react to a guy wearing Quora t-shirt in Chandigarh?
Which online sites are good and reliable for shopping ethnic Indian wears?
Can I wear a sea blue shirt with cream khaki trousers?
Is there any mobile app to remove clothes?
Why do cyclists wear those awful lycra suits? Given they have so many logos on them I can only assume they get paid for wearing them?
What is SCARF?
What should I do if I don't like my prom dress anymore?
How can I get rid of the cooking smells in my clothes?
What colour get well in purple?
Are the members of Terrace House sponsored by clothing brands while on the show?
How can kids dress punk in school with restrictions?
Where can I find a 42A push-up bra?
The onesie at one point, very popular, created some unusual looks. Do you have any favourites, and least favourite onesies?
How much profit does a T-shirt business make in a year?
What are some cloth types you can roll like socks and that are open ended on both sides?
Can I wear a floral print skater dress for a farewell party at college?
Where can I make custom t-shirts cheaply and with no minimum necessary?
How do you wash a thermal sweater?
What is polyurethane used in clothing?
Where can I get First Copy clothes in Ludhiana?
Is there a website like teespring but for non clothing items?
Do you think the quality of food, clothing, and other manufactured products (their longevity, life and sturdiness) has become a thing of the past?
What are some unusual bra sizes?
Are Armani jeans overpriced?
What type of clothing do 19 year old women wear in Austria? I will be studying abroad in Salzburg this summer.
Does any girl wear the same bra repeatedly for days without washing?
How can I shorten the heel of a shoe? I really like these shoes, but the heel is too high for me to wear them.
Which brand undies do you wear?
What are some popular clothing stores/brands that Italian men shop at?
Is stocklot garments are best for small shops?
Have your clothes ever came out neatly folded straight out of the drier?
What was the heaviest make-up you have ever worn and on what occasion?
Why doesn't anyone wear True Religion jeans anymore?
Where can I buy clothes in Tirupati at cheap rates?
What female clothes shall I wear?
How many chinchilla pelts does it take to make a jacket?
Where can I find a down feather jacket in Dehradun?
What are some of the Indian origin T-shirt brands to watch out for?
How tight a choke should be to make myself unconscious using neck-tie?
What is traditional American garb?
What are some online men's clothing stores in US?
Do girls used to wear sleeveless banyan and transparent saree?
Does it look weird to wear wireless Bluetooth (without the cord) after school?
Does it make ladies angry when they wear a short skirt and catch guys trying to get a look up at their panties?
Which color bra are you currently wearing?
Why do South Indian girls wear a bindi?
What is the best soap or washing powder for clothes in India?
What clothes do women need?
What should the punishment be for pupils not following the dress code?
How can I get a cs50 t-shirt after finishing the course?
What is the easiest way to remove Super Glue from your clothes?
Is it a good idea to bring export-quality garments directly from Bangladeshi factories and sell them to wholesellers in India at reasonable prices?
Is it ok for me to wear lingerie and a bra under my normal clothes in public? (I am a man.)
Is wearing the hijab in a rural town in Poland considered safe?
Where can I find good running shorts for men online?
Has anyone ever tried Lila Kass clothing? I am looking for the best size to order.
If I am falling from an airplane, can using my t-shirt as a possible parachute potentially save me?
How can I make a boned bodice?
How do I design a modern masquerade dress?
Why do womens' one-piece bathing suits contain built-in bras?
Are school dress codes unfair?
How can I style my pencil skirt?
How do I pin saree pleats neatly?
What are some good wardrobe accessories?
Are solar jackets useful/worth buying?
Where do I sell t-shirts in Mumbai?
What are some clothing brands similar to "Violent Gentleman"?
Do any men nowadays wear trouser braces/suspenders unironically?
Which color shirt, tie and shoes would go well with a navy blue suit?
How much are Kookai skirts?
Why do we need to wear underwear?
Where can I get an “Aao kabhi haveli pe” graphic t-shirt?
Which place in Tiruppur is the best for purchasing good quality T-shirts (polo, round, V-neck) with reasonable prices? I’m planning to purchase 500 pieces.
What type of shoes do cricketers wear?
Where can I find Australian manufacturers of plus size fashion women clothing?
How can I pair my suspenders with my outfit?
Is it OK for a 14 year old boy to wear short-shorts to school?
If we began commonly wearing clothing made entirely of carbon nanotubes, what would the clothing feel like? Would CTN clothing be comfortable?
What is evening wear?
Which is the best formal dress color in men?
What clothes brand has a crown with lines under it?
Is it a stupid idea to buy designer clothes if I'm getting them at 5 to 20% off msrp at age 20?
Which fitness clothing brand do you prefer (India) and why?
What is the most expensive piece of clothing you've ever bought?
Is it ok for men to wear leggings in public?
What colour shirt should I gift my husband to wear with his brown suit?
What are the benefits of wearing uniform at work?
How can I wisely sort through my storage closets and systems to get rid of excess clothing?
Where can I find official Garfield apparel in India?
Which place is famous for manufacturing kids’ wear?
What are the shirts I should wear with AV grey pants to look formal?
How can one buy clothes in bulk in China from South Africa?
Do I have to wear a long-sleeved shirt, tucked in, for a personal interview at Christ University?
If you throw stones at sewage, it's your dress that will get spoiled. What is the equivalent idiom in English?
What kind of footwear does Maria Clara (in Noli Me) wear?
Which dress is suitable for someone 6′8″, 60 kg, and with white skin tone?
What should I be wearing to an operations intern interview?
Where can I find sublimation printing for t-shirts?
How much are the shipping charges from India to the USA for wholesale clothing?
Does wearing a tight tank top help in achieving a good upper body?
What are the characteristics of the clothing during Shakespeare's time?
What are the best underwear games for bachelorettes?
Why are comparisons being made between the Swedish singer Robin Bengtsson and the clothing store Dressmann?
What makes fabric softeners acidic?
What are male rompers?
Where do you usually shop for clothes?
Why do business owners often make their employees wear ugly uniforms they would never wear themselves?
What goes well with kale?
How did guys wear workout gear back in the year 1990?
Which colour t-shirt should I wear with my black salwar?
What's the best thing to wear for a casual party?
Where do we get pure linen fabric in India?
What are the best dyes to use for a tie dye shirt?
What makes socks so expensive? How can someone justify charging $18 for one pair?
As a man, how long can you restrain yourself to buy new clothes?
Where is some good-quality lingerie available in Indore?
Can I upload my T-shirt design on multiple platforms, or do I have to choose only one?
What type of shoes should I wear with classic shorts?
Why do people wear white clothes on funerals?
Which type of shoes is used more often?
How do you dress dead people?
Why is public sex lawfully wrong if wearing revealing clothes isn't?
How are fishnet vests manufactured?
Where do all of the garments go if they are not sold?
What colour blazer, shirt, and tie should match a golden cream and red coloured lehenga (ghagara)?
Has the SunFrog T-shirt platform been closed?
Would you wear jeans that identify you as BDSM, submissive, dominant, or owned?
What size knickers should I be buying for a UK 36/38 waist? What is the best women's thong that holds male parts in place nicely?
Which shopping streets do you suggest for a wholesale purchase of Indian ethnic wears in Mumbai and Pune?
Why do ancient Egyptian statues always have their clothes on but Roman statues mostly don’t have clothes on?
Do you wear your beliefs on your chest or hide them in your pocket and why?
Are we allowed to wear shoes to all the Indian scholarship entrance exams?
What are the traditional clothing in South Africa?
Why do boys react very differently when girls put money in their sarees’ blouse (choli)?
What shoes does Stephen Gostkowski wear?
Which colour loafers will go with blue chinos?
Why is market strategy important in branded apparel?
Is it acceptable for a woman to wear wellies to work?
Have you ever seen any examples of extremely useless clothes?
How can I export Indian sarees to the USA?
What's the best place for buying groom dress in Mumbai?
For a man who has muscular thighs and legs, are slim-fitting jeans harmful to the man’s package?
What are good prom after-party outfits?
Can you get away with wearing a leather biker’s jacket when you’re over 40?
What are your favorite suit brands?
Where does leather come from?
Who would dare to wear bare-butt jeans?
Why have jeans always been in blue or black colors for a very long time, and not in yellow, green, or orange colors? I love them.
For those who dress to the nines and only wear name brand clothing, how has it improved your life? Do you find life easier as people respect money?
What should I know before starting apparel photography?
What is the dress code at Futures First? Are formal clothes compulsory?
Does YG,etc Entertainments allow idols to wear clothes of their own wish for MVs or are they given a range to choose from; basically, how is it done?
How much do you usually spend on school clothes?
Can a man wear pink and still manage to look masculine?
Are jeans those that are double-shaded or plain-colored such as white? What else are called jeans?
Which type of bra do girls prefer the most and why?
How do you bleach denim jeans to turn them white?
How do I know that a dress code is genuine?
What are good brands for men's shorts?
Is it okay for men to wear Dr. Martens 1914 boots with skinny jeans? I love the look of the mid-calf boots, but I am worried what others might think.
Is it necessary to wear a dupatta at work in Pakistan?
Why is it that most tech billionaires wear t-shirts and dress very simple all the time?
Where can I buy some boxer briefs that come with piece of fabric on the inside, like women's underwear would? I'm a trans boy without surgery.
What are the best pants for a woman to wear during the summer at a factory that doesn't allow shorts?
Is it ok to wear sweat pants or pantaloons while playing volleyball?
What type of dresses should we wear to attend interviews?
What are Members Only jackets made of?
Why are sleeveless dresses frowned upon in Indonesia? Indonesian women used to wear tube top dresses.
What is the dress code for an interview at Oberoi Hotels & Resorts?
Is Windshark fabric good?
Which types of clothes are better to wear in the summer?
Is it acceptable to wear a toga to work?
Why do Indonesian people like to go to the beach with a jacket and jeans?
What color of print best compliment on a color gray shirt?
Why am I not able to control my cross-dressing habit?
What is the sexiest dress that an Indian girl can wear?
Can people tell the difference between expensive and cheap clothing?
How can I hide cuts? Cant wear bracelets or sleeves in PE and have to wear gym knickers (V.short shorts) and can't get coconut oil/makeup? DESPERATE!
Which type of underwear is best worn at the gym?
How do apparel brands communicate in China?
Which fabrics are used for different types of garments?
How close are we to having halo style space suits?
How will startups in India affect the Indian apparel industry?
How do I choose a business casual?
What causes yellow stains on clothes and how can the same be prevented from occurring in the first place?
What should I wear blue shorts with?
How do you control yourself when an attractive woman wearing a short skirt is sitting in front of you?
Will girls like my small chest when I take off my shirt this summer?
If I wear multiple pairs of underwear, will being kicked in the nuts hurt?
Is a cowl neck the same as a hoodie (men’s)? Does it have a hood?
Can anybody identify the shirt that Norway's singer was wearing in Eurovision 2017?
How can I send a sari (Indian clothing) to my friend in Iran?
Where can I buy local second-hand Japanese t-shirts?
What is the average salary for a student who has done a BSc in Fashion and Apparel Design?
How and where do I get a Supreme box logo hoodie?
Which is the best software application to learn if I want to convert my designs drawn on paper to an image file so that it can be printed on t-shirt?
Can I get samples made for a clothing line in Orlando?
Why does Mark Zuckerberg dress very simply while he's a billionaire?
What colour shirt will suit cream-coloured pants?
Where can I find Western women’s top wholesalers?
How should I wear frills?
Are denim dresses suitable for formal occasions?
Where caning/paddling is allowed, should it be on the trousers, underwear, PE uniform or bare?
Where can I buy Kids, Adults, & Legends meme T-shirts?
What are High Street fashion brands?
Where can I get water-based ink for hand-painting a t-shirt?
Is wearing ring-neck or collared shirts allowed in JEE Advanced?
Can I wear a mini dress with Converse sneakers? Is that fashionable?
What is the difference between anarkali suits and salwar?
How can I remove dried latex paint from clothing?
Does Bealls Outlet allow women to try on bras?
Who are suppliers and designers of trendy plus-size clothing in Australia?
Do you recommend a Bosch clothes washer?
Which styles/brands of clothes are recommended for a 30 year old male who wants to purchase multiple items of a particular outfit for work and casual wear?
Do ROTC students wear uniforms?
How can a girl dress up for a beach party?
What should I wear my crop tops with?
Do Under Armour long sleeve compression shirts have any baseball related benefits?
Why are the Arsenal players wearing tight jerseys?
What should I wear for a college function?
How do I find private label clothing manufacturers in Bangladesh?
Where can I get football shirts manufactured?
Where can I buy 50 inch (120cm) waist-size shorts and a 54–58 inch casual shirt in India?
What is your favorite Supreme or BAPE collaboration?
What are some creative ideas to make a traditional Native American dress?
Which blazer should I wear with a violet shirt?
Where can I buy printed T-shirts featuring Baby Groot?
What are some good domain names for a T-shirt business?
Can I wear 3/4th sleeves for the NEET exam?
What are the criteria for good fabric stitching? How do I know the stitches are good?
What colour tie should I wear with a green shirt?
Why are Pompey football shirts so expensive?
Where do guys like Brett Baier get their suits and ties?
What is the black and gold thobe called, i.e. the thobe that the 5 royals are wearing?
Can guys’ jeans be too tight?
Is it too late to buy Quilliam's "#Solidarity" T-shirt? Is it still available?
Are white cotton clothes colored with white dye, or are they naturally white?
Who wears socks over their tights when they wear boots?
Why are we required to wear something when we go in public?
Does Tucker Carlson wear a toupee/head piece?
Should you trademark your brand before selling apparel on ecommerce?
What are equestrian riding jackets?
Who provoked Gandhi Ji to give up his Western clothing?
What are the setbacks of a penny loafer?
Where​ should I get flicker hoods t-shirts for reselling in Andhra Pradesh?
How can I look stylish in formal wear?
Is there a dress code at R.C. Patil?
What jacket was Casey Affleck wearing in Manchester by the Sea?
Which colour shirt or T-shirt should I wear with light green cotton full pants?
How do some people who have the same clothes as us wear them better than us?
Do guys like it when a girl wears their hoodie?
What is your opinion of dogs wearing clothes? Remember, this is only a question, any (POSITIVE) or constructive feedback will be most welcomed.
Where can I get great deals on t-shirts?
What are the products of bewakoof.com like - especially the T-shirts and mobile covers?
What narrow-minded company has made burkini as a body-tight suit is wrong for Muslims, and why do we wear it?
What colours can I pair with purple tops?
What are the best and most reasonable clothing stores for women and kids in Budapest and Prague?
How much can one earn selling T-shirts online in India?
Will the world ever see a generation living naked, like primitive man?
If you are a teacher, can you post a picture of the clothes you wear to school?
How can I determine a girl's bra size without her knowledge?
What is the dress code for an orchestra in Vienna?
How can we buy clothes in single pieces from the Tank Road Karol Bagh Market? Most of the sellers refuse to sell single pieces and only deal in wholesale?
Isn't forcing women in Western countries who wear hijabs to unveil like forcing girls who don't wear it to wear it?
With black pants and white shirt, which tie color should I wear so that I don't look like a waiter? It's for a college interview.
Do people still buy fur coats?
Where can I buy women's formal pants in Chennai?
Do you think people will ever stop saying that certain clothing is made for males and other clothing for females?
How do you remove lint balls from your clothes?
What are the best gloves for winter?
What fashion trends do you personally feel will be popular amongst online buyers this summer? What brands, styles, and fads do you think will sell in summer 2017?
Do girls wear anklets to turn attention to their legs?
How do you put together cute outfits?
In your opinion, what kind of fabric is the most comfortable to wear on the body?
What is the dress code for women in Steirereck restaurant in Vienna?
How can I dress well as a woman?
Being a skinny guy, what should I wear on a date at the end of April?
Can syrup be considered a dressing?
A turban of which color would go well with a blue t-shirt and green chinos?
Can straight men wear women's clothing and stockings out?
Where can I get Pull & Bear shirts from Bangalore?
What is a typical everyday outfit/clothing for women in India?
Why do t-shirts and other clothes always have the XL and S sizes left over?
Does doing fashion design include the sewing of clothes?
What is it when someone wants to look like you: copy your makeup, perfume, car and style of dressing?
Is there a good reason why President Trump wears his ties so long?
How do I wear a knit V-neck jumper?
Can girls wear boy’s t-shirts?
When you put your shoes on, do you put both socks on first and then your shoes, or do you put one sock on and then shoe, followed by the other sock and shoe?
Do rich people save or buy from cheap stores i.e. local markets, regular clothing brands, etc.?
Would navy blue jeans go well with a cream turban and a peach t-shirt?
What should I wear with a floral mini skirt?
Where do I sell bulk used clothes in India?
Does anyone besides me think it's wrong for little girls under the age of 10 years old to wear sexy panties even though they actually sell them at Walmart?
Where can I buy a good linen shirt in the US?
Do girls change dresses like men do in their hostel, and are their breasts and bras visible to their roommates?
Why do some guys wear double wear (double briefs) during workouts?
Do socks prevent hookworms?
How many of you women leave a few buttons open on their dress shirts?
What is something you personally think people shouldn't wear in public?
Is it acceptable to wear shorty shorts to school?
What is the best dressing style for girls with short height?
What should a young woman wear to a scholarship interview?
Where do big companies buy custom shirts in Bay area?
Is it ok for a guy to wear polos tucked into jeans?
Why do women always have to look well dressed in India?
Where is the factory for the production of graduating clothing for schools?
Is there a supplier of custom long-sleeved men's security uniforms in Germany?
Why do some people say that they don't like the feeling of humidity despite not wearing as many layers of clothing?
What do I need to know to design t-shirts for my brand?
Do you agree that there should be a dress code to prevent cheating on exams?
What are some party dresses?
Where can I find a cloth-lined envelope tutorial?
What are the best ways to dye nylon fabric?
How common is it for the dress shoes of southern men to be woven or have woven elements?
What are the best places outside India to get cheap T-shirts at lowest prices?
What should be the name of the new brand of undergarments for men and women?
What is the most profitable way to sell t-shirts?
What is well made and attractive lightweight men's outer jacket suitable for summers in NYC?
How do you remove creases in jeans?
With which arm/leg do you begin when you put on clothes?
What should one wear to an Indian Catholic wedding as a guest?
Why do women and girls like to wear sleeveless dresses?
How do I get branded products cheap?
Can a T-shirt’s length be altered?
What is the reason that ministers wear clerical collars?
What brand are these trousers?
How do painters dress, and what are some examples?
What body hugging piece do squash players wear beneath their shorts?
Which colour shirt should I be wearing with these green coloured pants?
What are the best ways to size compression shorts?
Where can I buy T-shirts in India?
Which are the best wardrobe furniture companies in Pune?
How do you wear your favourite jumper?
Should a female manager wear a headscarve at a conference?
What should a man wear for his brother’s wedding in the summer?
If a t-shirt and jeans cover the body more than a sari does, then why are Indians mostly against girls wearing t-shirts and jeans?
Why is it that, as a girl, spreading my legs when I sit down, while I’m wearing pants, makes me a slut?
Is Akihabara a good place to buy T-shirts?
Can stylish teens wear blazers casually (in high school)?
Why don’t women agree to the fact that wearing a miniskirt is purely to show off and to grab attention?
Who are the best branded clothes suppliers in India?
What is the best way to find a scarf supplier in Italy?
How should I wash maxi dresses?
Should I wear formals to my daily job at a cool startup?
Why do boys wear shorts in Winter?
Must I wear a welding mask as a short order cook or just a hair net?
Where can I find the best urban wholesale apparel blanks?
Why are pornstars age 40 and up always wearing pantyhose in their scenes and photo shoots?
Why is wearing thin clothing better than wearing thick clothing to maintain your body temperature?
How do compression shorts differ from boxer briefs?
Is salwar kameez formal dress for men?
What positive role can one's attire, style and dressing play in their work?
Is it weird for a young man to wear women's shoes?
Do women notice what men wear?
From where Kohli gets his clothes?
Are there any stores that sell clothes that have the American Eagle style, but that are cheaper?
Where can I buy the shirts that Power Kalyan wore in the Katamarayadu movie?
How can a starting clothing brand get money to buy stock quickly?
What is the appeal of wearing your boyfriend’s hoodie?
What are the points on the top corners of a suit jacket called?
What matter does cloth acquire?
Why did women stop wearing frocks and skirts for a more feminine look, instead of jeans?
Do girls prefer to swim in a swimsuit or in a bikini?
What are cheap places to buy stylish clothes in Delhi?
What type of lingerie should I wear? I love my legs and chest.
Where can I buy a men’s blank organic Pima cotton T-shirt online?
How can I find out who the garment agents are in the USA?
Can you wear Northface jackets during spring and summer?
Is it right for Indian women to wear short and revealing clothes and stay out till late at night?
What was the hardest piece of clothing that you had to remove from your patient in order to examine them?
Is there a specific dress code or something like that, for the IIIT-HYD CLD course interview?
What is the fascination behind women's hats?
What does “sock sock shoe shoe” say about your personality?
Would you still wear clothes if you were alone on the planet?
Where can I find a cloth factory/wholesale shop in Vietnam?
How can I dress office smart and keep some personality in my wardrobe?
How can I peep through girls’ panties?
How do you iron black pants so they don't have shiny marks?
What type of dress does a new Indian bride prefer to wear on her honeymoon, an Indian, Western, or intimate one?
What can we learn about a person from the clothes that they wear?
Where can I buy girls’ jeans at the best prices?
If I were to accelerate from 0 to 1000mph in an instant, would my clothes be obliterated?
Is anybody available to have an intellectual discussion about apparels or the fashion industry?
Can straight men wear women's heels or pumps?
What is the best Waterfowl jacket?
What are some good exhibitions for women’s clothing in Delhi?
How do I promote my wholesale jeans business?
Are coloured jeans going out of fashion?
Which brands of diapers are best worn unobtrusively under work trousers?
What unique characteristic has clothes on the market?
How do I control my sexual feelings when I see girls wearing revealing clothes?
What is the reason for a black dress code on the day of a graduation ceremony?
Why do most females like to wear skimpy and short clothes? Why don’t men like to wear similar clothes?
My dream dress is a peacock inspired Indian anarkali. Which types of colour should I combine to have the look?
What shirt, tie and trousers should I wear with a lavender blazer?
How tall are you, and what size are you in F21 dresses?
How would you target people interested in buying lady's apparel with Facebook ads for LuLaRoe or a similar brand?
How do I stop staring at girls' legs in the library if they wear very short pants and sit next to me (hot summer)?
Why don't publishing industry professionals wear neckties?
Can I wear black shoes with brown soles for consulting interviews?
Where can you get a plus-size bikini for summer in the UK?
What is a t-shirt bra?
What colour lipstick would go best with a turquoise-green dress?
Where can I get a corporate attire?
Do Han Chinese people think they need to popularise a traditional clothing style?
Why do some fashion shows have really weird clothes?
What are the best women's running shorts?
Can I wear a grey suit to prom if my date is wearing a tan dress?
Is it okay for a guy to wear short shorts?
Can you be sued for wearing a T-shirt in front of a camera?
What do transgender people wear when they go swimming?
What do you do when your neighbor sees you in pantyhose and sweatpants and converse? How do you make up for that?
How can I get paint stains out of cotton shorts?
What trousers look best with royal blue suit?
Why did Saudi Arabian women wear their cloth like 'Ninja'?
Are dirty clothes harmful to humans? Give proven results.
What are the benefits of using a boned bodice?
What tie would go best with a dark blue shirt and cream pants? Also what shoes would be best? It's for a luncheon.
Which sleeve do you put on first when putting on a shirt?
When is the best time time to buy branded shirts?
Is there any unsinkable swim wear?
Where can I get the best options for Army mom t-shirts at the best price?
Can you get pregnant from outercourse if both people are fully clothed and there’s no ejaculation or penetration?
What will happen if I iron and wash dress pants that are not supposed to be ironed or washed?
How hygienic is it to wear a bodysuit since there is no room for underwear?
Is Vistaprint the best away to go for ordering customized business T-shirts, or is there any other local or online option?
What should I wear on my freshers day in hostel?
Should I be extreme in my clothing of choice prices?
How do I select product designs for a fashion apparel store?
Which is good clothing brand?
Is Xclusiveoffer selling women’s army T-shirts online?
How do strapless bras work?
Can a guy wear one-piece bathers?
What are the characteristics of Celanese fabric?
What color shirt goes with green pants?
Is there any dress code for student at JIPMER?
Is it okay to wear underwear while in a spa?
What kind of jeans are the most fashionable in this season?
Why do all the major active wear brands offer clothes for people who are fit enough and not for people who actually need it to attend gyms?
What are the health risks of wearing corsets everyday?
What are the names of the best jeans?
What is a casual business attire?
Where do I find clothing that is modern and innovative?
How do I pair my ties with my shirts?
Where can I get a tee-shirt customised in India (online)?
What is the dress code for woman as per Vedas and Upanishads?
Is it a turn-on when a women don't wear underwear, and if so, why?
Why would people purposefully wear out or sell denim jean products and call this fashion?
When buying a new pair of socks, there is a thin piece of paper placed in one of the socks. What is the purpose of this paper?
What is the dress code of a Indian Navy's Tradesman mate (Civilian)?
How do I make a marketing plan for a clothes company that produces 1000 pieces of the same product every day?
Where can I customize a hoodie of any color and an image to insert on it online, in India?
Should I manufacture cotton pants or sweatshirts?
Are flying machine jeans good?
What is the feeling women get when they open their bra hook or clasp?
Which is the best wholesale clothing supplier in Australia?
How do Iranians dress in their homes vs the streets?
How can I style gingham pattern clothing?
If India is to have an official dress code of its own (traditional), what will it be?
What is the most efficient way to sell used clothing on eBay?
What's the dress code for Sathyabama University?
How do Bollywood actresses wear new dresses daily?
Do you believe in “try before you buy” with respect to clothes?
Why do PacSun jeans smell weird?
Are people interested in renting designer clothes for their growing boys so they don't need to spend too much only to have their sons outgrow them?
What's all the issue about dress code of Christ university?
Were the colors plum, chocolate, and navy on the t shirts and spaghetti strap tops back in the late 90's?
Where can I buy leather hide in Chennai?
What shirt, shoes and pants should I wear with a lavender (light purple) blazer?
What is the best way to remove ink from your leather jacket?
Where can I find freelance Tech Pack designers for kids clothing in India?
Can I wear a full sleeve blue top and black jeans with a red belt and denim shoes for the BITSAT 2017 exam?
What color and type of shoes go well with black, ripped jeans?
Is there any platform online to connect with buyers and sellers of exported surplus ladies’ garments in Delhi, India?
Which degree should I pursue if I want to run my dad's clothing business in the future?
What are the best places to buy children's clothing in Paris?
What colour blouse goes with a coffee brown saree with golden borders?
What if you had these magical glasses that let you see through people's clothes?
What are some of the best cheap clothing websites for teenagers?
What color shoes and shirt can I wear with blue pants?
Why do some people think that if a person wears any clothes from the Being Human brand, then he/she is a huge Salman Khan fan?
Can I request for a particular size of shirt on Amazon if that size is not available currently?
How can I quickly find a garment buyer in Mississauga?
How can I tell if my pants are too long?
Why is a black cloth tied on the right arm?
What markets in India are there with high quality garments but at very cheap prices?
Why is the 2- or 3-piece suit still the standard choice for a male formal attire?
Do females wear T-shirts underneath a buttoned shirt?
Is it wrong for a man to want to wear women's clothing 24/7?
How safe are buttons on baby and toddler clothes?
How do you write a good clothing brand description?
What are the best clothing store layouts to reduce theft while maximizing sales space?
What is the NEET dress code for girls?
Do you get holes in the toes of your tights or pantyhose? How can you prevent getting holes in the toes of tights or pantyhose?
How can I dress well as an 18 year old male?
Can a lady wear heavy silk sarees like Banarsi or Kanjivaram all the time, even at home, as shown in TV series? What will happen to her expensive sarees?
How can I approach investors for funding for a clothing business?
Why are women wearing revealing maternity clothes?
What are some of your favorite places for finding modest dresses and skirts?
Where can I buy basic plain color tops for women online in India?
Where can I buy a long women’s summer rapron in India?
How can I style harem pants?
Where can I find high quality ladies sports dresses?
Is it really necessary to wear a jockstrap or a supporter during gym activities?
Do Muslim girls like to wear sarees?
How would I tell my family that I like to wear women's clothing?
What do we call cloth made of silk?
What can be a good alternative to t-shirts for a casual summer outfit?
What would be the active voice of "all the clothes have been ironed"?
What kind of clothes should a student of 157cms wear?
What kind of knitted garments are you interested in wearing?
How hard is it to sell a new clothing brand profitably without being or using larger than life celebrities?
Where can we purchase items like sewing machines, etc., for a garment boutique at cheaper prices?
What color socks go with pink shoes?
Are drop crotch joggers comfortable to wear?
Is it mean/rude to remove someone’s clothes from a dryer(s) when they were left way passed the time it takes to dry them?
Why do so many female newscasters dress like bimbos?
Who are some clothing wholesalers in Mumbai?
If there is a dress code, then what is the dress code for girls?
Is a tan suit appropriate for a wedding?
What is best to wear at an engagement ceremony?
Is it offensive for Indians to wear their Swastika in the west?
What is your opinion on sagging pants?
If you usually roll up your sleeves, should you roll or fold back a shirt with those cuts on the side?
What is the best way to remove barbecue smoke smell from clothes and house?
Why don't men wear yellow colored underwear or Frenchie?
Does your dressing sense matter in an interview?
What can I do if my mom caught me while wearing women lingerie?
What are all of the ways and traditions of wearing the saree (with images)?
What do modal fabric clothing consist of?
I'm on diet, now my clothes feel looser but why do I still looking the same?
Where can I buy quirky and funny graphic T-shirts?
What would happen if synthetic cloth was dipped in vinegar and then buried in soil for 20 days?
Is it wrong to wear cut sleeve banyan?
Why it is acceptable for men to be in public with their upper bodies undressed, but not women? What would happen if a woman tried?
What are the best cute summer outfits for women?
Where do I find batik or tie-dye colors in Mumbai?
What are trendy dress combinations for casual wear?
Where can I get Thor T-shirts for kids?
How do you adjust your pants at the hip?
Why do we girls need to wear a bra under our blouses?
Should I sell my supreme hoodie?
What is the hat called that Ronnie Van Zant had?
Why do people quote the Bible to prove homosexuality is a sin, but then eat shellfish and have no issue with women having short hair or wearing pants?
When did torn jeans started becoming a fashion?
If you are a straight guy, do you ever get turned on when you put on new underwear? Why?
How do I convince some one to buy a suit?
What should I wear in my brother’s wedding in summer (42° C)?
Is it weird that I wear a pendant?
Is there any dress code in COEP Pune?
Can straight men wear women's butt lifting short shorts?
How do you create common clothes using cloths or pelts?
Is readymade garment making profitable in India?
Who is using concrete cloth for tiny homes?
Can I patent a shirt design off CustomInk?
Can body armor be used as an alternative to a riding jacket?
How should the business for a readymade garment shop be run (sourcing, pricing, reselling)?
I am doing a social experiment for school. Which pant leg do you put on first when you get dressed and which is your dominant hand?
How are the bras worn by teens?
I have my own in house label of t-shirts would you like to invest?
Can 1st year students wear collared t-shirts of decent looks (light colours) in KIIT Bhubaneswar?
What's the process to get my garments marketed through local bazar?
What idiot decided it was a good idea to give a 2 hour inauguration speech in the middle of winter not wearing a coat?
Would you buy a well-made, elegant jacket because it comes with a thirty-year guarantee?
Pakistani girls have given up wearing a burqa and have gotten inclined towards Western clothes. Why are Indian girls still wearing a burqa?
Why are men's clothes of better quality than females?
Which fabric is the best for Muktsari/Punjabi kurtas?
Is there a specific dress code for the MHT-CET exam?
How should I decide what to wear everyday?
Can denim dresses be worn to office?
What does it mean when a girl cleans the crumbs off your shirt while you are eating?
What saree would be suitable to wear with emerald and diamond jewelry for an engagement party?
Is it okay to show the shape of my penis when I am wearing trousers?
What is the best brand of black jeans to buy in India?
Why are there extra laces on girls’ tops?
If you have sex with clothes on, do babies come?
Are Versace clothes exclusive?
Is there an app or a website which gives measurements of clothes from old clothes?
How is a dress form made?
What would happen if a US president refused to wear a suit?
What is the best clohing and shoes size chart?
Should I wear Oxford shirts?
Why did a soldier's wife send a 56-inch bra to Modi? Will Nawaz send a matching sari?
How do I make a good DIY binder out of sport bras?
Are cloth diapers leak free? Which is the best brand?
Is there any dress code in Karunya University?
Why is society against men wearing nylon stockings with shorts?
What can you wear with pastel colored shorts?
What colour helmet would match for a cyan blue bike?
Which clothing brand is the most popular in Australia?
Why has the standard formal dress for men remained almost completely unchanged since around 1960?
What kind of sari should be worn for interviews?
How do you tailor feedback to fit the recipient?
How many buttons are on a traditional 3 piece suit and pants? I'm also wondering if there is a button on the waistcoat pocket?
What color pants and shirt match with olive green shoes?
What's the best jockstrap to wear under jeans?
Can one wear light brown brogues with long black kurti? Can it go with ethnic? Would it look stupid or give a chic girl look?
What are the first things to note when starting your own clothing line as a designer?
What are the various patterns(sewing patterns) of a kimono jacket/shrug?
What is a good way to incorporate a pink tie into a suit?
What are the graduate commercial trainee supposed to wear in their training period (dress code)?
What is a polo dress and where can I find one?
How does SpongeBob SquarePants wash his clothes?
How do I react to my fiance who wants me to wear a kurti and shawl all the time?
What is “cambric cloth”? Does it have any name in Hindi (we need cambric cloth for SUPW)? Could you attach a pic?
What is the rate for surplus garments?
What colours look good with black pants?
Where can I find vintage wholesalers online?
Is it wrong to wear sneakers with a formal dress?
How much does the average college student spend on clothes?
Where can I find security button system tucked Trunks?
Where can I find some good graphic T-shirts for women online?
Is it good to wear cut sleeve banyans (vests) in the summer?
What is the reason for choosing a black and white dress for a lawyer?
How important is it to wear shoes you can easily take off, in Japan?
Is there any dress code in UP medical colleges other than white coats?
How can I start a t-shirt online business, and from which site should I place an order? Do they print the logo on the shirt too?
What are some stylish men's clothing brands made for athletic built men with big arms, chest and small waist?
What replaced Spykar jeans renegade fit?
Which one has bigger size Ag+ or Cl-?
What are bottom wears apart from jeans?
What kind of jewelry is appropriate for a single man of status to wear?
What colour chinos would go with coffee brown loafers?
Where can I buy wholesale Salwar suits in Mumbai?
Where can I buy women shorts online?
What kind of dresses should I wear having a pear shaped body?
Is it wrong to wear a shemagh?
What shirt can I wear with a blue blazer?
What are some of the best fabric for summers?
What do students wear in Canada?
Why can't girls be accepted if they don't wear makeup?
How much profit percentage will a textile shop get by selling cloths?
Do boys find girls more attractive in traditional dresses than short dresses?
What stores sell leather jackets?
Can I alter my double-breasted blazer to single-breasted?
What are some creative ideas to make your own underwear?
Where can I get wholesale clothes for business in Delhi?
How do I create all over printed hoodies?
How should I wear slip dress?
What types of beauty products are suitable for us?
Which is the best place for men’s clothing in Bangalore?
Why do flat-chested girls wear bras or bikinis?
What is the profit margin in a garment factory?
Why is a woman wearing a suit not a problem, but a man wearing a saree is?
What would Naruto's clones wear if the original was wearing different clothes from his usual outfit?
Can you wear swim shorts in the gym?
What are the best places to buy cheap socks subscription?
Is it compulsory to wear shoes with lace for an interview?
Are North Korean women required to wear dresses and skirts?
Why do adults stare at me when my shirt is off?
How can you describe Italy's traditional clothing?
Where can I buy superhero branded t-shirts?
Why is it that mostly average-to-ugly looking Indian girls wear exposing clothes that don't suit them and good looking ones don't?
How do I find out which manufacturer of H&M produces a specific pair of their shorts?
Ranveer Singh is setting a new trend of formal clothing. Wearing skin fit trouser that's a wie bit short. Can corporate clothing transform after this?
Why do white products (shoes and clothing, etc.) almost always have a white background in advertisements? It doesn’t make sense at all and its hard to see their details.
What were some mid 90's clothing tops and shoes for guys?
How can I carefully wash black pants?
Why did boys wear really short shorts in the 30s through the 60s?
Why is there an argyle logo on some socks?
What is the dress code for female interns in a chemical industry like Linde India?
What do women think about men who wear string bikini underwear?
Which is the best place in India to buy girls’ sexy dresses with new styles wholesale?
Where can I buy graphic T-shirts with the latest pop culture references?
What’s the best fabric for men's underwear?
Are John Miller shirts good?
What is the dress code at MICA? Are girls allowed or frowned at on wearing skirts and dresses?
What do guys usually wear in snow weather?
What is the difference between girl jeans and boy jeans?
What's more important, wearing fashionable clothes or wearing comfortable ones?
It's really cold outside and I have to walk 5 miles. Would a mink coat be warmer to wear inside out or the fur side out?
Do residential care homes cater adequately for people who cross dress?
People look good in branded clothes and bad in non-branded. Is it ture?
Why don't men wear sleeveless shirts in function, but women do?
How would I dress in early 90's fitness wear if I'm a guy?
Do you find tie clips tasteful or cheesy?
How can I know my pants are too tight?
Do you know a reliable company that prints fabrics and is cheap?
What pants should I wear to match white shoes?
What type of clothes should I wear in Hyderabad during summer?
How do you make a 70s outfit?
What are some significant differences among the clothing styles of different generations?
Will a collarless jersey shirt look nice on a not so muscular guy?
Which bra should I wear under a noodle strap backless dress?
Which is the perfect bra size?
Who are the best tie manufacturers?
What do people (women and men) wear on a fancy party or formal ball in your country?
Is vegan leather different from synthetic leather?
What are the differences between casual and fancy outfits?
What top goes well with white and navy striped pants with attached suspenders?
How would I do a mix of heavy metal fashion with casual chic fashion?
Is apparel production a good choice for one’s career?
What are the best women jeans brands?
Are there people who have a fetish for wearing clothes of their own gender?
Do you agree with a statement that spending much on clothing is simply a waste of money?
Is it wrong to go into a clothes shop just to try on clothes?
How do you dress for a first date?
What do you think if you get a box of trendy clothing each month for a particular subscription amount?
Why should working women buy Argent apparel?
Did you face a lot of difficulties when wearing saree at the beginning?
Where are clothes stored in Patna?
What are some good sites to buy clothes based in Europe?
Will every graduate wear a hood?
In the recruiter's letter, if it says "dress code: casual," what should I wear to the interview?
What should I wear that is casual yet stylish?
Which color shirt should a black man wear?
Is it a good thing for women to not wear underwear (panties) at times?
How were clothes made during Shakespeare's time?
What kind of clothes do you like on guys?
Can I wear red to a funeral of a close family member?
Does anyone fall for the false compliments given at clothes stores?
What are the different ways in which I can wear my polo shirts?
How can I get a buyer of ready-made garments?
How long should a pair of washed denim jeans last?
Where can I buy Star Wars branded T-shirts?
Is it possible to sell Indian women’s wear in Pakistan?
Is wearing black skinny jeans with black steel boots, as a guy, a bad idea?
Why do most Swiss girls dress like it’s the 1980s?
What are the cheapest ways to update my whole wardrobe?
Someone buys an item on the first day and gets a receipt. On the next day, he picks the same item in the store and returns it. What can we do to avoid this?
Are skinny, high-waisted jeans still in? Almost all of my jeans are skinny and high-waisted but I feel as if I shouldn't be wearing them.
Is wearing my phone on my back pocket safe?
Can pima shirts (50/1 Peruvian thread) be dried on a dryer? If so, at what temperature?
Are jogger pants athletic wear or casual wear?
How do you dress formally (for an interview, for example) as a non binary person?
What is a fresh suit?
What kind of dress should I wear to my sister’s marriage ?
Why shouldn't we have to wear jeans often? Is there any problem with that?
What would the most effective suit of armour be made of?
Where can I find Star Wars T-shirts with quotes online?
How is cork fabric made?
Where can I buy a cheap quality bandage dress in London?
What shoes should I wear with my suit?
Should I get a pink or white Antisocial Social Club hoodie?
Is a dark brown suit with a white shirt and pink tie a good combination?
Do girls love to wear skirts?
What color jackets does an American Airlines pilot wear?
How do I choose the right heels for my dress?
Did you wear rubber pants as a kid?
How do I know what overall size I should wear?
Should girls wear kurtis or salwar on a daily basis instead of Western wear?
If everybody else suddenly disappeared to the point where even there clothes and personal items were in piles were they once stood what would you do?
Can you please list the name brands of some quality dress clothes for men that you like?
What are some good minimalist outfits?
Is it safe to wash whites and coloureds together if the coloureds have been washed many times before?
How are the polo dresses available at Bewakoof.com?
What are the best websites to find art for my t-shirt business?
How do I start a clothing line with no experience in tailoring?
Do women find men who wear female clothes attractive and approachable as a friend or someone who they would like to be have a friendship with?
What are the some decent and stylish ways to wear a scarf as a head covering as I’m required to do while at work?
What are girls’ views on guys who repeat wearing their clothes twice a week in college?
What's the best place to find cheap clothing online in India?
Can I wear a leggings at tirumala?
Why are so many people excited about Melania Trump not wearing a headscarf in Saudi Arabia, while in fact no non-Muslim women wear headscarves there?
Which shirt looks good with a black coat and pants?
What makes ideal compression socks for runners?
Can you wear a tux with a tie?
Where can I find cheap women blazers in Calgary?
How can I tell what style suits my personality?
How do I stop tearing the crotch in my jeans?
Why are some Arab women totally covered in black?
What clothes should I wear for a junior developer interview?
What is "smart casual" dress for men in Europe?
How will The Cartel be a name for an custom made suit?
Is it okay to mix colors like black and tan/brown or black and blue when matching outfits?
I've been thinking about buying and selling popular shoes and/or clothes, what is the best way of going about doing this?
Where is fashion retail heading?
What features are indicative of a cheap suit?
What color designer blouse is suitable for all silk saris?
Is it okay to wear the same underwear for two days?
Can Genteel (liquid detergent) be used to wash normal clothes (the ones we wear everyday)?
Where can I find a strapless bra that is comfortable? I'm a male but I wear bras and have not found a strapless one that fits well.
How do I mix and accessorize with neon if I wear an all black outfit?
What do students wear at IIMs?
What type of dressing sense did Winky have?
How do I wear a saree in an easy manner?
Why do people not wear shirts at home?
How comfortable are Indian girls to share their bra color?
What kind of apparel should Indian IT employees wear?
What is the best suit I can get for $750?
Why don’t U.S. soldiers wear jeans?
I’m a garment manufacturer and I am looking for buyers. How do I get foreign buyers and take orders from them?
Where can you put affordable stalls in Delhi for customised T-shirts (theme: Bollywood)?
Is it better to wear a body suit or a bikini top/crop top in summer?
How do clothing lines get bigger?
Will a black cloth absorb more heat than a white cloth in a dark room?
Can I wear black pants for the NEET?
Where can I find a good Punjabi tailor for men in Jaipur?
What are band clothing lines?
Are there wholesale clothing suppliers in Bangalore?
What type of rays would need to be emitted to be able to see through clothes but nothing else?
What should I wear to a cotillion?
How do I select a blue shirt?
Is it worth it to buy clothes in Zaful?
Where can one find Wonder Woman merchandise (t-shirts, mugs, etc.) in Mumbai, India?
Is the price of clothes and other fashion items significantly cheaper in India than in Nepal?
Will lehenga salwars suit all types?
What color bottoms should I wear with a white shirt that has a splash of yellow and pink on it?
What do people wear to a gay circuit party?
Which has a better fall, chiffon or Georgette?
Is there a dress code at BHU?
What are the best bra types to wear for saggy boobs? And how do you get a firm and stiff shape?
Why do many religious Jews wear a white shirt and black pants?
Where can I get bootcut jeans in Raipur?
What color of women’s socks go with khaki pants and loafers?
What can I couple with my vests to get a casual look this summer?
How do I turn a button-down shirt into a waterfall vest?
What is the importance of targeting a specific market when establishing a clothing business?
What color shirt goes best with olive-colored pants?
Where do I get Flicker Hoods T-shirts in Bangalore?
Why does a woman’s clothing stick in her buttock cleavage?
I have been wearing hijab for 3 years and I no longer wish to wear it. I wore it because of my mother, what should I do?
Why do girls look hot and beautiful in gym leggings/tights?
Which is the best Australian wholesale clothing distributor?
When a glass rod and silk cloth are rubbed, electrons jump from glass rod to silk cloth not from the cloth to rod. Why?
What do you think about the Cruise/Resort fashion shows this season?
What type of underwear is good for an athlete?
What should be worn underneath a loose top that shows your bra?
What made wearing tighter suits and clothes more popular?
Can anyone help me find fairtrade clothing companies?
Why do Muslim men wear feminine-looking suits with salwars without any design?
What is the best way to wash white cotton clothes?
What is natural fiber in clothing?
Why do millennial females wear men's clothes (including their fathers’ old jumpers)?
Why do some people feel cold and wear woolen clothes even in the summer?
How do I start a saree business, by importing sarees?
Why is the cloth of the people from the Tibetan highlands similar to that of the people from the Andes highlands in Bolivia?
Which lashes is Huda wearing on her packaging?
Where can I find goth clothes in China?
How many men wear women's nylon panties?
Where can I get t-shirts with Star Wars logo?
What bottoms should I wear with a tunic top?
What are the main characteristics of a polyester velvet fabric?
How can I match neon shoes in winter?
Where can I find cool t-shirts in Mumbai?
How do you select the right sport shoes for you?
Why are scrubs v-necks?
What attire a girl should wear on first night after marriage?
Who makes the most purchases of t-shirts in India, men or women?
How many fashion and apparel SKUs does a Target store carry?
Some women claim not to be shallow. Why do they wear so much make-up then?
Where can I buy cheap branded clothes in Gurgaon?
Why does a cloth get wet if we put it in water?
What do you wear when glamping?
For a school mufti day, I've been told sleeveless tops are off-limits. But I only own sleeveless tops. What can I do?
Is it possible to create a skin-tight spacesuit that is flexible, pressurizes the body, etc., by using a tightly-compacted porous-like gel, or something?
Why do synthetic shirts smell bad?
Why must we use washing powder detergent to wash our clothes, instead of plain water?
How do I start my garments business with Indian buyer?
How do I keep my phone inside my shirt or pants pocket?
Is there a store that specializes in clothes for the short and stocky man?
Is there any dress code for GUJCET 2017?
Which colour shirt is suitable for black pants?
Do you put your pants on first or your shirt?
How do I say that my clothes do not fit me anymore, implying that I have grown, in Spanish?
What is the name given to a long skirt which splits like a top only at the ankle?
What would happen if someone pulled down the jeans and underwear of Emraan Hashmi while he was on stage?
How should I wear shorts in the summer?
Does it offend someone who has a traditional style of dress (e.g. Japan's kimono, India's sari) when someone not from that culture wears it?
Where can I buy pants in the United States fitting for a man of height 5'3''?
What lead to the horrible trend of stripped jeans?
What are the absolute most comfortable all-day dress shoes?
With no money limit, what are the best clothes to buy for functionality and style?
Which top and jeans suit white boots?
What is the best width for double breasted jacket lapels?
When shoulder carrying, should you buy coats a size larger than you typically wear to better hide the gun?
How do I dress up for Indian parties?
Are there any life hacks to prevent creases on shirts?
Is it necessary to wear clothes while taking the JEE Advanced?
Can I wear a red shirt with tan pants?
Just saw the newest episode of the Big Bang theory. What does it mean by "the kid with the two shirts"?
Why do Indian women like to wear designer salwar suit?
What should I wear while working at Kohls?
What did men and children in ancient India in wear?
Where can I find genuine Marvel apparel in India?
What t-shirt of yours gives you a lot of comments from others when you wear it?
How can I wear a Belstaff jacket?
What do you need to dye your clothes black?
Why does this young woman wear the same clothes to university almost everyday and orders the same food?
Where can I get high-resolution sitting pattu saree images?
What colors look good with light pink?
From where do these retailers get cheap branded clothes?
Is Roadster good for clothing?
Do you ever wear 2 stoles?
While cooking yesterday I dropped some oil on my clothes. Do I have to send my clothes for dry-cleaning?
What do I need to do to get my clothing line off the ground?
How can one dress stylishly in a budget here in the Philippines?
Is it weird that dressing girly or wearing "feminine" clothing and jewelery makes me feel weird and vulnerable?
Where can we buy the cheapest branded clothes in India?
How can I lighten the color of a pair of tan lather shoes that darkened when they were waxed and polished?
What kind of clothes & footwear should one pack for a long stay according to the weather in London?
Does SnorgTees actually pay you for your t-shirt ideas?
What should be the priority for dressing appropriately, style or comfort?
As an entrepreneur, which is more profitable? Wash and fold laundry or dry cleaning?
Is there a market for women ethnic wear in Thailand?
Can you sell the goods (i.e., t-shirts and pins) you buy from custom product manufacturers at a professional retail store?
What colour suits blue eyes?
What shoes do people wear casually before sneakers?
How do I get information relating to t-shirt printing with tprints?
How do you wear a fedora and a suit without looking like an idiot?
Why do girls wear a transparent saree?
Where do small-framed men with slightly larger hips buy clothes?
How do you wash a Ghillie suit?
Where can I find a garments wholesaler?
Do girls in New Delhi wear midi?
How well would Kraven the Hunter fit into the MCU?
Why are women in Chennai obsessed with wearing salwar kameez?
What clothes do we need to wear during the IIT examination?
What are some hacks to expand a dress that is a little too tight for me?
What type of knickers should I wear with a dress or skirt with pantyhose?
How should I wear cotton maxi dress?
How do I recruit experienced fashion and graphic designer for a apparel company?
How do I sell or export women's designer garments from India?
Is it true that girls wear bikinis in Brazil all the time?
Why do we have to buy branded clothes?
Where can I buy under armor compression shorts for kids in HK?
Why do girls wear short dresses and why they want to expose their body?
What is the best type of underwear for working out?
If I met ladies on the street and asked to buy the panties they were wearing for $20, would they sell them to me?
How do you wear double denim?
Why are black robes worn by priests?
What is the penalty for wearing blue jeans in North Korea?
Can I wear men's underwear to the beach for swimming?
Where can I find a saree wholesaler in Pune?
Do cheerleaders wear thongs?
How do I keep my uniform wrinkle-free forever?
My daughter has begun to dress inappropriately. How can I get her to stop?
How do groomsmen dress?
Where is the best place for manufacturing clothes in India?
How do I wear this top?
Should jock straps be worn underneath the underwear?
If you saw a girl in booty shorts twerking in public while wearing hijab, what would you do?
What will look good with a navy blue plazzo?
Which are the best online companies to start an online clothing business?
Do you have to dress modish all the time?
How can I remove Fevikwik from my jeans?
What are the best women’s panties for men?
How come my shoes don’t fit me anymore?
Why do UK weather presenters have such a terrible dress sense?
What are some ideas for graduation dresses for grade 6?
Is it right to wear black clothes all of the time?
Are there websites that offer made to measure womens dresses for reasonable prices?
Do you feel pressure to wear expensive, designer clothes to school?
Can I and how do I get in contact with fashion buyers in order to sell small, in-stock quantities of clothes?
Should I dress up as Spongebob on the first day of 8th grade?
When will Urban Outfitters come to Australia?
What is the best site to buy personalized T-shirts in India?
How do I promote a new female clothing online brand with in India with less budget to compete with other major brands?
How can you make yourself look more formal in a knee length, long sleeved, pink lace dress?
How can you wash poison ivy out of clothes?
How do you start a lingerie line in today's world?
Is it socially acceptable to wear articles of clothing with fire on them in the summer?
Which is the famous market for marriage garments in Kolkata?
What makes you edgy?
Where could I find a good place for women's casual outerwear and swimwear?
Why is a V-neck shirt considered gay in the Western world?
How many types of petticoat are there for Indian sarees?
Is it normal to wear woman underwear?
What causes hole to randomly appear in your shirts?
Where can I shop for French designer clothes and shoes in Paris?
My husband removed my blouse button very easily in the first night after our wedding. How can it be possible that without experience he is soo perfect in removing a blouse button?
What are the key features needed for online custom tailor?
What is the best place to buy quality winter clothes in India on a reasonable price?
Are Indian IT services companies functioning like army regiments (compulsory working hours and formal dress code)?
Where can I get export rejected garments in Chennai, similar to those available in Fashion Street, Mumbai?
Did pirates wear socks?
How did guys wear the exercise gear like women did during 1990-1991 two years before Grunge?
Where can I get branded shirt lots in India in the range of Rs 60 to 80?
Where do I find reputable wholesalers with quality clothing for a decent mark up?
I want to import leather jackets from Pakistan to India. What are the procedures for it?
Can you still get a tan if you wear 70 SPF?
What are the smallest dresses worn by actresses?
Is regional dress allowed in the WBJEE?
Indian girls: if boys stop being attracted to the modern dresses you wear and instead like you in traditional dresses, will you change your manner of dress?
Where can I find urban streetwear in India?
What color of shoe should I wear on a pitch dress?
How do I dress as the red shift for Halloween?
Where can I find a good tailor to alter my blazer/suit in Chennai?
Where/how can I find an activewear apparel manufacturer to start a line that includes my own custom print? What is the best country for this?
What should I wear for the SLS Pune interview? I am a girl.
Why do men in gymnastics wear socks but not women?
What are the best matching colors for a tshirt and shirt combo with shoes?
How hot does it have to be before you go bare chested or wear a bikini?
Why do today's teens wear inappropriate clothes?
Where do the textile factories sell their produced clothes?
Who are the best tailors in Kolkata for saree blouses?
Is it okay for me to take off the red thread around my waist?
If it were socially acceptable, would you wear sweatpants to a fancy event (like a wedding), or would you rather wear a dress? Why?
Why do golfers wear brightly coloured/patterned pants?
How do Polo Ralph Lauren jeans fit?
Why do "sanskari/gharelu" females in Hindi TV serials wear jackets/blouses exposing their backs?
Are guys’ hair and clothes important?
What are some colors that suit me when I'm an autumn type?
Why do soccer goalies wear gloves?
Is it safe for a man to wear a dress in Wichita Kansas?
Where can I get U.S.-made wholesale clothing for women online?
Which is your favorite male underwear?
What margin/commission do Amazon charge for selling ready-made shirts?
What sort of bra can a man wear without showing straps through clothing?
What did colonial kids wear?
What should I wear to an interview at Square?
Why are Levi’s Jeans more costly than other brands? What’s so special about them?
What colour should the bridesmaids wear if the bride is wearing a golden saree?
Why can’t a boy wear a bra, as it is a simple piece of clothing?
Are there any military fitness clothing brands that support liberal ideologies?
Why do Indians no longer wear Indian clothes?
Where can I donate clothes at Kalyan, Thane district, Maharashtra, India?
Which kind of dress colors are suitable for a dark-colored guy who has a waist of 28″ and is 5′7″ tall?
Is it safe to wear a blue-and-white bandana/handkerchief on your wrist to the mall?
I need to attend a wedding next week and I need to wear something ethnic, classy, trendy and sexy. What should I wear?
Where can you get cheap and cute clothes in Johannesburg, South Africa?
California casual wear for men is jeans and a t-shirt. Why is the expectation for the same attire for women almost inevitably more form-fitting?
Is Latin-America a good market for me to sell? I have an online, original clothing shop in the US.
What are some online clothing brands that have a large selection of plus-sized fashions?
I am designing a line of bath robes for my brand LA Diva Fashion. What features do you look for in a bath robe?
What are attractive clothing for 48 year old males?
Which is the best Indian e-commerce site for branded cheap clothing to be bought via cash-on-delivery?
What should you do if you want to design a separate style for your club T-shirt?
Is it mandatory for women to wear a burkini while swimming in Saudi Arabia?
What happens if you use unmatching socks?
What’s nice winter clothing for a small dog?
From where do resellers and Instagram sellers source big brand copies of handbags, watches, sunglasses, clothes, shoes, etc.?
What are good apparel wholesalers in 1688.com?
What Asian t-shirt size will I need for a 38-39 inch chest?
How does one get clothing made by a factory in China?
Do Jewish women who cover their hair do so around their immediate family? Who would they not do that around?
Why do ladies mostly wear black bras?
Where do you go shopping for clothes for your kids?
Can girls wear what ever dress they want after the college hours at Amrita Bangalore?
Why do you think Frost is wearing a robe/cape?
What is branded apparel?
What are some funny group dress up ideas?
Where can I buy ethnic women’s trousers with cutout work or embellishment online in India?
How do you wear your favourite long sleeve jumper?
Which type of innerwear is used by men?
What is the best and the cheapest online store to buy gym clothes in the USA?
What is the dress code for Amity admission?
What would be the deciding factor on whether you buy a clothing brand or not?
Can we wear Swarovski crystals every day?
Do you wear a binder? I'm honestly just curious.
What are the best outfits for workout for a female (it would be helpful with images)?
What underwear is suitable to wear under white jeans?
Why does my butt not look good in leggings?
What should I wear in Edmonton (winter)?
How can I make a Lucky Star outfit?
What would a goose wearing a leather jacket look like?
What sort of saree would suit a young girl better - cotton or synthetic?
What are equestrian apparel?
What is your opinion about ripped jeans?
What are the best ways to wash colored clothes?
Where can I buy surplus international mens apparels online in India?
What should I wear for my cousin sisters kerala wedding?
What is the best cheap cotton underwear brand?
Is there some dress code for CGC Landran?
What color Anarkali dress will suit for dark people?
Why are female undergarments never seen drying outside any Indian house along with the other clothes?
What are the best women's workwear brands?
How do I dress for a nineties party?
What are the good and affordable brands of black jeans for women to buy in India?
Which colour of pants suits a sky blue shirt?
Why do some men and women go for the shorter trouser leg look?
What is the difference between golf shirts and polo shirts?
What is a gathering apron?
Where can I buy the best plus-size clothing in Australia?
Where do I get flicker hoods t-shirts for wholesale?
What's the meaning of the extra fabric given behind the sport shoes?
What's the fiber bundle size in fabric laminate?
What is an alternative to polo shirts?
Which colour waistcoat should I wear with a blue shirt and grey trousers?
How many shirts should I expect to sell every day/month if I sell them via online marketplaces under my own brand label?
Which colour of blazer, shirt, suit, and tie should I wear to complement a golden cream and red coloured lehenga on a bride in a wedding?
Is there a production facility for sweater shirt uniforms in Malaysia?
Why is it acceptable to see women in underwear on billboards but not elsewhere in public?
Can I wear sweatpants?
Why is it when people see ghosts, they always describe what they are wearing? How can clothing become spiritualised?
How should I dress in a gala in Manhattan? What should we do there?
What should I wear to onboarding at Accenture if the e-mail mentioned business formals?
What are the best ways to keep clothes looking like new?
Which is the best online site to buy hoodies for men?
Do you guys like limited edition shoes and clothes?
What is the legal provision for imposing a penalty for not wearing covered shoes and a full shirt while driving a motorcycle in West Bengal/India?
Why don't poor people wear a bikini when it is very cheap?
How do I find traders to sell my apparel line in Mumbai?
What is the punishment for wearing a uniform with a missing button in the US Army?
Where can I buy non-leather, formal shoes for a man in India? I have made a conscious decision not to use leather products in the future.
How can I have wrinkle free clothes without ironing?
How can I get a medium size top to fit a large person?
Why can't you wear panties during an operation if your surgery is a rhinoplasty?
Which color of chinos should I wear with a white T-shirt: maroon or brown?
Why is it not okay to wear shorts in freezing weather but it is okay to smoke and drink?
What is Supreme Clothings official site?
How can I get my sister to buy me women’s underwear?
Donald Duck wears nothing underneath, then why does he wear a towel after coming out of a shower?
Should people be barred from public places for wearing clothes bearing religious motifs?
What did Riley wear at the party in the first episode of The Boondocks?
How do you make a clothing company with your own branding?
How do the American people see Indian apparel?
How should I wear long waistcoat?
What makeup goes with a blue, traditional Indian wear outfit?
Is socks needed when carding?
Which type is good looking for shoes, canvas or leather?
What is the meaning of a topnotch dress code?
What are the kinds of lehengas that would suit a night wedding in Delhi, India?
Do most truckers wear trucker hats (or some kind of hat) or is that just an urban legend?
What should I wear with harem pants?
Do you have a favorite brand of clothing or does brand not matter to you?
How are male celebrities/stars able to wear a different suit at different award shows, when the most common colour of suits is black?
Would you tell me your bra colour if I asked you?
What are the pros and cons of wearing permanent eyeliner?
What is a great black suit for a groom?
Have you ever thought of always recognizing your teammates when you look at the t-shirt they're wearing in any crowded place?
Why do some nudists think that people who wear clothes are ashamed of their body?
What color underwear are you currently wearing?
Should I wear a white blazer for my college farewell?
What colour chinos would look good on brown guys?
By wearing decent clothes at public places, can incidents like molestation be avoided?
Which is the perfect custom tailoring tool for today's custom tailors?
I’m launching an Indo-Western clothing line through e-commerce and designing clothes in house. Where can I source good fabric at wholesale prices?
How should I dress if I have broad shoulders?
Where should I look out for the best range of sarees in Bangalore?
What did you wear for NEET examination? (girls)
What is the best idea for a startup business lady in hand-loomed garments?
What was your experience when you wore khakis for the first time?
Why do people pay a lot of money for clothes?
What was the most classy and chic dress you have ever worn and on what occasion?
What are the benefits to not wear watch?
Can a man wear women’s shoes in public?
Why do Chinese clothes retailers use white models?
What's the difference between a kilt and a skirt?
When a woman wears a shirt that shows off her boobs, how long are you allowed to look?
Do Indian women like men wearing lingerie?
What should boys wear in their own house for Shaadi?
What is a good split for ordering women’s T-shirts?
Where are best wholesale garment suppliers, fashion jewelry suppliers in Delhi NCR?
Can you wear a pocket square on a formal shirt?
What is the difference between panties and lingerie?
What dress should we have to wear for workshops in SRM?
Would you let your man wear a mini skirt?
Does wearing thick rimmed glasses still make people look smart, or since everyone is wearing it now, it will only make you look hip?
Which product has more sales after release of top rated movie (ex. clothes, bags, shoes)?
Where can I buy good quality clothes for $3-5 in Poland?
Why do people care what they look like? If we all wear the same clothes and the same makeup, eventually we'll all look too similar. So why?
What is a high quality brand for bras?
Is wearing your boyfriends shirts and t-shirts cute? I mean what do guys think about it?
Where can I get ombre shirts custom made for a decent price in the USA?
How do cricketers get numbers at the back of their t-shirts?
Are girls’ or guys’ clothes more comfortable?
When should I get fitted for a bra?
How is life at IFMR Chennai? What are the rules and regulations for the girls’ hostel? Is there a dress code?
What is underwear made out of?
What are Betzalel Shapiro's favorite outfits?
Why do my running pants keep falling down, how can you prevent this?
How should I wear classy vest in spring?
Why do men wear hats inside?
When is the best time to start selling winter/fall clothing?
Do Pakistani girls wear torn jeans?
What are the best sites to buy cloth and shoes for a 22 year old?
What​ type of underwear should I use for tight jeggings?
How is a polyester velvet fabric made?
Would you wear Peter Quill's (Starlord of Guardians of the Galaxy) leather jacket (the short version in GoG1) in real life?
Which color shoes should I wear with formal black pants?
Which is your favorite male underwear (pics)?
Why would a doctor(?) be wearing her white lab coat and stethoscope outside her office? Saw this yesterday near Vanderbilt University.
What are the different clothes that a woman in Syria wears - including her undergarments?
Which American department has the most variety police uniform combination allowed (cargo pants, polo, dress shirts, etc)?
Can you make a profit from selling T-shirts?
Can transgender women only wear long skirts and dresses?
Why do women wear revealing clothes and gets angry when people glance at her?
Why do people wear fashion headbands? What’s the motive behind it?
As a Chinese person, it is very hard to understand sentences like, 'It cannot fit too close,' and, 'They will fit a pit as well as better.' What's the trick?
Why do people feel offended and "triggered" when they see someone wearing socks and sandals?
How are size charts for apparel created, and why are they not standard across different brands?
Where can I sell my preloved clothing in Singapore?
What is a semi formal attire for juniors?
Which online shopping website sells the cheapest cloth?
Why do some guys sleep with their hands inside their pants?
Do contestants on "the Voice" get free clothes for their live performances?
What is a thong?
What do women think about men wearing women thongs?
How should I wear a vest in summer?
Which color of pants will suit light orange shirts?
Which brand of knee sleeve should I buy?
How can I make glitter stay on my clothes?
Where do I find the best Timb B's to wear?
How do I classify clothing store items in inventory to different collections and unique items within a collection?
How can I learn fashion designing from home to make my own clothes?
How can I convince my parents to approve of me wearing androgynous clothes?
Do clothes hung out on the line start getting wet again? When does this happen and what causes it?
I’m going out of town. I have 3 pairs of jeans, 5 shirts, and 2 pairs of shoes. How many different outfits can I put together?
What are some custom t-shirts kids can make?
Which colour shirt would suit a beige coloured pant?
What is the usual price range for a denim dress?
Why do clothes dry easily in an environment where the humidity is relatively low?
How do I find right compression socks?
Is it wrong for men to wear women’s clothes at home?
Why are bras measured in cups?
Why is it okay to wear western dress for men but not for women in Muslim society?
How do compression shorts help circulation?
Where can I source traditional​ saree/kurtas basically​ ethnic Indian wear at low cost in Chennai? Or neighbouring cities?
Which colors of apparel will look good on wheatish, warm-tone skin?
Why do women's clothing sizes vary so much from brand to brand?
How do you prepare for a semi-formal (male)?
I want a light coloured denim shirt dress. Where can I find it?
How many types of fabric are available in the world?
Is it wrong for transgender women to just wear long skirts and long dresses?
Is it okay to wear a navy linen blazer with blue jeans and a white shirt to an Indian wedding in Kolkata during the summer?
What type of track pants should I wear to a gym?
What colour jeans should I pair with a light blue denim shirt and blue denim shoes?
How do you sew a zip onto a circular pouch with notching?
I have a wedding coming up as a maid of honour, what should I wear?
Can I wear hoodies to Christ University?
Why do you mainly find super slim fit trousers in shops, nowadays?
What makes a children's fashion brand high quality?
What hairstyle goes with a spaghetti strap dress with a strappy back?
Why do Indian girls wear white leggings with a kurti with slit? It always reveals the inner, and they should know it. It’s an instant turn-on for boys.
What are the recognized certificates in apparel and clothing in Sri Lanka?
What is the dress code in Delhi AIIMS pics?
Can jeans top be considered as formal dress?
Where do top clothing stores like Gucci manufacture their clothing?
Can I dye jeans in a big bucket?
What are some rules for casual clothing?
Where can I buy Supreme, Palace, or Bape?
Do guys hate it when girls put on their boyfriend’s clothes? If so, why?
What are some good cold weather clothing brands?
How can a woman be strong and free to wear and do what she wants in an Arab community ruled by religion and male relatives that undervalue women’s images?
When washed with colors, why do whites turn red instead of blue or yellow?
What is the best party wear outfits for a dark tonned tall skinny guy?
Do you wear underwear under yoga pants or not have any on when you wear them?
Can a Muslim woman wear all white clothing?
Where can I get hoodies manufactured?
Do any stores in the US carry formal shoes for men that are not made of leather?
What is the best zipper style?
What is the best combination colour shirt for a green colour pant?
What are some cool phrases or words to get written on clothes (e.g., for slogan tees or hats)?
Where in India do girls wear midi?
What colour jacket, preferably pastel, should I wear with a navy shirt and white chinos?
What is the best cotton for shirts?
You're going about your normal day, and suddenly wake up in a white room with white clothes on. What do you do?
What do metalheads typically wear?
What is the best way to clean my Pashmina scarf?
Do girls wear underwear under a swimsuit?
Why did Marines stop wearing unit patches?
Which colour top goes best with denim jeans?
Is there a major difference between American shirt sizes and other countries’ shirt sizes?
How come the shorts that girls wear under their skirts and dresses are usually black colored shorts?
How can a woman start to wear mens suits?
How do you mend leather?
Why does my jacket zipper split?
If a guy sends me a big package from London to the US and puts 7,000£ in an envelope with clothes, shoes, and a phone, is it a scam?
Where can I buy women's summer shorts?
Which bra is the best?
How was Japanese medieval clothing made?
What dress are you wearing right now?
What clothes should I carry to Phuket?
Why are V-neck T-shirts so popular in fashion nowadays?
What type of clothing should I take to Paris and Engelberg during the last week of May along with my 65-year-old old parents?
Where can I buy copies of branded t-shirts?
Can you build a clothing line in the U.S., while you’re outside the country?
Why do my German friends in India freak out when I wear a T-shirt with an Indian swastika?
What are the chances of success for a t-shirt printing press business?
Where can I find a B2B platform with inexpensive clothes for young women and men?
What are some websites where I can buy popular graphic T-shirts with the latest quirky designs?
What is the best way to lighten dark blue jeans?
What color bikinis should I wear to look sexy?
How can I convert 34F US bra size to Fr size?
What clothing and supplies do I need for attending a sound healing session?
Why do schools not like kids to wear expensive shoes, as they ask kids to not wear those shoes because it lowers other kids’ self-esteem?
Should I wear a red tie or a maroon tie for a black suit?
Where is the market for first copy watches, clothes, shoes, ladies accessories, and more, in India?
What should I wear to a Pearl Academy personal interview round?
What are the characteristics of hippies style clothing?
What kind of saree should I wear for practicing a drama?
Are the DC t-shirts sold at bewakoof.com genuine?
What does the term "engineered" mean when describing a woman's dress?
What are some tips you can give to look perfect in Salwar Kameez?
Is it technically ok to wash soft clothes, like handkerchiefs, with a shampoo?
Are mini skirts and short shorts acceptable attire at tech companies like Google and Facebook?
How do you design your own leotards?
Why do women avoid wearing skin-color leggings?
What are some good tips for a large clothing department to reduce customer theft without compromising sales?
I wear dresses. I do not want to be a woman or look like a woman, I just like wearing woman's clothes, does this make me a crossdresser?
Would you wear jeans that point out that you are a submissive?
How do g-string and thongs differ?
Where is a good place to buy choker sweaters?
Why does the pope of the Orthodox Church wear black and the pope of the Roman Catholic Church wear white?
Why is male cross-dressing a turn on for some women (in the West)?
Where can I sell non-branded used clothing in India?
How do I make sure that my strapless bra doesn't constantly slip down?
Which is the best place in Mumbai to buy designer lehengas at throwaway prices?
Can I train my body to be able to wear winter fashion well into spring or even summer?
Can short girls wear capri/cropped pants?
What are some fashionable shorts that I can buy in America to wear to Spain? I do not want to be seen as a tourist.
What are girls’ favourite type of knickers/panties?
Is wearing underwear in later years (like 5 years old) linked to high intelligence?
Did US soldiers wear Viet Cong clothing when going undercover for counter-ambush operations and actions?
What is a dress style?
What is your greatest risk at 20?
Why do women wear boy shorts?
Are there any Indian factories that produce prepreg carbon fiber? I need to get my dry cloth impregnated in India.
How do you bleach black clothes?
Which is the best place in Chennai to buy riding jackets?
How do ladies Barbour jackets fit?
If I farted, will it stay on my clothes or completely go after some time?
How would I prevent people from stealing so much underwear and socks at a department store?
Where can I get surplus garments in Bellary?
How do I convince my mom to wear pantyhose more often?
What should I wear blue canvas shoes with?
What face veils are worn by women in ISIL?
Why don't I like shirts with buttons or pointy collars, and why do I think men’s ties are pointless and a waste of cloth? Am I alone in feeling this way?
Can a straight guy wear a white T-shirt in America?
Where in India can I get fabric for manufacturing ladies' garments, as I'm a small-scale startup?
What kind of fabrics were used to make clothes during the 16th century in Persia?
What does it mean when a man you're dating buys you underwear?
Where can I find the best pet clothing?
What's the secret of mixing clothes to look cool and well dressed?
Should I consider novelty underwear?
Who is the best tee dropshipper in India?
Is Fashionothon selling women’s army t-shirts online?
Which are the best men’s clothing stores in India on Instagram?
What is the best push-up men's underwear?
Does Walmart sell cloth pins?
What is the difference between knickers and panties?
Where can I learn how to make baseball caps?
What colour shirt, tie and pocket square should one wear with a navy blue suit for a wedding?
Where is the best place to recline the grain after altering a pattern for trousers?
What are the chances of success in a t-shirt printing press business?
Where can I find European clothing manufacturers in Portugal?
What is a good way to make a One Direction shirt?
Which bra colour do girls generally prefer?
Do they have a dress code in Vibrant Kota?
Should I wear gray slacks with a red blouse for a job interview or red pants and a black blouse and gray sweater?
Where can you buy denim fabric at wholesale rates?
What is meant by PU leather?
Is a "strait waistcoat" the same thing as a strait jacket, or just similar?
What should I wear to a gymnastics meet?
Why do some girls enjoy showing their underwear above their trousers?
What do you think about the dress code in your college?
How should I wear the linen top?
Why are we required to wear skirts?
Why are cargo shorts so comfortable?
Where can I get Ralph Lauren shirts in Bangalore?
How do you get permanent marker out of clothes that have already gone through the dryer?
What is the blue part of Yurka's clothes from Evolution 2: Far Off Promise?
What colour suits blue jeans?
How do you make dhoti salwar designs?
What is the name of this T-shirt manufacturing factory in Shenzhen? https://www.everlane.com/factories/tailored-shirting
Which colour waist coat should I wear with an orange coloured shirt?
How do I style a simple black dress that is kind of casual military style?
Where in Kolkata can I get a wholesaler for our ready-made men's wear?
How can I cut and sew a blazer?
Why are the hooks of bikinis and bras different?
What is the must-have wardrobe for men?
What should I wear to the 8th grade dance?
What is the best tagline for clothing business?
Should a girl wear make up?
Why do brown clothes feel less comfortable on me and don't seem to fit as well as other clothes do?
What fabric clothing should I gift my husband for summer?
Where can I find a complete catalog of a clothing designer's work? (I'm looking for Carolina Herrera.)
Where can I find nice, affordable jewelry, cool clothing and make-up?
What are your daily routine problems (ex. like tying your shoe or a pile of clothes stacked on your chair)?
How do I start a garments business in Bangladesh?
What do vegan men in LA wear? Where do they get their clothes?
Why wear a cross if you don't even practice Christianty?
Why do people buy cheap MDF bookcases?
How should a mature woman dress?
What shoes do I wear to the gym?
What companies make up the supply chain of cotton textile products?
How many t-shirts do I need to wear to match the average temperature of the Sahara desert?
What's the school/boarding school in Delhi with a red and grey striped/checked skirt and white shirt?
How much investment for a small t-shirt printing business need?
Is casual wear okay for a wedding?
Where can I shop for good quality, fashionable but affordable (non-designer) shoes?
What colors for a blouse top do American people like best?
Should grown men wear overalls?
Where can I buy cheap sneakers?
Which colour shirt would suit a pair of camel-colour pants?
Where can I shop for Jaipuri Raprons and long skirts online?
Do polo shirts look good with sweat pants?
Why did Germans like to wear monocles?
How much water is used in manufacturing of a worsted wool suit?
How do you make a minimalist wardrobe for a woman?
Why does underwear have so much importance?
Do people buy similar colored and patterned clothes?
Why do so many male historians on British TV wear a blue cotton shirt and cream chinos?
What should you wear when you are going to a night executive program and a night casual program?
When Western clothes can come India then why can't Indian wears like​ suit and sarees can go to Western countries?
What would look better on a heavily armed woman: a blouse with cut sleeves or with 3/4th sleeves?
As a black man (tall) I want to start wearing Korean fashion, very fond of it. Any advice? Is this even possible?
For situations where a dress code is based on gender, what do nonbinary people wear?
Do I need a tech pack for manufactures to make custom suits?
How do we keep our leather shoes or leather things in good shape?
Why do Indians swim in all of their clothes?
What colour underwear matches a blue push up bra?
Are there any clothing companies that make clothes for people with sensory issues?
Why does shein.com sell clothes at cheaper rates?
Where can I buy a pink cardigan and pink leggings?
What is the best surfing underwear for men?
Why do so many people in the US wear the American flag as apparel even though the US Flag Code says it shouldn't be worn as an article of clothing?
How can I identify the importers of knitted garments in Malaysia?
Why do my shirts always come out of the dryer with the sleeves the wrong side out?
Which place is most famous for jeans and pants in India?
Is it a sin according to the Bible for men to wear leggings?
What colour should brown girls wear?
Who has the better quality and reputation among online custom suit makers: Oliver Wicks or Indochino?
Can they track me down if I made an accidental/unintentional ‘clothing exchange’ at a store? I was not caught but I’m scared.
How should I wear long semi transparent cardigan?
Has India sold itself for a pair of jeans?
Can I wear a round-neck, full sleeve t-shirt with a polo t-shirt over it?
What is a Smart Fabric, and how are they used?
What happens if I violate TCS dress code policy?
What is the best way to get rid of static on my clothes? I tried the tissue paper thing and it absolutely did not work.
Is Xclusiveoffer selling men’s army T-shirts online?
Why do people choose to wear skinny jeans while a regular fit looks good and feels comfortable?
Should friends judge and criticize my style all of the time and act disgusted by it?
Is Coimbatore or Tirupur the best place to buy clothes (all textiles, shirts, sarees, kurtas, etc.)?
Why is it called narrow-minded when men tell girls not to wear short skirts in public?
What are some clothing brands for short men?
Why is it uncomfortable for one who is new to wearing sarees?
How do I start my own clothing line with very little knowledge?
Why do rifle regiments wear black ranks and buttons?
Which Indian online shopping ships clothes and accessories internationally?
What kind of top will look good with a teal green silk skirt?
What colour shirts/outfits can be worn for an interview?
I have extremely wide shoulders and slim hips/legs. How do I dress proportionately?
Why did Playtex and Gerber quit making adult plastic pants?
Why do women like wearing shiny black patent leather boots?
Can a boy wear girls’ Patiala or Punjabi pyjamas?
How can you describe the different types of necklines in clothing?
Why do boys stare at girls wearing shorts but girls not stare at boys wearing shorts?
If we shouldn't care about how revealing clothes women wear, should we care about where they are wear such clothes? (Please read question description)
What is the brown paper sheet used in packing shirts called?
Which colour shirt and trousers are best for SSB?
What are some jackets that can be worn over suit while wearable during summer?
How do you stretch out t-shirt sleeves?
Would men wear skirts if no one would judge them for it?
Which shirt should I wear with a grey and red striped blazer?
How often should you wash your underwear?
Do ladies wear shoes on the gyno table?
How do I dress for an IT job?
I am opening a small clothing boutique and have picked a name but need to create a logo, where should I do this?
Where can I buy vegan t shirts in India?
Why do some boys go swimming wearing a shirt?
Why do my parents get mad at me for wearing jeans and a long sleeved shirt instead of pajamas?
What does Fukc mean, as it appears in the name of the Fukc Clothing Company?
What form of outerwear looks good with a dress shirt?
How do I "persuade" stubborn people that you only button the top button of a suit?
When do people buy polo shirts (month)?
Historically, have norms around women's professional attire been driven by men?
Where and to whom can I sell my dress designs?
Where do Depop sellers get their clothes from?
How do I buy silk fabrics?
How can I start my clothing line with just 5000 rs?
Is there any type of jacket or poncho that law enforcement can wear to make them hard to see on video?
How do I get better at dressing?
What should I wear for a festival?
Where can we get good (preferably, custom-made and not Manyavar) Indian menswear in Bangalore?
Why don't Royal Marines wear underwear when sleeping?
How can I get in contact with a wedding dress designer?
What are the competitive edges of RedTag apparel of Dubai?
How does a girl who is new to wearing a saree get comfortable with it sooner?
Is it okay not to have a button in the center of a suit jacket?
Are Muslim women bound to only one type of clothing?
Does “new digs” mean clothing?
Why do Sabarimala pilgrims wear black?
Do guys think a plain t-shirt and jeans look cute on a girl?
Which colour of blazer should a groom wear if the bride is wearing bottle green coloured saree?
How can I properly use a boned bodice?
Japan has a new shape wholesale regular school girls jacket?
What clothes are appropriate for a Google internship?
