How do I apply for a comedy writing job?
How do I get people to read my comedy blog?
Was William Shakespeare the first person to use “your momma is so fat” joke insults about people's mothers?
What types of comedy does Aspies use?
Will Sunil Grover return to The Kapil Sharma show so that everything will be the same again?
Is Jerry Seinfeld respected by his colleagues?
What is the funniest life tip you ever received?
Which is the best K-drama (romantic comedy/school kids) of 2016 and 2017?
Is there room for humor or irony in our answers?
Is it harder to become a clean stand up comedian?
What is the funniest work place joke you've ever heard or read?
What is the funniest Chinglish you've seen?
When someone makes a joke and nobody laughs, is it because the joke is not funny or do we just have a less of a sense of humour?
What are some comedy duet scenes?
What is your favorite science joke?
What have your most humorous encounters with Siri been like?
What is the funniest thing that has ever happened in a Model United Nations you have been to?
How do I get invited to a Kapil Sharma show?
What is the funniest thing you have ever found in someone's search history?
What do you think of the divine comedy?
What do Turks think about Erdem Aslan and his choice to go to Vietnam?
What are punny jokes?
How does one practice TV/comedy writing?
What was your experience when you went to The Kapil Sharma Show?
What is the best “the bass dropped harder than…” joke you have ever come across?
We just passed Tomb-Sweeping Day. Do you have something funny?
Which is the funniest ever Jargon/Leitmotif you have heard?
What is the meaning of "Aao kabhi haveli pe"? Why is it funny?
What is the worst/funniest thing in this world?
Which are some of the funniest maps?
What are the funniest blogs of 2017?
What are your Chandigarh-related funny experiences?
What is the name of that app which makes funny pictures and videos?
Regarding stand-up comedy, do you have to pay to do an open mic?
What are examples of comedy monologue?
Who is the most best overrated standup comedian in India?
Why is Kevin McCarthy's joke about Russian payments to Trump not funny?
Do people like to watch comedy?
What is the funniest thing you heard from your girlfriend?
How do I start doing stand-up comedy? I need some pointers.
Do you have a funny original story that I can add to my stand-up comedy show ?
How are stand up comedy acts done?
Why do I feel like I have heard every joke?
What was the funniest comeback line you have ever said?
Will Sunil Grover forgive Kapil Sharma if Kapil’s mother asks him to do so?
Why isn't Saturday Night Live as funny as Stephen Colbert or Seth Meyers?
Do you believe Amy Schumer did or did not steal jokes and why?
Where can I find a video of a typical jerk’s behavior? I'm curious and find this funny.
Why do some people dislike stand-up comedy?
What are the features of a typical Shakespearean historical tragedy and comedy?
How can I develop a witty sense of humour?
What will the future hold for Kapil Sharma on television, now that his co-stars have left the show?
Is Bill Maher a comedian or political commentator?
How do I get passes for the Kapil Sharma show?
What do you normally find funny but most would be offended by?
Is sarcasm the best form of comedy?
Why do people find bike accidents funny?
What are some funny things to whisper?
What are the types of comedies that are not allowed in some cultures?
What is the funniest thing you have seen someone do in a store?
What does it say about liberals that if someone in the GOP made homophobic jokes like Colbert does, those jokes would suddenly be offensive?
How do you know if you have an inappropriate sense of humor?
Was Jimmy Breslin the only writer who was not an actor, musician, comic, etc. to host Saturday Night Live?
What is the funniest folder name you have in your computer?
What are some funny, clean, blonde jokes?
What is the funniest tweet of 2017 so far?
What are the funniest Malayalam memes you've ever seen?
What are the most popular topics in stand-up comedy?
Can you give an example of subtle humor?
Why do people think that comedians are naturally funny when they have writers that create their jokes and then test them on audiences?
What is considered funnier, a British or an American sense of humour (humor)?
What is a standup pouch?
Would you rather read tragic works than comedy?
What are the best (funny, touching, etc.) incidents in the Delhi Metro?
What are the funniest songs ever?
What is the song played in comedy central April 2017 ad?
Is it ok to be a little casual in interviews and show some sense of humour?
What happened to Kapil Mishra finally?
Why are more people disliking the Kapil Sharma Show?
What is the kinkiest joke you ever made?
What is the best comedy and romantic anime in 2016?
What are the topics for stand up comedy?
What has been your funniest experience/encounter in a lift?
Why do people in high school make jokes about depression?
What are some of the good crime comedy movies to have been released post 2000?
Is it okay to joke about sensitive topics?
What is your favorite inside joke? No explanation needed.
How can I make a funny prank video?
What is the funniest thing you have ever done in school?
What is the funniest thing you can possibly write today on Quora?
How many people can come in The Kapil Sharma Show?
Who is the most humorous person in India?
When and how did stand up comedy get mainstream attention in India?
Why is breaking the 4th wall such a successful technique in comedy?
What are the best jokes you have ever come across?
Why is flat-out racism against white people a popular topic in stand-up comedy? What's funny about it?
How different would the upcoming poetry book “Whistling Silence” be if Phoebe Buffay and Ted Mosby were to contribute to it?
Is there any advice for new standup comedians?
What are the best jokes? (It can be about anything)
What is meta humor?
What was the funniest reaction to a message from the enemy by a general?
What did Sunil Grover do after leaving the Kapil Sharna show?
Why do some SNL cast members get so little airtime?
How do comedians measure their time on stage?
Which are the funniest x photos you have ever seen?
What is the funniest thing you have done in school?
Who is better: Raju Srivastava or Kapil Sharma?
What kind of microphone Kapil Sharma uses in his show?
What are some hilarious jokes about chemistry?
What is the most funniest video you watched?
Is there a conservative equivalent to shows like The Late Show or Last Week Tonight?
Do you find that modern comedies are more cringey?
What are some funny experiences involving Oxford?
What are some humorous Sean Kernan answers?
Where can I sell my dark humor?
Is there a "Nazi humour"?
What are good Trump jokes lately?
Does anyone not like Bill Hicks? If so, why?
What is the issue between Krushna Abhishek and Kapil Sharma?
Are there really people with no sense of humour?
What is your question? How can I make money from comedy and skits?
Is it too late to start doing stand-up comedy in your mid-40s?
What is a funny joke, about anything?
What type of sense of humor do doctors have?
What was so funny about the Joker's joke in "The Killing Joke" that made Batman laugh? Isn't it an old joke?
What's the funniest thing you've heard a student say?
Is laughing because you think something is funny an emotion?
Which guest laughed the hardest on The Kapil Sharma show?
What's the most funny communication?
Will Dr Mushoor Gulati be appearing in the future, whether on The Kapil Sharma Show or on any new/other show?
Is it a good idea to start a stand-up comedy club in Chandigarh?
What are some backstage secrets of the show Comedy Sharma with Kapil?
What is the funniest restaurant experience you've ever had?
Do Americans find British humour funny?
What are some of the worst/funniest/most ridiculous edit suggestions you've gotten?
Who is better comedian between Raju Shrivastava and Kapil Sharma?
What jokes are so dumb, they’re actually funny?
What is the funniest, most absurd excuse for not turning in a project you have ever heard?
What is something incredibly funny you've experienced or seen or heard about?
What was the funniest unintentional 'accident' you've ever seen during a play?
How do comedians record their acts on video at Canvas Laugh Club ?
What are three clean jokes that everyone must know?
What is the easiest way to develop your sense of humor?
What is the best joke you have ever had?
What are some of the funniest excuses teachers have heard from students?
What are some funny humour?
What percentage cut does a comedian take when he performs at comedy clubs in America? What the types of revenue split arrangements generally?
What is the funniest thing you have done whilst doing your homework?
How can I increase my sense of humour, if I'm not much good at cracking jokes or laughing at another's joke?
Why is the truth so funny sometimes?
Can you share some funny NDA lingoes?
What are the funniest messages you've received as a delivery man or woman?
Why are UFOs mentioned frequently in Australian comedy?
How often do well established comedians like Vir Das or Biswa go to an open mic?
Where can I watch the video of Shikhar Dhawan & Ishant Sharma's episode on Comedy Nights with Kapil?
How does humor or what is interpreted as "funny" differ culturally around the world?
What are some of the funniest photographs ever?
Are the stand-up scenes in Louie real?
How can I get 1,000 subscribers to my comedy channel if I don't want to do non-vegetarian jokes?
Is there any difference between anti-sentimental comedy and farce?
What is Oscar Wilde's message in the Importance of Being Earnest? (With regards to aestheticism, gender, religion, morality, Victorian society)
What was the funniest reaction of a commander to a message from the enemy?
What are some Indian YouTube comedians who don't use adult language?
What inspired you to leave your day job and pursue a career in stand-up comedy?
Is a joke still a joke if you have to point to it and say, "This is a joke" for people to get that it is a joke, and/or get the joke itself?
Are women less funny than men?
What are some of the best humorous literatures?
What is the funniest thing you did when you were drunk?
What is the funniest thing you saw on the internet?
Is it bad that I want a girlfriend who jokes as much as I do?
How do you handle all of the jokes about Canada?
Is Chuck Norris over-hyped? What if he reads this?
Why don't we have a comedian like Bill Burr in India?
Do the people in Chelm mind the jokes about them?
What is the funniest or worst recommendation letter you have ever seen?
What political affiliation do most comedians consider themselves?
What is a joke that two prison guards would joke about?
How can you tell sarcasm or statements on Quora as a joke?
What TV comedy series tops the chart for you?
Do comedians fake/set up call outs from the audience?
What did Sidhu say in The Kapil Sharma Show?
How do you improve sense of humor?
What is the funniest video you have ever seen on YouTube that made you laugh really hard?
What is the funniest insult you've heard in college?
What are some French jokes?
What are the best comedy Duos?
What are some short jokes that make you laugh?
Do you think comedians should be allowed to make jokes on sensitive issues?
Does Stephen Colbert lean a bit towards the left, or is it just normal for comedians to make fun of Trump?
What are some funny team names?
What was the Ghazal Shaan song in the Kapil Sharma show?
What is the funniest thing you said with no regret?
Why are jokes immune to plagiarism? We don't cite the source of a joke, and the creators don't get credit. Yet, it was authored just like prose.
What are some examples of funny toasts?
What is the funniest thing you have posted on Tumblr?
How do sound effects affect the comedic value of a film or show?
What are some exercises to make witty answers? How does one do it?
Who is the best comedian in Mithila?
Who is the greatest comedian of all time? Is it Kevin Hart?
How can one pursue a career in comedy in India? How do you start performing and gain popularity?
What kind of jokes would a fan of absurdist comedy produce?
What is the best way to convince Sunil Grover to come back in The Kapil Sharma Show?
What is the funniest thing that has happened to your family?
Can you tell me any funny/good/memorable Minor League Baseball stories?
I mean, why can’t we have some live national comedy events in Bhubaneswar?
What's the funniest thing that happened to you today?
How can a joke-lover download jokes for free?
"This mission is a joke!" does it mean the mission is extremely easy or hard?
What are the funniest breakups ever?
Which is the funniest intelligent humor?
What is the funniest experience you had in high school?
What are the most memorable action comedies movies so far?
How is stand up comedy as a profession?
What is the funniest joke you've ever heard at school?
What's the funniest bad joke you know?
Why does Jimmy Kimmel's audience profile pedestrian guests? Is it racism?
Does it indeed hurt the ego and feelings of the rare talented young men in underdeveloped countries when some lunatic makes nonsense jokes about them?
Why is Patton Oswalt such an unfunny hack?
What is the funniest Passover video you have seen or made for 2017?
Why are some jokes funny but others not funny?
Is attending a fun park really funny?
What is the funniest workplace joke you've heard or read?
What are some funny stories of finding who was stealing your lunch?
What is your funniest school story?
What are the best "computer guy" jokes you want to share?
Why did "Damn Daniel" become viral when it isn't even funny?
If a group of necrophiliacs walked up on a mob of zombies, who would be chasing who?
How do you get booked on comedy shows?
Is there such a thing as good or bad sense of humour?
What were some comedy highlights of/ tributes for NZ/Australian comedy legend John Clarke, who died in April 2017?
What is the funniest thing that you have read on Quora?
What are the most funny and idiotic crimes and criminals you've heard about?
What is one Yo Momma Joke that would shut your friends up?
What is the best/funniest Kahoot nickname you've ever seen or had?
Is fake laughing still good for you?
What is the best joke you have seen or heard in your whole life?
What's the best high suspense anti-climactic jokes with no punchline?
What is the most funny incident you came across?
If someone made a funny comedy movie about your life, which part of the story would be the funniest and why?
Where is ‘The Kapil Sharma Show’ organised?
What are some dirty things you have done over the past years?
What are the best comedian movies of all time?
How would a conversation between Matthew Perry and Jim Carrey be?
What's the funniest photoshopped image you've seen?
What are good cafes to organize an open mic standup comedy event in Udaipur?
What is the source of WhatsApp jokes?
How does teen movie comedy stay relevant?
Is GoAnimate ever going to revive the old themes (Comedy World, Lil’ Peeps, etc.)?
How does The Onion strike the balance between funny and not too offensive?
Is it ok if my boyfriend and I don't have the exact same sense of humor?
What is the funniest southern joke?
Is it anti-gay to not appreciate the comedy act of Eddie Izzard?
How low should my I.Q. be to laugh at Kapil Sharma’s jokes?
What is the worst possible joke you can come up with off the top of your head?
Are intelligent animals like dogs capable of appreciating physical comedy, e.g. slapstick?
What is the funniest thing your sister has done?
When will Akshay Kumar come to Kapil nights next?
How do I become a comedian in under 2 weeks?
Which serial is the best comedy serial in 2017?
How do I become funny like Kenny Sebastian?
What is it like to be in the audience when Kaun Banega Crorepati, the Kapil Sharma Show, or any other show on TV is being filmed?
What is kept secret behind Kapil Sharma’s show backstage?
What’s the funniest thing your parents have told you?
What is the most funniest blog you have ever heard?
What are the funniest things you have seen people do in a seminar?
What is the funniest thing you've done after getting drunk?
How​ do I develop sense of humour which can work for boys as well as girls?
Is it useful to read the Divine Comedy?
Why are most of the stand-up comics in India atheists?
What is your favorite sex joke?
What is the funniest thing that has happened to you or someone you know in a middle school Spanish class?
What's the price of 'The Kapil Sharma' show?
Who thinks babies are funny?
Is India loosing its humour?
What is the song in the "Summer is in" commercial on Comedy Central in India?
If you were asked to pass on just ONE comedy movie to the new generation of your country, which would it be?
Is Tamil comedian Vadivelu famous internationally?
What are the most funny jokes in your country?
What are some funny things in the southwest?
Am I too old to start stand-up comedy? I'm 37 years old, should I bother?
What are some awesome shayaris for Indian politics?
Who are the most famous Comedians in Odisha?
Is math funny?
With so many up-and-coming stand up comedians, which is the one comedian that you find the best and most relatable?
What are some of the funniest leave applications that make you laugh out loud?
What is the funniest thing you have seen at a party?
How do I give a stand up comedy open mic performance in Bangalore?
What are the best short comedy monologues?
Is Hanie funny?
Who is the best comedian, Kapil Sharma or Sunil Grover?
What are some funny facts about Hyderabad?
Why don't people laugh at their friends' jokes to humor them even if they don't find them that funny?
What is humour according to you?
What is some of the darkest humor around?
Should we cut Kapil Sharma some slack for what he did to Sunil Grover?
What is the most funny line you have ever heard from someone?
What are some of the funniest events that took place in history?
How can I grow my sense of humour?
What is the funniest cartoon logic you have ever seen?
So I am really, really bad at sarcasm, both in recognizing it and in making sarcastic jokes. How can I improve my sarcasm game?
How do I handle doing comedy throughout a date, a little bit or a lot?
Do stand-up comedians write all of their own material, or do some hire ghostwriters for material?
What setting or backstory for a sitcom would you like to see that hasn't been done before?
What are the differences among satire, sarcasm, irony and dark comedy?
What are some good comedy and “Slice of Life” anime?
How much do comedians get paid for a Netflix special?
Why do they sneak in hidden adult jokes in children's shows if the children would find those scenes confusing?
What is the best comedy fight with friends?
What's your favorite joke involving not giving a fuck?
What is the contact number or email ID of the Indian stand-up comedian, Kunal Kamra?
What is the difference between a comedian and a stand up comedian?
Why do Germanic people (without UK) have a blunt sense of humour usually?
What was the most funny thing happened in your life?
Where can I get what Kapil Sharma is wearing in this picture?
What are the best "You see Ivan" jokes?
What are Betzalel Shapiro's favourite comedians and what type of comedy does he like to write?
Do you think people saying "triggered" as a joke is funny?
What was the ghazal shaan sang on the Kapil Sharma Show?
What is the funniest insult you have heard/overheard in your school/workplace?
What is a funny experience you had at the Doctor's office?
What's the funniest joke you've heard this year?
What is a long joke about a bee and a lion?
What are some funny history jokes?
What are some risqué jokes that are hilarious?
What are some good stand up comedy acts?
What are some of the best books that begin as a comedy but develop a serious tone as they proceed?
Trump is a beloved target of funny jokes. Can he, himself, laugh at such jokes?
What was the funniest thing that happened to you while traveling in a Mumbai Metro?
When I should use my Sense of Humour?
Has anyone ever lost their sense of humour? How do you get it back?
Why do Corgis' ears stand up?
What is a good short chemistry joke?
Is there anyone who still thinks Kapil Sharma is the best? Because I do.
Does insecurity affect your humor?
What's your most hilarious IT support experience?
Who is who in the Joker's joke in the end of "The Killing Joke"?
Why do some comedians seem to never laugh?
Can women find a male comedian funny if they are sexually repulsed by him?
Can you describe the funniest or the stupidest thing you have done, in a single line?
What are the best Hindi nonveg jokes?
Are there any topics that a stand-up comedian should avoid, or should they have free reign to joke about anything?
What are some good TV shows that have a lot of comedy, less sex (preferably none) and no obvious pandering to a demographic (subtle if anything)?
How do you know when comedy has crossed the line? Is there a line?
Which weird Mustafa shoes are shown in The Kapil Sharma Show?
How can I Make My laugh less?
What was the tallest top hat ever worn in the 1800s that was neither intended as a joke nor taken as a joke/attracted any undue attention?
Have you ever found out terrible news and wished it was just a bad joke?
What's the funniest thing about women other than they think they're so special?
What is the funniest credential you've seen on Quora?
Is Kapil Sharma making fools of us?
How does a child develop the sense of humour common to their country/area?
Is there any room for a sense of humor in the military?
Would you watch a buddy-comedy with Jake Gyllenhaal & Ryan Reynolds?
What is the price of a ticket for The Kapil Sharma Show?
Which is the best adult funniest movie?
What’s a career in comedy like?
What kind of comedy skits can be done for an audience of mentally challenged people?
What is the funniest thing that happened to you or someone else while playing the drums?
Why do people obsess over people like Lele pons and Amanda cerny?
Why are Jim Carey's good comedy films poorly received by critics?
Is a sense of humor and being witty a form of intelligence?
What is Kapil Mishra really trying to do?
What is the funniest thing you thought in your college days?
Will Kapil Sharma be able to survive in the industry if he is thrown out of The Kapil Sharma Show, as reports have suggested?
What is a good way to combine my passions for engineering and comedy?
What are some Spanish comedy series?
What are some funny placebo effects that fooled you or someone you know?
What is the funniest situation you have ever been in/noticed?
How do I entertain people online without comedy?
What do you think about Kapil Mishra?
If you had a radio on the moon could you get a signal? Could you listen to earth radio on the moon?
Why is "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead" a comedy?
What is the funniest reply to this question, “Why would you kill yourself for another person”?
Is humor sexist by design?
How can one be a man with a good sense of humor?
What is the wittiest/funniest comeback you have ever come up with?
Why did the BBC comedy "Pramface" end?
Which are the best comedy Gujarati Natak?
Could God have a sense of humor?
Is there any way to scientifically rank stand-up comedians by how funny they are?
What is the best joke on cricket that you have ever heard?
What is the funniest thing you have seen someone eating whilst they were cycling or skateboarding?
Why do people think Samantha Bee is funny?
What is the funniest thing that happened at a relative’s wedding?
Have you ever actually laughed at a knock-knock joke? If so, what was it?
What is the funniest encounter you've had on guard duty?
What is the best joke you have ever heard, or faced, in your life?
What were comedians first sets like?
Is it possible for an atheist vegan who does crossfit to go 10 minutes without telling someone about it?
Is there a word for the circumstance when you force yourself to laugh even though your freind's joke is not funny at all?
Why do we sometimes find breaking taboos funny and sometimes deplorable?
Why is Guillermo willing to play the fool for white man's social alpha status on Jimmy Kimmel?
In the comedy special Baby Cobra by Ali Wong, where can I find the background music when Ali Wong is going on the stage?
When and why were "laugh tracks" used in sitcoms? When and why were they not used?
When was a time that you farted and blamed someone else, or vice versa?
Why isn't SNL funny anymore?
What is the best joke or cartoon that can actually make people laugh out loud?
What's a mandingan and what makes it funny?
Which of these Kapil Sharma's TV shows is the best and why: Comedy Nights With Kapil or The Kapil Sharma Show?
What was the most insulting joke Don Rickles made, and to whom?
What are some stories that you think will make me laugh?
Which is your favorite adult joke?
How do you write a comedy monologue?
Why does comedy make fun of serious things? Doesn't it make us accept those bad things instead of changing them? I say this in light of sitcoms.
How is The Kapil Sharma Show doing after the spat with Sunil Grover?
What are some funny dirty jokes you can tell at an office party?
Are there a lot of funny people in Berlin?
Why are modern comedies just plain stupid?
What are examples of weird and funny phrases?
What are some humor and joke related AI projects (AI that writes jokes)?
What is the most funny thing that you have read on Quora?
Are the audience reactions in The Kapil Sharma show scripted?
Are any shows as funny as The Office?
What are the funniest things you assumed about college life?
Why do we find things funny?
What is your lamest joke?
What are some extremely funny videos?
Who would be called a pioneer of stand-up comedy in India?
Which country is the funniest?
What are some API for Fun/Jokes/Funny Gif?
What makes someone funny?
What is the funniest pickup line you have ever heard?
Why is there a sudden increase in stand-up comedians on YouTube?
Which is the best Bengali comedy drama?
What are some funny facts about Ashok Dinda?
What are some CA jokes?
How do I be more naturally funny?
What's the funniest video on the Internet?
How much was The Kapil Sharma Show affected, after Sunil Grover left?
What if Trump went on Saturday Night Live?
What is the funniest ad you have seen?
What is the funniest thing you have ever heard a budgerigar, or a parrot say?
What are some funny jokes about periods?
What are the qualities which make a good sense of humour?
What is the funniest medical emergency you've ever heard of?
Do you know where I can buy an oversized condom for a comedy skit?
Did the creators of Seinfeld intentionally leave out those serious shows some comedies often have?
Which one movie scene made you laugh out loud?
Have you ever turned a joke around on someone?
Do you have any funny Envirothon stories?
What is the funniest non-English accent you have ever heard?
Is Kapil getting too respectful in his show?
What is that funniest thing you ever had with a friend and laughed a lot?
What do you call an elaborate tall story which ends abruptly for comedic effect?
What are some of the funniest means of transportation seen in a drive-thru?
What are some examples of funny malapropisms?
How can I improve my comedy skills?
Why is it so hard to explain when something is funny?
Who is the funniest female comedian in 2017?
What is a joke that you tell all the time?
What is the best quip you've ever heard/made?
Has Bill Maher ever insulted someone to their face on his show the way he did to Brian in Family Guy?
What is the funniest joke you have ever seen or heard?
Is it correct to say "People will need to understand and join in on British humour"?
Who is Kapil Mishra?
Why can't Indians take jokes?
What is the funniest joke, so that I may die due to laughter?
What's the funniest question or answer on Quora?
Is it worth going to see a stand-up sitting by myself?
How can we define humor?
What are the funniest or most sarcastic answers teachers have ever received?
What would be the best way to do a Facebook Live comedy show?
What are examples of humorous proverbs?
Where do accomplished comedians (like Russell Peters) go for open mics?
How do the late night comedians create their material so quickly?
What are the funniest internet reviews you've ever found about Haribo sugar-free gummy bears?
Who is the most overrated standup comedian in India?
What are some comedy styles which are distinct and which are suited to particular comedians of any genre?
Why is it that jokes are made about engineers while it is one of the toughest courses?
What are the reasons for the success of Indian stand up comedians in spite of being fairly mediocre?
Can you name the best stand-up comedians according to you of which I can find videos easily?
What are the funniest bot jokes on Quora?
Why do people think Amy Schumer is funny?
What is your best celebrity joke?
What kind of jokes are funny in China?
What happened to Pat Cassels from CollegeHumor?
How do I deal with a person with an extreme sense of humour?
What are some jokes you know?
What is the single greatest anti joke of all time?
What is the funniest thing you saw your sibling(s) saying?
What was your funniest moment on Quora?
What is your favorite episode of Comedy Nights with Kapil and why?
Did you fart and glue it to your seat?
Does Kapil Sharma copy Omar Sharif’s jokes?
Can I find a stand-up comedy club in Bangalore?
Is it bad my boyfriend and I don't have the exact same sense of humor?
What amazing things can I do funny at home?
What is the weirdest or funniest thing to happen to you while travelling in Kolkata Metro?
What's the funniest photo you've seen on the internet?
What are some jokes that only a physicist would understand?
What's the meme where guys are popping balloons with Minecraft music blaring?
What is the funniest meme you've ever seen?
What is the funniest accidental thing you've had a teacher say?
How would you describe the comedy style of Rick and Morty?
What is the funniest thing that keeps you laughing?
What are some of the best/funniest jokes in bad movies?
What is the funniest thing you've heard someone say that was meant to be serious?
Have the TRP ratings of the Kapil Sharma show fallen after the fight between Kapil Sharma and Sunil Grover?
What kind of mainstream humor do you find loathsome?
Where do you find funny things online? How do you search for and consume funny jokes, videos, and images?
Could anyone allude an existentialist philosopher with stand up comedy Sebastian Maniscalco?
What is the best sex joke you ever made?
Why was Ron Reagan asked to host Saturday Night Live in February 1986?
How does a humour-lover download humour for free?
What are the most funny essay titles?
What are the best comedy series to watch?
What are your funniest texting fails?
What are the best WWII jokes?
Why do most teachers have no sense of humor?
What are some of the best (worst) jokes and riddles?
What are some of the funniest things someone has done that keeps you laughing (clean topics only please)?
What are some good jokes to tell when hosting a talent show?
What is the funniest joke you've heard to date?
What is the farthest you've ever gone for the sake of a joke?
Which is the funniest comedy sitcom today?
Is a little pinch of comedy mandatory in all genre of South Indian movies?
What is the cost of The Kapil Sharma Show?
What are the most funniest photos you've seen ever?
Why is Neil Simon called the "The King of Comedy"?
What other Quorans make good dick jokes?
What are the funniest things you do without showing anyone?
What's the funniest thing someone has said whilst under the influence of anaesthetic or morphine?
What’s the best joke you know?
What is the greatest short joke you know or have heard?
How is Nehrik Umashankar able to make so many hilarious jokes?
How can I see The Kapil Sharma Show in Mumbai?
How do you access your sense of humor when your mind feels full of fog and tears?
Is India ready for roast comedy yet, or will some part of the society still get offended no matter what?
Is the audience in SNL all performers?
Is there any good fan fiction similar to "A Black Comedy" on Fanfiction.net?
What are some examples of Stan Laurel's 'nonsensical understatement'?
What are prospects of a comedy movie on subject of expansion of universe and Big Bang?
Which family comedy TV show had a scene where the father is arrested, calls his wife from jail, & she claims he is taking the night off from the kids?
What are the funniest mistake ever?
How do you deliver a joke to maximize humor?
Is there a way to watch all the episodes of Saturday Night Live from at least the past 10 years online?
What is the best joke you recall hearing?
How do I know if someone understood my joke?
What is it like to be the funny person in a group?
What are examples of comedy scenes from plays?
How do you stop struggling to find things funny?
Who will support Sunil Grover for his better comedy shows with Bollywood?
Which are your top 5 comedy movies?
How hard is it to be a comedian?
Which one movie scene made you not just happy, but made you laugh?
What's a short, clean joke that gets a laugh every time?
Are there any comedy clubs in Ranchi?
Whats the funniest thing you ever seen your mom do?
What is the one joke that made you laugh, at a time that you were sad?
What messed up things have you done to people before?
How good is it to be on the The Kapil Sharma Show?
If two vegans are arguing, is it still called 'beef'?
Why are circles so funny?
How many days does 1 episode take in Kapil Sharma?
How do I sound funny? I know jokes, I have humourous content for myself, but whenever I try to present it, it never sounds funny.
Who are your favourite comedy YouTubers?
What is a brief bio of EIC comedians?
Which is the best comedy movies in Punjabi?
What is the funniest thing someone said to your teacher?
What are the differences and similarities between comedy and philosophy?
What type of joke do you hate most?
How can I be funnier?
What's the funniest or most clever name you've given to your dog(s)?
What is the funniest skit or standup that you've ever seen?
What is the funniest 'Try not to laugh challenge(s)’?
What are some good action, comedy and shounen anime?
What are some must watch Polish romantic comedy movies?
What are the funniest reimbursement claims you have ever rejected?
What is the funniest or most sad example of a faulty assumption someone you have encountered has made?
Can autistic people be successful comedians?
What are some funny/comedy Kannada old songs?
Is Mr. Show with Bob and David - "The Story of Everest" episode - the funniest thing in the history of mankind? If not, what is?
How many dick jokes have you memorized?
Who are some funny writers on YourQuote?
Why isn't there a notable right wing comedian like Bill Maher?
How much does Russell Peters cost for an event?
What's the best books about what humans find funny?
What is the best joke you have ever heard or made in your life?
What's the funniest Quora glitch you've seen?
How do I develop good sense of humour?
What is the best title for a comedic, mystery, love drama?
Could stand-up comedian George Carlin's idea about the earth being able to easily withstand all the plastic waste be true?
I don't want my question merged. What is your favorite joke?
Can comedy make you more intelligent?
What are the best comedic routines against Islam?
Any good movies I should try? (Fantasy, adventure, comedy)
What is the meaning of Kapil?
Why do we find some jokes funny while other jokes irritating?
What is the exact word in English that can be used to describe a scene that makes me laugh in comedy?
How can comedians talk about their illegal actions without getting in trouble?
How can I make an audience laugh when hosting?
Who are the most overrated standup comedians of all time?
What is the advantage of having a classmate who shares the same name with you?
Is Sharknado funny?
What is the funniest thing you or someone has said during a serious time?
Who is the funniest teacher you have had?
What is the best joke you have heard in your lifetime?
How much does an Indian stand-up comedian (say, Zakir Khan or Kenny Sebestian) earn through stage performances?
Would "Finding Hoarders" be a better title than "American Pickers"?
What are some jokes to make when hosting a talent show?
What is the funniest and most underrated movie ever?
What is something funny to do in a talent show?
Why do so many people understand and love comedy while some don't get it at all?
How do I write a funny play?
Which are the best adult comedy movie in Bollywood?
What are examples of jokes and riddles for adults?
Is there a formula for humor?
Has the TRP of the show "The Kapil Sharma show " gone down after the exit of Dr. Gulati?
What's the funniest rap you've heard or made and deserves attention?
Which are the places to join open mic stand-up comedy in Udaipur?
When in life can you say, "I am happy” or “I am the happiest person on this planet”?
What's your favorite English joke?
What are some ways to prime yourself to enjoy watching stand up comedy on TV?
What is the funniest thing a border patrol has said to you?
What did Matthew Perry mean by his peach-head joke?
What is your funny story related to condom in India?
Why didn’t Baahubali’s team go to the Kapil Sharma show?
What is your best Nazi joke?
Generally speaking, why are male comedians dorky and female comedians hot?
What would happen in today's episode of The Kapil Sharma Show, as Sunil Grover will not be present?
Should I become a private investigator or a full-time comedian?
What is the most memorable high school prank you were a part of?
How do I smile when a joke is even not funny?
What are some of the worst SNL opening monologues?
What are some of the most funny facts about Bengalis?
What are some of the funniest, yet mean insults?
Should the cast members like Sunil Grover, Ali Asgar and Chandan Prabhakar apologise to Kapil Sharma and return to The Kapil Sharma Show?
Why isn't anything actually funny?
Which is your all time favourite joke?
Which is your favorite Vadivel comedy? Why?
What is morbid humor, and what are some examples?
What are the funniest trekking/ camping stories you have?
What is the funniest and most offensive joke you have ever heard?
What is your favourite "she was only a profession's daughter but…" joke?
How do I start making inside jokes?
How do I practice playing with words to improve my sense of humor?
How do I formulate a joke quickly and hilariously?
Can I watch “SNL” in India?
Is it alright for a person to try stand up comedy even if he's not able to make people around him laugh?
What is the difference between comedy of manners and comedy of humor in English literature?
Can you guys recommend me some incredibly funny stories to read?
What are some very funny tweets?
What are your top 3 movies that always make you laugh?
What is the funniest failure you've ever seen?
How would I know if I have the callibre of being a stand up comedian?
What is the funniest joke you've read or seen?
How does the Kapil Sharma Show affect society?
Why is there no question paper called “joke”?
Why are there more dick jokes than vagina jokes?
Was Charley Chase’s 1926 silent comedy produced by Hal Roach?
How do you make failing funny?
What is the impact on Kapil Sharma Show after Grover's exit?
What is a joke or fun story you like the most?
How can you attract women when you don't have a sense of humour?
Do you tailor your stand up act towards bookers/TV?
What is the most liked adult comedy in India?
What's the funniest thing a woman did or said that turned you on to her?
What is the funniest food name you have heard?
Is it important to bring the humor in our life if we want to develop our sense of humor?
How can I become the best comedy actor?
Are the people sitting at the tables listening to Jerry Seinfeld's standup routine in the sitcom, real people or extras/actors?
When did you have the perfect joke for a situation but the wrong audience to understand it?
Which are the funny Hindi sitcoms?
Why do Indians make jokes about engineers?
What are the funniest photo of mistakes?
What is the best anime series in the comedy genre?
Do you know some really good white jokes?
What is the connection between the stand-up comedy community and Nucleya? They all seem to be promoting him and his works!
I am planning to start regular stand-up open mics in Chandigarh. How many people would be interested in such an event?
Do a lot of people find stand up comedy having less effect on them as they age?
What are some best YouTube video jokes you ever saw?
Does being funny have anything to do with intelligence?
What are the funniest things that teachers have heard from their students?
How do people who dislike toilet humor, feel when they have to use the toilet, especially defecating?
What are the funniest questions on Quora you have come across?
What is your favorite The Far Side comic and why?
What are some high quality comedy movies?
Can Lachha come back to the Kapil Sharma Show?
How is Bhuvan Bam funny?
What is the funniest thing you said to an adult (as a kid)?
What are some interesting and funny words like "clinomania"?
What are the funniest things that happened to you in combat?
When did Kapil cancel his shoot, and why?
What was it like to know someone who had no sense of humour?
What proportion of top comedians' revenues come from DVD specials?
How can I start doing stand-up and get methodical about it?
What is the best funny video you know?
Was Charley Chase’s 1926 comedy “Mum’s The Word” produced By Hal Roach?
What is the best joke you have ever heard and why?
Is there any other TV series which can beat The Office at comedy?
Which is the funniest Bollywood song you have ever heard?
I'm doing a YouTube comedic series on the bizarre, funny, and more on Quora. Do you have any suggestions on what topics I should cover?
How can I add comedy to my story?
Which category is more profitable in YouTube - gaming or comedy?
Doesn't Carry Minati do really cheap comedy?
Which is the best city for an Aspiring Hindi Stand Up comedian?
How do I stop being cringy/trying to be funny?
What is the work of a director in a stand-up special?
What's the funniest quote/line from literature?
Why Do we not get the Kapil Sharma Show on the internet before it airs on television?
What is the name of the new show where they get 3 comedians together to compete at who is best and insulting the others?
What is the funniest thing you have misunderstood?
Why are the Indian stand up comedians condemned for their content (even if it's good)? Why don’t Indian people take it as humor and why do they get offended?
What adult jokes did you encounter within a kids movie?
Why do all Hollywood comedy shows and serials have laughter sounds (in the background) whenever any comedy scene happens. Is it really required?
What are the most popular teenage sex comedies from the seventies and eighties?
Are Indian comedy shows more derogatory than comic?
What is the single most hilarious joke ever said/made?
What is your favorite joke to tell at parties?
What's funny in haveli?
What are some of the funny and not so funny adventures you've had with your grandparents or grandchildren?
Why is there no conservative alternative to these late night comedians?
Does anyone know of any good British comedy programs?
What are thinking jokes and riddles used for?
I'm a teen and want to pursue a career in comedy, what steps should I take right now to become successful? How can I open shows for a big comedian?
How can I become ironic and tastefully funny?
What is the relationship between black humour and intelligence?
Is there any show like The Kapil Sharma Show that exists in the world?
What are the best korien romantic and comedy series?
How can I make my sense of humor like a cup of tea?
If comedians were rappers, who would they be?
How do I trigger a feminist?
How and when was the first joke written?
How do I enhance my sense of humour?
What are sacrilegious jokes?
What are great comedy movies in English?
What are some great sense of humour you came across?
Which is the best episode of Comedy Nights with Kapil and why?
In what ways can I make a stranger laugh?
What are the funniest jokes?
What should I engrave on my plaque?
Who are your favourite comedians in the world?
Has anyone ever farted on your face?
How do I stop being cringy and trying to be funny as a teenager?
What's your funniest Odyssey of the Mind story?
What is the funniest thing you've said to someone trying to convert you?
Is it impossible to be a comedian in Philadelphia?
What are some classic jokes in Quora?
What is the funniest thing that happened to you on an airplane?
What does SNL mean?
How does someone pursue a career in comedy?
Who are your favourite comedy double acts?
What is an Australian sense of humor?
How can I improve my comedic delivery?
What is the real reason for Kapil Sharma and Sunil Grover fight?
What’s one of the funniest things that have happened to you?
Is The Kapil Sharma Show going well without Sunil Grover?
What is sense of humour?
After his recent fight with Sunil Grover, is Kapil Sharma acting like he owns everyone on his show?
What's a really funny joke that you made during a roast?
From where and how should I start if I want to do stand-up comedy (in Pune)?
Is it the end of the Kapil Sharma show?
Can you give me some examples of the Australian sense of humor?
What are the top five comedians doing stand-up in America?
What is the best joke in Norway about the Swedes?
Whar are some funny or clever ways you have dealt with bothersome neighbors?
Is it true that Sunil Grover left the Kapil Sharma show?
What is your take on The Kapil Sharma Show which was televised on 25 March 2017?
Is Sunil Grover breaking his contract by not shooting for Kapil's show?
How was Lord Krishna’s sense of humor?
Who's your favorite Indian stand up comedian?
Who is the best comedian politician of Indian democracy?
What are some good resources on understanding the mechanics of humor/comedy?
Where does humour come from?
What is the most funny first and last name combination you have ever heard?
What are some of the most entertaining stand-up acts that have grown on you?
Has Kapil Sharma played a well calculated game to change his team and bring some novelty by staging a drunken brawl with Sunil Grover?
What are some of the funniest Windows error messages you have ever seen?
What is the funniest car you have ever seen?
Who are some other vulgar and jaded comedians, who make good points, like George Carlin, Jim Jefferies and Doug Stanhope?
What are some very funny movies?
Who are the worst Indian stand up comedians?
Does having a good sense of humor increase a person's chances of getting a girl?
Why is Eric Trump frequently the punchline in jokes that involve President Trump's more visible kids? Is he that much less impressive than Donald Jr.?
What is the funniest act you have ever witnessed?
How do you feel when you see Siddhu Paji on The Kapil Sharma Show? Does it diminish his stature as a minister?
Does the Dave Chappelle comeback special change your opinion of Netflix in any way?
How do I make women laugh?
What kind of jokes from Last Week Tonight are computer generated? What kind of jokes are not?
What are some of the best jokes you have heard?
Is it possible to make a funny story in Quora?
What are some of the worst jokes you ever made?
What is the best joke you have ever said to your friend?
What is your impression from this old Soviet comedy, do you have any similar comedy in your country?
Why are people interested in Kapil Sharma vs Sunil grover fight?
Describe the funniest thing your pet has seen you do?
Why do so many Quorans have no sense of humor?
What is the thought process of famous Indian stand-up comics like Zakir, Rivaldo, Biswa, Praveen Kumar, Vipul and others to construct an amazing bit?
Do you have a good Surrealist numbers joke?
What is the funniest weapon you've seen that still does it's job?
How can I get better at writing comedy?
What are characteristics define dark comedy?
What is the funniest meme you have ever seen/heard/read?
Who was your real life comedian?
Do comedians ever get overwhelmed feeling like they have to be funny around people all the time?
What are some books about standing up yourself?
Is it good to be a funny person?
Can you tell me an extremely dark joke?
Why do we laugh when we hear a joke or see something funny?
How do I give my first stand-up comedy audition?
Some people just can't remember jokes; however, some jokes would just stick with you over time. Do you have one of these?
What is the most sarcastic comment/joke you ever heard/told?
Do people in other countries watch U.S. late night comedy shows?
Is Kapil Sharma overrated? He does nothing on his shows and has forgotten comedy. Was he better before?
Do you know any funny person?
What would be a joke that would only be funny in another language?
Do microorganisms have a sense of humor?
Do you always have to make women laugh?
What's wrong with teenager's humor?
Why do I always think that shows such as "The real housewives of X" are comedy shows, even though I know that they are not?
Why are some jokes "cheesy?"
What are some local jokes from your country?
What is the most funniest memory in your life?
Have you been to the Kapil Sharma show? What was your experience?
What is the funniest thing you have seen while driving or riding?
What are the least respected forms of comedy and why?
How can I keep an inside joke alive with my friend?
What is this type of character called?
Which song is being played in Comedy Central Women's Day advertisement in 2017?
Does being pessimistic mean not having a sense of humor?
Are people going to stop watching The Kapil Sharma Show after the latest controversy?
How does Dr. Jagdish Chaturvedi multitask as a successful doctor, serial innovator, author and a stand-up comedian?
Has Kapil Sharma really redefined the comedy on the small screen?
If you're not very funny, what are some tips for developing a better sense of humor?
Will Sunil Grover return to The Kapil Sharma Show? If not, then will it be the end of The Kapil Sharma Show and thus the end of comedy shows on TV?
If your dog is barking at the back door and your wife is yelling at the front door who do you let in first?
What happened between Kapil Sharma and Sunil Grover?
Why do you think Kapil Sharma should respect Sunil Grover?
Do you think that Sunil Grover (AKA Dr Mashoor Gulati) is right in leaving Comedy Nights over a minor insult by Kapil Sharma?
What is the funniest thing about life?
What is one funny name that was given to a guest?
What would you consider to be the main differences, between American humor and French humor?
What's the funniest thing twin boys did?
Which female comedians don't only make sex jokes?
How similar is Key and Peele's comedy format similar to the Chappelle Show's comedy format?
What is the difference between silly and humorous?
How can I stand up to a rough person?
What is the difference between Shakespearean comedy and classical comedy?
Why is Dave Chappelle funny?
How can get an entry pass for Kapil Sharma?
Do you know any funny videos where thing after thing goes wrong?
Should Kapil Sharma be down?
What is a good, short joke you like?
How do you see the future of comedy movies in Bollywood?
Which are some of the Bollywood movies which used languages for comedy?
Which is the correct form, "more funny" or "more funnier"?
Which show was more humorous "the Kapil Sharma show" or "comedy night's bachao"?
What is the funniest thing you have ever done as a kid?
Do AIB guys do stand up shows now?
What do you think of Jon Jafari (JonTron) after his recent tweets and interview(s)?
How do I start a stand up comedy as a fresher?
What jokes have you heard about American politicians?
Why do some people love black humor?
What is the funniest thing that you have heard someone did sleep walking?
Will Sunil Grover return to The Kapil Sharma Show?
How can you describe the purpose of aqueous humor?
Will Democrats decide whether Trump is dangerous or funny? Their rich pundits and richer comedians with fake news shows contradict each other.
Have you seen a funny pic of Dmitry Druzhinsky?
Which comedy movie should I watch, and why?
Is it true that Kapil Sharma raised his hand on Sunil Grover and abused him?
What are good chick-lit, comedy, and/or romance books to read that are relatively appropriate?
What will happen if Sunil Grover quits The Kapil Sharma Show?
How does comedy differ from satire?
What are the funniest or most bizarre superstitions​ you've ever heard?
Was Gazi the only Indian film without comedy and song?
How can I learn to write humor?
What are the funniest Indian tweets?
Why did people like comedy show better than history show?
Who are the actors or comedians that are found to be funny in a cocky way? Are there any women actors that come to mind?
What's the best song parody you've ever seen?
What is the funniest thing that has happened to you or that has happened in general at school?
There has been a lot of comedians who have become successful actors, but not so many musicians, why is that?
What are some good underrated comedy podcasts?
Is Tracey Ullman funny?
Is Nathan Smart the smartest comedian ever?
Are Kapil Sharma Show viewers really considered stupid?
What are some funny, witty jokes about historians?
How do I build a good sense of humour?
What are some uplifting comedy movies? (no romcoms)
What's the funniest thing that nurses have ever heard doctors say during surgery?
Shouldn't Navjot Sidhu work for the people of Amritsar instead of appearing on the Kapil Sharma show?
What are some best comedy Punjabi movies?
How did 'Santa Banta' jokes actually started or what is their source of origin?
Is Stand-Up Comedy a good place for taking a date?
What is the funniest name you have ever given to a teacher?
Why do stand-up comedians upload their content on YouTube even though they have limited content to perform on stage shows?
On average, how many jokes does a sitcom make in a minute?
What is the funniest Freudian slip you have ever heard?
What are some sick disses in holy texts of any religion?
What is the name of the song played in Comedy Central India's "All this month" ad?
Why is Pakistan so keen in making a joke of itself?
Why do so many aspiring singers turn into comedians?
What are the funniest tweets have you ever seen?
What is the best joke you've heard of with an unexpected ending/plot twist?
What is the most funny incident after having bhang in Holi?
Has political correctness and permissiveness killed comedy?
What are the truth and realities behind sarcasm and being sarcastic that most from either sides are unaware of?
What is one joke that has never gotten old?
What is it that you find funny that no one else does?
Are there any recent comedies with humour like Superbad, This Is the End, and The Interview?
What's your best computer joke cartoons?
What makes dark comedy good/funny?
What is the dumbest thing you told anyone to do and he/she done it?
What happened to the comedy clubs in the Catskills Mountains?
Which TV shows are similar to The Office (US) that have humorous comedy?
Are silent slapstick scenes in comedy films out of date? Will people sit through 3-5 minutes of physical hijinks tossed into a dialog driven film?
What are some hidden funny things in mobile apps?
Do you know a really funny joke or whimsical anecdote?
Is standup comedy a good career option?
Who creates the jokes for funny websites?
Does listening to comedians make you funnier?
What's the funniest moment, when you walked in on someone?
Do Americans understand the very English humour of comedian Harry Hill?
Why do some families like corny jokes?
Who is the best comedian of the 21st century?
What are some funny things about famous scientists?
Why is comedy such a popular genre?
Who's the actress in santhanam 's comedy?
On which day of the week is the Kapil Sharma show shot?
What is the best political joke you've heard today?
What is African and Chinese humor like?
Which is the best Vadivelu comedy that you have watched?
What are the aspects of survival of humor?
Will there be any Comedy Central Roasts in 2017?
What is your "World According to" favorite map?
What comedy guide should I read for Indian stand-up comedy?
What are some of the funniest gangster names?
Rupert Pupkin wasn't that bad as a comedian, was he?
What was the funniest corporate meeting you've ever attended to?
What is the funniest source code you have ever seen?
How do I get tickets for The Kapil Sharma Show ?
What are some funny facts about Neptune?
If you could play the perfect practical joke with an unlimited budget, what would it be?
What was the last funny joke you made about something that was happening? (i.e. not a hypothetical joke or riddle, just a funny remark or comment)
What are your favourite one-liners from Seinfeld?
Why do people enjoy watching physical comedy where people actually get hurt?
Is this video offensive to Saudi Arabians?
What are the best "that's what she said" jokes from The Office?
Who will replace Navjot Sidhu on the Kapil Sharma show?
I need recommendations for comedy series as I have watched all the good ones like Seinfeld and Cheers etc. Is there any which isn't very old?
What are some good sex comedy movies on YouTube?
What are the techniques used for Joke Writing?
When you're replacing "funny", do you say comical or comedic?
What purpose does Sidhu serve in The Kapil Sharma Show?
What are the most funny episodes in Friends?
Does Buddhists and Hindus have a sense of humor?
What do you think of disabled comedian Ally Bruener?
Is the Kapil Sharma show going to fall apart after the recent incidents of fights with Sunil Grover and Chandan Prabhakar? What are your views on this?
Why are protagonists in comedy losers (fat, single, depressed, middle-aged etc.)?
Did you experience any funny moment with kids or babies?
Phyllis Diller donated her joke library to the Smithsonian Institute. Does that make her jokes part of the public domain?
What is the funniest, side splitting, hilarious joke you have ever heard?
What is the funniest thing happened during your date with someone?
Is being funny all the time wrong?
What are the characteristics of a wicked sense of humor?
What are some of the most humorous advertisements?
How can I be funny like Trump?
What's the most repeatable line from the new Dave Chappelle comeback specials for you?
Who in your opinion was a better comedian in “Comedy Nights,” Kapil Sharma or Sunil Grover?
Is the Kapil Sharma Show going off air?
Who are the trending stand-up comics with clean material?
What does Ali Alshami think of Kapil Sharma?
Can you crack a quick joke on social media?
What is the funniest thing you have seen during an exam?
What is your favourite dirty joke?
Did Kapil Sharma really cry during shooting on the set of The Kapil Sharma Show?
What is the funniest story behind any invention?
What are some titles I can collect to have a really long title?
What are some good romance/comedy manga?
What is the most famous line in the history of Seinfeld?
How do I find upcoming Instagram comedians?
Why can't Indian comedians use clean language and do clean comedy?
Why are comedians in India subjected to degrading behavior by the general public?
Who do you think is the future of standup comedy, Abhishek Upmanyu, Kunal Kamra or Karunesh Talwar?
Should comedians be able to joke about anything?
How big is the SNL audience?
What do colleges mean when they say they do not want cliches or an "inappropriate" sense of humor on the application?
What are your views on Kapil Sharma?
Should colours start a new comedy show with Sunil Grover?
If NASA sends a probe to Uranus, why will people giggle?
Why are Oscars given to serious performances and not funny ones?
Did anyone changed his/her views about Kapil Sharma after hearing about his fight with Vidya Balan and Sunil Grover?
What kinds of things really make you laugh? Why?
What was the funniest thing you ever witnessed in your senior year at high school?
What do you, as a viewer, look for in a low budget, indie, comedy film?
What is the funniest thing you did at a mall?
How can I join The Kapil Sharma Show?
Where can I download the Comedy Central roast of David Hasselhoff?
How would you write Donald Trump's opening set for standup comedy?
Will Sunil Grover ever come back to the Kapil Sharma show?
What is the thing Kapil Sharma is wearing called?
What are your views on Kapil Sharma abusing Sunil Grover?
How has the recent attacks on standup comedians threatened the idea of free speech in India?
What are some good non-professional comedy podcasts?
Is it possible for a pudendal cleft to be funny in movies, or is it just sexual? If it cannot be funny, can a woman be as funny as a man?
What is the funniest or strangest place name you have heard?
Is Sunil Grover better actor than Kapil Sharma?
Can nigahiga become a comedy writer for TV?
What is something that you consider really funny but others don't?
Are puns an example of British humor or American humor?
Is Dr. Sanket Bhosle the latest comedy sensation, giving tough competition to Kapil?
What is your funniest experience you ever had in college?
What are some popular Suppandi stories and jokes?
How can I become a good sarcastic comedian like AIB people?
Has success gone to Kapil Sharma's head? Has it become too much of a burden for him to handle such fame?
What are some of the best underrated British comedy films that are famous or unknown?
Which is the best episode of The Kapil Sharma Show you have watched?
Why do we laugh? What is laughter? Is it some form of aggression or is it just a way to splash out negative emotions? Is it something else?
When comedians tell jokes about real tragedies, such as the Holocaust or suicides, are they taking it too far?
What are the instances of Mahatma Ghandhi's sense of humour?
How will women like me if I'm not funny?
When did you find out that you were funny?
What's the funniest thing you have ever done with your friends?
What are some comedy anime shows?
Where can I buy the I Love Lucy series in color?
What was the funniest moment of the day?
What is your best joke today?
Is Kapil Sharma forgivable?
Where can I perform a stand-up comedy show as an amateur in the San Francisco Bay Area?
What will happen to the The Kapil Sharma Show after the fight between Mr. Kapil Sharma and Mr. Sunil Grover? Whose side you are on?
Who is the girl seen in The Kapil Sharma Show in Episode 93?
What is the funniest thing you have come across while at the gym?
Who are the best Scottish comedians right now?
What are the best comedy parodies of bhajans?
What's the best counter-joke you have heard or seen?
What is the problem that is revolving around the Kapil Sharma show currently?
How would you explain to people the difference between sarcasm and other types of humor?
What do you think about my first stand-up routine?
What is Russian humor?
What is your favorite your mom joke?
Would you like to give me feedback?
Which is the best Osho joke ever?
Can you tell a joke or funny story that used to bring the house down but now is no longer funny or at least needs explaining?
How come people have started hating Kapil Sharma suddenly? Didn't they have the same thoughts before the Sunil versus Kapil clash?
What was the funniest answer you came across while checking an exam being a teacher?
What is the best comedy TV show that I can watch right now?
What is the funniest topic you have seen listed on Quora?
Of all the brilliant jokes in the Discworld series, which is your favourite?
Why is Round the Horne considered classic British comedy while Beyond Our Ken is not?
Are there any stand-up comedy open mics in London on Sunday nights?
How is My Lost Dollar by Stephen Leacock a humorous story?
Is sarcasm truly a "protest of the weak"?
What are some Indonesian jokes?
What are some of the best comedy acting scenes?
Can any comedian match the performance of actor Vadivelu in Tamil movies?
Do women have a sense of humor?
What is the funniest thing to say when someone asks "why didn't you go to college"?
Where can I find long funny jokes in English or Hindi?
What do you think about Sunil Grover's role (all) in The Kapil Sharma Show?
Has Dave Chappelle lost his edge?
What are some of the humorous jokes related to the English language?
Would you suggest me a really really good comedy movie?
What makes Navin Prabhakar the corporate world’s favourite comedian?
Why do people have to announce that something is funny instead of just laughing?
Can you think of any funny things to do in French class?
What is the funniest note you have ever created?
What is the funniest thing you ever saw in Clash Royale?
Which are the best clean comedy shows on YouTube with subtitles?
Why do they cut some scene from YouTube clips of the Kapil Sharma show?
Do Muslim-majority countries have popular comedians?
How much did Seinfeld influence Friends?
Can you give me an example of a good sense of humour?
Can I start stand up comedy at the age of 15 by participating in open mics?
Why most legendary comedians are British?
Which type funny videos do you like?
Which standup comedy show on Netflix is easy to understand and relate to?
What makes Dave Chappelle a great comedian?
What do you do after an awkward handshake or a bad joke?
I don't know where to stop things when they aren't funny anymore . How can I work on this?
Can you think of any funny stuff to do in class?
What is the funniest thing you have ever seen, heard of or is online?
Why is Navjot Singh Siddhu not willing to leave Comedy Nights?
How long do you think Kapil Sharma's popularity will last? Is it fading day by day?
What makes for the funniest PowerPoint you've seen and why was it so humorous?
What is your favorite romantic comedy?
What are some interesting funny stories?
Do you think that Kapil Sharma is not able to handle his success?
Will Sunil Grover move on after his fight with Kapil Sharma?
Why did Netflix decide to produce so many comedy specials?
Why shouldn't all non comedy serials be banned?
What are the funniest Black jokes that you have come across?
What are some funny skits on IT industry?
What's the funniest thing your parents have done in front of your friends?
Is Kapil Sharma an egoistic person?
How do I achieve a sense of humor like Woody Allen’s?
How badly will it affect the The Kapil Sharma Show if Sunil Grover along with other famous co-stars quit the show?
Where can I download The Kapil Sharma Show?
Would a Guthi exit affect The Kapil Sharma Show?
How do I suggest to Kapil Sharma the people I want on his show?
What are some of the funniest and natural recent Malayalam comedies like Kunjiramayanam?
What's the best joke you've ever heard that you didn't 'get' initially?
Can you suggest me some witty and humorous conversation for my cartoon characters?
Who was the guy disguised as Sanjay Dutt on the Kapil Sharma show on March 12th?
What is your opinion on Kapil Sharma and Sunil Grover? Who is right in this scenario?
Why are some jokes "corny?"
Being a stand up comedian versus being lead singer, are they neurologically & psychologically considerably different?
How do I practice writing jokes?
What are some jokes about engineers?
If I were to start a blog, what should it be about?
Is Kapil Sharma forgivable for what he has done to his costars?
Do you think that Mr. Sidhu deserves to be in The Kapil Sharma show?
How do comedians react when people ask them to say something funny?
Is it true that success has gone into Kapil Sharma's mind?
Did Sunil Grover quit the Kapil Sharma Show?
What are some dark comedies/ drama thought-provoking films?
What is the funniest thing you have ever seen someone do or the funniest thing you've heard from someone?
Who is the funniest person ever?
Which Indian Ad is the funniest?
Is there any controversy between Kapil and Sunil Grover?
What are some novels with appropriate content that a 19-year-old girl would like, in the chick lit, comedy, or romance genres, etc.?
How did Kapil Sharma have a tremendous change in his voice from the Great Indian Laughter Challenge to the Kapil Sharma Show? Did he go for vocal surgery?
What exactly happened between Kapil Sharma and Sunil Grover? Can anyone who was on the flight tell us what happened?
Which comedy shows of the past have aged well - and which haven't?
Can Sunil Grover survive without Kapil Sharma?
Will Sunil Grover quit The Kapil Sharma show?
Why do people like Seinfeld so much?
What distinguishes Samantha Bee's comedy style from other comedians?
Why do people want to have Asperger's Syndrome so badly, that they diagnose themselves online? What is the world coming to?
What's the funniest thing that has happened to you during your school days?
Why do some people consider inappropriate humour offensive?
Why do people watch Kapil Sharma show?
What's the most insane/funniest thing you've ever done to the school computers/network?
Why are some great ways to insult a man's… manhood?
Who is more fit for comedy in Bollywood, Akshay Kumar or Govinda?
What is the funniest thing a child has told a teacher?
Is the movie A Midsummer Night's Dream a romantic comedy?
What makes Ron Swanson funny?
Which comedians do Texan Republicans understand and like?
What are some funny first nightfall stories?
What are the worst Indian comedy shows?
Who is the most funniest man in the world?
Who is the original author of joke "Better Nate than Lever"?
Why is there a lack of stand-up comedians in India?
What are the best romantic comedy sitcoms?
Does Kapil Sharma deserve what he is getting?
What is the funniest joke you have ever heard (and don't hold back no matter what)?
What's the funniest thing you overheard from a group of teenagers?
Can you tell a humorous talk between a couple?
Why do people find saying 'Allahu akbar' so funny?
Are all jokes meant to be funny?
What r tears, aqueous humour or vitrous humour?
What is the best funny incident in the world?
What neuropsych test battery looks at humor?
What's the funniest thing you overheard?
What are some awsome websites for jokes?
Which is your best comedy dialoges of your friends?
Why do the hosts of Saturday Night Live's Weekend Update never appear on the skits?
In Kapil Sharma show vivo's which model they are gifting?
Can I get admission into an IIT by answering a lot of IIT related questions on Quora?
Is there any English skit that is both really funny, yet has a message?
What was your most funniest classroom experience?
Are there any young stand up comedians in Pakistan?
How and where can I give audition for stand up comedy in Mumbai?
Which is best comedy in 2011?
What are the things that you must remember regarding comedy club booking?
Who is the best comedian (politician) of all time?
How do I get entry in Kapil Sharma's Comedy Nights with Kapil?
In my head I have a story and characters for a great romantic comedy, how can I make it as a movie?
What are the advantages of stand up comedy as a profession?
How do I write clever, witty jokes for a comedy short film?
How much time does it take to go to the moon?
How do you feel about George Lopez cussing at a person last night and said never date blacks at a show?
What is the funniest joke you have heard lately?
How do I become a good stand-up comedian?
What's the funniest fight you have ever seen?
Have you ever managed to make a humourless person laugh?
Which is your own funny life stories?
What was the funniest thing you ever saw at Wal-Mart?
What dark humour is in 'The Woman in Black' Movie?
How can I increase my sarcasm levels and sense of humor?
Can you tell me an intelligent crazy joke?
What's a joke you didn't understand the first time you heard/read it?
How do I go as an audience in The Kapil Sharma show?
Why do people think "potatoes" are funny?
Are there any recent Hollywood comedy, in which comedy is not based on genitals and sex?
How can I join canvas laugh club.any platform form stand up comedy?
Do you think Reddit's 'Roast Me' is comedy or glorified bullying? What are the reasons for your opinion?
What is the price of the ticktes of Kapil Sharma show at Mumbai?
What funny thing happened during sex that still makes you laugh?
For every household name comedian, how many unknown comedians are there?
What are the funniest programmer jokes you've heard or read?
Why is alcohol the subject of so many jokes?
Is comedic Trump bashing funny or just nasty?
What is it like working on SNL?
Who is the most popular comedian in China?
How do you describe a matchbox in the most funniest way?
How does Indian humour differ from UK or US humour?
How do I come up with a good idea for a comedy mockumentary short film?
How can I be more funny?
What are the most humorous examples of slang from back then?
What should I chose stand up comedy or engineering?
Is comedy in Tamil films based on caste stereotypes?
What are the best comedies since 2013?
How can I know that my jokes are really funny?
What are your favorite humorous books?
What are the features of a Shakespearean comedy?
What does Dibakar Dutta like most: comedies or dramas?
Can you tell me some advanced mathematics jokes?
Is Modi practicing for the audition for Comedy Circus?
Are there any present-day societies on Earth that never developed the concept of comedy?
What are some really funny Taiwanese comedy TV-series?
Does integrating humor and funny anecdotes while giving presentations and speeches about serious and important issues come naturally or take work?
Who are India's top stand-up comedians?
Do you like to tell jokes?
What does it mean if someone quite frequently and out of the blue texts you some funny videos or funny pictures?
What are some of the creative ideas/names for a new comedy show?
Why is the SNL 'More Cowbell' sketch so famous?
How can I improve my sense of humour and be more social?
Which is the funniest tidbit?
How do I increase your Sense of Humour?
What is the funniest thing you've seen on the internet?
Do you think kids of Kiku Sharda and Ali Asgar watch The Kapil Sharma Show, because their fathers act as a dumb fat woman?
Lately I've been finding memes less and less funny, why?
What is the most funniest thing you see on Intermet today?
What are some creative and funny one act play ideas?
Are there different genres for comedies?
What's the funniest hazing experience you had as a pledge?
Will people ever stop making Sikh jokes?
What's the funniest thing you've ever seen happen at a nursing home?
What are some lamest jokes of the Kapil Sharma Show?
Who coined the term 'Screwball Comedy' and when?
Am I the only one who prefer surreal-absurd comedy over insult-cringe comedy/mocumentary comedians do these days? I find the latter painful.
What are some funny trivia facts about you?
What are the greatest, funniest names you have ever heard?
What is it like to be a crew member in the Kapil Sharma Show?
How do I handle Asian jokes?
What is a good joke?
What is the best joke that you have heard from friends during exam period?
As a doctor, what are the strangest/most awkward/offensive tattoos you have seen during a physical exam?
Do you think Sumona Chakravarthi is the best life partner for Kapil Sharma?
How closely related are a sense of humor and intelligence?
What do you think of the movie title "Eyes of Hearts"?
Why are women not funny?
Why do so many sitcoms, etcetera, have those awful laugh tracks?
As a comedian, would you prefer marrying a funnier person or a person who laughs at all your jokes?
How do I find producer for a romantic/comedy sitcom? I am from India?
What is that one word which could leave on splits as soon as you heard it? What is the story behind it?
Why are funny people seen as not smart?
What are some greatest comedies made in Hollywood of late?
Which are the best Kapil Sharma Show episodes till date?
Who is more popular - Kapil Sharma or Borat?
Is the Peter Principle only a joke or does it make sense?
Which is the best comedy Indian YouTube channel?
What are some good movies like pitch perfect and 21 jump street?
What kind of comedy do people in China enjoy?
Who would be interested in participating in a comedy open-mic show in Chandigarh?
What are the prices of The Kapil Sharma Show tickets in Bombay?
What are your funniest and most humourous memories?
What are some funny facts about emperor Puyi and Hirohito?
Have you been to the Kapil Sharma Show?
What was the most funny thing you did when you were a toddler?
What is your most funny story on being forgetful?
Which Indian stand-up comedian you like and Why?
What does "cling clang" mean or what's funny about it?
What does "Spanking the monkey" mean and why do people seem to think it is a funny thing?
What is your own comedy experences?
Can you recount the times government officials have shown a sense of humor?
Why do people find rape jokes funny?
What does the SNL cast think of Lorne Michaels?
Do comedians have exceptionally good bull shit detectors?
What is the funniest prank in the military you have seen?
Is it true that today's engineers become a matter of jokes?
Where can I find a good stand-up comedy on YouTube?
What is the most hilarious argument you have heard for God?
Did Saturday Night Live ever make fun of Barack Obama?
What is your funny proposal story/conversation?
Should I aim for a career in comedy, writing, or music?
What or who made you laugh in school?
How is humour and amusement produced?
What are some good comedy shows other than Friends, HIMYM, TBBT, Modern Family, and Master of None?
What is your reaction on the trailer of Kapil Sharma's Firangi?
What is your comedy?
Why do you have a funny name?
What is the funniest joke that would make you laugh hard?
Is self deprecating humor funny?
What are some really good humor or joke books?
What does sense of humor mean?
What is the funniest/weirdest thing you have ever seen?
What is the funniest thing that's happened at a place you've worked?
What actually really happens if you make a "BOMB" joke at airport security (a joke)?
What are some comedy novels for teenagers?
What is the meaning of the joke "anyway here's wonderwall"?
What is the National Alzheimer’s Coordinating Center neuropsych battery like for comedy or humor awareness?
What is the biggest joke site in India?
What is a joke that makes you laugh every time?
What are some of the best romantic-comedies for people who hate romantic-comedies?
Why is it that there are no atheist Indian Comedians?
What would be best old school comedy for Friday eve?
What are the best "knock knock" jokes you've ever heard?
Funniest moment where you accidentally touched someone's crotch or chest?
How can I joke around with a straight face?
If a girl says that a guy behaves himself grumpy because he has periods, how should you joke back?
What is your favourite comedy anime?
What are some good car jokes?
What is a joke that has cracked people up more than you would have expected?
What is an interesting joke?
Are Christmas cracker jokes the highest form of humor?
What comedians are better than Robin Williams?
Why doesn't my cat have a sense of humor? Do any animals have a sense of humor?
What is your favorite dumb joke?
Who is the best comedian in your opinion?
What are your (re) sources of quality entertainment (humour, comedy, music and theatre)?
What is your opinion on dark humour?
What does it mean to have a dry sense of humor?
What is the best joke of last year?
What are some funny story from when you were young?
Who is exactly at fault between Kapil Sharma and Krushna Abhishek?
Why do so many American TV shows represent husbands as dumb/ annoying/ drunk/dependent/useless/ bad fathers/ bad husbands?
What is the reason for the sudden spurt of stand-up comedians in India?
Which comedy TV shows do conservatives watch?
What kind of compliments do comedians prefer to appreciate?
What are good places to find dark humor on the internet?
What are the funniest sites or articles that make fun of the pua movement (pick up movement)?
What are some animes like Maid Sama, Special A, Kare Kano, Kimi ni Todoke, My Little Monster, etc., focusing on the romance more and comedy too?
Why did Jon Lovitz leave SNL?
Why was Lenny Bruce arrested for doing comedy?
What is the best police joke ever heard?
Did Bill Cosby retire?
Do liberals understand that PC culture is ruining comedy?
What is dark humour? Could you explain with an examples?
People whom I don't find funny think my humor is hilarious, while people who always make me laugh barely even chuckle at my jokes. What's my problem?
How do top comedians remember so many jokes?
What are some good Cantonese comedy movies?
Why is it acceptable to hit a person’s head on Japanese comedy shows while it is not acceptable in American comedy shows?
What is the way to give inputs for Kapil Sharma show?
What are some of the dumbest invention ever?
What kinds of sources do you use for comedy research?
What are some awsome accounting jokes?
Is Sasikala the biggest comedy of the year?
Is being a comedian really something you’re born with?
What is your own comedy life stories?
Why are comedies less likely to win an Oscar?
What do you guys think about Bill Burrs new comedy special?
If I want to have a good laugh, where should I go on the Internet?
What is that one line we could say to make a serious situation funny?
What movie features a scene where “In the Navy” is sung by an opera singer?
How does it feel to be the butt of everyone's jokes?
What is the funniest thing that you have?
If a girl is really funny, like super funny, is it intimidating for others?
Why would so many female employees agree to have sex with an elderly David Letterman?
Why do we find use of puns humorous?
What is the most funny line you had ever used?
If there was a fictional leader of purgatory, who or what would it be?
What are the best new comedy movies?
Was it difficult to decide not to pursue stand-up comedy?
What is the funniest thing that has happened on vacation?
Can you tell me some advanced physics jokes?
What are some subtle inside jokes?
Is Alec Baldwin considering an hour-long Trump comedy special?
What comedy TV series should one watch after Friends?
Which is your real comedy life story?
How do I react to vulgar jokes?
Are there genes that affect a person’s innate sense of humor?
What is a dark sense of humor?
What are the signs of good sense of humour?
Should there be limits in comedy?
Why are TV comedy shows only 1/2 hour?
Is it better to tell jokes with straight face?
What's the funny thing you have ever done?
How do I improve my on-the-spot humor?
Wat is the meaning of sense of humor?
How do I get my humorous charm to surface again?
Which is your real comedy memories?
What was the first late night comedy show on TV?
What normal word makes you laugh?
What's Jay Leno's stand up act like?
Why is Indian YouTube comedy/standups is so much dependent on vulgar words?
What's the funniest thing you saw while getting on a subway car?
Is stand up comedy really just a form of expository writing?
How do I not overuse humor when conversing with other adults?
Why don't Kapil invite Raju Shristava at Kapil Sharma Show?
Which country has the best comedians?
Is "life comedy" a niche?
Why are there so many American jokes?
Is The Kapil Sharma show overrated?
Which funny joke did you crack today?
Why don't I find movies of the comedic genre funny, in other words I think funny movies aren't really that funny?
How much does Sony channel make with Kapil Sharma show?
Do celebs get paid by Sony for appearing on the Kapil Sharma show?
Why do so many stand-up comedians talk about ethnic and gender stereotypes?
Who are the best/funniest Qourans out there?
What was the funniest thing your teacher ever did?
Who are the IITians doing standup comedy?
Are there any good books on how to be funny?
Can someone give me some really obvious jokes? Like all bald men have no hair on there head.
How can I be funny at any situations?
What are some funny facts about world?
What shows exist(-ed) that are like The Burn with Jeff Ross, and The Jeselnik Offensive?
What's the song palyed in the comedy central commercial of 'No tommorow'?
What are the best anime movies in romance/action/ecchi / comedy and has good graphics character?
What are some funny facts about men?
How can I make my sister hate The Kapil Sharma Show?
How should a comedian work on delivery?
How can I watch shows of comedy nights with Kapil?
What are the best books on how to be funny?
What are some Funny facts about universe?
What are your funny stories of being a third wheel, or being with one?
What is the funniest blasphemous joke that you know?
What government authority would be in charge of alien technology IF any had ever been found?
What was the first comedy movie about college?
Do celebrities get paid for coming to shows like The Kapil Sharma Show?
What are the best finance jokes?
What is life to you: a comic tragedy or a tragic comedy?
Since when did self-deprecating humor/comedy become a thing/trend in America?
I'm new to Quora; what inside jokes should I know?
Where can I find some genuinely funny jokes?
What is the song playing at the comedy central commercial for the new TV series 'No Tomorrow'?
What is the most colorful epithet that you have ever heard on a royal/someone else of high stature?
What is the difference between Comedy Nights With Kapil and The Kapil Sharma Show?
What are some hilarious jokes in a question-answer format?
What is the English translation for this: "maine jab chhat se tatti kari to vo aadhe raaste mein hi chhitar gayi"?
What is the funniest thing you've seen that included some advanced science?
How can I promote my YouTube comedy ch?
What is the funniest thing as a teacher you saw or heard?
Who are the best British comedians right now?
Are comedy TV shows getting more popular? If so, how do they relate or feed off the older shows such as That 70s Show or Seinfeld?
Do comedians like Kanan Gill, Tanmay Bhatt (or other comedians for that matter) get paid for appearing on other channels?
What are some dry humor?
Is Bill Maher currently the best living comedian and political commentator in America?
How do comedians know how long their set is?
Why do we need sense of humour?
Do certain expressions of humor in one culture come across as being flippant or downright offensive in other cultures?
Why do some people like stand-up comedy that consists of insults addressed to the public?
What are some good comedy story ideas?
Should comedians focus more on doing shows and producing their own content, or auditioning for both comedic and dramatic roles?
What are the funniest things people have said in their sleep?
How do the women feel when stand-up comedians use abuses in shows?
Where can one take improv comedy classes in Nagpur?
What if there is no mechanical engineering?
What is your most remember-able funny incident?
Which is the most funniest joke in Hindi?
Would you see comedians as artists?
Comparatively speaking, is something that is absolutely hilarious considered more or less funny than something which is bare jokes?
How funny is a funny bone?
What's the best "Confucious Say" joke you've ever heard?
What are the best one word jokes?
What is the best French comedy series?
What are the best, funny, history stories you know?
Who is your favorite entertainer (comedian, musician, actor, etc.)?
What's the funniest thing you've ever seen in your life? How do you think smiles affect your life?
What are the venues where stand up comedies happen in Kochi, Jaipur and Visakhapatnam?
What is a funny story about something being much closer than you thought?
How do people manage to do a coding job and stand-up comedy together?
Can you give me an example of British humour?
Why is it when I don't try to be funny I am funny?
Do we require a comedy club in Indore? If somebody opens it, will it be a success?
What is something that is funny in your language but fails to be funny in other languages?
Does the old lady in the “Ye bik gayi hai Gormint” video knows about the meme?
If someone says "Tell me a joke", what is the first joke you tell them?
Was Govinda's dressing appropriate in The Kapil Sharma Show?
How much does Kapil Sharma charge to promote products on his show?
What is best joke in Hindi which you heard in your childhood?
What are the best comedy shows that don't make fun or reference religion and are really funny?
Is there a such thing as a drama sketch show (ie a show which has the same kind of structure as a comedy sketch show but with a more serious tone)?
What are the funniest things Roger Stone has said during his drunk Twitter adventures?
Is Gabe Newell funny person?
How would you define American Humour?
Why is SNL (Saturday Night Live) repeating previously recorded episodes and not making new episodes?
What is the funniest thing you've ever seen as an EMT?
What are some of the best 1 line double meaning jokes?
What is Canadian humor?
What is the best one liner you've read under a Paper Boat drink?
What is the best knock knock joke you know?
Which stand-up specials have aged the best over time?
What is the funniest doctor story?
How is humor illogical?
How do I make yourself funnier than you actually are?
Which of your own insults that you've ever said do you find the most entertaining or funny?
What are some of funniest conversation with your parents while you were high smoking marijuana?
What are some jokes that do a good job of explaining why something happens?
What was the funniest and emotional thing that your sister did?
What is action comedy and how does it become action comedy?
What are the best dark comedy monologues?
What is the funniest advertisement you have came across?
What's the funniest decal or sticker that you seen lately?
What were some of the failures you experienced when doing stand-up comedy?
Are there any running jokes/memes specific to or originated on Quora?
How do I register myself as a comic for the open mics that happen every Thursday at Tuning Fork in Mumbai?
Can you tell me a funny series like 'Friends'?
What is the funniest thing you saw while in prison?
What are the best offensive jokes (you can't help but laugh at)?
How sensitive is it for partners to joke about bedroom issues?
What's the scope of stand up comedy in Dubai(UAE) and can one can also make living out of it?
How does it feel being likely the most unfunny person in comedy?
What are the most useless funny tips ever?
Why was Lenny Bruce a comedic genius?
What are some action comedies?
In terms of collaboration with other stand-up comedians why Vir Das is so untouchable?
What are some of the funniest gun fails?
What are America’s most loved comedies?
What are some groan worthy jokes?
What is a good joke in Spanish about women's intelligence?
Will you please make me feel better and tell me a joke or a funny story?
How much time does it take to shoot the Kapil Sharma show?
What is the most stuppidest thing you have ever argued with a fool?
How do I stop making sex jokes?
How do you feel about George Lopez cussing at a person last night and said never date blacks at a show?
Which of the things below would you find funnier?
What are the funniest passwords you have ever seen or had?
Which are the open mic events for new stand up comedian to participate in Ahmedabad in 2017?
Why is TMZ so funny?
How can I attend the Kapil Sharma show?
What are some different genres of comedy?
What is this old comedy movie but not very old called "two female robots are looking after some guys that have a device of something"?
How does Tosh on Comedy Central get people to appear on his show after a humiliating Internet video?
What are some funny snow stories?
In stand-up comedy, is it a tradition to end the show with a joke referencing another joke told earlier?
Is the comedy in The Kapil Sharma Show spontaneous or scripted?
What is the most hilarious song you’ve ever listened to?
What are some clever and dark yet funny jokes?
How is Fargo the movie black comedy?
What could it mean if a girl says "Ahahah" to something that is not funny, or intended to be a joke?
What are the basics of building a comedy movie script?
What is your favorite internet joke?
Why can't we see more Black British comedies and thrillers in the cinema?
How does someone become a comedian?
How does Indian humour differ from UK or US humour?
Is humor the highest sign of intelligence?
What are the most humorous examples of slang from back then?
Is comedy in Tamil films based on caste stereotypes?
Why are dead baby jokes so funny?
Why do unfunny people use a lot of profanity when trying to to be funny?
What's the funniest talk with a scammer that you've had in your lifetime?
What are some good examples of funny satires?
Which are the funny fishponds you have ever heard?
What is one thing which amazes you and you would like to watch in a stand-up comedy act?
How popular was stand-up comedian Patrice O'Neal in Japan?
What is the most funny thing you have ever done in public?
Have you tried netizentales.com for funny story writing?
I don't have a good sense of humour, it makes me quite ashamed of myself at times.How do I enhance my sense of humour?
Why is Trump fixated on Saturday Night Live? Other comedians, like Seth Meyers and Stephen Colbert, satirize him nightly and he never mentions them?
What is your opinion of American comedies?
What are some of the best/funniest protest signs you've seen?
Why did "Saturday Night Live" choose Melissa McCarthy, and not a cast member, to play Sean Spicer?
Why are rape jokes not funny?
What's the funniest thing you've read about yourself that wasn't true?
What are the funniest thing about CA?
What are the 10 funny things you want to do?
How was the Divine Comedy written so well?
Is Leo valdez funny?
What are some joke formats in stand-up comedy?
What ever happened to the comedian Sinbad?
Are the scripts in The Kapil Sharma Show real?
What's funny about your life?
Do you think Krishna, the so called comedian nephew of Govinda, is even funny?
Who are some gay comedians?
Which are the open mic events for new stand up comedian to participate in Jaipur in 2017?
Can you suggest me comedy shows with episodic structure?
Why do the majority of Americans lag a sarcastic sense of humor? (Or ironic)
What's the funniest way you saw someone get robbed on the street?
What is the funniest thing about the internet itself?
Which is the best comedy Indian YouTube channel?
What is some good comedy (preferably stand-up) about anti-vaxxers and other people drawn to conspiracies?
How can I come up with ideas for hilarious lame jokes?
Is the Peter Principle only a joke or does it make sense?
What was the most funny thing you did when you were a toddler?
Which are the open mic events for new stand up comedian to participate in Pune in 2017?
What are some jokes worth memorizing?
Will Barack Obama be invited, and accept an invitation by SNL?
Why doesn't Kapil invite Krushna Abhishek and Bharti Singh in his show?
What are some contrasting proverbial humor you have come across?
What is a good joke in Quechua about women?
How do I come up with funny jokes?
Did Saturday Night Live ever make fun of Barack Obama?
What are some best funniest 'memes' which make you laugh whenever you see?
What is the funniest thing to say to Siri?
What are some of the most timeless classic stand-up specials?
What are the latest best romantic-comedy movies (strictly hollywood)?
What should I not joke about in your country?
Was the 1960s situation comedy Hogan's Heroes based on factual events?
What's the shortest joke?
What's it like hosting Saturday Night Live?
Can Quorans post some of the funniest pics here?
Why doesn't Aamir Khan come to ‘The Kapil Sharma Show’?
What is it like to be on the sets of Comedy Nights with Kapil or The Kapil Sharma Show?
Are there standup comedy in Iran?
Why is Kapil Sharma the best comedian?
Who are the best comedians in the world?
What are some of the best romantic-comedies for people who hate romantic-comedies?
Do you know a very good joke? I would like to compile a bunch of good ones.
What is the funniest video you have ever seen?
What are the best "knock knock" jokes you've ever heard?
What are the best comedy TV lineups (ranked)?
Is Kapil Sharma really insulting audance?
What is the best joke to tell if asked to tell one on the spot?
What is the most funniest thing that had happened at your home?
Can you give me the script of The Kapil Sharma Show?
Did the 1940 film "The Great Dictator" deserve a spot on the AFI's 100 greatest Films list?
Who is your favourite female comedian?
What is the legacy of comedy legend W.C. Fields?
Is Batman the wrong person to ask about humor?
What's the funniest complaint you've seen in a visitor book?
What is the funniest thing you have noticed while surfing Quora?
Do you find the Kapil Sharma show funny?
What are some Indian romantic comedy movies?
Why is a comedy track running in Bollywood on the intelligence of Alia Bhat?
What is the best joke of last year?
What is the birthday song playing at the 5th anniversary of Comedy Central India?
What are some examples of funny situations?
What is a joke that can make an old man laugh?
What are some of the examples of Political Correctness?
What is the significance of Poor Jokes(PJs)?
If two people on opposite sides of the world each dropped a slice of bread, would the earth become a sandwich?
How do people develop sense of humor?
Did Abbot and Costello write their own material?
What are the best Gujarati comedy channels on YouTube?
What are some funny things that occurred to you?
What is the funniest thing heard about the 2000 note?
What comedians should I listen to if I enjoy really bizarre and witty humor (I.e, like that in Terry Pratchett's Discworld novels)?
What's the funniest thing that's happened to you at work?
What are some funny class president slogans?
What open mic events will there be for new stand-up comedians to participate in, in Lucknow in 2017?
Where is Danish Sait from?
What do people from other countries think of Americans who make jokes about 9/11?
What's your best joke? (Any joke. Just give it a shot).
What differences, if any, did you notice in the humor of Seinfeld after Larry David's 1996 departure?
What is the funniest autocorrect fail you have seen?
I have no experience doing stand-up comedy. Can I perform a 50-minute show in two months?
I like watching comedy series, I have completed Friends, which series I should watch next?
How much of It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia is improvised?
What is the best British-style joke you know?
What are the best comedic monologues for teens?
Can you give the complete summary of divine comedy (Inferno, purgatorio, paradiso)?
Do you think O.J. Simpson could still be funny if he wanted to be?
Is being a comedian really something you’re born with?
What was it like growing up with Amir Blumenfeld (comedian)?
What conflicts of interest do televised comedians deal with?
What are the best comedy movies in 2016?
What did Sean Spicer think of the SNL skit portraying him?
What are the most iconic Canadian comedy TV shows?
What is the funniest thing that you have?
Do you know a funny/positive birth story?
Can you prepare a comedy short skit on the theme before and after Jio for 10 minutes?
What jokes will you not get until you read it again?
Why do people bend when doing stand-up comedy?
Is offensive humor funny to you? It is to me, but I see offensive jokes as jokes about offensive people, rather than offensive content.
What are some hilarious lame jokes?
Is there any Korean drama which has only comedy?
Which is the most funniest joke a person must have ever heard?
Do Americans watch British comedies?
What do you do when someone starts telling you a joke that you think might be offensive?
How do comedian handle a situation when they crack a bad joke and everyone stares the hell out of them?
Can anyone tell some funny incidents which you had at Brilliant Study Center?
Which is the most funny advertisement?
Have you ever put the pussy on the chainwax?
What are some good and funny monologues?
What are some examples of funny miscommunication?
What are the best dark comedy movies you have ever seen?
What are the funniest names of a business?
What does the man of Venice represent in Balzac's the Human Comedy?
What is the funniest thing you have ever witnessed or done?
Which is the best bagyaraj comedy?
What is your opinion of 'blue' (risqué) jokes?
Why do I laugh more when reading a book then seeing a meme on Facebook or watching comedy?
What was the first late night comedy show on TV?
Which is the shortest physics joke that you know of?
What's Jay Leno's stand up act like?
I am not naturally funny. Can I ever become a stand up comedian?
Is Megapologetics a joke?
What are the funniest dragons in literature?
Is The Kapil Sharma show overrated?
What are some ideas of funny pranks to pull on your mom?
Did Amy Schumer give Chuck Schumer acting classes on how to cry?
How can I create good humorous interpretation pieces?
What are your best inside jokes with your friends?
What's the funniest line ever in a movie?
How can I be funny to women?
Can I work as a stand up/improviser/comedy writer without a Twitter account?
Does Kapil's show make any sense?
I am a amateur stand up comedian. I start writing for my 60min stand up comedy special. How should I start and Structure my content?
What are the most funny videos found on the internet?
What is the most funny thing you did in public?
What are the best ways to express ideas regarding startups, like stand-up comedians who have open mic shows?
How can I make my sister hate The Kapil Sharma Show?
What's the weirdest or funniest thing you have seen in an airplane?
What is the dirtiest adult jokes?
What would you consider to be 10 funniest and most hilarious movie scenes ever?
What is the funniest thing that has happened in your entire life?
What are some new funny jokes?
As a funeral director what is the funniest thing that has happened to you or a family?
How can I joke more?
Who is the greater comedian - Kapil Sharma or Sunil Grover?
What are some good humorous interpretation pieces?
What do most people find funny?
What is the funniest thing you have ever done in a serious way?
As a social worker what is the funniest story you have heard?
How can I become a writer on Saturday Night Live?
What's the corniest joke you know?
What are some best Hindi Jokes (text) of all time?
What are the funniest jokes about goal setting?
Are there any dark\black comedy books?
What are some funny recent British sitcoms on Netflix?
Is Suraj Venjaramoodu the worst comedian Malayalam cinema has seen?
Is Cyrano de Bergerac a comedy or a tragedy?
What are some TV comedies or live shows that are recorded without canned laughter?
Who wrote for Gilda Radner on SNL?
What is the funniest product fails you have ever seen?
How do people get hilarious and funny ideas to make 'memes'?
What is the most unintentionally funny thing you've ever seen on live TV?
Which are the open mic events for new stand up comedian to participate in Bhopal in 2017?
What is the funniest website?
What are the mpst funny questions about Engineering?
Which comedy TV series can I watch next?
Is the Kapil Sharma show scripted specifically for celebrities?
How do sitcom writers come up with so many jokes?
What is a clean joke in the form of a story?
Why am I laughing uncontrollably at mildly funny jokes?
What is your review of Jen Kirkman: Just Keep Livin’? (Netflix 2017)
What is so funny about Bailey's changed batting style?
Are comedy TV shows getting more popular? If so, how do they relate or feed off the older shows such as That 70s Show or Seinfeld?
Why does comedy have a left-wing bias? Can comedy be neutral or right-wing without being derogatory?
Will you make up a joke?
What are the best tv erotic series?
What are the best ways to start doing comedy in Texas?
What is the best way to build a YouTube channel for comedy?
When is humor good?
Are too many people trying to do stand-up comedy these days?
What is your most funny doodle you made during a lecture?
Why do comedians get angry when people leave in the middle of shows?
Can mobile are allowed to bring with you at the set of “The Kapil Sharma show”?
What if there is no mechanical engineering?
What is the sickest (but funny) limerick you've ever heard? (No holds barred)
What is the dirtiest joke in the world?
How does one deal with funny people?
What is the most funniest thing that happen in public places?
What are roast lines?
What are the greatest jokes that have just taken place, or are currently taking place, or will take place in the near future around the world?
Can anyone share the most funny incident related to their periods?
What is the Purgatorio of Dante's Divine Comedy all about?
Are jokes about President Trump boring?
What is the funniest thing that you ever heard Lucy say?
What are some examples of anti-jokes?
What are some of the funniest things that any politician has said?
What are some good comedy movies like 21 Jump Street?
What kind of jokes do you get due to your name?
What is the funniest military NCO speech, or shit talk that you ever heard?
Do professional comedians stutter or sometimes forget their jokes?
In your opinion, what is a kind of joke that gets old too fast?
How did you develop the courage and ability to do stand up comedy?
How much does being funny overlap with being derogatory?
Does Gothenburg (Sweden) have any open mics venues for standup comedy (English)?
What licences are required to organize a small stand up comedy show in India?
Is there anything a standup comic can do to lessen the possibility that his comedic material is stolen?
Which is the Most funny name or surname you have ever heard?
Does the old lady in the “Ye bik gayi hai Gormint” video knows about the meme?
What is a one-word joke?
What is the funniest thing a student said to you?
I am trying to write a web series on engineering students life. Can you suggest some good comedic dialogues or scene I can insert in it?
Who are the writers of Comedy nights Bachao?
What are some funny clean dares for kids?
What is the best comedy before 1990?
Is http://thejokecafe.com the best joke site ever ?
What's the funniest broadcast line ever?
What is the funniest thing as a kid has?
Is humour always at someone's expense?
How does western humour differ from Chinese humour?
Can one cultivate their sense of humor?
What are some funny stories from your first years of teaching?
Can I improve my sense of humour?
What's the funniest computer problem you ever saw?
What are some funny or witty exchanges between friends?
What are some funny things about girls?
What is the one thing you like most about Jim Carrey?
What is the best joke about Paris?
What is the funniest name of a person you've ever heard?
Is there something special about the Lava phone given by Kapil Sharma during The Kapil Sharma Show?
What are some great comedy TV series?
Why is everything by being funny ass hell?
When, in your opinion, has a joke “gone too far”?
What are examples of humorous trivia questions?
How do I get black romantic comedy scenes and lines?
What's funnier, jokes about someone's mom's weight, or jokes about someone's mom's sexual appetite?
Who is your favourite Indian comedian?
What do you think are the most peculiar and funny legitimate terms for real things?
In stand-up comedy, how do I write and structure a bit, and how do I get an idea for a bit?
Is doing comedy tough than drama?
What are the best jokes made about fake news?
I want to do stand up comedy. What are the aspects on which I should improve?
What do people find funny in 2017?
Which is the most funny animal in world and why?
How do I start a sketch comedy group like Monty Python?
How do I create a humor and joke?
What are some tips you can give for young aspiring comedians?
What are some good IT/Computer jokes, quotes, or funny sayings?
Who is your favorite member of the Saturday Night Live cast and why?
What are some of the best jokes that come from India?
Which is the best comedy series from 2016?
What is a publication, website or other resource to which I can submit comedy sketches?
Who is currently in possession of Bob Monkhouse's joke books?
What books teach how to respond to unpleasant comments in a funny, detached, and clever way?
Are sob stories actually best when they are made humorous?
Which are the best Haryanvi comedy movies that I can watch with my family?
I've got OCD and sometimes I have to repeat a phrase over and over until it feels right to me. How do I handle a performance once I start doing this?
Is it a joke that thinking is defined by producing thoughts?
What was the funniest thing you ever saw?
What makes an accent attractive and what makes one weird or funny?
Do funny people find themselves funny?
What's the funniest thing you said while sleeptalking?
What is the funniest thing to happen to you whilst at customs in the airport?
What is the animated comedy that has no dialogue and involves two men, maybe claymation, and has a Mr. Bean style to it?
How do I write humour?
What are some of the best Jokes that come from Nigeria?
What is the funniest thing that has happened to you or you were there to witness it (not including footage viewed after the funny moment)?
At what age Kapil Sharma a.k.a The Kapil Sharma show got success?
Why is iFunny not funny to me?
Why is comedy perceived strictly as entertainment rather than art?
What are some good romance/comedy (English dubbed) animes?
Why are some funny nerd jokes/comebacks?
Why do some people not like crude humour?
Why do people are posting jokes on females which ruin their image?
How can I invite Hafiz Saeed to The Kapil Sharma show?
Why does my Italian friend not find British humor funny? In what ways are Italian and British comedy different?
What are some things that we can't make fun of in the world these days?
How does one go about writing scripts for stand up comedies in India?
What the funniest test answers from kids?
What are some ongoing romance comedy anime?
How should a comedian start her career in Indian?
What are the procedures to be a comedian in canvas laugh club?
Why don't you ever see homeless comedians?
What is one of the funniest things that has ever happened to you, or to someone you know?
What are your five best "Your Mamma" jokes?
What are the best beginner stand up comedy tips?
Is the Comedy Nights with Kapil is biggest hit TV serial compare to Kaun Banega Crorepati?
What decides whether a joke is good or not?
Who is the top contemporary comedian in India?
What are the steps to become a Standup comedian in India?
What is the funniest thing that you heard Fr. Benedict Groeschel say?
Have you ever had an experience that could have been a romantic comedy movie?
What is the funniest things you heard one person say to another in a totally serious mode?
What are your top ten comedy movies including romantic comedies?
I'm a 13 y/o comedian, currently performing all around Arizona, what can I do to not be a local performer but a big one?
What are th best jokes ever?
What was the funniest thing that happened to you in 2016?
What is your favourite comedy film?
How do you become consistently funny/witty, when you are naturally not?
Why do people from the middle class make better comedians than people from other economic zones?
What is the funniest thing you have seen that made you feel like a terrible person for laughing at it?
Why are sexual jokes universally funny?
What has been the funniest moment you've ever witnessed?
What are the best anti jokes you've heard recently?
How can I extend the "run time" of my jokes?
What was your funniest experience on Quora?
What are some tips for your first standup comedy routine?
What is the funniest "so true" picture?
What is the funniest thing a drunk person has said to you?
What are some of the best jokes that come from China?
What's the difference between being funny and having a sense of humour?
How do I get in contact with Varun Grover the comedian/writer/lyricist?
How did you fall in love with comedy?
Which song is played in the background on the Comedy Central 2016 Christmas special?
What was the funniest thing you have ever gotten on video?
What are some funny hypotheticals?
What is the funniest result you've ever gotten from Murphy Bot?
What are some forms in which comedy is performed in Kannada?
Can I include 'stand-up comedian' in my resume extra curricular section?
How do I think of jokes on the spot and be funny at school?
Which is the funniest joke in India?
What is surprising and harmless but not funny?
What is the funniest test awnser you have ever seen?
Where do I submit comedy sketches?
What is the time of re-telecast of the Kapil Sharma show?
Is the internet a joke?
How do I overcome false humour?
What is the greatest atheist-themed joke that you know?
Does Amy Schumer actually steal jokes from other comedians?
What forms of comedy writing do not require someone else to produce the final product?
What are some examples of funny hockey chirps?
Why do I do consistently switch between hobbies/passion projects?
What are some good humorous interpretation ideas?
What things make someone laugh in Vietnam?
What are some of the best jokes that come from Thailand?
During all the time you veterans spent overseas, what would you say was the funniest thing you've ever witnessed or done?
What are the humor/comedy writing internships for young aspiring writers in India?
Why is the joke "F Major" so funny in the movie Sense and Sensibility?
What are some of the best jokes that come from Mexico?
What does Brendan Fraser think of the 'Bring Brendan Fraser back' memes?
What are your favourite jokes?
What is the funniest thing you have seen today again?
Is it okay to crack fat jokes?
What are some ways I can prepare for improv comedy?
How do I start a stand up comedy club in India at a place with no comedy clubs?
What is your favorite film story (Wars, Comedy or Tragedy)?
How can one come to appreciate tongue-in-cheek humor?
Are there any stand up comedians who don't crack vulgar jokes?
What are some funny and short skits?
How visionary a comedian is Sacha Baron Cohen considered to actually be today?
Who is Kapil Sharma dating?
What is the question on Quora that made you laugh out loud the hardest?
What is the funniest thing you said to a telemarketer to get them to hang up?
What would be a good WordPress themes for a professional stand up comedian group?
How do I make my sense of humor better?
What kind of jokes would you hear if Hillary won?
Can there be a triple threat comedy show?
What is the worst joke you have ever heard or read?
What do Canadians think of Australian comedy?
Would Chris Farley still be alive if he did not leave "Saturday Night Live" in 1995?
What are some of the funniest things to happen during a "cam" bootleg taping?
What is the funniest thing you've put in your credentials on Quora?
What are the best 'inside jokes of inside jokes' in television series or movies?
Who is the funniest person on earth?
How would an 'Aristocrats II' production be received today?
What are some of the best jokes that come from Korea?
Which is the best Malayalam comedy film 2016?
What are currently the best comedy series, like the Big Bang Theory and Studio C on YouTube?
What are the best Hindi comedy movies of 2016?
How is the growing popularity of YouTube comedy channels?
How can I think of funny compliments to tell?
Is pastafarianism a joke?
What is the funniest thing you've ever seen on Quora? Also, how do you feel about questions of this sort? Are they a waste of time?
What are some funny reviews or commentaries you've seen on internet?
Let's hear your most profound writing to-date. What have you got?
What are some of the best jokes that come from Canada?
How much the money celebrities were paid when they were called on The Kapil Sharma Show ?
How can we write jokes for stand up comedy?
What is the root and cultural significance of a roast?
Are celebrities in comedy nights with Kapil Sharma scripted?
Can we have a funny discussion?
What are some examples of unique knock knock jokes?
What are some funny mathematics jokes?
Who do Monty Python mention in credits?
What are some funny jokes that you know make people laugh?
Why are there so many jokes about Marines eating crayons?
What are some newly released comedy animes to watch?
What is the best joke about engineers that very few people have heard?
What's the most funny thing ever happened with you?
What are funny hypothetical situations?
Has the host of Saturday Night Live ever doubled as the musical guest at the same time?
Do I stop being funny all the time?
What cringe-worthy jokes do you know?
Which are the funniest tweets from 2016?
Who is the biggest comedian of India?
Have you ever put an inside joke in a computer game?
Is standup comedy a lucrative market?
What is the song played in the background of Comedy Central's Golden Globes ad?
Why does bombing mean failure but killing mean success in stand up comedy?
On what is Bahlool humour based?
What 60s TV comedies do you find just as funny as back then?
How can I get a great sense of humor line Mr. Bean?
What is this famous comedic ending motif called?
What do you think of "life is a comedy for those who think and tragedy for those who feel"?
What are the best comedies to watch when you have depression, sick or upset?
What are some jokes that you created?
What is divine comedy?
Is being unintentionally funny (not embarrassing) a sign of intelligence?
What are some of the best foreign comedies?
Should there be a distinction between when it's okay to joke about touchy subjects vs when it isn't?
Has life made a joke of you?
Where can I get new funny videos?
What is the funniest thing that you heard on the Seinfeld show?
What is the laughing point of the joke?
What is the best husband-wife joke you have heard?
How do you get with a girl when you're naturally not witty enough for funny and clever banter?
What can be the funny secrets of writers?
What are the pros and cons of being a professional comedian?
Which are most funniest sex jokes?
What are some good, gratifying romance, comedy, slice-of-life type animes, with a compelling story and ample fan service, for a 22-year-old straight male?
Will Bhuvan Bam and Kapil Sharma collab to have a blast?
What is the smallest organism that can process/create humorous events?
What are some of the unexpected, funny, or strange facts you know?
What are some examples of romantic comedy movies with handjob scenes?
What are some of the best jokes that come from Germany?
What are some of the funniest Santa Claus jokes?
What are some of the best jokes that come from Australia?
What is the funniest thing that you have seen after demonetization?
Why is your sense of humor so offensive to some people?
How is Kapil Sharma reaching new heights everyday?
What are some things that others find funny but you don't?
What are some of the best jokes that come from Japan?
What should I do if a friend of mine laughs at her own Jokes and thereby thinks that she has got good a sense of humor?
Would it be plausible for me to make a living doing a lot of different things?
Has comedy ever been implemented into code?
What is the Space Monkey joke?
Why don't female comedians as funny as male?
How does one become a standup comedian in India? How do the open mic clubs operate?
What are some good Comedy TV series with serious moments?
If you are really good with cracking jokes in the middle of conversations, one can look forward to stand up comedy?
Do comedians ever tell true stories during stand-up routines?
Should commit myself professionally to comedy, or music and literature?
What are some funny jokes that I can tell anyone, regardless of age or political views?
What sort of projects do comedians work on when they're not doing stand-up (other than preparing material) to exercise their comedic skill?
What is the funniest sentence in all of literature?
Why do Americans joke about Mama's?
What are some of the best comedy movies to enjoy this weekend at home?
Is mimicry necessary to comedy?
What are some funny incidents in client call?
What are some funny religious jokes?
How do I know when I am really being funny?
Which comedians do you like?
When did stand up comedy start in India?
How would you analyse the humor in this cartoon?
What are those funny consequences of a cashless society? Any idea?
Do you really feel that Indian stand-up comedy shows are good these days?
Why do fundalmentalist types appear to have no sense of humour?
Which the funniest song that you have heard from 2016?
What's the funniest thing you've done on Sims 3?
In the aspect of commercially and critically, what were the best and worst years for Saturday Night Live?
What is the typical paycheck for a popular comedian for a stand up performance, such as Bill Burr?
What is the difference between tragedy and comedy and is it only different in theater?
How can I get or listen to stand-up comedy audio/video, legally?
What are some of the best jokes that come from Polynesia?
What does one say apologetically after cracking a bad joke?
What are some good jokes to say on the spot?
What is the funniest joke for 2017?
What are some hilarious or epic Facebook comment threads?
Do you have post American Election 2016 humor to share?
Chelsea Handler is so beautiful, why is she just a comedian?
What are some funny interpretations of brand names?
What is a funny sniper joke that you have heard?
What are the funniest thing on YouTube?
Which are the best comedy Hollywood movies for adults and families?
Why are Liverpudlians so funny?
What is a good joke to say to a mugger to let you live?
What is the joke about an engineer that makes you laugh?
Where can I find unpublished funny script?
What are some of the most memorable movie lines from comedies?
What are best jokes about Pakistan?
How do some comedians manage not to laugh about their jokes?
Is my dog bi-curious?
What kind of biological role does humour and laughing serve for?
What are some funny architecture jokes?
What are some of the funniest things people have said right before dying?
What is the funniest Malware?
Which episode of "The Kapil Sharma Show" got the maximum views on YouTube?
What are some of the best jokes about economics?
What is sophisticated humor?
What are the various script/acting/cinematography/editing/sound/etc elements that contribute to making this scene funny?
What are some of the funniest oboe jokes?
What are some romantic comedy Korean dramas?
Are there any good web series to watch on inspirational genres?
I just heard a joke that said, those kids in Africa could've eaten those fireworks, is that funny or messed up?
What is the best dirty joke you have heard?
Which seasons of The Simpsons have the funniest episodes?
What is the best way to deliver a joke?
What are some best comedy scenes from Impractical Jokes?
What is the best rude/sexual joke you have ever heard?
What are some of the funniest advertising fails you've seen?
What are the best comedy channels on YouTube?
What is your favorite "said in court" joke?
What is the funniest prank call you ever had?
Did Eric Harris inspire George Carlin? Or vice versa?
What's the most funny adult joke that you ever heard?
What are some good history jokes?
Who is your favourite Nigerian comedian and why?
Where can I find jokes or anecdotes?
Where can I find comedians that are looking for jokes?
Do we find big name comedians to be funnier than they are, because we expect them to be?
Why are there so many Rajnikant jokes in India?
What are some jokes used when laugh tracks are made?
What are some good jokes about U.S. history?
What are some of the funniest videos involving animals you have ever seen?
What was a comedy series about a couple with 2 children, aired 8-10 years back in Star World during the time of Friends?
Can a man from the Czech Republic become a Hollywood actor?
Are black humor groups common in renowned universities?
Who are the most underrated Pakistanis ever?
What are the most memorable backbenches jokes?
Can you suggest me comedy/romantic movie similar to Crazy, Stupid, Love?
What are some 80s buddy comedies?
What is the funniest way to start a presentation?
What's your favorite blonde joke?
I used to be a funny guy before, but now I am no more. I can crack jokes occasionally which used to be daily before. How can I get my older self back?
How could one get into a stand up comedy club in Hyderabad?
Is Kapil Sharma popular in Pakistan too?
Who is the "Mozart" of comedy?
How much does Sidhu earns in Kapil Sharma show for making some stupid jokes and shayari's?
What was the funniest advice you ever got from a witchdoctor?
What are ways to earn money if you have a great sense of humour?
What are some of the most effective one liners?
What is a joke about beds?
What are some funny things you have seen in an ad?
Are there any funny short monologues for girls?
When did Eddie Murphy stop being funny?
What are some most hilarious sex jokes?
What are the Adult Jokes that will one burst into laughter for at least 30 seconds?
How and why did you choose to pursue standup comedy?
What is the funniest or most hilarious thing about yourself? Anything that makes you look fun to others.
Has there been a huge increase in questions requesting jokes recently?
What's the song from Comedy Central's "Animation addiction" advert (December 2016)?
What's is the funniest incident you've had with a blind person?
What is the funniest fat jokes you've ever heard?
Does the Secret Service have a sense of humor?
What is the proper way to go about apologizing for an inappropriate sexual joke?
What are the best psychology jokes?
What is the funniest joke between girl and her dad?
What's the best Christmas joke you know?
What is quantification measure of funniness? Is there any such parameter to measure funniness in a humor pun or feel good activity?
What are the different genre of comedy movies?
Is there any good joke?
What is the funniest thing you saw today?
Was it wrong for the AI community to joke about the launch of the made up RocketAI company?
How many military jokes are true?
What are the funniest statements given by Indian politicians?
Is it bad to have a dark twisted sense of humor?
How can I become more funny to make girls laugh?
Why does it seem conservatives have no sense of humor?
What are some funny jokes about people who are obsessed with football?
Kapil Sharma hard working for his new upcoming film Firang and the Kapil Sharma Show Sony TV?
Is Veep season 4 still comedy?
What is the funniest thing you've seen during a flight delay?
I am a comedy writer, and I want to start a business of some sort. What kind of business is suited for someone in my current line of work?
Why do some people make the exact same joke every time you see them?
What is the song played in Christmas commercial of Comedy Central?
Which is your favorite comedy scenes/jokes from Impractical Jokes?
How does a comedian measure the laughter intensity in his/or in her Laughter-Measuring-Machine?
What is truth behind the Versification (Shayri) of Siddhu Pazi from Comedy nights with Kapil? Is he really able to make it instantly?
What are some extreme sick jokes?
What movies would you like to see Kate McKinnon headline, remake or reboot?
Which is best Black comedy books of all time?
What are the best psychology joke pictures?
What is unique about Jewish humour? Is it self-derogatory or dark or what?
In the 1988 comedy film "A Fish Called Wanda", what do the main characters attempt to steal?
I'm an actor/comedian. But whenever I post up a video or achievement on fb none of my actor/comedian friends respond to it. Why is that?
What are some ugly jokes?
What are some of the cringiest jokes you have heard?
What is your favorite joke about an obscure topic?
What are some period jokes?
What did Voltaire mean when he said, "God is a comedian playing to an audience that is too afraid to laugh"?
What's a silly one-line joke?
What are some good Internet Explorer jokes?
If you had written The Divine Comedy who would you have put in hell?
Can student have any problem to fill medical entrance exam form after 2 years from 12th with age 17?
What are some good examples of funny/creative product packaging?
What is a joke that isn't that funny but you like for another reason?
Why do majority of people hate men with dark sense of humor?
How does it feel to go on The Kapil Sharma Show?
Do nowadays comedians think that they will ever be as good as the old ones?
What are some really good jokes?
What's the joke behind a army captain saying "I was just thinking…"?
Who are some top standup comedians?
Is it ok to laugh with yourself?
How do you write a comedy play?
What can be the funniest cheesy lines by women?
How do I make my friend laugh?
What is the funniest TV show you've ever seen and why? I'm feeling blue so I could use a pick me up ha
What is the joke about the guy walking into the bar and three challenges?
What is the funniest talk you have seen on Quora?
What are the funniest/wierdest/craziest texts you have recieved?
What are the best jokes you have come across on demonetisation?
Are there more songs like the "Four Chord Song" and "Repeat Stuff"?
What are the best cowboy movies from Hollywood? (adventure, comedy)?
What is the future of humour?
For you, when did Saturday Night Live stop being funny?
Is everything in Kapil Sharma show planned?
Are rape jokes supposed to be funny?
What's a funny joke that took you time to understand?
Was the comedian Bill Maher humiliated when Trump was elected?
Are there people who still find SNL funny?
What are the best adult jokes that are couple-friendly?
What is the funniest picture of all time?
What are some of the wittiest Q/A's on Quora?
What is something funny you did as a teenager?
What are some internal TCS jokes?
Is it true that people having good sense of humor are intillegent too?
Why are vines funny?
What's a good mobile platform to create short to mid-length comedy skits?
Who are the top stand up comedian in India and other countries?
What are some of the funniest out of office replies you have encountered?
I'm a comedy writer for an animation studio. Should I start my own studio, so I'd have the freedom to create my own content?
What's your favorite joke from "Friends"?
Does the real President Obama voice himself in Conan's “Trump calls Obama” videos?
What are some funny chemistry or science based jokes?
What are the funny moments in Friends when Chandler's jokes backfired at him?
What are some good comedy writing prompts?
Who are writing WhatsApp jokes actively?
If puns are "the lowest form of humor", what is the highest?
What makes you sore and walk funny?
Can self deprecation always work as a form of comedy? Does it ever reach a point where it stop being funny/become bland?
How do I meet standup comedians after the show?
What is the best bar joke?
Why are famous Indian YouTube channels mostly centered around comedy?
Do you know any dark jokes?
What are some good Odia Jokes?
Have you slapped anyone in non-funny way?
What are some 30 sec jokes?
What are some good jokes about database systems?
Why do people assume comedians don't have anything worthwhile to say?
What are some jokes that are funny on many levels?
What is comedy gold?
What are your favorite scenes from comedy movies?
Is there any funniest death on earth?
How can I be naughty in a funny way?
Why are there so few conservative recording artists, comedians, and humorists/satirists?
What was the funniest thing your computer has ever done?
What are some of the funniest lines from your own personal writings?
What kinds of things can I do with comedy online?
What are your favorite anti-humor jokes?
What are the most funny MCQ questions?
What is the funniest iFunny feature ever?
Can you share the Hindi jokes on marriage?
What is your favorite sentence you've ever written?
Which is recent topic in India for comedy purpose?
What are some hilarious jokes about boys?
What are some good stupid jokes?
What is your dirtiest joke?
What are the top 10 Bollywood romcoms and comedy movies after 2008?
What is the funniest thing you have seen today?
What are some cat jokes?
What should I do if one of my friends cannot take a joke in good humor?
What is the cleverest joke you know?
Why aren't comedy movies as appealing as sitcoms?
In what sense are the values carried in the development of drama and medieval comedies opposed to those of the Victorian Age?
What are some funny miscommunication stories?
Will Hillary ever drive?
Which movies are good Christmas romantic comedies?
What are some funny jokes to tell someone on their 21st birthday?
What is your favorite Duterte joke?
Why do racoons have funny patterns?
Is making your chubby character in your story the comedy relief offensive?
What was the funniest thing you ever witnessed as a child?
How do you become funny when youre told to?
What are some good stand-up comedy bits about addiction or sobriety?
Do they make good comedy movies in Pakistan? What would be some good suggestions?
Can an introvert guy with a sense of humor score a girlfriend?
How does someone create a comedy blog?
Should comedy be objective or subjective?
How come so many promotional posters for comedy films have white backgrounds?
What are some potentially amusing examples of Muppet adaptations?
What are some comedy songs that are actually really beautiful?
What is the funniest thing you did to get out of the class in college?
Can you describe the comedy in Atlanta (The Donald Glover TV show) as subtle?
Which is the picture that always makes you laugh?
What are some funny situations at your office when you were embarassed?
Psychologically, what makes something funny?
Did George Washington have a sense of humor?
What is the most universal form of comedy?
How can I make a funny 5 minute skit?
Can questions make you laugh?
What are some examples of funny aphorisms?
What is best example of humour in India?
What characteristics define the comedy of manners?
What is so funny about seeing The Pips performing solo, without Gladys Knight?
What can a funny reaction video's topic be?
Have jokes been getting funnier?
How different were Carol Burnett and Vicki Lawrence's comedic styles?
Why do people cut jokes on Sardarjis usually?
What are some Bollywood romantic and comedy movies?
What are some good gaming jokes?
What is the funniest thing your parents have done?
What does funny people have in common?
Are there any people that are well known in comedy but also well respected in literature?
Why are there so many jokes about arsenal and no. 4?
Are the jokes told in the whole world mostly the same?
What are your funniest or most interesting realisations?
How can I give my message to comedian Kapil Sharma?
What are some funny stories from the military?
What are some creative and short funny stories for kids?
What makes Monty Python so quotable?
How can I stop being awkward and funny?
How do Shakespearean comedies always end?
What is the driest funniest joke?
What are the qualifications of Indian YouTube comedians?
Who is your favorite not-so-famous comedian?
What is the best joke someone made about you?
What does the line "Keep your smartphone aside, a little courtesy never killed anyone" on Comedy Central mean?
Is there any way to contact Kapil Sharma?
What are best comedy movies of Akshay Kumar?
Has your writing always been funny or is that something you had to work on?
What was the stupidest/funniest thing to happen to you recently?
What are one of the best pun jokes you've heard?
What are some examples of funny Facebook photo comments?
What are some good jokes to tell someone who is having a bad day?
How can I convert tragedy of my life into comedy?
I've seen a comedy fully filmed in a car, do you remember the name?
What are some funny pranks to do on your brother?
What are some examples of funny teenage jokes?
What are your favorite Trump short-term jokes or anecdotes?
What are the best jokes about British politics?
What are your personal funniest moments?
What's your favorite dark joke?
What defines black humour?
What's the weirdest/stupidest conversation you've had with your conscience?
Is The Kapil Sharma Show better than Comedy Nights With Kapil?
What is a bee joke with the word egg?
What are some funny things to do at a talent show?
What are some good LaTeX jokes?
What are the best adult comedy films?
What are the major characteristics of humorous plays?
Why is the comedian Howie Mandel bald?
People who weren't funny before, how did you learn to become funny?
What are some examples of corny jokes that are funny?
What your favorite ATC joke?
What are some stories from the Quaran that are so stupid that they're funny?
What's your best racist joke?
Is SNL finally going to be funny again now that Trump has become president? I am sure comedy will ensue the next four years.
Who are the ten funniest writers/comedians of Punjabi?
What is comedian Jimmy Carr like offscreen?
What are some good examples of the comedic use of anachronism?
How would you map famous comedian to philosophers?
Who are some funny comedians on Twitter who don't tweet politics at all?
What are some funny jokes about basketball?
Why don't Americans get irony in humour?
Why do I lack the sense of humour? How can I be funny?
Why there are so many people becoming stand up comedian India these days?
What are the some funny wifi names you have ever seen?
What jokes do people make about you?
What are some comedy play with moral that can be played by 4 female teachers on children's Day?
What I should do to increase my sense of humor?
Which Tamil movies have Santhanam's best comedy?
How much does a good level standup comedian charge for a show?
I am 15 years old and just shaved my head bald, what are some jokes or pranks I can make?
Is it risky to say "I'll see you in court" as a joke?
What’s the funniest thing you've said or done when the Mormons came knocking?
What's your favorite inside joke on Reddit?
Did Kate McKinnon actually play the piano on the November 12, 2016 episode of "Saturday Night Live"?
Are married comedians depressed?
Was there a point in time when Spongebob was actually funny?
What are the most cringeworthy jokes to appear in the MCU?
What do you find to be hilariously funny?
Is "The Kapil Sharma Show" really funny?
Why do so many people seem not to get this joke ‘The dyslexic devil worshipper sold his soul to Santa.’?
What is the funniest thing you have heard a parrot repeat?
Do you know of the YouTube show The Most Popular Girls in School? If so, what do you think of it?
What is the funniest 'what-were-they-thinking?' product packaging you've encountered?
How much would it cost to purchase John Oliver all for myself?
What are some funny psychology experiments?
What is the best joke that you heard recently?
Why is Friends more popular than most comedies that have been or are still on TV?
Who are the best non-English-language comedians that I can watch online with English subtitles?
How can I become a good stand-up comedian in a medical college?
Do you have any 'bad' math jokes?
Are there any jokes that work only in your culture/language?
What are the funniest memes you have ever seen which you can't control the laughter even if you see them again and again?
Why did "The Kapil Sharma Show" not air on TV on 13th of November 2016?
What is the reason why sarcasm is the lowest form of humor?
What is a scene from a comedy movie that makes you cry?
What are some good Youtube channel suggestions if I’m DIY and comedy?
What is the funniest lawyer joke you've ever heard?
How do funny people’s minds work?
What are the memes do you think represent your countries’ sense of humor perfectly?
What is the funniest post you have ever seen on fb?
What's the funniest butt dial someone has ever sent you?
What is the best joke you've heard/read in 2016?
What is the funniest drunk call/text you have ever received?
What are some of the best comedy movies and TV shows that I should watch?
Are there any Cybersecurity jokes you know of?
What are some funny short bedtime stories for adults?
What is the name of application used by Jaivijay Sachan for making funny videos?
What are some conversations which went from sad to funny?
How is British humor different from American?
What is the funniest dinner prayer you've heard?
When are you ready to study at Ecole Philippe Gaulier?
Is performing stand up comedy just because you enjoy it (no intention to pursue it professionally) stupid/pointless?
What's the funniest art that you've ever seen?
What do you call a man who makes promises he can’t keep?
Do you love Bobcat Goldthwait's comedy?
I am a comedy writer working mostly freelance at the moment. What should I do with my work when I start working on my own projects?
What are the favorite Trump short form jokes or anecdotes?
What are some funny improvisation scene ideas?
What are the current successful TV programs in Pakistan? What are some successful comedy programs there?
Have you ever invented a funny joke?
What is the phenomenon of unfunny female comedians?
Who are some of Stewart Lee's influences?
How much of the TV show "Whose Line Is It Anyway" is really improvised?
How many ethnic jokes can one make on Quora?
What are some comedy-drama films?
What is a joke with some deep meaning?
What is the best joke you’ve ever heard which made you laugh like crazy?
Do comedy actors get yelled at by the director when they laugh during scenes like Seinfeld bloopers?
What is the most funniest thing you encountered during work?
What's the dumbest joke you've ever heard?
Who are the best stand up comedians that perform in Spanish?
What are some longer jokes that make up for length with humor?
What is the Hilarious Lines by Twinkle Khanna?
What are some other great TV shows like Saturday Night Live?
What are the best sketches from Richard Pryor?
Why has Shreya Ghoshal not yet appeared on The Kapil Sharma Show?
Why women are judged on cracking nonveg jokes?
Are memes a "low" form of humor?
Why do most stand up comedians wear all-black outfits on stage?
Which are the latest coming-of-age comedy films of Bollywood?
What are some tips for writing a black comedy screenplay?
What was that old Marathi comedy movie where girl's father came to know that there is lot of gold or goldmine on some mountain?
What are some funny 1st names?
What future business strategies will sustain comedy nights with Kapil's diffrentiation for better value creation?
What are some funny ideas for 3 printing?
What are the funniest Australian expressions?
Is the upcoming King Kong movie going to be a comedy?
What are some of the best jokes about your country?
What's the funniest joke from a child you've heard or read?
What are Shakespeare's most famous comedies?
How is Kapil Sharma (the comedian) in real life?
What's the funniest hoarding you've ever seen?
Where’s the funniest place you've ever fallen asleep?
Which is the funniest Gujarati joke you have ever seen?
Why do people think its funny to be mean?
Why are some women attracted to a snarky sense of humor?
Is it wrong to start a series as a straight up comedy then, after a few episodes, slowly introduce drama and much darker elements to it?
What are some of the best business comedy TV series?
Why are Beck Bennet and Kyle Mooney still on SNL?
What is the process behind writing hilarious scripts for shows such as The Office or The Simpsons?
What was your funniest password?
What is the funniest/stupidest conspiracy theory you've ever heard?
What is the intersection of medicine and humor?
What are some examples of funny speech topic ideas for kids?
What are some good examples of funny treasurer speeches?
How many hecklers are actually other comedians trying to upset a rival?
What type of pranks do Imps play?
As a stand-up comedy show producer, I'm going from 300 seat shows to 2000 seat shows. What kind of surprises should I be watching out for?
What funny quote should I write on my fzs?
Why aren't comedy movies nowadays funny anymore?
I want to be a comedian. Where do I start? Do I go to a comedian college? What kinds of comedians are there?
Why do people like comedic duets?
Who are some trust worthy beta readers that enjoy comedies and dramas?
What's the funniest/dumbest law you've ever seen?
What's your favorite political joke?
Do you believe in love at first laugh?
What are some yearly stand up comedy competitions in India?
Is political correctness destroying comedy?
What are some funny examples of disclaimers?
What are the types of comedy?
How do you develop an offbeat sense of humor?
How funny a conversation can you form between two people buying vegetables?
Which song is this ‘ Indian Parents, OCD and Electricity at Home - Stand Up Comedy by Kenny Sebastian ‘ in the beginning?
How do I find inspirational comedy writing classes?
Who is the best current SNL cast member?
When doves make a laughing sound does it indicate aggression?
Is it possible for an idea to be so ridiculous that it's "farcical"?
Is Louie CK's episode "Barney / Never" actually about the ex owner of the Comedy Cellar Manny Dworman?
Why are Jews humorous in nature?
How did Greek theater come to know comedies and tragedies? Where they based on myths?
Why do people watch Kapil Sharma's Comedy Nights when there is a better comedy show telecast on Times Now with Arnab Goswami as the lead player?
What are some good comedy series that start to get a bit darker later in the series?
What are some coolest sex jokes?
What are the ways to improve sense of humor?
What was the name of the old man who is in the YouTube entitled "funniest and Weird Laugh Ever"?
What's the funniest thing that's happened to you during band?
What is a joke that is common where you live but not often heard elsewhere?
What are some awesome "Time to leave this planet." posts?
How can slapstick comedy be used in pantomimes?
What are stand up police in India?
Why should we avoid making pointless jokes?
What are some quotes or phrases of Hindi which sound quite funny?
What’s the funniest thing that happened in your childhood?
What funny thing do you think Jose Moruhino said to Conte?
What happens in your brain right at the moment when the punchline of a good joke hits you?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of ‘The Kapil Sharma Show’?
What are some funny and interesting topics to rant about?
What are some easy and funny pranks to pull on your brother?
Do foreigners find Indian stand-ups funny?
What are some interesting funny stories with regards to your height?
If nothing is impossible then how do I put my toothpaste back in the tube?
What is the best short medical joke you have ever heard?
What are the classics of unintended humor?
What is your funniest experience while out and about?
Is the characteristic of being funny and wit something that can be developed or is it something we are born with or without?
What are some examples of a comedic irony?
What are some funny satire topics?
Where can I find a list of non-comedic/comedic substances?
What is the difference between wit, humor and sarcasm?
What are the funniest things officers have asked or said to you during immigration?
Why wasn't SNL shot last saturday?
I do not understand the meaning of this joke, and why it might be considered 'dark humour'. Can you explain it?
How do you develop comedy characters?
Do you find messing about and joking on Quora really funny?
Why Tamil audience are not ready to accept sensible and intense movies?
How do I write an amazing Telugu comedy script for mimicry?
Why does it seem like active servicemen and retired veterans have a very crude sense of humor?
How do I become naturally witty and funny around people?
How does Mark Haddon use humor in his novels?
What is the funniest thing a grandparent ever told you?
How can I be funny in conversations and have something to say?
How much is siddhu paid for comedy nights with Kapil?
What are examples of good skit ideas?
What are some good funny cartoon ideas?
Does adding more words or increased labor to a joke make it funnier?
What are the funniest event to have taken place in sports?
What are some incredibly funny comments ever by developers?
What is your favorite George Carlin bit?
As a police officer, have you ever been shot at?
What are some funny Japanese videos?
I hate having a sense of humor, nice and being fun. Why can't I be intelligent?
Are there any French sitcoms that I would enjoy?
What is Saturday Night Live's best election sketch?
Where can I find the full episodes of comedy nights with Kapil?
What are some great cop jokes?
Why is Saturday Night Live not live?
What different kinds of humor books are there?
Is the Kapil Sharma show worth watching?
Is humour the best way of conveying the most serious issues?
When writing about a blind character. Is it ok to have jokes about their disability?
Why is comedy gal Kathy Griffin so funny when she is so annoying?
Does anybody actually find Brody Stevens funny?
Who are the smartest comedians?
How do the different types of stand up comedy compare and contrast?
What are some examples of people who have combined music and comedy?
How do I find more female standup comedians on Netflix?
What are some examples of super funny pick up lines?
What’s the funniest thing you have ever witnessed in public?
What is the funniest conversation you have overheard in a restaurant?
What is the funniest conversation you have overheard in a public toilet?
What are some funny cheers and chants for kids?
What are the conventions of comedy?
What are some funny underwear stories?
What is the Greek old comedy characterized by?
What is the lamest thing you have heard about periods?
What do you think makes you a funny or nice person?
Is life nothing but a funny funny riddle?
What are some most underrated comedy TV series?
Why am I not funny?
Is there anymore dark humour artists like banksy?
What is an ironic comedy?
How do you know if you are funny?
Which is the best city for an aspiring comedian?
What is the funniest Q&A you ever read in Quora?
What are some funny ways to entertain someone?
Can my 13-year-old son get an open-mic gig for comedy? If so, how do I find one for him?
What is your favorite dark humor comedy?
Do you think that sense of humor is a genetical attitude?
What are the best open mics for comedians near Stanford University? Ideally not too far from Palo Alto
What are some instances of misogyny in comedy that you have come across in South Asia?
Will a narcissist stand me up?
What genre of comedy is Woody Allen?
What are some good jokes about Hinduism?
Who are some people that make a living online with comedy and creativity?
What are some funny stories in engineering?
What are some funny ways to wake someone up?
What is the funniest IT helpdesk (tech support) question you heard?
How many jokes should I tell per minute in a 3 minute stand up comedy routine?
What are some comedy romance manga suggestions?
What are the best manga romance comedies?
What are the INFP's preferences in music, movies and humor/comedy?
What phrase do you find funny?
What makes a super funny tshirt that has a very simple design and maybe 3 or 4 words?
What are some funny scientific history anecdotes?
What are some funny things to write on a cast?
Have you ever heard a word that made you change the way you think?
What are some movies with both comedy and motivation?
Why can I only watch comedy series?
What are some characteristics romantic and comedy anime have?
What are some characteristics of romantic comedy novels?
Who is the best comedy YouTubers in Argentina?
What is a comedy of manners?
What are some video recommendations that will surely make me burst out laughing (not stand up but more like interactions and pranks)?
How is comedy used in the entertainment business?
Why is Dolan Duck considered funny?
Why doesn't Bollywood make such comedy films in which the characters don't laugh but the viewer laughs hard?
What do you think makes someone funny and someone else not funny at all?
Now that the Chicago Cubs have won the World Series, has hell frozen over?
What are some of Hindi comedy drama films for children?
What is the funniest racist/ethnically offensive joke you've ever seen/heard?
I want to be a comedy writer. Where do I go from where I am now?
What is the best comedy teen movies?
What is the difference between humour and joke?
What's the main and most important difference between Burlesque and Cabaret?
What are some tips for making funny commentsand pictures on Facebook?
What are some romantic comedy monologue ideas?
What are the best jokes of Bucky Roberts (TheNewBoston)?
What is the most inappropriate time you've burst into laughter?
What is the nastiest joke you've ever heard?
What is Kapil Sharma (comedian) educational qualification?
What are some funny, random things you think about?
Are jokes funnier when they're components to revenge or when they're ironically insightful?
Can engineers be funny?
Have you ever been to Kapil's show?
What are some easy funny talents?
What's the very best/funniest thing that ever happen to you for bluffing, tricking or otherwise pranking other people?
What are some examples of misleading jokes?
What are some jokes made by Chandler that one cannot relate to?
Which political stand up comedy bits have gone viral?
Do comedians find it intensely positively reinforcing when others laugh at them?
What is the funniest thing you have ever heard an exchange student (or any foreign person) say?
What is humour and wisdom?
What are some of the funniest articles on TVtropes.com?
Could a (future) AI develop a sense of humor?
How is GEICO able to make such consistently funny ads?
Is life a bad joke?
What are some instances where your parents trolled you in a humorous way?
What is Jewish humor?
What is British humour like compared to American humour?
Why is the offbeat humor considered funny?
What is the most romantic funny story you have about your lover?
What are good or decent movies on Netflix that are not comedies or romantic or “too much” action movies ?
Why is Donald Trump a good comedian?
What do you think about this PPAP cover?
What are some good romantic comedy anime that I should watch?
What is the darkest joke you know?
How do I get beginner stand-up comedy gigs?
What sketch is it Billy Connolly talks about getting an "Incredibly itchy arse" and makes the quote "My god my arse is incredibly itchy"?
What are some skits Saturday Night Live should run for the 2016 Presidential Election?
In regards to roasts, what is the difference between funny jokes and hurtful if not spiteful jabs?
What languages are most conducive to word-play comedy?
What are examples of humorous duets?
Why is the comedy scene in Quebec dominated by men, and mostly white men?
Do you like funny videos?
Who is more popular, funnier, richer stand up comedian Russell Peters or Trevor Noah?
What is the shortest joke you have ever heard?
What is Erin Sonier’s favourite comedy?
How do you say "lame", "cheesy", and "cringey" in German?
I feel that all the characters of Kapil Sharma show are more talented than Kapil Sharma. What do you say?
How can one heal their "foot-in-the-mouth" situation when it comes to personal & professional relationships?
Can you watch Saturday Night Live early (i.e. in real-time) if you live on the West Coast?
Trump's joke: "Raise your hand if you're not a Christian conservative" was hilarious. When did Hitler tell a joke that funny?
What is the funniest English, Irish and Scottish man joke?
What are some good Supernatural/superpower/comedy anime?
Which song did The Vamps sing in The Kapil Sharma Show?
What do Republicans think of Ann Coulter? I saw her recently on a comedy central roast of Rob Lowe and wondered what the Right thinks about her.
What is the worst stand up special of all time?
What are some good skit ideas about prudence?
When was the last time Ricky Gervais was funny?
How much content in terms of time does a stand up comic has to come up with in a year?
Tanmay bhat says that it is bad to makes jokes on fat people. Is it okay to make rape jokes on children and breast jokes on baby girls?
What is the most funniest thing you ever saw on YouTube?
What movies, or sequences in movies do women find funny?
How do stand-up comedians handle ego crushing humiliations in the beginning of their careers?
Are jokes about race or religion permitted in Quora?
When was the last time you did or said something that could be called "preposterous"?
Who loves Catherine Tate and what's your favorite comedy clip?
What’s a funny wifi name that uses Trump?
Will stand up comedy work outdoor?
What skits do you predict on Saturday Night Live based on the September 26th Debate?
What is the one main difference between The Kapil Sharma Show and Comedy Nights With Kapil?
Can you show me some of your funny sketches which will make me laugh?
Should Quebecois comedians change their jokes that would be permissible for rural audiences to be more sensitive when doing the same act in Montreal?
Why do some people find think that witty jokes and comments aren't funny because they dont get it?
Are there any comedy clubs in Hanoi?
What are some good, witty comedy routines that can be found on YouTube?
Why some faces are blur in funny videos?
What are some funny cheerleading awards?
What is dry British humour and how is it used?
Why do Americans clap at comedy shows?
What are the funniest conversations you've had using proverbs?
Where can I find a compilation of romance fail moments?
Do Chinese people like to watch comedy?
Should Comedy Nights Bachao be banned after the racism on Tannishtha Chatterjee?
What are the best comedy movie I can find on YouTube?
What is the best joke I can say in 10 seconds?
What style of comedy does the British comedian Lee Mack use?
What is the funniest thing you have done during an official meeting?
What is the most funniest thing your parents or family did?
Is there any pro-Trump comedian?
How do Shakespeare's comedies and tragedies differ?
What things look similar to a double chin (funny)?
How can I be not a nonsensical funny person but a funny person with sense?
Is there a place for a stand up comedy in Guwahati?
Why do stand-up comedians tend to the left side of the political spectrum?
Which anime do you think is the funniest one ever made?
What factors may contribute to some people having a much sharper sense of humor than others?
How can I be humourous in chatting?
What are some examples of romantic anime series with comedy that is not over the top?
What are some funny locker prank ideas?
What makes a comedian successful?
What good films can you advise (action-comedy-phantasy)?
What are some funny but wise things you've heard from or said to anyone?
What's the funniest explanation you've given your kids?
What are some funniest auto-corrects of yours?
What makes you laugh? Do you like comedy shows? Why (not)?
What are some of the funniest short video clips (less than 5 minutes)?
What's a good TV show for an ENTP?
What are some good skit ideas about proactivity?
What are some funny or odd things to do in Chennai, India or Kollywood?
What are the funniest comedy plays in Indian theatre?
If possible, how would I become as funny (or almost as funny) as Chandler Bing?
Were should I go to become a comedian?
How do I communicate with humour?
What makes the best comedians so funny?
What is the best place to start off with trying out stand up comedy in Bangalore?
Who is the your favourite comedian in etv Telugu Jabardasth (comedy show)?
Are jokes at someone’s expense sometimes appropriate?
Why is Shakespeare's play "Much Ado About Nothing" taken as a comedy?
Why is Comedy Central India down?
What are the implications if your wire size is of smaller ampacity than rated circuit breaker rating? (150mm.sq. for 350AT CB)
Why do some people have a funny mood?
What was your funniest visit to the doctor?
What's a funny poem I can read?
Write a good comedy play for 7-8 kids with a good moral value?
What are some good skit ideas about power?
What are the best Hindi or Indian jokes ever?
Why do people always say that they have a horrible sense of humor?
Does Ron Adams ever joke around?
What is your top tips for new comedians for writing jokes?
Why do people find overrated Kapil Sharma funny?
What can be a funny and hilarious name for my new fb page in which I'll share jokes and funny contents so as to gather millions of audience?
Of all the recent FOX Sunday night comedies, which are the best?
How do I practice writing comedy?
Is there anything funny about restaurants?
What are best comedy films and serials in English?
When it comes to comedy, what is offensive and what is not?
What is the funniest joke you know?
Where can I learn stand up comedy in English near Bandra, Mumbai?
What is comic timing? What does it mean?
What is the best known joke for you?
How does Second City uniquely prepare actors for careers in comedy?
Which are the best Hindi comedy movies?
What are your favorite funny animal videos or gifs?
How do comedians invited to roasts come up with their jokes?
What are some of the best comedy films in Hollywood?
What is your favorite British comedy for witticisms?
What are some funny yet real laws in Ohio?
If someone makes a funny face at me should I make one back at them?
When did your serious mood spoil by seeing something funny?
Where can I find hilarious adult jokes?
What are some funny things people do?
What are some lesser known facts about The Big Bang Theory (TV series)?
Is there a name for 'correlation comedy'?
Which comedy show is the best and why: Comedy Nights Bachao/Live or The Kapil Sharma Show?
What are the funniest mistakes in restaurant?
A lot of "comedies" we see on film today are mediocre and sometimes just make you cringe. Do you think comedy in movies is declining?
Where do I present the stand-up comedy here in Mumbai?
What are some funny invitation line that cant be ignored?
What is the most funny memory training method you ever tried?
Who is the most influential comedian today? Either standup, television, or film, who do you think is the best?
What is the funniest joke about restaurants?
Why do we find violence funny sometimes?
What are the best French comedies from recent years?
While watching the seasons 6 and 7 of The Office, did you notice that Steve Carell lost interest in the show?
Which are some of the best jokes you have ever heard?
Does Chris Rock regret his "How Not to Get Your Ass Kicked by the Police" comedy video?
What are the funnest political jokes about this election?
Can you give examples of Jewish humor?
How can I write funny prose pieces for a competition?
How is humor used in the book "Paradise Now" by Chris Jennings?
Which was the trip that made you laugh the most?
What is funniest answer ever said by a waiter?
How does Paramount Comedy Russia make money?
Have you ever found a mistake in a book?
Why are Indian critics incapable of praising new comedy movies and can't get over the classic comedy movies of Bollywood?
What is the funniest thing you have ever heard weed called?
Which song plays during comedy central India TV ad of The Carmichaels Show?
What is it like to go onstage at Second City for the first time, in light of all the comedy greats who started on that stage?
Is it true that the East India Comedy are coming to Belgaum, Karnataka?
What are some funny but seriously true facts about Bangalore?
What are your funniest pick up lines that actually worked?
What does it mean if I joke with my teachers?
What are some of the strangest/funniest inside jokes you have with someone else?
What is the funniest or the strangest thing you have seen a drunk person do?
What are some funny comments from muslim clerics?
Which is the most hilarious character, played by Kapil Sharma?
What are the best animes featuring sex jokes?
Which are the best jokes according to you?
What are the best comedy shows or the people who show their greatest talents shows to watch?
What are some funny airport stories?
How has humor changed?
Do people find Andy Borowitz exceptionally funny?
Which actor is best known for his/her dry wit/humor?
Which song is played in background during Citizen Khan promo on Comedy Central?
What is one book that contains damn genius romantic comedy conversations like TFIOS?
Where can we hire comedians in India?
What are some funniest conversations (indian) you can write within 200 words?
What are some funny examples of mnemonics?
What did kapil say on his show when ritesh says they have a school?
Are most comedians funny in real life and daily interactions with people, or is that a common misconception?
Why is it that stand-ups, improvisers, and sketch writers rarely try to become vine or instagram comedians?
Is Kapil Sharma going to join Sidhu's party?
What are the best jokes out there?
What is the funniest stand-up comedy bit you've seen?
How much does Kapil Sharna pay to guest?
How do I know if something is a dad joke?
What prompted you to direct a superhero movie when you were already established in the comedy genre?
What does "comedy" mean? What are some examples?
Who are some of Gigi Wolf’s favourite humour writers?
What is the funniest threat your parents made to you?
What is the funniest scene from Bloodline?
What typifies a sociopath?
What are the best examples of sarcastic characters, with real wry humor in modern or famous novels, scripted media (not comics)?
What are the funniest toilet pranks?
Did Jerry Seinfeld know he was funny before he started doing stand up comedy?
Are there any good comedians who have Down's syndrome?
What are things you do for your own personal amusement?
What are some improv topics I can do?
What are some jokes made out of double chins?
Where can I read humor books online?
Which is the song Chris Gayle sang in "The Kapil Sharma Show"?
What's the funniest experience you've had with an older person who didn't understand current technology?
Has comedy on social media gone too far?
What are the name of police comedy movies?
What is the funniest thing that made your whole day?
What are funny things about programmers?
Why stand-up comedians in India swear on stage while performing their act?
Will there be a third season of the Australia comedy Utopia?
What are your top 10 favorite sitcoms?
How many comedians does it take to change a lightbulb?
What will happen if Dr. Mashoor Gulati quit The Kapil Sharma show?
What are some examples of funny and innocent verbal pranks?
Isn't The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy overrated?
What western monsters are considered "funny" or look odd to other cultures?
What is the best comedy movie ever?
I'm not a funny guy, so how can I turn myself into a fun guy or funny guy?
Are comedians like regular people?
Is it true that Donald Trump was once a stand up comedian?
How do I find something funny in studies?
What does the phrase "humour me" mean?
How does an SNL comedy sketch looks like (writing format)?
Who dislikes pathos in comedy?
What's the funniest thing you've seen done to a student who wasn't paying attention?
Is Amy Schumer offensive or amusing?
What was your favorite Saturday Night Live cast member and why did you like them?
Why is Suits (Legal Drama) being aired on Comedy Central which airs only Sitcoms?
Why is Jake Williams so funny?
Does humour have any particular definition?
Are scorpios funny?
What subjects are normally discussed in a dry sense of humor?
What are the characteristics of a dry sense of humor?
What is the funniest excuse you have been given for not getting paid by an Indian company?
Who do you like more, Kapil Sharma or Sunil Grover?
What are some of the best humorous Urdu poets and best humorous poetry and ghazals?
Is German humor dark when compared to French, English, and American fare?
What was the most humorous moment you have?
What are some lame but funny jokes?
What are your thoughts about Kapil Sharma's jibe on "Achche Din"?
Is it a contempt of court if you crack a joke on it?
What are some jokes in Neerdose that might have gone unnoticed by the audience?
Are there any places in Chicago that let sketch groups perform and try out some of their material?
How a technical joke or a scientific joke would look like?
What are some amazing & mindblowing facts about Bhuvan Bam?
What is the funniest expression you know, if you take it literally?
Would you record yourself telling a joke on a social network?
Do young people watch Louis CK? Does his brand of comedy appeal to them?
I am not good at joking and often feel embarassed at a party or meeting. How do I become funny and humorous and bring more happiness to others?
What are humorous responses to question "how are you doing "?
What is the funniest drug related joke you have ever heard your teacher say?
What is the name of the song being played on Comedy Central India's "All This Month" ad? (September 2016)?
When the crowd is tough do comedians change their routine to be more sarcastic?
Why is Kapil Sharma is not punished for, giving bribe under IPC 171?
What was the best decade for U.S. sitcoms?
If girls with large breasts work at Hooters, then why don't girls with only one leg work at IHOP?
What is the funniest thing you have heard today?
What is the funniest thing about your country?
What are some current affairs with a funny side?
How do you know if something is funny to your audience?
Is it ok to not be as funny as everyone else around me?
Does kapil use teleprompter?
What's the reason behind Kapil Sharma copying Naved?
What are your funny sexual stories?
Is humor dependent on age?
Can someone give me a funny full form of mystery?
What is senseless humor? What are some examples?
What are some good comedy TV shows with many seasons?
When late night talk show hosts tell multiple monologue jokes pegged to the same news story, why do they repeat the details of that story each time?
Do AIB represent in Indian youth choice of comedy?
What is the funniest thing that happened to you in a museum?
What are some examples of bad comedy?
What are some of the most funny/interesting experiences you've had on a playground?
What kind of people don't watch comedy movies?
What is the best social comedy american series could I watch?
How do I start a carrier in stand up comedy in india?
What are some scientists that also are comedians?
What are some funny rules for dating?
How does it feel to be the most financially successful comedian of all time?
What are some funny football memes?
What is the funniest mistake you did and it gives you a laugh when you remembers it?
What was Aristophanes' enduring legacy in comedy?
What is the first joke that you heard in school?
Do the comedians have a code of honor?
What is the best Brazilian (comedy) TV series to learn the colloquial language?
Why are the family rooms in American sitcoms so cluttered with stuff?
What is the effect called when a sound track suddenly comes to a screeching halt? This effect is used in comedies.
Why is Tartuffe considered a comedy?
What would work as great comedies in the MCU and which characters would be in it?
What is the importance of comedy in a play?
I'm super sensitive. How can I appreciate & not be offended by my guys dry humor?
What are some ways of avoiding extremely inappropriate jokes from my friends?
Is it possible to make a computer tell a joke?
What is the best lawyer joke?
What is a good example of a joke that is universally unoffensive?
What is comedy important in a drama?
Does cracking a joke on supreme court amount to crime?
Does comedy vary from culture to culture?
I'm interested in writing satire and humorous columns. What are some good publications to submit to?
What are the most unintentionally hilarious movies you have ever seen?
What are some good jokes about hacking?
Can you joke about your own problems in front of others?
They say, now we laugh at politicans and listen to comedians. What are some examples?
Is Kapil really that funny, or is it all scripted?
Which people are more funny and witty on social media, left wingers or right wingers?
What episode of Comedy Circus Krishna-Sudesh played prank on Comedy Nights with Kapil Show?
Were people really offended by Comedy Central's Rob Lowe/Ann Coulter roast?
Why are there jokes on the year 2016 on the internet?
What is your funniest flight experience?
Should you answer joke questions with serious answers?
What is the best way to get into stand up comedy in Detroit / Chicago as a female? How do I know if I'm even funny or not?
Who are the best Indian standup comedians?
What do you think of Sam Hyde?
What is satire and how did it become related to comedy and parody?
Who wrote the SNL sketch “Close Encounter”?
How do black comedy and satire differ from each other?
What are some humorous resignation letters?
Is there a comedians Union?
What are some examples of funny conservative jokes?
What episode of Comedy Circus Krishna-Sudesh made fun of show Comedy Nights with Kapil?
Can I find a Stand Up Comedy Pub in Southampton?
Humor is dependent on age, how do I change that to a funny and engaging title?
Who will play Barack Obama on Saturday Night Live during the 2016-17 season now that Jay Pharoah has left the show?
Debating on reddit if "JokeExplainBot" is real or not. Humor was something far beyond AI once. Has that changed? When will they grasp humor?
Who are the best comedians in Korea?
Should I watch Comedy Nights With Kapil or not?
What are comedy sites that take submissions for short stories or pieces?
What is an example of a short funny story for children?
What are some of the funniest things you've done as a child?
Who will be Larry Wilmore's permanent replacement on Comedy Central? Will the show retain the "Nightly Show" branding?
What do you think is the funniest joke ever invented by the human mind?
What is the funniest thing that has ever happened on a farm?
Why do I find my malicious thoughts funny?
What are the backstage secrets about the kapil sharma show?
What is dry comedy?
I have an internal injury but don't want to tell people. Whats a stupid response I can give when asked?
What is situational humor? What are some examples?
“Sarcasm is the lowest form of wit”. How can I break the habit but still be funny?
Why does one choose to become a comedian?
What are the comedy wild life photography awards?
What is the comedy movie with Albert Einstein called?
What is the funniest photo you have just seen today?
Has anyone won an Emmy Award in both drama and comedy for writing?
What is the qualification of stand-up comedians Sapan Verma, Azeem Bannatwalla, Kenneth Sebastian, Abish Mathew?
What will happen if I spend the whole day in watching comedy?
What are some funny indian words?
What are some jokes on language chauvinism?
Why do wallabies make funny sounds?
Is feminism understood through stand up comedy?
Which is the one best romantic comedy movie of all time?
What are some of the best/ funniest "Engrish" you've seen?
What are some of the funniest dating stories you've heard or experienced?
What is the funniest thing you have ever seen in tv?
What are some tips for creating hilarious, and unique YouTube videos?
What is the funniest/most embarrassing thing that's ever happened to you at work?
Does a girl like you if she looks at you after every joke she cracks?
What are some stand up comedy scripts?
What is the average number of jokes in a West Wing episode?
What are the best cartoon comedies that aren't afraid to have a philosophical meaning to their episodes?
What is the funniest moment in any sport?
Have our politicians become the stuff of Hollywood comedy?
What are ways to develop a "broish" sense of humor?
What are the most funniest comments ever?
Why are clumsy animals funny?
What are the most ridiculous facts about Rio 2016?
Will stand up comedy work in engineering collages of india?
Does Kapil Sharma think his show won't run without the vulgar jokes?
Has there ever been a study quantifying the effects of humour on productivity?
Was Danny Thomas the king of spit takes? In other words, has any comedian used spit takes more than Danny Thomas?
What's the funniest sketch you've ever watched?
Is comedy limitless?
How can I start an online petition to keep Larry Wilmore's show on Comedy Central?
What's the funniest joke you've heard that wasn't rude or insulting?
What kind of influence does acting training have on comedic ability?
Should I watch Comedy Nights Bachao or not?
"My friend Gavin died" joke, can someone explain it?
Why are some good jokes on Modi?
What do you think about Arafah (girl who’s wearing hijab from Stand Up Comedy Academy) and the whole stand-up comedy phenomena in Indonesia?
Calculate the mass of sun with seven apples. I know this question is a joke and impossible to answer. What if it’s possible, how would it be?
Brendon, what do you attribute your success in the football, mma, comedy, and t-shirt realms? Is it hard work or talent?
What is the best joke till date?
Why are so many people offended by Bill Nye's guest appearance on The Nightly Show, with Larry Wilmore?
Why did they put a laugh track on Mr Bean?
Can you come up with interrsting, funny but fake names for shows that don't exsist on National Geographic?
Why is it okay for shows like the Big Bang Theory to make fun of Asians, Jews, Christians, Whites but not blacks?
Do countries outside the U.S. have stand-up comedy in their own languages?
Why is British sense of humor so famous?
How would it be if Gautam Buddha was a Software Engineer in Apple?
What did George Carlin think of Monty python?
What comedians have a similar style to Megan Amram?
How do I understand smart comedy?
What are some funny parody ideas?
Why are comedians being called on Newshour debates?
What type of hurdles do comedians and stand up comedians face in India?
What's the funniest practical joke you have pulled on your kids?
Why Arijit Singh has not appeared in Kapil Sharma's show yet?
What are the best jokes on sports?
Do you like the first standup comedy by Robin Williams?
How would you compare German humor to American?
What was the first joke of all time?
Is the movie Little Miss Sunshine a drama or a comedy?
What are some funny monlogue ideas?
Is making jokes only means friendship?
What are the movies like We are the millers and due date (travel with some romantic comedy)?
What are the funniest things happens in IT industries in India?
What are some funny incidents that you witnessed/heard of?
What are some funny videos to send to friends?
How the American humor is different from Switzerland?
What are some jokes about entrepreneurship?
Is Sausage Party the best comedy of the year?
What is the purpose of the box in "Funny or Die"?
What are some of your most hilarious experiences/encounters with misers?
What is the best dark comedy novel?
What is the funniest/most inventive insult you've ever said/received?
How do I find a job for Stand-up comedian at any event?
Which are best hyderabadi comedy movies?
What are the characteristics of comedy in literature? What are some examples of it?
What is the funniest thing you've said in an inappropriate setting?
What are some funny first night stories?
The liberty bell was the theme tune to which classic British comedy show?
If at all, how are US TV comedies produced on the East Coast different from the West?
What are some examples of funny wedding party introductions?
How can I connect with Kapil Sharma for a business opportunity?
What makes things funny?
What did Norm Macdonald (Comedy God) mean when he said the following words for David Letterman? Especially the last line.
If I log in using my friend’s account on a website as a practical joke and make them follow random people and change their icon, could I go to jail?
What are the funniest usernames you have heard in your company?
Why does humour change so much from country to country?
What's the most complex type of humour?
What is the best adult comedy TV series?
Do comedians laugh at other people's jokes?
What are some examples of clean good jokes?
What is/was a funny running gag in your workspace/class?
What do you think is funny/where do you go to find humor?
What was the funniest thing you did or say to a scammer?
Which are some underrated stand-up specials on Netflix?
What is a good clean comedy show(s)?
Why do standup comedians feel they have to use the f-word so much? It doesn't make them seem intelligent.
How do stand-up comedians decide where to draw the line between being too offensive and being funny?
Do companies pay comedians to make fun of their brands?
Where can I get daily jokes?
What is so funny about hostile humor?
What was it like to anchoring The Kapil Sharma Show by Vijay Raaz?
Can everything be funny?
What are some good modern day comedies of manners?
What's the best Class Day speech ever given at Harvard?
Is it true that Americans don't like British humor as found in sitcoms or comedies?
What are other stand-up comedians like Sebastian Maniscalco? Comedians that seem so serious about the stuff they talk about.
What are some essay contests for comedy writing?
Is Chris Rock right about marriage (as per his comedy)?
How do you call someone who can instantly switch to another accent, whilst continuing using the same language? E.g. switch from London to NY accents
What are comedies similar to The Big Lebowski?
What are some of the funniest jokes in English?
How did Andy Kaufman influence comedy?
What do you think the chances are Larry Wilmore gets a show on HBO now that he's been canceled at Comedy Central?
What are the best made up games by Sheldon Cooper?
What do you think about comedy movies?
What would be a good practical joke to play on Donald Trump?
How does western jokes differ from asian jokes?
Can anyone make some classic bad jokes?
What are some cheesy science jokes?
Should I watch The Kumars at No. 42 or not?
What is the funniest story only a person from your culture would appreciate and laugh at?
Has Comedy Central increased the popularity of F.R.I.E.N.D.S?
Do Americans need a funny and cool president or a one that the population will take benefit of?
How can I integrate humour into my speech?
Did Muhammed have a sense of humor about himself?
In my experience, one must be intelligent to have a sense of humor. Are either Trump or Hillary known to be funny?
What are some funny and/or unusual dictionary entries in modern dictionaries?
What is a great quick joke?
Who are the best comedians in Japan?
Why would SNL fire Taran Killam and Jay Pharoah?
Who are some surprising people that enjoy a good fart joke?
What is the most disgusting or funny rumour you have heard about you?
Which is the French comedy movie on Paris housing crisis?
What are some examples of the most funniest mottos?
What is the best comedy videos by Indian comedians?
What characterizes snarky humor?
How worse one PJ (pakau joke) can be , which anyone has heard of?
Why is Azeem Banatwalla from East India Comedy under-rated?
What are some of the challenges of stand-up comedy?
How do I blog about humour?
Why are politically incorrect jokes funny?
What is meant by "snarky humor"?
What are some funny stories from working in the recruitment industry?
How do I practice my accents and impressions as a comedian in NY when I am never alone?
What would be the funniest moment in front of your teachers?
How did Barry Martin become a comedian?
What are the funniest things that happened when you were travelling anywhere?
What's the funniest conspiracy theory you have ever heard of relating to jews?
Does being around funny people make me funny?
Are humans the only species to experience humor?
What makes Barry Martin a successful comedian?
What are some examples of funny extempore topics?
What are funny names you gave to your principal?
What is it like to make the jump from MMA to comedy?
Can you do a spoof of Sam Smith's "Writings on the wall" as "Writings on Quora"?
What is the best joke that you ever said to one of your family members?
How is comedy presented by Shakespeare in "Twelfth Night"?
What are some hilarious last names?
What is verbal humor and what are some examples of it?
Why aren't there that many American "adult" cartoons that are about action rather than comedy?
How can American comedians make fun of politicians without expecting to be harassed by the government, while the opposite happens in India?
How much would you pay for a 400 joke ebook for kids?
why do people say “funny because it’s true” to describe something funny?
Why does comedian Katt Williams get in so many fights?
What are the funniest transfer rumours in footall?
How do you make a funny movie?
What are some extremely short hilarious jokes?
What are some humorous things found in British history?
What was up voted the funniest joke ever?
Is it possible to find your partner not on the basis of looks but with sense of humor?
What are some funny stories about managers at Tech companies?
Why do people think physical humor is always wrong?
How does digital media influence comedy?
Is humor negatively compulsive?
How can someone have a sense of humor?
Do people do comedy abroad?
What are some funny Christmas characters?
Can we laugh on the same joke twice?
Do you know any funny limericks?
What is the type of humor that you think people need these days?
What is the worst excuse you've ever heard?
How are shows like Silicon Valley or Saturday Night Live able to use various brand names in their shows?
What is the funniest, most devious, clever practical joke you ever played on a brother, sister or coworker?
What are some of the cleverest and most well thought out jokes you have heard?
What are some examples of people with amazing sense of humor?
What are some of the funniest gender copypastas?
What are some humor hotlines? How can I contact them?
Who is more famous Kapil Sharma or Ylvis (Norwegian comedian)?
What joke or story did you create?
What are some AP biology jokes?
What are some multicultural comedy TV shows?
What are facts?
Are therapists attracted to "dark humor"?
What do dedicated mime artists think of Sam Wills alias The Boy With Tape on his Face alias Tape Face?
My girlfriend said I have Puzzling sense of humor. What does that mean?
What are some examples of really funny chemistry jokes?
Why do we make funny faces during sex?
Why has comedy genre changed so much?
Stand-up comedy: When did the "your car is being towed" running gag originate?
Are there some self-contradictory facts about Quora?
Is HIMYM more offbeat in comedy than FRIENDS?
Are people with depression often extra-attracted to dark humor?
What do you think of the comedy of Monty Python?
Are there any 9GAG alternatives with more decent humor?
What is the most horrible joke you know?
What are some funny iphone games?
How can we work with crazy and funny way?
Do you have some funny Indian name for men?
What are the best latest romantic comedy movies?
What steps should I take to be a successful comedian or actor?
What is a futuristic comedian?
Which is the funniest 9gag post you've ever seen?
What are some amazing comedic or dramatic contemporary plays written after 1910?
Is being nice and funny bad?
What is patanjali?
Which of all Saturday Night Live skits was the funniest?
Was Richard Pryor the major influence for Eddie Murphy?
What are some amazing classical comedic or dramatic plays written before 1910?
What is something you find funny that many people consider offensive?
Do you know any adults who are awkward around children? How so? Any funny stories?
What are some of the worst/funniest things you've heard people say while under anesthesia?
Can you suggest some comedy movies?
What's a list of good action comedy movies?
I have a comedy series story idea, what are the ways to find a sponsor and to convince a director?
Why do guys make dirty jokes?
Is there a step by step guide to writing for SNL?
Do you feel there is not enough humor on Quora?
What are some popular Japanese sitcoms?
Where can I find some interesting humorous?
How does a Sardar feel while reading jokes about sardarji?
What are the most hilarious pranks that I can pull on my friends?
Monty Python: Which Monty Python movie did you enjoy the most?
What do you think is the most unfunny form of comedy?
What is the future of comedy?
Why are some offended by morbid or dark humour but some aren't?
How much does Kapil Sharma earn per episode of "The Kapil Sharma Show"?
What is it like to have to be a high level of funny on demand (since you are being paid to do so)?
What are some good ways to humor someone?
Can you define farcical humor? What makes it unique from other humor types?
Where can I find humour on Technology?
What is the worst excuse you have ever heard?
Why do comedy shows like The Daily Show give more cogent analysis than most news shows?
How can I be a funny guy by observing?
What are some of the funniest Photoshop fails?
What advice would you give for someone interested in comedy writing?
What about Amy Poehler is funny?
What are some of the funniest SNL skits to date?
Do gender differences exist in ability to appreciate crude humor? Why?
What do I do when I try to be funny but no one laughs?
Could anyone suggest novels with witty characters or humor?
Are there any open mic comedy spots for English speakers in Tel Aviv?
What is the funniest thing that happened to you as a doctor while practicing?
What is your favorite 9/11 joke?
What is the funniest thing that you saw happen while queuing?
Why did college humor stop doing POV?
Do you like British comedy?
What's the funniest thing you've ever cooked up?
What were the funniest SNL bits?
What are the unknown facts about Mr. Bean, the comedy character?
What are some funny college house names?
How can I make myself funny enough to write comedies?
Is it impolite to tell inside jokes in a meeting?
What will be the eventual outcome of Stephen Hawking's theory, More knowledge leads to bigger brains, which may lead to More child birth difficulties?
What is the Indian sense of humour?
What is something really funny that happened to you as a practicing doctor?
Which was the funniest moment in your college/office?
What is the funniest GOOD NATURED joke you have every heard about national rivalries?
What are some examples of funny catchy phrases?
Why can't I seem to laugh, even when I think a joke is funny?
How can I improve my sense of humor after surviving a BPD childhood?
What is the funniest misunderstanding you've had with somebody?
What categories of comedy do not involve "disparaging" a person or group of people?
What is the funniest incident you ever witnessed?
What are some great political jokes in India ?
What is the most funniest moment during Exams in school?
Is Kapil Sharma really a good guy?
Considering the sexual abuse allegations against Woody Allen, was the Errol Flynn joke from Cafe Society in bad taste?
Why do they spend to have people like Siddhu Paaji in shows like Kapil Sharma show?
What is the meaning behind the joke at the end of Batman: The Killing Joke (2016)?
Which video camera does the Kapil Sharma show use?
Have you ever come across a person who is a bit shy but good at heart?
Do you agree that comedian Leslie Jones is not funny and that she's weak, remember the scandal on Twitter?
Is it true what we are told about how rainbows are made?
What are some old jokes that were considered hilarious in their time but would fall flat before most modern (early 21st century) audiences?
What do comedians think about their shows ending up on YouTube for people to watch for free?
What does this "joke" mean?
Can any one tell me when does ' The Kapil Sharma Show ' get repeated ?
Is a brilliant sense of humor of any use to a lawyer?
What is the most funniest thing you ever did in class while teacher is present.?
What is the funniest fear you've ever encountered?
What is Quora's policy on humorous answers/reviews?
Which are the Best comedy movies ever?
Should the Kapil Shamra Show be banned for vulagrity?
Who expects the Spanish Inquisition?
Will SNL do a comedy sketch on the Trump children, as Rich Kids of Instagram?
What are some funny podcasts / podcasters?
What are some jokes or memes on hostel life in an engineering college?
What was the most offensive joke you made and what was the reaction?
What is the funniest thing you've read on a public restroom wall?
Why are some Shakespeare plays considered to be dark comedy?
What are the funniest made-up words you have ever made?
Which is the must watch comedy TV series of all time in english?
What were the jokes that cracked some of the greatest human minds up?
What are some exercises to practice improvisational comedy (improv) in a group?
When looking for a girlfriend, does it bother you if a girl isn't funny?
What is the most subtle but savage joke you know?
What do some stand up comedians repeat a sentence twice?
What are some jokes about Rodney King?
What makes Bill Bryson such a guy of great written humor?
What are some good nerd jokes?
What are other family-friendly comedies like Modern Family and Black-ish?
What are some funny text games or funny conversations to make girl laugh?
Am I the only one who thinks The Kapil Sharma show is no more a entertaining show?
I want to start some sort of entertainment website. What sort of thing could I do?
If Hollywood makes a remake of 'Andaj Apna Apna', what would be your recommendations for leading actors?
Why do sites like Metokur think it is funny to pick on people on Deviantart?
What is a dry sense of humour?
What is the best joke you have heard in life?
What are the homeopathy clinical tips for an intermittent fever?
How Indian TV channels earn money from shows like "Big Boss" and "The Kapil Sharma Show" apart from commercials?
Can we invite Donald Trump for Comedy Nights with Kapil?
Will stand-up comedian Eddie Pepitone release a follow-up of last year's special, 'In Ruins,' any time soon?
Why Mr.bean so funny?
What are some stories which are really funny or hilarious but actually have a deeper meaning within?
Friends (TV series): What is the story of the picture on Joey and Chandler's living room wall?
Do you think we gradually lose our sense of humor as we age?
Why do Laffy Taffy wrappers have jokes on them? What is there origin?
What if Ms. Manisha Koirala is invited as a guest in The Kapil Sharma Show?
Which popular sitcoms from the past would be considered antiquated, inappropriate, and offensive today?
What are some Air Force jokes about the Army?
What are some strong opinions that you guys currently have? They can be comedic, political, religious, or even sports related. I'm just very curious.
Why were there so many great family adventure & comedy movies in the 1980s?
What are some examples of funny social experiments?
What does it feel like to be a stand-up comedian?
What are some funny things I can look at?
Why is comedy so politically effective?
What is considered middlebrow comedy?
Would you consider TV shows who reference tragic events or people with diseases as disgraceful and something that shouldn't be done or just as humour that some people may not find funny?
What are some humorous topics for a process essay?
Which is the best tamil comedy short film?
Which practical joke can I do to someone in the computer?
What if Mr. Rahul Gandhi is invited as a guest in The Kapil Sharma Show?
What does "irreverent sense of humor" mean?
How much of what Norm Macdonald says in interviews is demonstrably false or contradicts things he's said before?
Why don't we use jazz in romantic comedies anymore? It was almost a must in the 80s/90s and now it seems to have faded.
Does anyone feel like US politics have become such a joke?
What are some good comedy and ecchi animes?
What is a coffee joke?
The Baby Dance. How horrifying is this video?
Why and how do some people become really really funny?
What was it like seeing Sam Kinison live?
How come some people are not funny?
How does humour improve people's life?
What are some of the famous Wipro jokes?
What are the other comedy/romanticTV series that you would suggest me to watch apart from FRIENDS?
What if Mr. Akbaruddin Owaisi is invited as a guest in The Kapil Sharma Show?
What are some other music groups whose performances are similar to Mnozil Brass?
What is the funniest mispronunciations from your kids?
How do I become a stand up comedian in NYC?
What are some good PG or G comedy anime?
Why do some people on the internet think every joke is a sarcastic one?
What are some good Humor publications on Medium.com?
What jokes did you hear as a child, now take on a different meaning?
What is one funny situation which everyone you think can relate to?
Why are all my joke questions marked for improvement?
What are funny action movies with few or no sex jokes and minimal swearing?
Should comedy ever avoid potentially offensive issues, or is offense always 'taken and not given'?
What if Cyrus Sahukar portrays Sunil Grover in The Kapil Sharma Show?
What's the funniest name for hell you've ever heard/come up with?
What Software Gaurav Gera uses to create “BilliMossi” like superimposed funny faces?
Hoteliers - Any funny or strange incidents that you have witnessed or been part of to be shared?
What makes 'satire' hard to sell?
Did Salman Khan laughed out the rape issue in The Kapil Sharma Show?
What are the most funniest short jokes for children?
What is an inside joke?
Is Kapil Sharma doubting his stand up comedy?
Are jokes like this coined from the Holy Books acceptable or over the line?
What do fans think of the TV show, 'The Golden Girls' today? Do they stand well in time or is it politically incorrect and outdated today?
What is the difference between bitter joke and black humor?
Is the romantic comedies genre deflating in audience and attention? (speaking for Hollywood in particular)
Which TV show should win best comedy at the 2016 Emmys?
Why does Quora have no sense of humor? I have never seen a website where intelligent and cleverly used humor was banned other than this.
How can I convince myself to put enough jokes into my upcoming book?
What do newsreaders find funny?
What was the funniest thing that you've seen your teacher do?
What are the funniest italian jokes?
How can I become a funny person?
I'm 25. With no acting experience, how can I become the next Will Ferrell/Steve Carrell?
What are the main obstacles to political comedy in the MENA region?
What if Mr. Asaduddin Owaisi is invited as a guest in The Kapil Sharma Show?
Is "The Book of Esther" a comedy?
What is the funniest thing you've ever heard a nurse say?
What is enjoyment? Is it only touring with friends and having comedy sessions for a girl of age 20?
Has watching comedy made you funnier?
What color(s) resembles humour that most?
What are some real Humorous incidents in one's life?
How does comedy affect society?
Do you know any pro-Trump comedian?
What is your funniest drug scoring story?
What is the process Andy Samberg uses to develop new comedic material?
Do comedians ever come up with jokes in their dreams?
What is the funniest name you have ever heard?
Is there anyone with the Mr. Chow (Leslie) type of humour?
Is Bharti Singh better comedian than Amy Schumer?
What are your funny experiences while crossing security check at the airport?
Memorable meals, do you have a recipe that has a funny story connected to it?
How do I stop taking my jokes too far?
What are some funny epitaphs written on tombstones?
What is the funniest thing that's happened to you on Halloween?
Why is Kapil Sharma's salary 8-10 times than that of any other member of TKSS?
Are there any practical ways to improve my sense of humor?
What games have you played that were as funny as they were illuminating?
What are some funny and outrageous stories in history?
What are some of the funniest tweets you’ve read to date?
I love making jokes about me and pitch these jokes out to friends. Does this imply I have low self-esteem?
What are some examples of funny sounding foods?
Is Louis CK the next George Carlin?
What tips might be included in a light-hearted or humorous "Immigrant's Guide to [Your Country]"?
What is the funniest nation in the world?
What are some comedy TV shows that spark creativity?
What is the most funny thing you have experienced while having sex?
What is the funniest thing that an officer has done during a traffic stop?
Can you crack a quick joke on the occasion of International Joke day?
What are some funny stories in tamil?
What are some famous people's names that sound unintentionally funny in another country?
What was the funniest experience you've ever had mispronouncing something?
What are your worst, best and funniest Muck-up Day experiences?
What is your review of King Of Comedy (1999 movie)?
Who are the best comedians of 2016? Why?
Why are adult males always portrayed so stupidly immature in most american movies and stand up comedy?
I am fascinated by the tv series Monk. Do you know any other similar series (comedy + crime + mystery)?
What was the funniest event you have experienced during a trip?
What one the funniest shows out now?
What are the most epic, funniest farewell emails ever sent in Japanese, Russian, German, Chinese, Korean and Spanish have you ever read?
What are your some of the double meaning conversations?
What are some funny and sarcastic monologues?
Who are some of the most introverted/shy stand-up comedians of all time?
What are the best double meaning jokes your teachers cracked in the classroom?
What compensation range do well known comedians make per night when touring?
Can you be funny on text only, but not as much in person?
What is the funniest American euphemism ever?
Do you think sarcasm is funny?
What was the most hilarious experience you've shared with a child?
What are some good alternatives to the TV show Friends?
Why do Hong Kong comedies suck nowadays?
How much experience do most comedians have when they get their first job to write for a talk show?
What are the funny radio interactions between F1 driver and team managers during the race?
What are some comedy questions that can't be answered?
What "funny" remark is actually not funny at all but gets told a lot in the country you live in?
Are the sitcoms currently on ABC all basically the same show with different characters in a different setting?
What is your review of Wise Guys (1986 movie)?
What is the funniest thing or conversation happend between you and your father?
Why doesn't Jim Carrey do comedies both qualitatively and quantitatively as he used to do?
What is the geekiest joke?
Is it legal to use jokes and funny from sites into your joke compilation book?
Is Jeff Dunham supposed to be funny?
Obviously James Bond is not a stand-up comedian, but is he generally characterized as funny, and why do women like him so much if he is not funny?
Who is the script writer of The Kapil Sharma Show?
What's the best way to write comedy in a novel?
What is the longest joke ever? (except your life)
What are the hilarious moments in cricket?
Which is your favourite Bud Spencer movie?
What is the best, worst and funniest thing about freelancing?
What is the best one-liner you ever heard?
What is differing humor?
How do I reinvent a failed idea, in such a way as to engage users, after having created a failed joke website whose gimmick is to reject orders?
What are the main characteristics of Shakespearean comedies?
In the uploaded episode of TKSS on Youtube, why the original background songs are supplanted by interlude?
What were some successful, elaborate practical jokes?
Can you use a joke you hear in a work? How can you tell truly where it originated?
Why are engineers often portrayed as unintelligent in jokes?
Who is more funny in real life Kapil Sharma or Sunil Grover?
What are the some of the funny rules followed across the world?
My brother said I was the family joke. Does this mean he thinks I'm funny?
What are some of the funny things happened while you were a school student?
Which are some jokes difficult to Understand?
“What’s your biggest hang-up, fear or hesitation about being funny or using humor at your workplace? ”?
Could someone tell me a script for a humorous skit? How do I make it or any other better ideas?
Who is your favourite in the kapil sharma show?
What's the funniest experience you've had or heard at school?
Game shows and comedy shows often show interviews with 'stupid Americans' - are they usually genuine or are the people messing with the interviewer?
Which song is played in mom commercial in comedy central?
What are the best and humorous incidents?
Bill Cosby's criminal behavior was an open secret in the comedy world. What other respected entertainment or sports figures have not yet been exposed?
Can silly low brow comedy effectively convey profound ideas in Don Quixote?
What are some fads among Indian IT employees?
What is the single funniest joke in the world?
What are some of the funniest things that you have said?
What are the most funny places for coding your projects?
What was the name of a comedy movie where a guy rivals with a fighter pilot for a girl? Around 2009.
What are some truly hard and funny board games for adults?
Which is the stupidest joke you’ve ever heard?
Can Comedy Central use other people content like on tosh.0 where he gets clips from YouTube?
How do I do stand up comedy in Denmark?
What are some good jokes about Donald Trump?
How do I become witty and humorous?
Who is the best humor writer in India?
What would happen if I got to the bottom of my to do list?
How is nutrition provided to the vitreous humor of the eye?
Are there new young comedians who are as different as Emo Phillips, Steven Wright, Andy Kaufman and Bobcat Goldthwait?
Why does tragedy become comedy after enough time?
What are some of your most funny experiences at Disney?
What kind of a guy can I look for, if I am shy, quiet and with the good sense of humor and chatty at a time?
If I want to become a comedian, what must I study and train in?
What if you had a dedicated roasting (humor destination) mobile application?
Is it okay to make silly or funny faces when you try to be funny, instead of cracking jokes, during the first date?
What did you want (long), when you were a child, which you would think now as funny/disgusting?
What typifies slapstick comedy?
Are there any Southern comedians who use profanity?
What are some tips to be funnier?
What are some of the funniest Rajnikanth Videos?
What is a book all stand up comedians should read?
Is the Japanese term "Shingi Ikkyu" a real thing or just a joke?
Was there a joke that taught you a life lesson or made you see something differently?
Have you ever fooled your friend in funny way?
Is Filthy Frank a comedic genius?
Where's the limit between funny and creepy?
Why do people find me funny, even when I'm not trying to be?
What are the comedy series like 2 broke girls and Modern Family?
What are some best Indian jokes?
What is the funniest thing you have ever heard a kid say?
Where can I get the humor quotes?
Why did Bipasha Basu and Karan Singh Grover appear on The Kapil Sharma Show?
What are some unintentionally funny word pairings or names?
What does the joke in this picture mean?
How much do Indian stand up comedians who have risen particularly from internet like Rohan Joshi, Sapan Verma, Biswa charge for a show?
What is your funniest school memory?
Is Kapil Sharma scripted when the celebrities comes for interviews?
How can a scripted stage performance elicit laughter one night and silence the next?
How would you identify Louis CK's humor?
What's the funniest thing that has happened during your Arthur Murray dance lesson?
Which is your funniest memory having sex?
Which particular scenes from different bollywood comedy movies make you laugh hard?
What are some of the funniest jokes in your country?
What are some the methods to increase the reach of my YouTube channel and Facebook page?
Where would 4chan/Encyclopedia Dramatica humor fit in the "theories of humor" framework?
What is the Funniest politically incorrect thing you have ever heard somebody say?
How should a comedy based book end?
What is the funniest thing your kid has said?
What are some funniest thing you've done in public?
Which is funnier and why: Family Guy, American Dad, or The Cleveland Show?
Why do stand up comedians hate Comedy nights with kapil?
How funny are F.R.I.E.N.D.S casts in real life?
Will comedians often laugh at another comic's joke that has been well received by the audience?
How do I start a popular comedy gaming channel?
When is Comedy Central going to replace Trevor Noah?
If your life is a joke, what will be the punchline?
In the Bernie Mac episode: J-O-R-D-A-N spells funny, Jordan makes a joke about gloves in the glove compartment; What does the joke mean?
What does this joke mean?
Is Jon Snow Leeroy Jenkins in disguise?
What is the best hindi joke you have ever heard?
What are some good dark humor anime series?
Do you know a funny Joke from your country you can tell me?
What was the joke that was cut on today's 'The Kapil Sharma Show' by the wadali brothers?
What's the funniest thing you've seen or heard from a suspect?
What is Fred Willard best known for?
What are the funniest advertisement that you have ever watched on TV?
If a person primarily wants to be a comedic actor do you think it's absolutely necessary for them to be an ACTIVE stand-up comic or improv performer?
Parks and Recreation (TV series): How did Ron Swanson get so rich?
If humans become perfect, will they lose their sense of humor?
What is the name of the song played in Comedy central India's "All this month's" ad? (June 2016)?
Is life just a dark joke?
Can somebody recommended me some good Tamil comedy movie of recent time?
What is the watercooler joke?
Are Americans really fond of Indian stuffs as we saw in famous comedy serial -Friends?
What is the funniest reason for detention?
How has humour been changing since the dawn of man?
How do I stand still when I am on stage?
What are gallows jokes?
What was a funny or weird experience you had in school when you first arrived in America?
What are some of the funniest syllogisms you have heard?
Do most jokes get less funny after several years?
What's the funniest typo you've seen in a restaurant takeaway menu?
What are some best adult comedy movies?
Is there any spot round in comedy?
What is the funniest thing a child has done to you?
Can ca students who do their articleship from small firms get good jobs in big companies?
Which is the funniest thing that has happened in your life?
Can anyone think of the best comeback when someone says "Your opinion doesn't matter"?
What are some of the best (memorable, funny or touching) lines from Friends?
What makes a guy funny to the opposite gender?
How can I explore good stand-up comedy videos online?
What's the most innocent/funniest thing about your pet?
How does one actually think intelligently about a topic?
Which city has the best sense of humor in India?
What is your go-to joke?
What would you call a joke about a meta joke?
What is the best and the worst joke in the world till today?
Can you give 10 list of best drama comedy movies from 2005 -2016? With important life lessons (inspiring)?
What is it called when a comedy is so lame that it's actually funny?
How can one improve how funny they are if they are funny already?
Think of a light or funny experience you have had recently, in which a problem was presented. What was the problem?
What are some of the best comedy and love based short stories that you've come across?
Should Michael Moore make the documentary 'Citizen Trump'? There is just too much comedic material to ignore!
What are some of the most hilarious jokes you've heard or read?
Was the first joke in outer space a fart joke? Is there any way to confirm that?
Who should decide if a joke or a humorous remark is hostile and harassing in the workplace?
Is Saturday Night Live having a bad season this year (2015-16)?
Are there different forms and styles of comedy?
Which is better "The Kapil Sharma Show" or "Comedy Nights With Kapil"?
Anyone have any funny stories about you or someone you know pooping their pants?
I know inside I'm humorous and I could be more open. How do I bring it out?
What is most funniest/ most enjoyed dream that you have got?
Which is the one most hilarious newspaper article you have ever come by?
Who thinks there isn't enough funny movies suitable for kids?
How can I learn to be funnier and be more like a teenager?
What are some good slice of life comedy anime with an English dub?
How to better understand western (especially American) humor?
What's the mindset of a funny person or comedian?
How much does Sunil Grover get paid for each episode of Kapil Sharma show?
Which ‘Comedy’ TV Series would you recommend based on the following shows that I have watched?
Which are the best comedy movies in malayalam?
What's the funniest photoshop you've ever seen; intentional or not?
If a person asks to tell a joke which one will you prefer?
What is the funniest thing/things that have happened in war?
I want to make a website about comedians and comedy, how do I make it unique?
What's a joke that is always good for conversations?
Can the comedians single handedly bring about a much needed social change?
What is the most funny situation happened with you?
Who do you think is the best actor among 6 lead characters from "F.R.I.E.N.D.S " TV show?
How strong are friendships in India?
What are the funniest moments you had with your father?
Why is it, that of all professions/educational fields, engineering is the most mocked on or made fun of?
Which hollywood actor has the best sense of humor?
Are there jokes (humorous anecdotes) that are funny not because of context ambiguity (including surprise of context missing at all)?
What can be more fun in a novel: a guy that finds itself in the body of girl or viceversa? Why? Can you give some examples of funny moments?
How do I increase my sense of humour and intelligence?
How do you break into the comedy business in India?
How do I become a humorous and interesting girl?
Is there a TV/online show in India similar to HBO's Last Week Tonight with John Oliver?
What is the best way to develop a stand up comedy routine good enough to recite on stage?
What are funny facts about logistics?
Why do I make jokes when I'm sad?
What are the funniest shoes?
What are some of your parents' best dark humor?
Who are the lesser known but funniest English speaking comedians of India?
Will watching comedy nights with Kapil and stand up comedy shows help me increase sense of humor or is it just waste of time?
Which are the upcoming sex comedy?
What is with all these Angel Priya jokes from Facebook?
What is the joke at the end of 'the Killing joke'?
Do comedians laugh less on average?
What is the intellectual power of the comedians?
Are the only two genres of TV comedy and drama?
What are some good candidates for funniest dog breed?
Do you all have any jokes to share with me?
What is your funniest/ trickiest situation while your were in uniform?
How do I be funny while remaining mature?
What are funny facts DHL?
Are humour and wit important factors in becoming a Top Writer on Quora?
What are some of the best comedy parodies you have seen on youtube?
What is the process of being selected as an audience in The Kapil Sharma show?
How can Tyrion's joke be completed?
What is your humorous approach on a story that once made you angry?
What would have happened if the F.R.I.E.N.D.S characters had exchanged their jobs?
How can you submit Laffy Taffy jokes?
What was the funniest joke a friend said to you?
What are some romance, comedy anime with good endings?
What are the 5 romantic comedies I must watch from your language or from your country?
Are the comedy shows on TV complaining about losing viewers because everyone is watching the Trump fiasco?
What's the funniest story that happened to you in high school?
What is the best joke you've heard/read?
What's your funniest Paradox Interactive video game story?
Are comedians generally troubled people?
Bill Poucher: How do I develop a sense of humor like yours?
What are some backstage secrets about Comedy Nights with Kapil?
What are some great witty humorous lines or phrases?
I never send forwarded messages or jokes. Is this why I am not able to continue the conversation?
What is the funniest thing about your child, niece etc?
What does it say about me if I like saying jokes of self depreciating nature mostly?
Does comedian joke a lot in daily life?
Why isn't there a 'funny" Quora?
What's the funniest joke about the LinkedIn and Microsoft deal?
What are some good anime that falls into action, comedy, and/or harem genre?
How do Comedians not crack up on stage?
Who would you pick to roast you in a Comedy Central Roast?
What are some interesting "caught red handed" stories?
What are the least funny comedy movies of all time and why?
Is there a free standup slackbot?
Why are Quora so adverse to jokes?
Do animals understand humor?
How does a good sense of humor and intelligence relate each other?
Do you think that the Harvard Lampoon is funny?
How can I think comedically?
What are some really good practical jokes to play?
When and where was it when you started clapping  but you were the only one clapping in the audience?
Are men funnier than women? Why?
What are some quality modern comedies?
Was there a person from UP's Muzaffarnagar in yesterday's The Kapil Sharma Show?
Have you ever spewed water/juice from your mouth/nose as a result of a joke? What was the joke?
What's the point of doing improv comedy?
What were the funniest movie bloopers that you've ever seen?
Why does HBO allow John Oliver's Last Week Tonight to put full clips of the show on YouTube, ad-free?
Where can I get funny images?
Whar is the meaning of the new Titan Octane Ad?
I'm looking to start a blog/news website on the comedy industry but I also love science fiction. Is it possible to make a website on both?
I would like to start a news site around comedians, am I allowed to post their standup already on YouTube?
How can the comedy 'Lysistrata' be applied to today's world?
What are the best romantic comedy Hollywood movies?
How much do comedy writers laugh on the job?
How is the “Merchant of Venice” a romantic comedy?
What are some of the funny finance terms?
How does SNL decide who stays and who goes? Is it all Lorne?
What is the song being played in Comedy Central's ad for the show Community June 2016?
How can I be less serious all day when my brain can't even register a simple joke?
Why does Melissa McCarthy have to curse and use sexual humour so much?
Why are things less funny when you're by yourself?
What's the best comedy that I have never heard of?
Why are plotagon videos so funny?
What is the funniest incident you have experienced while having sex?
Why don’t I find THE KAPIL SHARMA show funny ?
What is the funniest thing you did in the middle of a class?
How many times is too many to break the fourth wall in a comedy?
What are some informative comedy movies?
What is the funniest incident in IIt?
I love the use of the narrator in Arrested Development. Is it stealing if I use the same comedic technique in my own TV pilot?
What is the craziest and the funniest incident you experienced?
What is a very funny joke that only people of your profession can understand?
What are some good ways to make a joke?
What's your best shortest joke to tell people?
In a country like India where celebrities enjoy god-like status from their fans, how much is too much when it comes to satire and comedy?
What are some funny experiences with uberPOOL?
How do I keep a straight face after saying something funny?
How do you know if you have a sense of humor?
Do you have any funny achievements?
Which are some of the best english comedy movie full of sense of humour you will recomend others to see?
What are some good jokes to play on a teacher?
Who all are the most annoying comedian in India and why?
How do humor writers know what their readers will find funny?
How dramatized are Kapil Sharma's show?
Any funny short script on Men will be Men or Other short funny script to make a Video on?
What are the best American comedy films made within the last 40-50 years?
How important is humor in leadership?
Which is your favourite Indian comedy movie?
What are some funny sitcoms?
Who in your opinion is the best stand up comedian of all time? And what makes them the best?
What do you think will be the box office prospects for "Sausage Party" will be?
Friends (TV series): Who was the ugly naked guy?
What's the funniest incident in your bachelor's of engineering?
Do you really think comedians like Tanmay Bhatt should be punished?
What do comedians think of performing in college events?
What are the best ways to develope money making skills like: stand up comedy, playing music etc, to make a living?
Why would a person watch a comedy show after quarel? Is it a good aliby to avoid facing the problems?
What is sence of humour? How can I find I have a good sense of humour?
What are some of the most funny names on Facebook?
I have a comedy youtube channel and work hard on the videos but I barely get any views or subscribers, can anyone help? My channels name it The Mighty
What is most funny thing about KKR?
Who is your favorite and least favorite standup comedian?
Paramedics humor: what is it like?
What are the hallmarks of successful sitcoms?
What funny conversations have you had with someone whom is sleep talking?
What is the joke behind this image?
What are some cute and good Korean romantic comedy dramas?
What are some funny conversations during sex?
What is resistance humor, relief humor, and superiority humor?
A penny for your most funniest thought ever. Lets see how rich I can get?
What is the most funniest/awkward thing happened with you while you were on a date with someone?
What are some of the best dumb criminal stories you've heard?
What are some calming and funny teen-novels?
What are the best examples of authentic humour?
Why don't I find Tanmay Bhat funny?
I'm trying to locate an article: It's about how comedians are secret(?) sick people. I recently came across it (May-June, 2016), any help sourcing it?
Which are the best comedy movies in Hollywood?
Have you ever read a textbook with a good sense of humor?
What are some jokes that cracked you up, but took you a minute to fully understand?
What do you like about dark humour?
Which comedian is funnier? Peter Kay or Ricky Gervais?
What are some good jokes about Chinese politics?
How do you say "funny" in Greek?
What is the funniest habit that you have come across?
What is it like to date a comedian like Sahil Shah?
What are some of the funny observations about Indians in America?
What are some funny situations that happened on your school field trips?
How do I be funny if nobody gets my sense of humour?
What are some funny songs that you can't take seriously? (examples in description)
What is the funniest thing you ever said to your family?
Is humor absolutely necessary to be successful in dating especially if you are not very good looking? If yes, how can one learn or develop humor?
How good is a score of 119/180 in COMED-K for a non-Karnataka candidate?
Which are the top 10 jokes?
What are some funny social media pages or websites in Philippines?
What is the funniest thing happened while you were giving your exam?
What distinguishes a joke that is funny only once and one that is funny over and over again?
What are the funniest anime?
Why does many Hollywood movies of 90's use “Indians” reference for comedy/sarcasm?
Which song is played in comedy Central's triple dare advertisement?
Who is better at stand-up comedy Kapil Sharma or Kumar Vishwas?
Do you think life is a sick joke?
What are some entertaining comedies that will actually teach me something (indirectly)?
What are the best jokes that you had cracked according to the situations?
What are some instances in which you turned a much heated up fight around by humor?
Why are the comedians making fun of Trump's small hands?
How is "The Divine Comedy" organized?
Do you agree that the world has become a serious place and comedy has become a risky profession?
Why am I mostly attracted to intelligence, wit and humour in the other person?
What is the most hilarious thing you have done accidentally?
Why is Indian comedy shows relegated to cross dressing to induce humor in their contents?
What do you think of offensive jokes and dark humor?
What is the most hilarious thing happens in your life?
Has Rowan Atkinson and Jim Carrey worked together if not, will they?
What is your funniest forgetful experience?
What are some funny and mean poems?
What are some funny stories about you as a child?
Has there been humorous causes for insomnia? What be the cause?
I just cannot stop watching romantic comedies. What is wrong with me?
What is the most creative or funny answer you ever heard?
What kind of comedy is it when the characters address that they are in a movie?
What are some awesome and hilarious cartoon jokes you have ever seen?
Is there any connection between Keith Richards having a great sense of humor and being a great musician?
How do you tell the difference between subtle, disguised mockery and good natured humor?
Are sitcoms psychologically healthy for our minds?
Do you have a funny girlfriend?
What do you do when your husband loses desire to go anywhere and has no sense of humor and we have a long-term marriage?
What percentage of ticket sales do comedians keep when they play a theater?
What are the best economics jokes?
Which are the funniest episodes in friends?
What are some interesting (and/or funny) stories about how a product or company name was created?
Did you believe Trump when he said he'd run for president on the Comedy Central Roast?
What is the funniest thing you have seen a tourist do?
What's the best way to start your comedy set?
What is your favorite funny sign?
What are some best podcasts for Sherlock fans?
What are some really good Youtube stand up comedians of India?
We have heard your witty jokes and one-liners about cricket for decades, but if you had to describe yourself with a one-liner, what would it be?
What are the funniest experiences after failing an exam?
What are those funny incidents when you confessed something serious to your parents and it went completely wrong or backfired?
Why do many TV shows have a duration of 21/22 minutes, specially sitcoms or comedies? Is it to accommodate commercials and fit in a 30 minute window?
Is moving to LA the wisest strategy if one is interested in getting a start in the entertainment business? (Not only acting)
What's your most funny but memorable incident of NIT life?
Do astronauts play practical jokes on each other?
I want to get into comedy screenwriting. What advice do you have?
What is a funny embarrasing anecdote?
Is there any truth to the phrase "comedic genius?"
I crack jokes which only few people understand, why is that?
Has Jeff Dunham ever performed without his puppets?
What is the best theory on humor, why and how it works?
Which jokes make People laugh hilariously?
Does the British PM have a residence at 10 Downing Street and can you just go up and knock on the door?
Which companies can cosponsor a comedy event?
If your thoughts were loud enough for someone else to hear (literally), what would be the funniest thing that would happen around you?
Why is Shakespeare's "A Midsummer Night's Dream" a romantic comedy?
What would be the best way to hire an affordable freelance comedy writer in Hindi language for a You tube Channel?
What are some funny experiments you ever did?
What makes someone an intellectual?
Where are the stand-up comedy open mics happening in New Delhi?
What is the joke of the day?
Why do celebrities go on comedy nights bacao and get themselves insulted?
Where should I start an open mic night for standup comedy in San Francisco?
How do I become Maria Bamford's friend?
What are the bad things when we are a humorous person?
What are some funniest facts about Engineering hostels in India?
What are the humorous events in "To Kill a Mockingbird"?
What could be some humorous Quora awards?
Any good and funny high-fantasy series guys?
Can Russell Peter be next Mr.Bean?
What are some examples of low comedy?
How can I roast an ashy person?
What is the funniest song that is school-appropriate?
How do I start as a Stand up comedian if I am a good writer already?
Which are your favourite humour authors?
What are the first comedies written in English? How have they been influential to future comedic works?
How did rumors of comedian Sinbad's death start?
What is the worst comedy club names you can think of?
How do I make a normal story funny?
What's the most funniest revenge you have ever taken?
What are the funniest loaded questions?
What are some Hindi funny phrases?
What are the basic features of Shakespear's comedy?
What's up with the Boston sense of humor? It's so pretentious like "Don't even go there" for something that's innocuous.
What are your funny birth stories?
How do you use Twitter for comedy?
How many other jokes can one make off "Man walks into a bar?"
What are some of the funniest yet most common OCDs people have?
What is the best source of jokes?
How do I submit a comedy skit idea to daily show?
Which is the best comedy series?
What are some good jokes to incorporate into a school captain speech?
Is the Kapil Sharma Show sexist and vulgar?
Are funny people unreliable?
Can you recommend me some good stand-up comedy videos to improve my humor?
What is considered to be the best joke in the world until now?
Why intelligent people can't enjoy comedy skits like others?
What are some funny topics for debate?
Which is the most funny incident?
What does it mean when a guy is cracking sexual jokes with a girl?
Do you have any funny experience when you made yourself to accept a friend comment about you though it was not so?
What is your funniest anecdotal story about anything that you experienced yourself in general?
Have any of you ever come across such parents who themselves are animals lovers & have always thought there kids to love, care and be a voice for them?
What's the best way to learn how to become witty and funny?
Could anyone recommend  series with quality humor and sarcasm?
Why is there so little female representation in the India stand up comedy scene?
How can stand up comedy assist with a business career?
What are some funny cases of irony?
Does Kapil Sharma show missing something?
What are some funny jokes about economists?
Is it possible to develop my sense of humor?
What is the funniest thing you found on google, while accidentally typing the wrong words?
What are the best jokes about pirates?
Why does Comedy Central air shows at odd times?
What things do teenagers consider funny?
What are some funny English speech topics?
If I tell a joke and no one laughs is it still comedy?
Can you share your 100 words comedy story?
What are some funny Instagram bio for a visual artist?
Is there a way to post a joke question on mobile?
Would an "Ukridge" (from P.G. Wodehouse) TV show staring Ricky Gervais as Ukridge and Martin Freeman as Corky be a good idea?
What are some funny ideas for video skits for kids?
Which question do you want to ask him if you get offered to go in "The Kapil Sharma" show and How he will do your BeIzzati?
Who's the funniest president?
What's the funniest thing you have done while driving?
What was the funniest way someone said they liked you?
Where can I find English subtitles for Kevin Hart comedy: I'm a grown little man?
How do I write a funny romantic book?
What's the most funniest song line ever?
What are some good examples of social action comedy?
Can you tell one funny incident which happened on field while you were commentating, which was so funny that you found it difficult to comment?
What are some very interesting and funny anecdotes on Sex Education at School or at Home?
Can I have list of jokes which I can crack in the class?
What is the cringiest video you have ever seen online?
What are the funniest redneck fixes?
What is meant by 'self-effacing' humour?
What are some good action comedy or spy/crime comedy TV series I can watch? Preferably comedy and not cancelled?
What is cocky and funny?
What are  your favourite Marathi comedy movie?
What is the meaning of the comedy and tragedy masks?
What are the most funny sales jokes?
"BINDASS" was an awesome channel for adult comedy movies. Can someone name some of such movies aired on "BINDASS"?
Comedy: Did Jonathan Winters coin the phrase, "You are something else"?
How do I stop using humor as a defense mechanism?
Do satire and dark humor run on the same lines?
What does the joke "Existentialists do it pointlessly" mean?
What are the top 10 funniest animals?
Are there any right wing comedians?
Given how corny Saturday Night Live has been in the past 10 years, how do you explain its present success after so many years?
What are the funniest stereotypes you have ever heard?
How do you write comedy?
I'm a Fulbright fellow that studied Chinese comedy. How can humor and arts exchange be used to bring together nations, especially the US and China?
How was Brie Larson hosting Saturday Night Live?
Why are the Globetrotters the well known comedy team?
Which Marvel movie is the funniest/has the most humor?
What are the most funny expererience you have came across?
Is being a comedian the same thing as being an actor?
What are humorous ways that people have won court cases?
What are the most prestigious comedy clubs in the United States?
I am making a joke website. How to I convey to its users that this is a joke site without ruining the experience?
What are some good economist jokes?
What is the funniest thing we do when we feel bored?
Is Seeman another comedy piece?
Where does the Big Bang Theory rank on the list of best sitcoms?
What is so special about shows like Comedy Nights with Kapil, Game of Thrones that people love to watch them?
Can you improve your sense of humor by watching sitcoms?
What are some really good sex comedies?
Why does Netflix have so much stand up comedy?
What is the funniest thing that happened when you were serving as a Secret Service Agent?
Which are 10 best comedy channels in youtube from India according to you?
What are some great philosophy jokes?
Which is the best Indian instagram (non-celebrity) ID you have ever come across?
What is a link or name for the comedy video where a black guy is at his friend's house and ends up "humping" his mom?
What is the funniest photo shop manipulated photgraph you've come across?
I just performed a comedy set for my class as part of a school project. I'm thinking about performing at a comedy club. Should I?
What are some life lessons portrayed on the TV Show The Fairly Odd Parents?
What are some of the funny incidents during your engineering days?
Is it strange that my humour is what if scenarios?
What are some good action, romance, comedy anime?
What were the funniest moments from the 2016 White House Correspondents' Dinner?
What are some good jokes for the following phrase "heard the word no more than..."?
How does it feel like to be a Pastafarian?
Which comedian are similar to Eddie Izzard?
How do comedy writers test material, without having a live audience to try it on?
Which comedian has had the most successful career since appearing on Last Comic Standing?
How does an understatement create humor?
Why is Terry Crews so funny?
What's the funniest thing you can do with a cow?
Is humor really relevant in today's turbulent life?
Do the producers of Family Feud encourage Steve Harvey to pause the show for his comedic interludes?
How do I learn to be funny and witty?
What are some funny sleepwalking stories?
What are some funny topics for limericks?
In your own experience, what is the funniest thing that has happened in a movie theater?
Which TV show is similar to or better than Friends?
How did Molière influence the Restoration comedy (comedy of manners)?
Does working with comedians such as Louis C.K. mean there is more improvisation, or was the script followed closely?
At what point does humor at the expense of the relationship outweigh the humor received from the interactions?
What are the characteristics of British humor?
What are some funny stories with your friends?
Why is exaggeration used as a humorous device?
What are some funny food stories?
Is writing comedy about characters with anxiety insensitive?
Do Marvel Cinematic Universe movies have more comedy elements than their source material?
Why are there so many jokes at tall people's expense? Why aren't there more jokes about short people?
What are some funny real life incident with wife?
What if Kapil Sharma is made your partner in commentary box?
Is Tony Kornheiser funny in studio?
What is the funniest thing you did to your crush?
Why aren't white jokes considered as "funny" as black jokes?
Which was the funniest moment for you in the TV show FRIENDS?
What are the best anime comedies?
What is the funniest situation you met in life ?
Who was the male artist that once appeared on Star One's comedy show and mimicked Mina Kumari?
Why do people consider Amy Schumer funny?
What type of humor does Family guy have?
Is it acceptable for a student to put a joke in an e-mail with a college instructor?
What is the funniest reason you have seen that had someone sent to the principal's office?
How can I stop losing my sense of humor and confidence when I'm with someone that I like?
What's the funniest thing someone did in high school while in class?
How can I download sitcoms for free online?
Is sense of humor a born talent or it can be learned?
What joke will you tell if somebody asks you 'Tell me a joke'?
What was the most funny moment in your college classroom?
What is the funniest thing you have ever experienced?
What are the best hollywood teenage comedy movies?
What are the best comedy TV shows/TV series for teenagers ?
How can I find a music that I've heard on the start of a stand up comedy show?
What is the punchline of a joke?
Hairdressers: What is the funniest/worst thing a person has told you after you finished cutting their hair?
What are the best romantic comedy anime's?
When should one give up potty humor?
What are some of the funniest historical events?
What can be shortest joke you can enjoy?
What is the funniest story you met your special someone?
What is the funniest thing you have ever done high?
What is the funniest moment with a foreign leader you've had?
What are the best one line Jokes you have ever heard or read?
How can I be a better comedy writer?
What are some of the funniest questions asked in class?
What are some of the humorous dialogues said in a serious situation in films?
Is dark humour valid?
What is the difference between humour, sarcasm, irony, pun, good joke and a bad joke? Ain't the last two subjective and so can't be judged absolutely?
What is the funniest joke you have heard a politician make?
What makes Amy Schumer such a popular comedian across several types of projects?
Do comedy shows have a liberal bias?
What are some of the weirdest/funniest things a politician has had to do?
What was the funniest practical joke you've seen or heard about?
How much do Sponsors give for comedy shows?
How popular and well received is Improv Comedy, in India and in other parts of the world?
What is the funniest joke that make a serious person laugh?
How good is Oxford University at comedy?
Why do some people think it's funny or endearing to joke in an insulting manner?
Can anyone give me any REALLY cheesy jokes?
What are some subtly humorous and seemingly polite ways to insult someone?
What is the "Star Wars kid" doing today?
Do people who are not funny know they are not funny?
Jokes in silicon valley and the jokes in big bang theory, which is better?
What is a good sense of humor?
Why do people tell spousal abuse jokes?
What jokes have standup comics told about powerful celebrities that adversely affected their careers?
What are some funny names for flash drives?
Why is sex funny?
Where do you think sketch comedy is going?
What's funny in America?
What are some of the best comedy Marathi movie?
After HIMYM, Friends, 2.5 Men, Big Bang Theory which comedy series I should start? Read Question details for more info?
Is it just me or Obama's jokes at the Correspondents dinner 2016 weren't funny at all?
How did Abraham Lincoln use humor to make a point?
What is the most funny Facebook post you came across?
What is the song on comedy Central may 2016?
What are some funny ways to react to getting ghosted in dating?
As a stand-up comedian, what do you do when the established group of comedians in town ignore or exclude you?
What are some interesting - funny stories i can tell when dating?
What is the funniest pickup line to use in public?
What are some funny gamertag names?
What are the jokes experienced in Commerce classes?(Decent stuff only)
What is the underlying premise of hockey mom jokes?
Do you find it safe to order a specific thing online? Would you consider ordering a comedian from an entertainment agency online?
What are the some best jokes and memes related to Operating Systems?
Which best joke have you heard on rahul gandhi till date?
Does depression impact sense of humour?
Who is the funniest comedian on Twitter?
Is humour associated with intelligence?
Who is the funniest man in America?
What are possible reasons for not reacting to humor?
How popular is slapstick comedy throughout the world?
What's a funny instance of sarcasm you experienced?
Would you critique some of my Youtube videos?
What are some of the funniest things you experienced or saw on a flight?
How is saving face a romantic comedy?
Who is the best Trump impersonator?
Was I meant to find Slaughterhouse-Five funny?
What are some English words which mean something else, very different, or funny in other languages?
How are episodes of "Saturday Night Live" written?
I can't be a funny person, I mean, all of my jokes seems like insulting and dark. What should I do?
What is the funniest/best test question you've ever gotten in school?
What is an average Pakisthani's reaction towards the remark in a Pak TV channel show (Neo TV)calling Hindus as dogs?
What comedies were about porn in the 1990's?
What are some easy read, comedy mangas?
Are there any famous comedians who were depressed and unhappy in real life?
Have you ever used any services provided by entertainment agencies such as those of ordering a comedian for any event?
What is your review of Alan Tudyk's crowd funded web series 'Con Man?'
Why do almost all people feel the urge to share positive information, stories, jokes, incidences etc?
Are comedians humble bragging when complaining about airports/flying?
What do you think of the toucher and Rich morning show using your sounds bits for comedy?
Why do the pain and suffering is funny?
What is the most accepted hypothesis that explains why we evolved a sense of humor?
How much does comedian Fluffy earn?
What is the funniest thing you have come across?
How much does a top-tier comedian earn?
What are the differences between American and British-Irish standup comedy?
What are some famous instances of comedians and other celebrities telling failed jokes?
What inspired the 'Love Boat: The Next Generation' skit on "Saturday Night Live"?
Who are some of the funniest people that weren't professional comedians?
Can you write down some of the best jokes from your country?
What is the funniest interview question ever?
I'm a standup comedian, when do I need to create my own Facebook page?
What is the best comedy episode in the history of television?
What is the lamest comment/joke you delivered/cracked in a serious situation?
What are some good French knock knock jokes?
What are some brilliant short jokes to tell a foreign person who's English is very good but colloquially average?
How is The Kapil sharma show?
What is the funniest nick names your friends have?
What are examples of low comedy?
What are the best movies in which some guy is mistaken for a racist for most of the movie? I'm interested especially in comedies.
What are some scientific theories about why humans like comedy and humor?
What did Jackie Martling (former Howard Stern writer) miss out on by quitting Howard Stern in 2001. Biggest comedy failure ever?
Why are sitcoms not as popular?
Which were the funniest moments in Twitter?
What are some of the funniest jokes in your native language?
Do you think Vir Das' "Potcast" is boring (not funny)?
What is the trickiest programming one-liner that you have ever come across?
I feel sad and I think watching a movie may improve my feeling. Should I watch a tragedy or comedy movie?
How much military humor is out there?
What's the best way to write new materials for stand up comedy?
What are some good, recent topics I could write about for a comedy blog?
What are some of the coolest/funniest scripts you've written?
What are some great songs with funny lyrics?
What are some funny porn comedies?
Is Saving Face a romantic comedy? (why or why not: defined your claim). Also, How important is the cultural factor in this film?
What is the most funniest thing u have ever heard about your close friend?
What are some of the best jokes about the serial C.I.D on Sony Tv?
Is there a joke that violates Raskin's Semantic Script Theory of Humor? If so, what is a better theory to explain the humor of such a joke?
What is the funniest thing to say in a New Zealand accent?
What has performing stand-up comedy taught you?
Why do comedians tend to be such successful movie actors?
Compared to sitcoms of the '70s, are today's sitcoms more or less raunchy?
How popular are British comedians in the US given their criticism of Americans, such as Frankie Boyle and Jimmy Carr?
What are some of the most hilarious usernames you ever saw?
What are some good talk to the hand jokes?
Do you feel EIC (East India Comedy) consistently denigrates Indians?
Is Ted Cruz Lucifer?
What can I do to cleverly exploit the sense of humor inside me?
People are constantly making jokes about me being schizophrenic. What should I do?
What are some funny conversations between superheroes?
Is there a site that you can send/sell jokes and quotes?
What is the best way to infuriate a religious person?
An Irish comedian once asked the question, how about we told our kids to not try? What would happen if this was the social norm?
Which are the best English comedies on BBC?
What should I say after "hello" to impresss with humor?
Which comedians will I like if I like Anthony Jeselnik?
What are the greatest Phoebe Buffay songs?
What are some humourous units of measurement?
What is your funny story?
For what kind of entertainment events you would order a comedian?
Is it a good idea to post all your comedy performances on Youtube?
What are some highly effective techniques for writing humor in fiction?
What are some of the funniest questions ever?
What are the funniest 'Describe yourself' answers you have come across?
How do I convert a picture of graph/sketch into a function?
Why does everyone want to be funny?
Will The Kapil sharma show be available on youtube or sony tv site?
Why do standup comedians feel the need to "set up" their joke by making it personal?
What's the most irreverent joke you have laughed at or told?
Why do we laugh at standup comedians who simply point out differences among social groups (e.g., men vs. women) that we already knew about?
What's the funniest joke about amoeba you have ever heard?
What kind of sense of humor most women like?
What are 5 most popular types of humor?
Which 90's Indian comedy serial is your all-time favourite? Mine is Shrimaan Shrimati starring Jatin Kanakia, Reema Lagoo, Archana P. Singh & Rakesh B
What are some funny challenges to do with friends?
What topic about Comedy could I talk about for 12-15 minutes?
What is the most idiotic French comedy movie?
Why does Quora direct so many questions about stand up my way whilst prohibiting me from submitting a 'joke answer'?
What are the best books on humor of different cultures?
What are some funny yet intelligent self descriptions for social profiles?
Can you list all the open mic(stand up comedy) venues in Mumbai?
What are the funniest deaths in history?
Why did Mr. Erdogan sue a German comedian? Doesn't he understand how ridiculous it looks?
What are examples of jokes in the form of works of art?
Why do some words sound funny?
What is it like to attend a comedy show? How long do they last?
What are some funny names for a fat cat?
Do all Saturday Night Live cast members receive the same salary?
How can I be a funny mom?
I'm a 15 year old girl.I've almost finished watching Friends. And I'm loving it.Can anyone suggest me some other good TV shows. Drama/Comedy?
A person at my school continually makes racist jokes what should I do against this? However, reporting him could lead to him being expelled.
What is the best form of humor?
Is there anything out there scientifically proven to be the funniest (ha-ha funny) thing in the world?
How does Kate McKinnon compare to past senior SNL cast members?
April 19, Humorous Day, is a day to find the humor in any situation.  Do you have a humorous, but poignant advice for aspiring entrepreneurs?
How do I react to my colleagues who crack jokes on me?
What is the funniest thing that CBSE has done (Unknowingly)?
Who is Quora's favourite SNL cast member of all time?
When is Kapil Sharma's next show?
What are some of your humorous stories about dying?
Comedians: how do you know when you've struck gold?
How do I improve my humor?
Is it time for Quora to split into two sections? One with a sense of humor and one hopelessly humor impaired?
What might be the 'explanation' - if any - for a morbid sense of humour?
What are the best Asian romantic comedy movies after 2000?
If someone shares something serious in a funny way where you're not 100% certain whether they intended to be funny, is it rude to laugh?
What are some funny Photoshopped images?
What is the funniest one sentence jokes of all time?
What are some good comedy songs?
How is it that there is people out there that don't have a sense of humor?
What is the most interesting sentence you found yourself aiming at a fellow human being? (Your kids, for example.)
What are some funny stories about running?
I have a very dark sense of humor, what should I do?
Is humor a universal concept?
What does all comedy show hecklers have in common?
After how many days does Comedy Central India air The Tonight Show starring Jimmy Fallon or is it live?
I lost my sense of humor. Can I get it back?
What are some examples of farcical humour in serious movies?
What is the connection between laughter associated with humor and with being tickled?
What are some funny facts about Greece?
If I were to start watching Saturday Night Live, what season should I start with?
What are the effects of using humor to point out negative behavior of religious extremists?
What are your wrost/funny experiences with a drunkard?
What are some of the advertisements with a witty humor?
What is Comedy Central?
Is the tragic death of Brian Douglas Wells the basis for the comedy "30 Minutes or Less"?
Was Breaking Bad supposed to be humorous?
What is the current situation of Indian Stand-Up Comedy in India?
Is there any famous Indian comedian in Hollywood?
What is that smart classic comedy that will just always crack you up?
Why is Cecily Strong such a popular SNL cast member?
How do I defeat a winning joke candidate in a student council election?
I have a woman that when I make a joke, she always responds with "haha". What does that mean?
What is the most unintentionally funny thing you have ever read?
What are the best sarcastic posts you ever heard or read? Please share pics and screenshots if possible.
What are some best comedy sequences of Paresh Rawal, Rajpal Yadav, Johnny Lever and Nana Patekar?
What is sence of humor?
What do people from counties other than America think of slapstick humor (humor involving pain inflicted to others, such as the Go! Bwah! Video)?
What's the most sophisticated scatological joke?
What is the name of this gangster comedy from UK or Australia?
I wrote a funny answer. The person editing has no sense of humor. Will this get me kicked off Quora? Is humor impairment a firing offense on Quora?
What are examples of dark comedy anime?
What are some of the best jokes you have come across?
I usually comes up with comedy punches in my mind which can be used in comedy T.V. shows. How can I take this further ?  
What is the funny answer for "If I reject you in this interview then what will you do"?
What are the funniest slam book questions or quotes?
Are there tricks to acquire the sense of humor?
Why won't President Obama appear on Bill Maher's show?
How and why does Jokes arise in the name of Balakrishna?
Why are some famous comedians paid more than others?
The Big Bang Theory (TV series): What are some of the funniest roommate agreement clauses made by Sheldon Cooper?
Which SNL cast members had no prior affiliation with the Groundlings or Second City?
What is the duration of a stand up comedy gig at canvas laugh club?
EMTs: What is the funniest or best thing you've seen on the job?
What's the best way to get into comedy as a teenager?
What caused SNL to lose the sharpness of its satire?
What's the goal of oppressive humour in your opinion?
What is the funniest reason you have fought with your spouse?
Is there a car chase more absurd than the Los Angeles doughnut, hamburger, and selfie?
What was the funniest "burn" you've ever heard?
If you saw Joe Gatto in the street, what practical joke would you play on him?
Would Robert Wuhl consider doing another edition of Assume the Position with Mr. Wuhl?
What is the most funniest encounter you did in your office?
Who is the funniest Indian of all time?
What is your funniest experience while going to the movies?
What is Elon Musk's kind of humor?
Why are some comedy groups in India anti-Modi?
I have an idea for an excellent teen comedy movie, how do I turn it into a movie?
What are some funny things you heard about Russia?
How are the laughing audience in comedies recorded?
Do French people tell "that's what she said" jokes? If so, what are some common ones?
Do you like dark humour?
What problems do Stand Up Comedians face?
To really understand comedy do you really need to live in the country where jokes is produced?
Where does a sense of humor come from?
What are most funny personal memorandum you have seen?
What's the funniest last name you ever encountered?
What is the funniest thing you have ever done while no one laughed?
Who are some good and relatively clean stand up comedians?
Why do foreign names seem so strange and funny?
What is the most funny joke in India?
What are some good ways to incorporate humor into a student council election speech (high school)?
Are there any jokes you've heard or told that were so funny that you cried?
What would George Carlin think of the GOP's use of super-delegates to block Donald Trump from winning the 2016 nomination?
What are some good 'Why do cows wear cowbells' jokes?
How do they make the Brian Williams rap songs on the Tonight Show? What technology do they use?
What is the all-time funniest clean joke?
What is the funniest dream you've ever had?
What's the funniest behind the scenes moment you can think of from Bones?
What was the funniest incident that happened to you on a Flight?
What is the most funniest thing happened to you during an interview?
Why have ITV/Channel 4 never repeated "Brass", the early/mid '80s comedy?
Why have there been so few good comedy movies in recent years?
Where do jokes originate?
When does sense of humor appear?
What was the funniest thing that happened with you in a serious situation?
How do I stop stressing and get out my natural side?
What is caustic humor? What are some examples of it?
Who is your favourite English comedian?
How can I become funny and interesting person?
Where can I download sitcoms from?
What's the funniest tradition in your country?
Ladies, what kind of sense of humor do you appreciate in men?
What is your funniest party moments?
Why do Monty Python writers know about anarcho-syndicalism? Are British comedians that much more informed than the rest?
What is the biological explanation behind the emergence of humor?
What are the most funny (English) movies of all time?
What's the funniest science-based joke you know?
What are the best class room jokes?
What could be a nice and humorous topic for my class 12 assembly?
Why do some people joke that Florida is far from awesome?
What could be the greatest joke of all time?
Who is your best Amercian Comedian?
Why is a comedy industry is in a boom now?
Can you give some examples of funny syllogisms?
Are there Republicans with a sense of humor?
Why has Indian comedy become so vulgar?
What are some sitcoms that will make you fall out of your chair?
What are some funny anecdotes?
What are some of the funniest startup names?
What are the most important Los Angeles comedy clubs to visit by night of the week?
What typified Garry Shandling's comedic style?
Which are the best humorous quotes?
What are some jokes that everyone (or most people), regardless of culture/languages will understand?
What do you think about this short-comedy video, "I had an Exam"?
Have you ever seen any online FUNNY "product reviews"?
What are the best funny indian books?
What are some good jokes to crack at socialising events to come across as a friendly person?
What is the tune playing in Friends promo on comedy central for Ross?
Who is the most naturally funny comedian?
How would women consider me if I showed them both my 'formal/nice' side and my 'I'm being a cunt for fun/dark humor/troublemaker' side of me?
Can you suggest a Chinese comedy series?
What's your favourite April 1 newspaper/media joke story?
What are the characteristics of 'dark humour'?
What are some funny scene ideas for a pantomime?
What is your funniest "guys night out" experience?
Do you Jamie Kellner was a pure TV comedy type of president having poor broadening techniques on its WB show varieties, besides comedies?
Who do you think is the worst comedian?
What are some amusing funny incidents that happened because of a spelling mistake?
How can I bring humour into my lonely business?
Why is multimedia so rarely included in a comedy routine?
I wanna increase my humor, so what content should I read on Quora?
How should you record your standup comedy set so audio quality is good?
What TV shows do you find most funny that always make you laugh?
Do comedians let their children watch them either on television or in person?
What does 'scalding humor' mean? Is that different than sarcasm?
What are the best jokes in Hindi?
How did the comedy and tragedy masks become a symbol for theater?
What are some rude and funny jokes?
Is Jerry Seinfeld's Comedians in Cars generally safe to watch with kids?
Who are the best orators (fluency, WIT, content, humor) in India and why?
What stand-up comedian died at age 66?
Should Stand up comedians wear fancy clothes on stage?
What are some of the funniest word you have missaid?
If you could roast a panel of 5 Bollywood celebrities for 1 hour then who would they be and how would you roast them?
What type of funny video can be made in a restaurant?
Does Ashton Kutcher write the answers himself on Quora?
What are some great jokes about engineering students?
Why Indian COAS Dalbor Suhag's cap is bit funny?
Is there a scientific formula for humour?
Is being funny a sign of intelligence typically?
What makes you funny, when you are at serious business?
What is one thing that you find funny that most people don't?
Do you know any comedic monologues about dysfunctional families?
Did you ever come across street artists in the center of Rome using smelly spray, that irritates the eyes?
I'm 17 and I want to get into stand-up. How should I start?
How can I watch Comedy Central on FiOS?
What is a joke that you always tell when asked and usually gets laughs?
Why do Bollywood sex comedy films usually fail?
What is best joke you have told?
Does exposure to funny things/shows/people make you a funnier person over time?
How many times does a comedian tell a new joke on stage before he decides if it's worth keeping in the act?
What are some extremely punny jokes that make fun of punny jokes?
What's the best method to write a 60 minutes stand up comedy show?
Let's predict. Will Kapil Sharma's upcoming comedy show be better than “Comedy Nights With Kapil”?
What are some funny stories about shenanigans that have taken place in Harvard dormitories?
What are your favorite comedic horror movies on netflix?
Are there Hindu jokes?
What is value creation of comedy nights with kapil?
What is the earliest historical example of humor?
Do any of the actors from It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia do stand up comedy outside of the show?
What are cartoons or humor that is overly explicit and grotesque often times being offensive called?
What is the most timeless joke?
What are some funny limericks? They can be rude if you want
What are some funny "life is like..." jokes?
What are some good but naughty knock knock jokes?
Is stand-up comedy an art form? Why?
Which black comedian does/did the best white guy voice?
What is the most funniest thing you have ever written to your sweet friend?
Is there any incident that was serious but which you found to be extremely funny?
What are some famous funny speeches?
Who are some of the funniest teachers of all time?
What would be the biggest joke and the biggest fun ever for The Joker?
Which comedy books/authors should I read?
How is Shakespeare's "As You Like It" a romantic comedy?
Why does Quora accept humorous answers but doesn't accept humorous questions?
Can you explain why this is funny?
What are the funniest songs ever written?
What are some funny Tin Can Challenge stories?
What are some funny, legal dares to do over the phone?
Which comedy video never fails to make you laugh till the end of the video?
How offensive is Peter Sellers role as Asian detective Sidney Wang in Murder by Death?
Should you joke with your clients in business?
Is having a light sense of humor bad?
When your manager puts you down in a joking matter time and again, is it a sign of hidden message or simply a bad sense of humor?
What is a good plot structure for film comedy?
What are the funniest nick names you have?
What are some of the funniest fights between couples?
What are your favorite English comedy series?
Which is the best tamil comedy film in recent times?
How do I write amusing flash fiction?
What is the funniest English joke?
What are some best anchoring lines, some touchy and some funny?
Books v/s sitcoms? Which one do you prefer and why?
Do you think that networks can compete with cable for top comedic talent at this point?
What is the funniest thing that happened while you were at a restaurant?
Why are some jokes so difficult to get for some people? What skills do you need to get jokes properly?
What are some of the best memes on Rahul Gandhi?
How difficult is Dante's divine comedy to read for a layperson?
What is so great about Saturday Night Live?
Who was/is the best comedy actor in Tamil Cinema?
What are Shubham Saha's best jokes?
What is the funniest story involving programming that you know?
Daniel Fernandes: Why does he dump his material on YouTube?
Which are some of the funniest short stories?
What is the most funny thing your kid did in his/her school?
Which are the 5 best English Comedy movies that you love watching again and again?
What are some funny voicemails to leave?
What are some of the funniest Vijay Mallya memes/troll you have ever seen?
Why do Indians put comedy fight scenes into drama movies when no other country does that?
What are some of the best humorous situation that you have encountered in your life?
Can I impress white girls with my joke about immigration?
What are some funny real life stories?
Is this video funny or offending, and why 
Where do I find all the episodes of comedy night with kapil?
What is the funniest thing you heard from your father?
A programmer walks into a bar. Can you finish the joke?
Do Indian girl share dirty jokes?
I tend to upvote answers that make me laugh out loud (and because they are witty, not because they are ridiculous. Am I alone?
What are the funniest jokes ever told, that make my girlfriend laugh her lungs out?
What is the funniest thing you've ever seen?
What is the funniest thing you heard that made you sad?
Who is your favorite actor/comedian and why?
Is it unhealthy to joke about yourself and your failures?
What is the funniest thing about yourself?
What are some humorous alternate interpretations of songs you know?
Who is the best Indian comedian?
Can I use humour in an interview?
What are some good drills and exercises to build humour on the spot?
Is andaz apna apna is the best Comedy movie of all time? Which are other comedy movies of all the times?
Why is the joke "then it hit me" funny?
What does the Hot Pockets company think of Jim Gaffigans stand up comedy?
Can a comedy movie be very suspenseful?
What is the funniest conversation between friends?
Why is a red brick wall typically used as the background in live stand-up comedy shows?
Who are the top three comedic actors of the last 100 years?
What is the most funniest experience at navodaya (jnv)?
How do you deal in social situations with people with no sense of humor?
Why is Jerry Lewis so highly regarded by comedians?
What is the funniest picture that you found online?
What are some good jokes and humor about Mangalore ?
What is the funniest thing that happened while you were at school?
David Mandel: How hard is it for SNL to keep recruiting great cast members? Why does quality vary so much?
Is Louis C.K. heavily reliant on dark and awkward humor?
What's the funniest invitation to get together party has ever written?
What is the funniest thing to put on a t-shirt?
How can I pitch skits to Saturday Night Live?
What is the best "Your Mom" joke that you made up?
Can you write a column in the humor style of Dave Barry?
How can my brother convince my parents that he wants to take up stand up comedy as a permanent profession?
Is everything fair play for humor?
Why is SNL still on air even though I don’t find it funny?
Who is the most naturally funny comedian you've ever known?
How do I create a website that allows users to upload and edit their comedy videos and skits?
What is black humour?
What is Larry David's comedy legacy? What impact has he had on American comedy and television?
When was a time where a joke/kidding around got you in trouble?
How has writing for comedic characters changed since you began?
?
Who writes jokes like the Santa- Banta ones?
What are some good adult jokes?
How can comedians afford to travel and do stand up around the country?
What is the name of the app that has funny videos and only funny videos?
How can I make my sense of humor more dry?
Is there any funny website that can enrich you greatly?
Can sense of humor be grown in another person, who mostly does not understand humor and/or not impressed?
My friend said, "he's a leprechaun." Then everyone laughed. What's funny?
What make a good dark comedy? And what are the tips of how to write one?
Where can I download " just for laughs: gags " episodes?
What are similar funny movies like, Dumb and Dumber To, Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls, The Mask?
Do you know any modern good Italian comedy films with English subs?
What are some funniest HR jokes?
What are some of the funniest sports bloopers?
What are the best ways of showing ur sense of humor in a job interview?
Who is/was the best comedian in India? Feel free to name any public figure.
What are some creative ideas for a state bill in North Carolina (Can be humorous)?
What is David Mandel's favorite SNL sketch?
Who does pure stand up comedy in India?
Which are the funniest photos or videos you have ever seen?
What can I do to be more humorous?
How does David Mandel keep coming up with new material as a comedy writer?
If I think I have a publishable script comedy, what are the steps I should take towards getting it on television?
Why does poligamy isn't proclamed openly but instead hidden besides daily facts (traditional marriage hipocrisy, media and literature plots, humour, etc?)
Why has Keenan Thompson been on Saturday Night Live so long?
What are good improv scenarios?
What is the name of the song played in background of Comedy Central women's day promo ad 2016?
What is the best joke on wives?
What was caveman humor like?
What are funny examples of Obama Derangement Syndrome (ODS) in action?
What are some funny high school election speeches?
What are your funniest stories you've had in the Military?
Why isn't Rowan Atkinson active in the UK television while countless other comedians who don't seem even half talented get lots of air time?
What was the knock-knock joke about the KGB in "The Office"?
Why is The Merchant of Venice considered a comedy?
Which is the best joke you heard in 2016?
Who are the best Filipino Comedians?
What's the best way to develop an impression?
Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee: What song is playing at the beginning of the sebastian maniscalco episode?
Which are the best adult comedy movie in Hollywood?
Is there more single stand up comedian males than not?
What are some funny incidents or events that take place in the world of international politics?
Is Comedy Nights with Kapil scripted?
What is the most hilarious sarcastic comment you have ever heard?
Who is Ashy Bines?
What is the funniest thing that your cat has ever done?
I write a funny joke for a comedy show. The day after I read again and I think that's a very bad joke. Why it's not funny anymore?
What is the funniest thing that ever happened to you on the Internet?
Which is your favourite joke from "Friends"?
Is there any famous joke in biology?
What are some good jokes in Old Church Slavonic?
What's the funniest sound an animal makes?
What are the funniest comments by Michael Owen you have heard so far?
What is the funniest story someone had told you?
How can I be able to ride along with my friends jokes better?
What funny things have happened at supermarkets?
Are there any geographical names that are humorous?
How do you turn a non humorous element into the humorous one?
What are some examples of irreverent humor?
What are the most innovative products or services you have ever come across?
What is the funniest thing you have read/written on a classroom bench?
How has humour changed over time?
Who is Aditi Mittal?
What are some videos of 1 minutes but funny?
What does it mean when my crush made a joke and looked at me to see if I'm laughing at his joke?
I'm performing as a magician/comedian tomorrow night in front of a huge crowd. What are some good performing/public speaking tips?
What is the funniest thing you've heard a fan shout at a sports game?
Do mature women have a better sense of humour than younger women?
Are good comedians generally intelligent?
What are best RegEx related jokes?
What is the difference between tragedy and comedy?
Is it Ok to have a sense of humor in a job interview?
What are some of the most interesting/funny VIVA incidents?
What is off-color humor? What is the cultural impact of this type of humor?
What are some of the best philosophy jokes?
Who is the famous Comedian Night Pappu?
How can I find a good looking guy who Is intelligent and have good sense of humor?
Who wrote the SNL sketch of "The Day Beyoncé turned Black?" Great sketch by the way.
What is some observational comedy teens can enjoy?
What is the funniest / stupidest way you've ever come out to someone?
Why are modern politically correct comedians the opposite of funny?
Is "The Tempest" by Shakespeare actually a comedy?
Anyone has the link for Johhny Lever's aeroplane mimicry comedy?
What are some good jokes and riddles from the medieval period?
What are the silliest CTC components you have ever come across?
What is the biggest joke?
What is the best way to react to a joke?
What do you think of the satire show 'Redacted Tonight'?
What is the funniest way someone misspelt your name?
I write 2/3 minute sketches or small sets of jokes. I want to perform at open mic events, but don't know if my material is funny enough. What do I do?
Why did FOX cancel the comedy sketch show, MADtv?
What are some funny and short jokes? They don't have to be clean.
Psychopaths: What kind of sense of humor do you have? 
Why did you go into stand up comedy?
What are some funny or interesting safe words you and your significant other share?
Why are so many comedians unfunny?
What are some cool, useful, and even funny facts about Carbon?
What is the funniest Kannada language incident that you've ever faced?
What is the funniest gag you have pulled on a telemarketer?
How long does it take the brain to process a joke and make a person laugh?
How does Kevin Hart compare to comedians like Chris Rock and Eddie Murphy?
What is a pocket-protector joke?
How is Louis CK so funny?
What was the main reason behind removed "Comedy Nights with Kapil" Episodes from Colors YouTube Channel?
Noam Chomsky: What role does comedy have in countering racial tension & stereotypes?
Why are jokes that are paradoxically meant to poke fun at Hitler not funny?
Comedy: Will political comedians get lazy if Trump wins the presidency? Since most of the the material will write itself?
How would you roast your best friend?
What kind of jokes work around different people?
I am avoiding company of my friends these days. They crack dirty jokes. My age is 18. Am I right?
What is the appeal of Karl Pilkington?
Are Trump jokes and memes effectively helping his campaign?
Will Kapil's new show "The Kapil Sharma Show" be able to create the same magic as "Comedy Nights With Kapil?
Can someone find humor in mathematics?
What are the funniest excuses for not going to school?
Can Krishna replace Kapil and maintain the same popularity of Comedy nights? Can you justify your answer?
What traits must every "lovable bad guy" in a comedy show possess?
How does Alec Berg cast actors for comedic roles? Are there auditions?
What are some unknown facts about computer/peripherals?
Who is the funniest woman on earth at the moment?
What are the best musicians jokes?
How can I get a good sense of humour?
What are some films/series with comedy comparable to Scott Pilgrim?
Where in Munich will I find open mic stand-up comedy nights?
What are some incidents full of wit and humor in classroom interactions of Electrical Engineering?
What are some highly offensive but witty jokes?
What name should I give to my online comedy group?
I do not understand this Jewish joke. Can someone explain it?
How can a man be funny?
What is the best Comedy that doesn't last it's taste forever?
How do you review your stand up comedy material?
What makes some people very good at cracking jokes or very well sense of humour?
What is the lamest joke you have ever cracked?
Who is the best Tamil comedian among the three (Goundamani, Vadivelu, Santhanam)?
What ever happened to Cheri Oteri after SNL? Why didn't she make any impact after SNL?
How should I start doing stand up comedy?
What are some of the best books on writing standup comedy jokes?
Why is Ghostbusters widely regarded as one of the best comedies ever?
My mother always hates the new Bollywood comedy movies even without watching them but enjoys old comedy movies. Can anyone give me any remedy to it?
What does offbeat sense of humour means?
Is Kevin Hart funny?
Can a person get immune to jokes and lose their sense of humour because of tragic events that happened?
Where is the Quora answer which told people to become more attractive by watching their favorite comedian?
Could you tell a joke with black humor?
What are some of the most hilarious and funny events that you have witnessed?
What is the funniest expression or saying you can think of?
Is it ok to use a someone else's "voice" when starting up in stand up comedy?
When a male interviewer crack a sexual joke and gaze to you thrice, what does it mean?
What is the role of humor in Christianity?
What are the most funny college confession?
Do you think revenge is a subject of comedy plays?
What are the most funniest videos you have come across?
What makes a good webisode?
What's your funny college exam story?
Is friends the most comedy tv serial in the world?
Do you know a joke about two groups of people that goes as follows?
What are some modern witty comedians?
How should I engage with people who don't have a sense of humor?
What do you think about "The Kapil Sharma Show"?
Comedy: Who do you think is the greatest comedic genius of all time?
What is the funniest conversation you ever had?
Are there funny office meetings?
What's so funny about the Marx Brothers?
Is there any romantic or comedy story script in which any film is not made yet?
Who is/was the funniest person in the world?
What are the best sarcasm jokes?
Why do the British look down on American comedy and comedians?
YouTube: Who is Cr1tikal (Penguinz0)?
What are some funny nighttime pranks to pull on your friends?
Which books should I read to learn how to write a good comedy comic series?
Which is better: The Comedy Bang Bang TV show or podcast?
How do I motivate others during special forces training (BUD/S) by applying humor during tough times?
How can I watch old episodes of 'Comedy Nights with Kapil' now that Colors has removed it from Youtube and its own website?
What is the meaning of you are funny?
How can I learn to write sketch comedy and sit-coms?
Would you please interpret the game "Knock-knock"?
What was the funniest prank that you played? And what response did you get?
What are some jokes on Samajwadi Party?
What is the "10-inch pianist" joke? What are other similar jokes like it?
What are some quotes about dry humor?
What is the best way to be a comedian in a serious short film?
What are some funny retail stories?
What are the funniest party games?
Is Donald Trump Sacha Baron Cohen's latest character?
What are some funny anime jokes?
Which is the best comedy by an IITian?
How can Saturday Night Live use all the trademarks they do in their skits without being sued?
What are some of the most funniest comments/jokes you found on benches or desks?
Who makes these Whatsapp jokes and forwards?
Are humorous people humorous even when they are all alone in their room?
How can I go in kapil show?
What is the funniest thing your professor has said?
What are funny abuses?
What is the shortest joke that is difficult to understand in the first read?
What is the funniest thing someone's shouted during a movie?
Does England produce the World's tallest comedians?
What are some famous jokes whose punchlines were actually wrong?
Why did Kapil leave comedy nights with Kapil?
What are some funny parent fails?
Why is Battletoads so funny?
Are there many comedians who don't insult others, as part of their act?
What's the difference between American and British humor?
Why do so many languages have difficulty distinguishing fun and funny?
How does tragedy play differ from comedy plays?
What was it like directing Michael Pena during his comedy scenes?
What are some jokes in Deadpool (2016) movie which people might have missed?
If you were a standup comedian in the Dark Ages, what kind of jokes would you tell?
What are animals that prove nature has a childish sense of humor?
What are popular joke templates/styles?
Gillian Jacobs: What do you think about the status of Comedy compared to other genres?
Can you help me find the title of an old comedy movie?
What are some good socialist jokes?
How come some people don't joke around with me even if I find their jokes funny?
What are some examples of dry wit humor?
Andy Weir: How did you conceptualize the jokes in your book?
How do I stop being so politically correct at comedy?
Does anyone like Kenan Thompson on SNL?
Can you share car humour?
Do you have any funny incident to share where you have been mistaken as shop person?
What is the role of Mr. Navjot Singh Sidhu in the well-known reality show "Comedy Nights with Kapil"?
Andy Weir: Where did you get your sense of humor?
What are some of the most underrated comedy shows?
How can I get started in stand-up comedy?
When will Saturday Night Live end?
What are the funniest malapropisms?
What are some funny Chevy vs. Dodge jokes?
What can some good Humor pictures teach us?
Am I the only one who thinks Rachel Green is a bitch in the TV show, Friends?
Which is the worst joke you have heard or read that made you doubt your existence?
I want to be a comedian, but I don't think I'm funny enough. Is comedy something that can be perfected with lots of practice?
I recently read some articles about inappropriate jokes about patients in the OR. Why do they do it?
What are some funny scripts /stories one can enact (10 minutes, 4 characters {a bit urgent})?
Why is comedy nowadays so politically correct?
Should I be offended by jokes my guy friends make?
What are some of your favourite dad joke moments?
I want to do stand up comedy in the US (I'm from Europe) Where do I start?
Why is fun considered a joy but funny considered a joke? Are they part of the same word as in sun and sunny?
I'm good looking, usually the best talker in the room, and I have a great sense of humour, yet I struggle talking to girls. How can I improve this?
Friends (TV series): Where is Monica's apartment located? What would the rent be on those apartments in NYC today? 
What are some funny or strange incidents from australia?
What are some funny words to call a person who talks more and more?
Who are the upcoming stars of Indian stand-up comedy?
What are some funny stories about construction?
What are some jokes that only work in a language?
Why stand-up comedies are gaining momentum in India?
Whatever happened to the comedian Mark Lamarr?
How can I not become a joke for the group?
What were some funny occations where you saw people use incredibly old-fashioned tools to do a job?
What is the funniest science video you have ever seen?
Why her friend making jokes as if I am in love with someone?
Do people ever get offended or vengeful after "roasts" on Comedy Central?
What are some funny "most likely to" awards?
What is the funniest thing that ever happened to you at work?
What is the funniest thing apple did in their development?
Who is the funniest comedian in the USA right now?
Which are some simple and light hearted comedy film?
Where can I find comedic monologues from published plays?
Comedy Nights with Kapil: Why is cnwk going off air?
How do you watch Comedy Central on DirecTV?
No jokes, we are Indians: Are we reaching this stage with SC of India taking up a petition against Sardar jokes?
What is on the soundtrack to Kings of Comedy?
Why is John Grey such a popular comedian?
Which GOP candidate did SNL impersonate the best?
What's the funny rule among drivers in your country which you can not find them in written regulations?
Who is the best example for good sense of Humor?
Is he worth it? He seems to seek my company more than others. But he makes me feel inadequate.
Do you have any funny stories about the inhibitive presence of a native speaker for groups of non-natives?
Which is the best "about you" you have ever come across?
How do you know how far to go with a standup joke, when it seems like it could work as anywhere from a single line to a long story?
Where can I download Comedy Nights with Kapil full episodes (there are no more videos in youtube)?
What is the most hilarious problems which a friend put you into?
Is humor concidered an inherited trait or is it acquired?
What dichotomies of society do you find particularly funny or interesting?
What's the Adam Sandler comedy formula?
Should I study humor?
Gillian Jacobs: Who was the funniest co-star to work with in Community?
What are some short stories within 100 words in the genre of comedy?
What is the funniest thing you saw a coworker do?
Do you feel like LOVE is a more realistic take on modern relationships? Why do you think these types of comedies are more popular now?
What are some of the funniest things to do with cousins?
Is British humour similar to Spanish?
Gillian Jacobs: Why are romantic comedies exploding on television now?
What are some funny yet harmless pranks to pull at camp?
Is there a way to find out when big names plan to drop in the the comedy cellar (or other clubs)? Presume they must alert SOMEONE at the venue?
What are the best hindi comedy sitcoms?
What are the most funny and interesting facts you know about Animals?
What are some embarrassing situations which turned into a good, heart warming joke?
Matt Gallagher: What were your funniest memories from the war?
Are there any movies with humor reminiscent of SMBC Comics?
What's the funniest thing that happened when you weren't on mute during your business call?
What are the different lawyer jokes?
How can I come up with funny story ideas?
What are some funniest stories you have heard before?
What is the essence of Sarah Silverman's comedy?
People by grp always play jokes on others or humiliating someone behind the people. Why don't they discuss something differently?
How did Larry David do as the host of Saturday Night Live on February 6, 2016?
What is the essence of CK Louis's comedy?
Why many straight men make jokes about male rape when none of them would find it funny if it happens to him?
What is the punch line of the forklift joke by Louis CK?
What are some of the most hilarious things you've done or have witnessed other people do to entertain others on stage?
What is black humour? Is it offensive or dark in any way? Is it polite to use black humour during casual conversations?
What are some good jokes involving rapists?
What are some good clean jokes?
What do you love about comedians?
I need a few comedy movies for two 12 year old kids and maybe one horror movie. Any suggestions?
Whether any Pakistani actress participated in Indian Comedy Show?
Why does Comedy Central (South Park, Daily Show, Comedians, etc?) exhibit more consciousness & clarity examining life than "respected" news outlets?
What is the funniest line from an otherwise serious movie?
Is it ok if you don't have so many punchlines in your stand-up comedy routine?
Who are some comedians like Chelsea Handler?
What are your favorite funny tv shows, and specifically why do you find them funny?
What is the most humorous fairy tale?
How should I go about watching all Greek tragedies (and comedies, if possible) in a month? Which versions should I watch, and in what order?
What are some funny military mistakes?
What are best Indian comedy TV shows?
What are some funny caveman names?
Who are the most successful stand-up comedian today in India?
What are some funny facts about life?
What are the most funniest fake stories ever heard?
What are some comedy tv shows?
What are the good English comedy movies?
How can I come up with clever responses when people joke around with me?
Biswapati Sarkar: You guys are ex-IITians, so do you people as a group have any comedy OR humorous incidences in IIT?
What are some adult pokemon jokes?
What is the funniest thing your grandparent has said?
Whom do you think is a better comedian? Kapil OR Krushna?
Black-ish (tv show): Is the new TV show "blackish" good? Is it funny?
What is the essence of Robin William's comedy?
What are some great sitcoms to watch which are still on the run?
Paul Gilmartin: How did you handle the transition out of standup when you first decided you needed to pull out?
Will colleges like stand up comedy?
What's the funniest thing that ever happened to you while serving in the military?
Why did "Bad Judge" get canceled?
What is the closing song the house band plays on Saturday Night Live, the 2010 years?
How would one best describe Deadpool's sense of humour?
Why do I think fights are funny?
Why do U.S. tv comedies seem so irritatingly bad to me?
What are some of the best forever alone jokes?
How did Bernie Sanders manage to rehearse for his Saturday Night Live appearance, just 3 days before the New Hampshire primary?
Biswapati Sarkar: which comedian from AIB do you like most?
Can the comedy double act of Lawrel and Hardy be considered a kind of western "Manzai"?
What are the best ways to promote a comedy show at a local level/place?
What are some funny cootie catcher fortunes?
What is the biggest joke on Wallstreet?
Biswapati Sarkar: How is the stand-up comedy evolving in India?
What's the funniest movie ever made?
What are some of the funniest year end reviews in office that you have come across?
What are some best funny conversations between two people? It can be fiction too.
What is the essence of Dave Chappelle's comedy?
On what do the Dutch and the Belgians joke about each other?
What is the best book on cracking jokes?
Will Bernie Sanders ever be "rough" with Clinton?
What exactly does this joke mean?
What are the funniest stories about engineers?
What is the essence of Kapil Sharma's comedy?
Why are there so many French surrender jokes?
What are the best comedy/action animes?
Are there any funny muslim jokes?
What are examples of combining two jokes to make the resulting joke funnier than the two individual jokes?
What structure/organize you use to write your stand up comedy on Word?
Will Comedy Nights with Kapil be back on Television ever? When?
Who's the funniest non-comedian celebrity?
When do children begin to understand jokes?
What is a good funny movie with dry humor?
Does anyone think that Keenan Thompson on SNL is funny, and if so what is an example of his humor?
What is some best Humor in Cricket you came across?
How was the new show 'Comedy Nights Live' that replaced CNWK?
How do I defuse an impending argument with humour?
Is sarcasm good form of comedy?
What was the best article you've read on Amy Schumer's comedy?
What are the best comedy movies released in 2015?
Is comedy night live better than comedy night with kapil?
Could people understand more cognitively if teaching knowledge was based on humor?
What are the funniest ways by which you have inadvertently ended a conversation?
What are the best dark comedy/black humor movies released since 2000?
Incongruity and resolution are a central part to humor theory. Beside jokes, where else do incongruities arise?
Why did kapil leave his show?
What is the name of this comedian?
What are the problems of a single child?
What is the definition of joke?
Which are some of the best jokes ever?
Why was the Bernie Sanders appearance on "Saturday Night Live" announced in advance and not a surprise?
What are some good jokes about religion?
Where can I find a large database of jokes in string format?
What kinds of vines are the average parents going to think are funny if one of them doesn't have a sense of humor?
What is the funniest thing that you've heard a parent say to a child?
What has made Kapil disappear from Comedy Nights?
TV Sitcoms: Why is FRIENDS considered better than How I met your Mother?
Pakistan: What do Pakistani people feel about stand up comedians of India?
Comedians: People keep telling me that I'm a very funny person, but this irritates me a lot. I don't want to be funny. Why do they keep saying this?
Little Man or White Chicks (which is funnier)?
Is it okay to be always funny?
Why does nobody seem to know Eric Bana was a comedian?
What is the funniest story you ever heard?
What are some examples of inappropriate jokes?
What recent mainstream movie best exemplifies the concept of black humor and why?
Do cultures differ in their sense of humor?
What is it like to attend a taping of Saturday Night Live?
How can I get good at improv comedy?
What are some movies that display black humor?
How do I become a stand-up comedian?
What changes between the dress rehearsal and live performance of Saturday Night Live?
Rachel Bloom: Have you ever actually scared someone off with your sense of humor?
Who was regarded as the worst comedian in history?
What are some of the best comedians from Spain?
Biswapati Sarkar: Are you guys planning to make a dark comedy or thriller in future?
Have you known a dog with a demonstrable sense of humor?
What is the funniest thing you heard on your high school intercom system?
What are some funny eloped stories?
What is the funniest thing that happened during your marriage?
What level of awareness do black voters have of Bernie Sanders' or Clinton's policies?
What are the best examples of sadistic, sarcastic and egotistic humour?
Which stand up comedians have routines similar to John Mulaney?
Does Monica Geller's character deserve more credit and recognition?
Should I ask people what a joke means?
Rachel Bloom: What are the elements of a great joke?
What are some hidden, hilarious and amusing facts about girls?
What are some funniest couple's sex stories?
Which comedians rely heavily on puns?
Rachel Bloom: What are the things most people find humorous?
What are the differences between performing comedy on TV versus stand-up?
Biswapati Sarkar: Which is your favourite comedian?
Rachel Bloom: Did you chose comedy as your genre because you're a natural in it?
What are some funny signatures for text messsages?
What are all the differences between american humor and Indian humor?
Rachel Bloom: How is it like to be a comedian and taking insult on yourself and how do you not take it personally?
Is there an online group of amateur comedy writers?
I like two girls. One is HOT and funny, the other one is also nice and funny. I've been flirting a little, mostly glances at them. What should I do?
What are some funny memes?
Do sex comedies like Grand Masti objectify women? Are they disrespectful to womanhood in general?
Rachel Bloom: Do you use timing notation (hashmarks for beats, etc.) when writing new material for shows or standup?
How do you write funny songs?
What are the funny facts you know those make others burst into laughter?
What is good comedy?
What do I do to become a standup comedian in India, if I can't speak super fluent English?
How can I watch American sitcoms in other languages?
The comparison is uncanny. Isn't Anthony Mackie the perfect actor to portray Eddie Murphy if there is ever a biopic on the comedian?
How did Ellen Vrana develop her rad sense of humor?
Rachel Bloom: What are the biggest differences for you in writing/performing parodic songs, standup, improvisation, sketch, and televised comedy?
Who are some good comedians who are also ex-military?
What are some one liner funny jokes to text an angry friend?
What is the best story from a stand-up comedy routine?
What does it feel like as a standup comedian, when you come off stage?
Why hasn't a big budget movie version of the Divine Comedy been made?
Which comedian is Henry mimicking in Episode 10 of Season 3 of The Americans?
Can I use images from Facebook on my blog like memes and jokes?
Rachel Bloom: How did you make the case to network executives that a weekly musical comedy could work on television?
What are some funny texting dares?
What does a typical Pakistani think of below supposedly comedy video? Is it funny?
Which comedian has literally killed the most people with their humor?
What are some of the funniest and silliest things you've believed wholeheartedly as a kid only to find out much later that it wasn't true?
Rachel Bloom: What inspires your best comedy?
What do paleontologists find funny? How are those things similar and different to what non-paleontologists find funny?
Rachel Bloom: How shocked were you, and what were your thoughts, when CEx_G, a real throwback musical comedy, was greenlighted?
Are there humorous poems?
Do comedies age poorly? If so, why?
Rachel Bloom: What are the challenges in writing a musical comedy for network TV?
What's the funniest part of Seven Pounds?
Rachel Bloom: Where do you think comedy comes from? What is that thing that makes comedians so limited in number?
What was it like doing standup comedy in the '90s, and how has the scene changed since then?
What are some funny numbers you can call?
What are some great examples of wry humor?
What are some tips for roasting someone? How do you keep it funny and not too mean?
I'm looking for a you-tube prank video that involves using a fake honey-badger to scare people and I can't find it anywhere?
What killed Bill Hicks?
Rachel Bloom: Starting out, how did you handle the business side of being funny?
You come up with a movie idea that is both original and funny. Where do you go from there?
Biswapati Sarkar: How do u manage being the funniest guy in TVF?
Has the show Saturday Night Live ever been in danger of being canceled?
Where can I find George Harrison full SNL show? (S02E08)
Rachel Bloom: What are the pitfalls of a female comedian working in a largely male dominated area?
What are the best sense of humor jokes?
Why Comedy nights with Kapil is ending?
How does David Cross prepare for standup comedy?
Rachel Bloom: Is it a good time to be a woman in comedy right now?
Rachel Bloom: They say that comedy comes from a dark place inside a comedian. What are your views on the same?
Rachel Bloom: How can I do standup comedy easily?
What is the funniest changelog you have ever seen?
What are some good jokes about helicases?
Rachel Bloom: Much of the show's comedy is satirical (i.e., Valencia's vapid lifestyle) in a sharp way w/o being mean. How do you balance the message & the comedy?
What are some jokes that Mennonites tell?
POLL: When was a time where a person is trying to be funny, but you find him/her actually offensive?
Biswapati Sarkar: Where did you learn script and comedy writing?
Journal: What is the funniest research paper you have ever read?
What steps should a person take from being funny colloquially to becoming a stand up comedian?
I found these images hilarious. What do you think of them?
Rachel Bloom: Which is the best joke you've ever heard?
What are some of the funniest comebacks you have heard of?
What are the some of the worst(or unintentionally hilarious) commentary instances in a cricket match?
Rachel Bloom: What advice would you give a young actress seeking to break into comedy today?
Rachel Bloom: What is the most difficult part while doing comic scenes?
How should I teach myself to do comedy about really bad situations in politics?
What are some humorous names like I P Freely?
What is the most sarcastic remark you have ever come across?
What are some funny stories you have about going to a movie?
Why are there so many "walk into a bar" jokes?
Rachel Bloom: What are the keys to sucessful comedy improvisation?
What did Modi mean by 'shirt fronting'?
What are some good crude humor jokes that involve politicians?
Can you recommend comedy comics from the 1900s e.g binkys buddies?
What's a good, recent comedy or chick flick that I can watch on Netflix?
Why is death by being "hit by a blimp" such a popular joke?
What are some good (comedy/drama) movies that are really good and will make you feel good?
Rachel Bloom: Why did musical comedy appeal to you instead of other comedy genres?
What's the best process to develop 20 minutes of material for a stand up?
How do comedians with specials get paid by Netflix? Is there a backend? Do you get viewership information to plan tours? Etc...
What is the funniest thing Harry Styles has ever said on Facebook?
What's the best joke one can use to strike a conversation in a networking event?
How do I start writing comedy?
Why do people like such gross slapstick comedies like mastizaade?
Biswapati Sarkar: How do you make such obvious jokes from day to day life? What does make your thinking like this? What made you what you are?
What are some funny stories about how some places have been named?
Do stand-up comedians ever get bothered that they are seen as the "funny people" outside of their work?
What are the most hilarious movies?
What is the funniest work of written literature in any language?
Why did the Colors Channel not screen the last episode of CNWK (Comedy Nights with Kapil) TV show?
Why was The Martian nominated as a comedy for the Golden Globes?
How can any one individual express that although their work is very serious, they still have an enjoyment of humor?
What's the funniest book?
Alec Berg: Do you think it's possible for a person to write a funny screenplay even though he's not a funny in person?
Humor: What's your funniest experience?
What is the funniest conversation you have heard on the train/bus?
What are the best dead baby jokes?
Alec Berg: Are the characters of Silicon Valley (the show) inspired by real Silicon Valley people?
What is the funniest response to "I love you"?
What are some of the most funny college confessions?
Comedy: Which is the funniest thing happened to you when talking to your mother?
What are some of the funniest iPhone emojis?
"Must have good sense of humour" is often stated, yet I have never met anyone who admits having NO sense of humour. Why not?
Why did audiences boo e street band on the Saturday Night Live show?
Can I have a story for a play based on the theme "Comedy in Tragedy"?
What makes The Martian a comedy instead of another category?
What are some of the best punny jokes?
How can I find out what comedians are performing/touring through Chicago?
What are some super funny jokes?
Alec Berg: How much have sitcoms changed over past few decades?
What are some funny status to get comments?
Alec Berg: What is your process for writing a comedic script?
Should a comedian be arrested for mimicking?
Why do many comedy anime have opening lyrics related to love and affection, even if these are not relevant to the anime itself?
What did the letter F say when he became cool? Sup G.explain joke?
Alec Burg: Does increasing chinese and Indian audience is discouraging production houses to make Hollywood comedies?
What is "a setup" in comedy writing?
Who is the most loved bollywood comedian?
Are there equivalents of the knock-knock joke in other languages or cultures?
How do lmfao jokes differ from other type of jokes?
Why did Katt Williams name his comedy album "Every Day I'm Hustlin'"?
Why humour and wisdom is one of the best combinations?
How can Comedy Nights With Kapil actor Kiku Sharda be arrested for just mimicking a living human being?
How do I break into satire?
I absolutely loved the British television comedy "Peep Show", and "Toast of London". What other British sitcoms would I thoroughly enjoy?
Joe Lonsdale: What's a funny story few people know about you?
Is it all right to think that I am the funniest?
What are some funny ways to answer a call?
What are some funny first flight incidents (when you first boarded a plane)?
What are some interesting jokes you created?
Alec Berg: What's your process for constructing a comedy set piece?
How do I host stand up comedy event?
What are some of the dirtiest jokes?
Alec Berg: How would you get kids involved in beginning to write comedy? Any tips for a teacher starting a comedy club at a high school?
What is the significance of comic scenes in Marlowe's Dr. Faustus?
How does Martian come under Musical and Comedy genre in Golden Globe?
What are some funny things to do in a hotel?
Alec Berg: Would you say comedy is culturally specific? If so, how have you managed to write humorous stories that has transcended boundaries?
Which stand-up comedians have an extremely perversive style?
Culture of India: Does Indian humor share any characteristics with British humor and comedy? 
What is the most common type of humor?
What is more important when telling a joke - the quality of the joke or the way it is delivered?
What are some of the funniest lies that parents have told their children?
Why was Matt LeBlanc so much better/funnier in FRIENDS than in anything else?
Alec Berg: What are your suggestions for an aspiring comedy writer?
What do you think of this joke about Stevie Wonder?
Does a "quiet" stand-up comedian exist?
How do I develop the skill of humour?
How do I start off a comedy blog? What are some tips to generate visitors?
What was the funniest thing Pedro said about Napoleon Dynamite running for class president?
What category does Mock the Week or Russell Howard's Good News fall in?
What are some clever "You're so dumb..." jokes?
What are the most frequent jokes made on you and how would you rate it?
What other countries besides the UK and US have made mockumentary-styled comedies?
Why the Televesion Primetime Star Plus comedy soap "Sumit Sambhal Lega" has stopped broadcasting abruptly?
How has television comedy changed over the past 20 years?
What are some stupid but funny maths jokes?
What are some 'feel good' jokes?
What are some weird / funny statistics (that aren't made up)?
Google says that the show Fargo is a comedy. Do you find it funny?
What's the problem with black humour/racist jokes when it's just a joke?
Do most stand-up comedians get their material and inspiration from the tragic circumstances of their lives?
Why did Comedy Nights with Kapil go off air?
Is Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh Insaan the biggest comedian of India?
What is the technique that standup comedians use to transition from one topic to another while performing? Is it natural or thoroughly rehearsed?
What is an example of Irish humour?
What are cool/humorous responses programmers can use when asked what they do?
Which television network makes the best comedies and why?
What are some good short comedy anime?
Is the comedy of the late Joan Rivers simply rude by design?
What season of Saturday Night Live is arguably the best?
My boyfriend told me I'm corny and that it hurts him that he feels like he has to laugh at my corny jokes. I barely make jokes. What does this mean?
Alec Berg: Why are there so few comedies compared to the number of dramatic TV shows? Is a comedy tougher to create?
What are some funny, dirty Christmas jokes?
What are some good jokes about short people?
What is the most unintentionally hilarious episode of Walker Texas Ranger?
What are some funny air hostess stories?
How do I get started in stand-up comedy at 40 years of age?
Alec Berg: How has T.V. comedy evolved since Seinfeld?
Alec Berg: How has political correctness affected the production of televised comedy?
What are some of the oldest recorded jokes?
On what grounds can Kiku Sharda (Palak) be arrested for imitating Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh in a comedy show?
Is satire, the sophisticated man's comedy?
What is the most funny thing about a common Indian man or living?
Alec Berg: What do you think of Seinfeld's comments about comedy not having a place on college campuses anymore and the pressure for all TV comedies to be "PC"?
Friends (TV series): What is Chandler's job?
What are some good jokes that Italians tell each other?
What was your greatest practical joke you pulled on someone?
Does wikipedia host any page with even a dab of humour?
Is Grumpy Old Men a funny movie?
David Cross: What best describes your comedy brand: "indie-rock god of comedy" or "hipster tyrant", neither or both?
Who is the greatest Marathi comedian ever? Why?
Can you name some funny movies that few have heard about?
Are there any funny stories from WW2?
Can you tell of any short jokes that can be cracked in an interview, if asked to?
What are some funny superlatives?
David Cross: When did you first know you wanted to get into comedy?
Is there funny apps in India?
What is a campy sense of humor?
Gillian Anderson: Would you enjoy performing in a pure comedic role? Have you ever improvised funny/sarcastic dialogues on any of your shows?
Gillian Anderson: What has been the funniest thing that you have done on set?
What are funny facts about engineering?
David Cross: Do you have a favorite city when perform your standup comedy?
What hilarious jokes could you tell that wouldn't be understood due to language/cultural/circumstances barrier?
What are comedies?
What is the funniest thing you did to impress your boss?
Tony Stubblebine: Is humour important to success?
What are some cute romantic comedies like "27 Dresses"?
Gillian Anderson: You've said you'd like to try more comedy roles. Which comic actors/actresses would you be interested in working with?
What does the 'gone to plaid' joke in Spaceballs mean?
What are the best Japanese jokes you ever heard which are understood by people outside the country?
David Cross: I loved the extra behind-the-scenes episode of W/ Bob & David. Can you please share your favorite story from behind-the-scenes?
Gillian Anderson: What type of humor is your favorite?
David Cross: Does participating in comedy dull the joy in of watching it? You make the proverbial sausage and know comedians personally. Are you able to be a fan?
Are sitcoms realistic?
Did the BBC comedy series Dad's Army ever mention the Soviet role in the war?
Who wrote the "Can I Get Your Number" skit from Mad TV? Which other skits did they write?
What are some of the best memes/jokes/videos/photos in the IITs overall?
David Cross: If you could personally give a name to your genre of comedy, what would you call it?
Does Sandra Bernhard make you laugh?
What are some funny Samoan jokes about Samoans?
Psychology of Humor: Where does the desire to joke come from?
What are some of the most famous funny Dubsteps?
In which city is the humor novel "Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy" set?
What are some of the best and funniest grasshopper jokes?
David Cross: What's the most "inappropriate" joke you've delivered to your parents?
David Cross: What are your tips for interpreting a comedic character as an actor?
What kind of comedy never dates?
David Cross: Who are your comedy heros?
Gillian Anderson: Have you ever considered acting in a comedy? If no, why not? Based on zero evidence, I suspect you have a witty sense of humor in real life.
Gillian Anderson: What is the funniest thing that has happened to you on set?
David Cross: Would you like to predict what would happen to comedy genre in ten or twenty years from now, both in TV and movies?
How did Chelsea Peretti get her big break in comedy?
What's the point of funny but mean nicknames? Doesn't such 'humor' come at a cost?
David Cross: Ive been thinking about getting into writing comedy. What path does one take to make it on a tv show?
What are the funniest Jeopardy questions/answers ever?
What is the best corny joke?
Television in the United Kingdom: Why does Russell Brand never appear on any comedy panel shows in the UK?
Can anyone be funny, or just some people?
Gillian Anderson: What has been the funniest thing that David Duchovny has done on set?
What are some good jokes for professors to tell each other?
What are some fun pranks to do at night?
David Cross: How do you handle hecklers when you are doing standup comedy?
Gillian Anderson: What is the funniest part of the X Files revival?
What would happen to the world if 50% of the global population was composed of professional stand up comedians?
What makes a good comedian?
What are some good Indian short stories with an interesting or humorous ending?
What is the funniest answer to the greeting, "What's Up"?
Is it OK to make cynical jokes?
David Cross: How did you first get into comedy?
Was Gimme a Break starting Nell Carter a funny show?
Was The Jeffersons a funny show?
David Cross: What was the funniest thing that happened on the set of Arrested Development?
What should I do when my 2 guy friends watch sex jokes when I'm around?
What's a funny, unique name for a raccoon?
David Cross: Who do you think was your funniest co-star on Arrested Development?
Which are funniest fake profiles on social networks?
Which are the best comedy Hollywood movies worth watching, between 1990 and 2015?
What are the best Indian jokes you ever heard which are understood by people outside the country?
What are some good jokes about Catholics?
David Cross: Who among the cast of Arrested Development is funniest in real life?
How can I gain an ability for Sarcastic like Humor?
What are the best Korean jokes you ever heard which are understood by people outside the country?
David Cross: What makes something funny?
David Cross: In an era of unprecedented abundance of sketch comedy (via YouTube, etc.), how might one work to stand out in that field?
What are some funny zombie quotes?
David Cross: What is that pefect recipe for comedy? Arrested development was far from slapstick/tongue in cheek sort of humour. Has the audience evolved enough?
Gillian Anderson: Dear Gillian, I understand you would love to act in a comedy, are there any funny performers that you would love to work with?
What do girls think about standup comedian?
Gillian Anderson: Who was the funniest person on the set of The X Files?
What's the funniest birthday message for a grumpy 50 years old coworker that you have come across?
David Cross: How aware were you of the various background jokes throughout Arrested Development?
What are some funny algorithm names?
Which is your most humorous story?
David Cross: What do you have to say about the Modern Family winning all the best comedy awards? Do you think its justified?
Gillian Anderson: You and Carrie Fisher are both talented actresses and writers, would you be interested in starring in a comedy together in the future?
How would stand up comedians lead their usual life off stage?
David Cross: How do you write a script for comedy? Any pointers?
David Cross: How do you test/decide whether a show/script is funny or not? Do you target specific personas, as one might find it funny and the other wont?
Gillian Anderson: Which comedy show would you most like a role in ? (US and UK)
What are some comedy TV Series in English?
What is the most funny incident that happened to you in your college days?
Gillian Anderson: Is there any X Files joke that never fails to make you laugh?
Gillian Anderson: Do you get offered many roles for comedy? You were a riot in the comedic episodes of The X-Files and in Johnny English Reborn.
What are some good tips to prepare a standup routine?
What are some funny, unique names for a weasel?
Is Monty Python the most original comedy ever?
What are the best sitcoms that only lasted one season?
What are some harmless pranks to pull on your parents?
What are some best stand up comedies with no vulgar or cheap content in English?
What are the best jokes I can get on Salmaan Khan?
Do you like Amy Schumer's comedy sketch Inside Amy Schumer?
What are some of the funniest pre-wedding photo shoots?
What are some best comedy story sites on internet?
I know this sounds insenstive but was "Lean on Me" the funniest inspirational movie ever?
Which is the best joke you have heard till date?
What are the funniest games played in office?
What are some best stand up comedies with no vulgar or cheap content in Gujarati?
What are some tips to improve sense of humor and become a more funny speaker?
Where can I find a comedy sketch by a female comedian, talking about making cocktails 'there's nothing mixed about Jack Daniels'?
How can one become better at telling jokes?
Which are some of the funniest posts on fb?
How can I have good sense of humour without using abusive words?
Do people get funny thoughts during a serious situation?
Will people get attracted more towards comedy or tragedy?
What is the most hilarious (but false) thing you have heard about India?
I was once called "question girl" by my Uncle, when I was younger, should that have been funny or a concern?
Why are there so few comedy roasts?
What are the most racist jokes?
Which comedy show is best in India comedy nights with Kapil or on AIR AIB?
What are some of the most viewed standup comedian shows?
What's the funniest scene in 'I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus' and why?
Who was the best stand up comedian - on TV, Radio and Touring Theaters in 2015?
Where are the best improv comedy classes at colleges, businesses, near 90740?
What is the smallest joke ever?
What are some funny gag names?
What are some of the funniest Indian pages on Facebook?
What was it like to be in the audience during the taping of the last episode of The Daily Show with Jon Stewart?
French (language): What does "vous auriez l'heure" mean in the joke below?
Do different races have different senses of humor?
Where do you think Michael Richards is now? Does he have any upcoming projects or even appearances? When was the latest pic of him taken?
What are some harmless pranks you can do on a home?
Is "Welcome to Me" the best comedy film of 2015?
What are some funny stories from peoples basic training experiences?
Who are the funniest entrepreneurs you ever come across in your life?
How do you implement comedic effect in writing?
Why can't woman do comedy?
How do i become funny, without being mocked or make fool of myself?
How do comedians perceive the world?
What are the funniest Bollywood movie titles?
What are the funniest comments left as app feedback?
What are some funny stories about dogs?
Which are some of the funniest letters ever written?
How would you rate these jokes (chapter 2)?
Are there any funny/comedy characters from mythologies around the world?
What are some Jokes to crack on your friend who drinks alot?
What are some good, confusing jokes?
Do you agree with the proposition "Today's comedians are yesterday's philosiphers"?
What are some of the funniest Indian plays?
What are some things funny about dating a short girl?
What are the best Christmas jokes?
How does SNL work?
How can I get an internship on the Daily Show?
What kind of short funny stories can be incorporated for a Humorous Speech to Warm up the audience? Examples Please!
Which African countries have comedy clubs?
How do I train myself to become a good stand up comedian?
How do singles without any partners cope with a lonely Christmas?
Can you suggest some sitcoms?
How would you define dark humor? What are some examples?
What were the best jokes you heard in 2015?
What are jokes that trick people into saying something that's not right?
What are some good jokes about traveling salesmen?
What are some X-rated Christmas Jokes?
What are some of the best offensive comedy movies like Borat, Dictator, Bruno, American Pie?
What are some funny questions with no real answer?
Why is it tough to recollect some jokes that you spent hours laughing over?
Is Papa CJ, the Indian stand-up comedian, well-known?
What are some comedy movies about serious topics?
Which series should I see after friends? Can anyone suggest some funny comedy series?
What do you think about new trends of adult comedy movies like "Mastizaade" and "Kya kool hain hum 3"?
How can I learn techniques used in comedy?
Should racial (but not racist, hateful) humour be condemned?
How did the 'and this one time at band camp' joke start?
How would you describe Aziz Ansari comedy style?
What are some examples of good clean comedies in Hollywood suitable for watching with family?
Should political satirist be held responsible for their joke/statement?
What are some best stand up comedies with no vulgar or cheap content in Hindi?
Why do people slightly mumble almost as if they are talking to themselves or repeating what they said? It happens after they tell a joke or are witty
What are some comedians I should be listening to?
What are some comedy books that make you laugh out loud that are for teens?
Which comedians are you watching now?
Why do we find look alikes funny? I mean why it isn't just curious but we find it humorous?
Are there any collections of online stand-up comedy videos with expert critique?
Is Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah the best fictional comedy show on Indian television right now?
Why did President Obama appear on the Crackle show called Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee?
Does the sense of humor differs in each country?
Do Stephen Colbert's Jokes artificial to anyone else? I feel they are dumped out by an algorithm.
What's the funniest thing that can happen to a person while he or she is wearing one of those half-naked hospital gowns?
What are some of the funniest Hindi TV comedies of all time? Past and Present?
What actually happened when Amitabh Bachchan was angry walking out of Comedy nights with Kapil Show?
Why have topics such as sex, poop, farts and violence always been funny?
As a police officer we are constantly deluged with horrible things. Asking as officers, what it the funniest thing you had happen while on duty?
What was the most Humorous election?
What are some funny Wacky Wordies answers?
What are some of the funniest foreign country experiences?
Who wrote the SNL sketch "Meet Your Second Wife"?
What are some of the funniest incidents that have occurred in history?
What are some good standup comedy on youtube?
Who wrote the "Funniest Joke in the World" Monty Python sketch? Which other sketches did they write?
What category of jokes are the funniest and what is your favorite joke in that category?
What are the fundamentals of being funny?
What are some of the funniest OS X error messages you have ever seen?
How do you find out if a comedian is alive or dead?
Will there be a 2016 Comedy Awards?
What are some funny skit ideas?
What comedian and former host of Comedy Central's The Daily Show played the 1999 edition of Jeopardy! Celebrity Invitational alongside Shawn Colvin?
Have Quorans lost their sense of humour?
What are some of the most funny Reddit roasts?
Is it ok to make jokes playing on stereotypes?
Who are some comedians known for their dark humor?
Are there any jokes which do not hurt or belittle?
Is self-deprecating humor attractive?
John Romero: What is the funniest or most stupid thing you did during your working days at id Software?
What are the funniest parts of Zoolander?
How do I change the delivery of my jokes to make them more funny?
Is it bad to joke about cutting?
Are the 'Pirates of the Caribbean' movies comedy or serious?
What's the most interesting and most humorous questions asked on Quora?
How can you explain humor/comedy based on the theory of mind from the book "On Intelligence" by Jeff Hawkins?
What is most funniest thing in friends?
What are the secrets of good stand-up comedy?
Friends (TV series): Does Dr. Ross Geller's character deserve more credit and recognition?
What are some jokes?
What are some jokes like "pull my finger"?
What is the shortest and the most hilarious joke you've ever come across?
What is the punchline to the joke "What do you call a lazy baby kangaroo"? Where did the joke come from?
What are some of the best/funny flight experience?
What are the most funniest pick up lines?
How can I marry Bo Burnham?
What are some funny questions about sex that you've ever come accross?
What was your horrible or funny teenage Internet experience?
What are some really funny, short mottos?
What are the best sources for improv comedy in India?
Why is Dante's work called a comedy?
What is the best slovak comedy movie and movie in general?
How can I make a comedy YouTube channel go viral?
What is the name of this comedy movie? Its about four men who are running away from some villain.
What are some funny youtube videos like 'If Google was a guy' or 'Badman' from College Humor?
Can you suggest some European black comedy films?
Humor: There's many forms of humor, but which is most meaningful and useful?
Question That Contains Assumptions: Why sex jokes are always funny?
Friends (TV series): What was so great about Joey and Chandler's On-Screen Bromance?
Why do audiences in comedy shows laugh unnecessarily?
How is self-deprecating humor effective?
Do you think comedy classes is the worst comedy show of all time?
In a group, why is it necessary to comment and crack a joke? Why can't one remain simple?
What is the funniest, shortest and best joke ever?
Which well-know comedian said something like, "There are two kinds of people in the world - those who can shit and those who can't."?
Is there any kind of animal that can experience humor?
How Swedish sense of humor is different from British sense of humor?
What are the recipe of jokes?
Is it ok for a white person to use the n-word in a comedic situation (please read details)?
Is it possible to be both funny and suave?
What are some good jokes that involve heaven?
What is the funniest comedy movie for analytical introverts?
How do comedians handle personal tragedies?
What were your funniest moments in startups?
What are some of the funniest slogans?
How does one differentiate between a playful joke and an insult?
Why is self-deprecation funny?
Why was Tom Hanks so much more successful than John Ritter? Both seemed to be the same caliber as comedians.
What are some ways to be subtly humorous during a regular conversation?
What did Alex Trebek think of the SNL Jeopardy skit?
Jeff Schaffer: What's the funniest outtake in The League which did not make it eventually into the show?
What are the best Norm Macdonald Live episodes, and why?
Is this a funny one? http://b.vimeocdn.com/ps/481/028/4810282_300.jpg
Is this world a comedy to those that think and a tragedy to those that feel?
What are the best sketches Conan O'Brien wrote for SNL?
What are some funny examples of screenshots gone wrong?
Why do some men write jokes demeaning women/womanhood?
Can the collapse bot spot humor or sarcasm?
What's a funny and short churro quote or joke?
Do many comedians suffer from the "I am Pagliacci" effect or is it a myth?
What are some of the best physical english comedy movies?
What funny rookie mistakes did you make as a new parent?
What are some funny Indian B-grade movie names?
Why are Saturday Night Live episodes not available in YouTube India anymore?
How will the comedy on The Colbert Report translate to The Late Show?
What are some hilarious BJP IT cell photoshops?
Why is Comedy a serious business?
What book would you recommend to someone starting joke crafting?
Sheryl Sandberg: What is the reason that you're both 'bergs?  And that another 'berg was the main 'berg in the movie, and yet another 'berg played him in SNL?
Where can I hire a good comedy writer?
I am a standup comedian but sometimes stagefright overcomes me! What should I take into consinderation to avoid more disappointments?
What's the name of the Japanese actresses on this short comedic video?
Should comedians ever apologize for offensive jokes?
Why don't the British commercial channels make traditional sitcoms anymore?
Has UK comedy gone downhill since Mr Bean?
Are there any well-known comedians and/or humorists on the autism spectrum?
Which of these videos is the funniest?
What is standup comedy?
What are some short funny play?
Why does Daniel fernandez (stand up comedian) hate comedy nights with Kapil?
Is it offensive for your boyfriend to make dirty jokes?
Do Americans still like to watch old cartoon and comedy programmes like The Three Stooges?
What is the most humorous short film you have come across recently?
What are the funniest lies your parents ever told you?
I have a pretty good sense of humor, though I use self deprecation quite a bit. How do I know if I am crossing the line with the deprecation?
Narendra Modi: Why all stand up comedy shows on youtube like (essi tessi democracy, etc...) are targeting modi?
What are some good jokes that most people around the world consider funny?
How successful can a blog on funny personal experiences be?
Which are the good comedy and biography Hollywood dubbed movies in Hindi?
What are the funniest YouTube parodies of "U Can't Touch This"?
Do you find Amy Schumer funny?
Is there a secret to humour?
What are the funniest pranks you have played on your friends?
Pranks: What practical jokes do police officers play on each other?
What is a dark humor?
What do feminists think of the show "Comedy Nights with Kapil"?
What are some funny lines you've misheard from popular songs/movies?
Who are some of the greatest nihilistic comedians?
What's that joke between an American and European that involves war?
Suggest some gripping Hollywood comedy movies which are entertaining from beginning to end?
Is it okay to laugh at dark jokes?
I appear to joke about everything eventhough that's not really the case. Are there any harmful effects or cons to this attitude of mine?
What are some good examples of directing a dark humor movie?
Why don't schools offer degrees, modules or courses in humor?
Identity: What's the first thing that comes to mind when answering the question "Who are you?"
Why are many comedy shows, when you watch them them for the first time, not funny at first?
What contemporary authors (preferably international) would you suggest? I am looking for humor, drama, content and excellent story telling.
Which comedians have been influenced by Conan O'Brien?
How can I counter attack on people who are playing jokes on me?
What are some examples of website Terms of Use documents that are written in an informal or even humorous style rather than in dry legalese?
What are the funniest Webcomics of 2015?
What is the funniest thing you have ever done in your life?
What will be the best scene/dialogue if Rahul Gandhi is taken as Hero in a comedy film?
What are some really good jokes that I can say in a company interview?
Who are the funniest writers in the UK?
What are some shows that will improve my sense of humor?
What are the funniest email mistakes you have done?
Is there a blog with a lot short and interesting and maybe funny stories to read and tell?
Do the Romanians have too much dark humor?
What are some places which have funny meaning in their language?
What are some funny things that happened to you during the medical of any defense exam?
What are some absent-mindedness funny stories?
Which according to you is the best episode of Bhabiji Ghar Par Hain?
What are some inappropriate jokes that you have come across in real life situation?
"The League" has an interesting mix of humor where part of it is "a quarter-turn away from normal" and other elements that are pretty outlandish (the character of Raffi, 70 or 80% of Taco's behavior). How difficult is it to make those styles of humor mesh with each other?
Which is the best adult comedy movie?
What kind of comedians are like Bill Hicks?
What are some foolproof jokes?
Is the song 'Civilisation' (I don't want to leave the Congo) racist/ politically incorrect?
When did 'The Onion' stop being funny?
What is Donald Glover's comedic style?
How did Seth Meyers get started in comedy?
What is it like to be in Jimmy Fallon's audience?
Why is black humor funny?
What are some of the funniest speeches?
What is distinctive about "black comedy," as, for example, "Where's Poppa?"?
How does the creative process in a television comedy work? What are the different stages / people involved?
Which Roku subscription includes Comedy Central?
What is the inspiration behind your comedy?
What one would think about people who cracks jokes on themselves while conversations?
What is the difference between a poor joke and a sensible joke?
Which of the cast members from The League is funniest in real life?
Have your teachers done something pretty funny or made some funny mistakes?
What is the difference between black and dark humor?
What is Bill Hicks' legacy in the comedy world?
Any other best comedy anime than danshi kokousei no nichijou, but not gintama?
What stood out about Tom Hanks on Bosom Buddies?
Why don't Indians appreciate sensible comedy?
What are some of the best books in the genre of comedy?
How did Bill Hicks get his start in comedy?
What are some good Spanish language websites that I can watch shows, comedies, etc to help me get more practice as a beginner/intermediate?
What person or group has a reputation of being clueless about humor?
What can be the best ways to add humor in my life?
Which comedians have inspired Jimmy Fallon?
Why was Bill Hicks known for dark comedy?
When directing comedy do you rely on your own sense of humour for the comedic timing or the actors?
What are some safe ways to insult your audience?
Do you think Barack Obama can do stand-up comedy after his term is over?
What is the electronic box they take off funny cars on the starting line?
Where can I find someone to make a funny commercial video for me?
How can I avoid awkward silences/have a sense of humor when talking face to face with someone?
Can you train yourself to be funny?
Why do people find black humour so funny?
What sort of stand up comedy entertains the youth in current times?
What is the major difference you see in theatre acts of comedy and in movies?
Who has been Biswa Kalyan Rath's inspiration for stand-up comedy?
What is the funniest "Does Jimmy Wales..." question?
How do I start off in comedy writing?
What are some hilarious that's what she said jokes from kids television?
What are some stories of ways where you have dealt with a situation with humour?
How did Adam Carolla become a comedian?
What are some cool names, not funny?
What's top 3 punch lines to a " knock knock" joke?
What is the best comedy movies on Netflix/Hulu?
What is Eddie Murphy doing now in 2015?
Where can I find good content writers for my humor posts website?
What are the most funniest/wierd contacts you have ever seen in any phone?
What are some of the funniest photos you've taken on your phone?
Do comedy (forms of comedy such as sketch, parody, spoof, insult) has become a way of expressing dissent?
What are the funniest X-iles episodes?
Why don't ice lolly sticks have jokes on them any more?
What is the reason why hide-show pattern is so funny to toddlers?
What is the best comedy TV shows of the last 20 years?
Is Saturday Night Live trying to remake their old skits?
Why do chameleons walk funny?
What was it like to see a Bill Hicks comedy show live?
Who makes documentaries about interesting topics but puts humor in explaining things?
Which are some good comedy videos to be watched on youtube?
What was the most offensive joke that you've ever heard that was so horrible it made you laugh?
What is the joke in this video?
Why was Seth Meyers cast on SNL?
How many people need to flag an answer as a joke answer to mark it as a joke answer?
Which country has the driest humor?
What are the best comedy crowdsourcing websites?
How it will be if russell peters and Ellen DeGeneres come on comedy nights with kapil?
How did LSD influence Bill Hicks' comedy?
What were Eddie Murphy's funniest skits on SNL?
What are the Funniest answers you've written or heard from others in college exams?
Which Quora users from Los Angeles are known for their humor?
Why is Portlandia so funny?
What are some funny break up texts by young kids?
What are some really funny jokes on software engineers?
What are some best jokes from "Comedy Nights with Rahul Gandhi"?
What does black sense of humor mean?
Is it morally right for a standup comedian (krushna sudesh) to make fun of someone's failed career (Rahul Roy)?
Is Ricky Gervais representative of British humor?
Why do people like absurd humor when they are young, but not so much when they are not so young?
Why is Ross so funny?
Can I read some humorous stories here?
How should I phrase a joke to make it sound funny?
What is it with all the Lord GabeN jokes?
What is the minimum number of users that have to report an answer for it to be collapsed as a joke answer?
Can comedy have sad scenes as well?
What do stand up comedians think of Portlandia?
What was Bill Hicks' comedy style? Who are some other comedians with a similar style?
How can you write black humor?
How do I promote my pilot episode and get an agent along with getting it picked up for television in Los Angeles?
Is wedding crashers the funniest movie of all time?
My question is more about approaching comedy, how can a writer keep coming up with fresh comic ideas for a comedy show over several seasons and still be funny? How do you look at writing for a comedy flick that's universal?
Why did John Oliver become a comedian?
How did Bill Hicks' life influence his comedy?
What are some funny videos on engineering?
What are the best Seth Meyers' skits on SNL?
Who are/were the best stand-up comics globally?
What are the examples of sense of humour?
How is making a TV comedy different from a comedy movie?
What do left wing people think of mainstream stand up comedy?
Does Donald Glover prefer comedy or rapping more?
What is the Best website to read Hindi jokes?
How does one find humour in any situation?
If you are invited to an interview with a comedian is it to acceptable to make jokes?
If a girl in my french class looks at me a lot and laughs whenever I tell jokes, do you think she wants the D?
What are some good linguistic jokes that are acted out with some tricks of words?
What are all the different types of pranks?
How was Bill Hicks' political comedy different than other comedians?
Which religious beliefs more funny?
Do you think comedy is necessary in superhero movie?
Why is it funny to watch people getting hurt?
What are the most hilarious clean jokes in Hindi?
What's the strangest/funniest divorce reason you have ever heard?
How do you use humor in the workplace to lower employee stress?
What are best zombie comedy movies?
What are the different generes of comedy?
If AI ever becomes sentient, can it reach a stage where it can create original humor to make a human laugh intentionally?
Who are the best comedic radio personalities?
What were the best jokes at the Oscar Awards 2013?
How do men and women socialize among themselves?
Why is the popularity of comedy nights with kapil reducing day by day?
What is it like to be in Jimmy Fallon's audience?
How did Seth Meyers get started in comedy?
What are some funny physics jokes?
What is the meaning of this joke?
Which are the most funny things you can do during your honeymoon?
What is the difference between a poor joke and a sensible joke?
What are some good comedy writing techniques?
How does Woody Allen's real personality compare to his persona as a comedian?
What is the most funny newspaper headline you have seen?
Any other best comedy anime than danshi kokousei no nichijou, but not gintama?
How is humor used in literature?
How many characters are in Xchrisone Animation joke episode 8?
What are some funny quotes by Subramaniam Swamy?
Is physical comedy written into scripts or is it improvised?
How many jokes in an average episode of Friends?
Which comedians have inspired Jimmy Fallon?
Why do you buy a humor book?
What is the comedy of shakespeare?
How can I learn to not feel bad for hurting peoples feelings as an aspiring standup comedian?
How can humor be classified?
How do I save myself from being made a joke by your friends?
What are some of the funniest pranks ever pulled?
What is the reason why the "so called" comedians on Indian TV dress up as members of the opposite sex or as eunuchs? Do they actually think comedy is just about that?
Why did Narendra Modi's jokes on Arvind Kejriwal and Nitish Kumar failed to generate fun and votes like his jokes on "Shehzada" (RG) and MMS?
What are some short punchlines and jokes that can be used in day-to-day life?
Is Biswa Rath Kalyan going to release any more of those comedy videos from his own YouTube channel?
Who has been Biswa Kalyan Rath's inspiration for stand-up comedy?
Are there any WhatsApp jokes which will be shared only among woman's group?
Which Flash amongst all of them is the funniest?
What are some hilarious that's what she said jokes from kids television?
Why does a girl joke with me when I walk into a room?
What are Zach Galifianakis's strengths as a comedian?
What are some of the most amazing/funny DPS Ranipur campus stories?
Is humor recognition a form of pragmatics?
What are some stories of ways where you have dealt with a situation with humour?
How can I be funny while hanging out with girls?
What are the best comedy shows of 2015?
What was the "Dr Monkey" Joke in S06E12 of Friends TV series?
What are some funny, but inspiring quotes?
What are the funniest X-iles episodes?
Why don't ice lolly sticks have jokes on them any more?
Why do some people enjoy dark humor so much?
Why does Comedy Central do roasts?
What are your funniest customer support stories?
What are some good comedy clubs in Boston?
Why are goats so funny?
Where is humor located in the brain?
How can humor help relationships?
Why does YouTube Poop exist? Is it just to make people laugh?
What are some comedy plays?
Who makes documentaries about interesting topics but puts humor in explaining things?
Who are the unfamous or underrated best standup comedians present in india?
Why are jokes that seem inappropriate funnier than tamer jokes?
Why was Seth Meyers cast on SNL?
What are the Funniest answers you've written or heard from others in college exams?
What is biswakalyan rath's take on comedy nights with kapil?
How can you use humor in a business setting?
What are some of the best "said no one ever" jokes?
What are some good examples of Finnish humor?
Can Kapil Sharma be the Ellen DeGeneres of india?
How do you sell jokes?
What are some PJ's (Poor Jokes) that are so bad, that they are actually good?
What are some of the deadliest pranks ever pulled?
What are some funny break up texts by young kids?
What are the Comedy and tragedy masks?
Why do some people use humor as a defense mechanism?
Why are pranks sometimes not funny?
What is the best/funniest theory regarding what Apple is going to do with its stash of cash?
How can I be as funny as Frankie Boyle?
How can humour help you at work?
What are the best jokes Frankie Boyle made?
If you were starting off as a comedy writer today, who would you send your work to?
Movies: What is your favorite comedy, and what is the funniest line (or lines from the funniest dialogue) from it?
How can I become a humour writer?
Is it possible to be a good comic without offending anyone?
Is there a Presentation of some good jokes that pertain to the different professions?
What is comedy in literature?
How many characters are in Xchrisone Animation joke episode 5?
What are other British/American comedians similar to Dylan Moran?
Has Netflix positively impacted standup comedy?
How is subversion used in comedy?
Who are some of the best Russian comedians?
What is the best jokes app?
What are some of the best comedy films about car salesmen?
Can you share some funny hindi jokes?
How do jokes work?
What is your most memorable/funny/witty/remarkable comeback?
Is wedding crashers the funniest movie of all time?
What are some funny stories with twist endings?
What are the best jokes about jokes?
Why did John Oliver become a comedian?
How many characters are in Xchrisone's animation joke in episode two?
Why is good Comedy disappearing from Indian films?
What are the best Seth Meyers' skits on SNL?
How do comedy roasts work? How did they originate?
Why is humor important in life?
Why are Indians so fond of Kapil Sharma's comedy show which is cheap, misogynistic, insulting and objectifying women ?
What are the most profound jokes ever?
Why is obama doing funny stuffs?
What was the funniest Monty Python sketch? What made it so funny?
If you are invited to an interview with a comedian is it to acceptable to make jokes?
Which are the best romantic comedy movies in Hollywood?
What are some good linguistic jokes that are acted out with some tricks of words?
I have a blog Syasi Comedy. Is it worthy enough to go on with this?
Who according to AIB are some of the best Indian comedians apart from them?
What is funny parody of xmass carole?
How can you learn Comedy?
What will be a funny thing to type in the username bar on a public computer?
Can a good sense of humor extend your life expectancy? Why?
I want to be humorous. how do I start?
In what major ways did Charlie Chaplin impact cinema?
Which are the funniest boards in English in India?
What's the strangest/funniest divorce reason you have ever heard?
Where can I publish my comedy writings?
Why don't more women do stand up comedy?
What is the "comedians' code"?
Why are comedians important to society?
When comedians die, do they want funny funerals?
Which ethnie, or community, does yours joke about?
What makes "dark" things funny? Why is there a lot of comedy about death/racism/violence/etc?
What are some short jokes that will get the most serious people cracking up?
How do comedians handle hecklers?
Who is India's best comedian?
Law enforcement: What's the funniest story you came across on the job?
What's the funniest bricking story?
Why do many comedians die young?
What's the biggest joke of the century?
Is bradely beedell a funny person?
What is best joke in India?
What methods of comedic acting are there?
What are the funniest jokes about ACP Pradyumna in CID?
Why is improvisation used in comedy more than drama?
What are the best joke about french president?
What makes a manner of speaking used by Rick and Morty's title characters so hilarious?
Would you agree that kids today don't and never will know how to do comedy the way The Golden Age of comedians did it?
What are some of the best bovine jokes?
What are the best jokes about Greek politics?
What is tash ma tash?
Why did Hugh Laurie turn from comedy to only accepting serious roles?
What are your guys thoughts on Trevor Noah?
How do I make a woman laugh?
Who are musical comedians? Are any of them really successful?
How do comedians get stand-up specials on television?
Do the presenters on the great australian bakeoff write their own jokes?
What do comedians think is the best place to perform? Why?
What is the joke behind "Ike and ike" gag on Limitless?
What is the funniest thing you've ever said at work to a customer?
How would you write artificial intelligence software that could write an original and funny joke?
Can you classify what types of humor are necessary to appreciate these life situations?
Which are best comedy novels?
Has Quora collapsing ruined Quora's humor?
Who are the best comedians in DTU?
What are some good Aladdin jokes for kids?
What is the funniest bribe you ever paid?
Why are accordions so often associated with comedy?
Do you agree with Colin Quinn that the definition of comedic integrity is "The ability to critique the hypocrisy of society, but also to be honest enough to admit that you are just as guilty as everyone else"?
Can you give me an example of American humor?
What's your favourite joke?
Does restoration comedy and anti sentimental comedy are same?
What was the most funny part of 300 spartan movie?
Joel hodgson used to do avant prop comedy -- is there a current equivalent avant ventriloquist comic?
I saw a tv program called 'hyp-gag with messmer' in comedy central channel. Is it real or staged?
What are the different types of comedians? How does each work?
What inspires comedians and their comedy?
What are some of the funniest boons?
What is the funniest thing you've ever heard a kid say?
What are some good ghost jokes for kids?
What are some funny adult stories?
Where can one get some good jokes that teach good life lessons?
What are the best stand up comedy shows to increase your sense of humor?
How does one form a comedy troupe?
What are some crazy/funny stories in an airplane or at an airport?
How accurate is this comedy video about non-uniqueness of fingerprints...?
What do comedians earn at each stage of their career?
What are the nights for?
What is funny?
What are some sexual jokes?
What are some pranks that you have pulled?
How can I have a charming and funny personality?
How do clean comedians compare to blue comedians or "mean" comedians?
What is the funniest scene in Step Brothers?
Is there any "Comedy Startup" that can help technology bring better comedy to our lives?
What is the funniest thing that ever happened to you in your lifetime?
What is Trevor Noah's comedic style?
Why some jokes incorporating Chinese political items are so funny?
Are there any interesting Delhi NCR based Youtubers in the comedy genre who are interested in collaborating with me?
Is it normal to love the comedy of both louis ck and kapil sharma?
What are some Funny anecdotes that an MC can tell?
Do comedians feel pressure to always be "on" and entertaining?
How does it feel to have visited the show Comedy nights with kapil or KBC or any film sets?
What are some good hippo jokes with the word why?
What is it like to be a comedian on tour?
How do I tone my body with diet and mild exercise?
What are examples of humor in songs by Tool?
What are some good flag jokes for kids?
Why are there more male stand up comedians than female?
What are the best hindi comedy serials?
What comedians are similar to Mitch Hedberg?
What's the best joke that you heard on Quora?
Can you explain this existentialism joke?
Where can I watch Xchrisone Animation joke episode 4?
What makes Step Brothers funny?
What was that funny comment you remember as you walked into that all men campus?
What are some funniest pics tweeted with #ModiFindsCamera?
Is American humor superficial?
How much will a sense of humor prove useful for those who will be doomed for all eternity in hell?
Who watches more comedy films at the cinema men or women?
Can you recommend some podcasts of stand-up comedy?
What are the best comedy movies in Telugu?
What do comedians do when they're not on-stage?
How do I counter racist jokes?
How would you write and/or direct a scene that is scary AND funny at the same time?
What are some hilarious Vatal Nagaraj protests?
Has Kapil Sharma's comedy become boring?
How do I get a job writing for late night tv?
Who is the best comedian in tollywood?
How was Amy Schumer's performance hosting SNL in October 2015?
What contemporary stand-up comedians are most like Sam Kinison?
Was Nick Offerman in stand-up or improv comedy before transitioning to acting?
What were Molly Shannon's Saturday Night Live characters?
What funny sign can I make for a marathon?
What are some of the funniest Justin Trudeau jokes?
Which are the All Time Top 10 Comedy Films in Hindi Cinema (Bollywood)?
What is Bill Murray's comedic style?
What are the characteristics of a good sense of humor?
Why is Much Ado about Nothing a comedy?
Why do people watch meaningless and obscene comedy shows such as ""jabardasth"" which degrade women?
What is the motivation behind rape jokes?
What are funny things that you found out on Quora?
What is Molly Shannon's comedic style?
How would you describe the style of humor of Last Week Tonight with John Oliver?
What style of comedy does Doug Stanhope use?
Will Chris Pratt do more comedy?
How can I use wit to be funny?
What is Joel McHale's comedic style?
What did Joe Cocker think of John Belushi's SNL impression of him?
Are Japanese able to appreciate self-deprecating humor?
What makes something hilarious?
Is Amy Schumer playing it safe now that she's popular?
Where can I watch Friends?
What does the director of a comedy special do?
What are some funny stories that people can share about butt-dialing?
Do jokes have archetypes?
What is Louis C.K.'s comedic style?
What are Trevor Noah's live comedy shows like?
When did the usage of "special" as a noun denoting a standup recital start and why do comedians insist on mentioning the fact that they are "taping their special" at the beginning of the show?
What are the funniest cat jokes?
Which comedians have been influenced by Johnny Carson?
What 1989 Disney science-fiction comedy was directed by Joe Johnston?
What is the funniest prank?
Why did Amy Schumer choose to be a comedian?
What are some funny interviews with sportsmen about sports?
Is Family Guy still funny?
Does Deliver Us from Evil feature any comedy?
Who are some of the most witty comedians?
What's the worst romantic comedy and why?
What is Denis Leary's funniest stand-up bit?
What are the highest and lowest forms of humour?
Which comedians are similar to Catherine Tate?
Kapil Sharma did a devdas act on comedy circus where very surprisingly he was not funny at all, was harsh on the producers, upset sumona & looked visibly drunk. Archana & Arbaaz were judging. Was he really drunk?
What are some jokes with double punchlines?
What are the common themes of Jim Jefferies comedy routine?
What are some famous jokes or memes on Airtel?
What are all the jokes/references in College Humor's "Font Fight"?
Which comedians have been influenced by The Three Stooges?
Why is Bill Burr referred to as a comedian's comedian?
Where can I find old pakistani comedy stage drama on internet which had comedians like amanullah khan, sohail ahmed, umer sharif, etc.?
How did David Spade get cast on Saturday Night Live?
How was Molly Shannon on SNL?
Is Japanese humour more similar to British or American?
What is swiss reaper? Why is it funny?
What are you supposed to do if some one tells you a silly joke and is waiting your reaction?
Do right wing comedians exist?
Why are hats so funny?
What kinds of adult comedy did Shel Silverstein do?
Why did Denis Leary start taking on serious roles and get away from stand up comedy?
In my opinion, too many questions on this platform containing allegations. What's so funny about this habit?
Which is the best comedy show in Pakistan?
What do you think of this comedy Short Film?
What's your favorite comedy show?
How can I polish my humor to be as funny as chandler bing?
How do I be humorous in a formal presentation?
What was Phil Hartman's best character on Saturday Night Live?
Who have The Three Stooges influenced?
Who is greatest living comedian in India?
Who are some comedians similar to Louis C.K.?
What is hilarious but informative?
What inspired Abbott and Costello to be funny?
What is Bill Burr's comedic style?
What are Chris Farley's best characters on Saturday Night Live?
What was Mary Tyler Moore's comedic style?
What were David Spade's best Saturday Night Live characters?
How can I get good at stand up comedy?
What comedians cite Johnny Carson as a major influence?
Why was Chris Farley fired from Saturday Night live? Did that even have anything to do with his eventual death?
What is AIB's take on comedy nights bachao?
Would you like to watch a spoof on Quora made by the viral fever team and inspired by Drishyam movie?
Were the standup clips on the "Seinfeld" show taped for the show or real takes from his standup comedy?
What is a good frog joke?
What is a good why did the ____ go to the doctor joke?
What's the funniest part in We're The Millers?
What are the funniest vines of 2015?
What is John c. Reilly's comedic style?
How did Louis C.K. learn comedy?
What are the funniest scenes n The Master of Disguise?
What are some funny Daya-Jethalal jokes?
Are french comedians funny? Like Louis CK funny?
Is Melissa McCarthy funny? How would you describe her comedic style?
Which SNL characters did Chris Farley bring with him from his stint with Second City?
What's the funniest business mistake ever?
What video should i shoot to make it funny and creative?
How did Doug Stanhope get into comedy? What was his early career like? Who influenced him?
Which is the best Utpal Dutt comedy movie?
How do fans feel about the way The Office (American TV series) concluded?
What have been the most successful performances by Louis C.K.?
What style of comedy was George Carlin best known for?
How was Amy Schumer's performance hosting SNL in October 2015?
What contemporary stand-up comedians are most like Sam Kinison?
What are some good erotic comedy movies?
What were Molly Shannon's Saturday Night Live characters?
How did Chris Rock get started in comedy?
What funny sign can I make for a marathon?
What are some of the best biology jokes?
How can I have a more relaxed and funny personality?
Why is the film "Heathers" called a dark comedy?
What are the funniest quotes from The IT Crowd?
How has Saturday Night Live changed over the years?
What pieces of artwork are based on The Divine Comedy?
Why did Chevy Chase leave Saturday Night Live?
On Saturday Night Live what is the difference between the cast before and after "and featuring…"?
Is there such a thing as Christian humor?
In what/who's stand-up comedy routine did someone say "smokers are the new black people"?
What style of comedy does Doug Stanhope use?
How can I sound funny while hosting a freshers party? Please give me some ideas, jokes, etc which I can add to entertain the masses.
How do I crack a joke?
How do you respond when some young colleagues make joke on your age?
Will Chris Pratt do more comedy?
Who is George Carlin?
What are some good stand up comedy premises?
Who are Frick and Frack?
How can I use wit to be funny?
What is Joel McHale's comedic style?
What is the history of the implemented laughing recordings in comedy series, and what was/is their purpose?
Which comedians are similar to Kevin Hart?
How did Roman Atwood get into comedy? Is he popular?
Has Marc Maron's comedy career improved since his podcast got so popular?
What are some alternatives to open mics for practicing stand up comedy?
Is Mel Brooks funny in person or are his movies just funny?
How did George Carlin get into stand up comedy?
Has anyone ever flubbed the "Live from New York!" line from SNL?
What are some wonderful yet funny definitions of people and things?
How do an non-writer write a TV Series concept note to pitch for a comedy series?
What are your top 10 comedy performances?
What is Chris Rock's comedic style?
Why is Richard Pryor considered one of the greatest stand-up comedians of all time?
What comedians did Mitch Hedberg draw inspiration for his style from?
What is your favourite comedy of tamil comedian vadivelu?
Was comedienne Gina Yashere serious when she stated that Russell Peters has stolen her material for his act?
Which crew members on Saturday Night Live have been the most influential to the show's success?
What is the most humorous pick-up or flirtation attempt you've experienced?
What are the funniest parts of the Fat Albert movie?
What 1989 Disney science-fiction comedy was directed by Joe Johnston?
How can I make a humourous response to this D'n'D joke?
How do I become a good standup comedian?
What's the funniest Seinfeld Julia Louis-Dreyfus scene?
How can I make a characters inside joke funny in writing?
Who plays the theme song in HBO's Lucky Louie?
Why did Amy Schumer choose to be a comedian?
Who made jokes? From where they come from?
What are some of the best jokes that make no sense?
How did Kapil Sharma decide to become a comedian?
How did Robin Williams get into stand up comedy?
Why is it so difficult to be funny?
Why is it a comedic act to throw a pie at someone?
What is it like to attend Seth Rogen's stand-up comedy shows?
Did stand up comedians ever go on a sit-down strike?
How cynical was George Carlin offstage?
What's the funniest pun pictures ever?
What is Ellie Kemper's comedic style?
Who are some of the most witty comedians?
Were there any racial jokes made at the expense of Buckwheat on The Little Rascals?
What's the context of anguri bhabhi and vibhuti jokes?
What are the highest and lowest forms of humour?
Which comedians are similar to Catherine Tate?
How does Chelsea Peretti practice her stand-up routine?
Kapil Sharma did a devdas act on comedy circus where very surprisingly he was not funny at all, was harsh on the producers, upset sumona & looked visibly drunk. Archana & Arbaaz were judging. Was he really drunk?
How does Comedy Central pick the celebrities to feature on their roast programs?
What was George Carlin's best 'Carlinism'?
Why is British Comedy like The IT Crowd not shown on Indian Television?
What stand-up comedians currently performing have a style similar to that of Mitch Hedberg?
How much did George Carlin's comedy change during his 40 year career?
What are the common themes of Jim Jefferies comedy routine?
Can you suggest me best English comedy movies that should be watched?
What are the primary themes in Russell Peters' comedy? What makes him so popular?
When does the humor get unpleasent?
What are comic elements in Macbeth that are already in the play that would make it a comedy?
Where can I find old pakistani comedy stage drama on internet which had comedians like amanullah khan, sohail ahmed, umer sharif, etc.?
How was Molly Shannon on SNL?
What does the quote: 'In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and has been widely regarded as a bad move.' from Douglas Adams mean?
How has Mel Brooks' comedy writing influenced today's comedy?
Why did Abby Elliott leave SNL?
What are the best jokes Mark Watney could have told in "The Martian"?
Can you trace the origins of this joke?
Why has Christopher Walken been on Saturday Night Live so many times?
What kinds of adult comedy did Shel Silverstein do?
What are Billy Connolly's strengths as a comedian?
How do I say jokes?
What plays have a similar theme to The Divine Comedy?
Can anyone be funny?
Is satire a comedic form that can only be enjoyed by the educated and open-minded?
What are some of the best Monty Python movies?
Are there any TV comedies where characters acknowledge the laugh track?
Why was Kapil Sharma awarded Indian of the Year in 2013?
Does santhanam know kapil sharma?
Why does Comedy Central not want UK viewers to see Colbert, Stewart or Noah? These videos are always country-blocked in the UK.
How can I be humorous?
What are some example of good and clean comedy for teenagers?
How does a comedian prepare for a show?
Who all loves comedy nihts with kapil?
Why did Comedy Central cancel BattleBots?
How do one reply to 'You are really funny.'?
What's it like to not get smart humor?
What inspired Abbott and Costello to be funny?
What do you think about a scene of comedy in a horror movie?
I just finished listening to the BBC's Radio comedy show Cabin Pressure and loved it. Are there similar comedy shows out there that I can listen to?
What's the funniest story about Prince Philip?
What is the funniest Key and Peele episode? Why?
Well I searched for some good IIT jokes and the least I read about was IIT Madras. Can I get some good jokes about IITM?
Is participating in offensive humor immoral?
What are some funny mishurd things examples below?
Where does Aaron Levie get that humor of his from?
Is satire a dying form of comedy?
What flavors can you add to your essay? One example is humor.
Are there any sitcoms that acknowledge the existence of sitcoms?
What is so funny about being dark-skinned?
How similar is Amy Schumer's act to Sarah Silverman's?
How did Dave Coulier transition from comedy into acting?
Was Robin Williams the smartest impromptu comedian ever?
What is unique about Seth Rogen's comedy style?
What's the best Comedy Central Roast?
How did Owen Wilson break into comedy?
Why did Comedy Central cancel a roast for Willie Nelson?
How did Jeff Daniels make the shift away from comedy and into more serious roles?
Why Nana Patekar refused to go to Comedy Nights with Kapil?
Is Miranda Sings funny? What kind of humor does she employ?
Who is Jim Norton?
What are some good ways to do a collective improvisational comedy?
How did Ricky Gervais come up with The Office?
What are some arguments against comedians?
How did Doug Stanhope get into comedy? What was his early career like? Who influenced him?
Why is Seinfeld funny, scientifically?
Is how quickly one can legitimately laugh at a joke a good measure of intelligence?
What are some funny people who you have come across on the net? Not the usual standup comedy guys or the one already famous.
What's the funniest thing Fred Armisen has ever done?
Is friendly humor just shared insults?
What's the best practical joke you've played on someone? What is the best you've played on somebody?
What are some of the helarious jokes of 2015?
What do Atheists think of surreal artists like Salvador Dali, David Lynch, James Joyce, and Andy Kaufman?
What is the comedy movie about a dating couple who finds out they may be siblings? He chases her across the country to tell her he now knows it's not true?
What are the some of best real life 'Washroom Comedy' scene you have observed?
What are some funny names for handmade specialty soaps?
What are some unusual but funny "Most likely to..." ideas?
What are Rhett and Link's funniest videos?
What is my problem if I don't find comedy movies funny?
Why did Tina Fey decide to write and perform on Saturday Night Live?
What are some of the best gags in Parks and Recreation?
Is Hera Pheri the best comedy movie bollywood produced ever?
Does watching Comedy Nights with Kapil lower your I.Q.?
Which is one of the finest jokes you have ever heard?
What does "Silicon Valley" need to do to win an Emmy for best comedy?
Why do you like the Bob Rivers Comedy Group?
Who is the worlds smartest comedian?
What are some good new sitcoms?
Which were the funniest episodes of Saved By The Bell?
What are the sources to get a good comedy material?
Which are the funniest running gags on Phineas and Ferb?
I can't tell a joke. I screw it up all the time. What are some tips to deliver a joke properly?
What is the most funny, weirdest conversation you have eavesdroped?
What makes Rhett and Link so funny?
How was Tracy Morgan inspired to go into comedy?
Why is the "terry" skit from key and peele so funny?
Why are Adult jokes/ sex jokes the funniest?
Why has this comedy team never been digitally restored?
Funny stories: What injuries have you gotten during a sexual act?
Is Comedy Nights Bachao suitable for Family viewing?
What are the most incisive American Dad jokes?
Where can I watch a stand-up comedy show in Beijing?
How did the practical joke happen?
What are Jim Gaffigan's best jokes?
Is Eddie Murphy still active?
Do professional comics find being funny as something that is rational and calculated, or emotional and spontaneous?
What were Tracy Morgan's best Saturday Night Live characters?
What are your thoughts on making jokes at own expense?
What is Bill Cosby's stand-up comedy like? What are some of his funniest bits?
What is real first name of max amini comedian?
I want to be a standup comedian. How do I learn to write jokes? How does the process look like? Where do I begin?
What are some funny name titles u have ever heard?
Why do celebrities attend roast of comedy central? They may regard it as a fresh beginning but does the public buy it ? And do their sicuations get better?
How is the material collected for Comedy Shows like Bill Maher's "New Rule"?
What is a comic mystery play that does not require an expensive set with substantial roles for at least 2 males (around 30 years old)?
What is touring like, for a comedian?
What are some funny Pokemon jokes?
What is the funniest part of Smosh: The Movie?
How did Comedy originate?
Why most comedian are generally Loners?
What are the funniest stories?
What is your most funny anecdote?
What are funny places to work to put on Facebook?
Who is the most funny comedian?
Is adam sandler Hollywood's most hated actor? What do u think of him?
How does Amy Schumer write jokes?
What is a response to 'how was your day' with a witty, uncommon, and maybe a little humorous reply?
How funny is bo burnham's new stand up?
Is it ever acceptable to make jokes on religion or race?
What are the 10 must book to read in comedy series?
What are some similar comedies to the movie Easy A?
What are the best Kanye for 2020 jokes?
Who is the best director in comedy movies Hrisikesh Mukerjee or Rohit Shetty?
In your experience, is life a comedy or a tragedy?
What world-famous comedian stars in the title role of Uncle Buck? Is it John Candy, Mike Epps or Kevin Meaney?
What catchphrase was coined by Irish/American improvisational stand-up comedian Kevin Meaney?
Do you have a funny story about breaking your arm?
Why do you find Southpark funny?
Who is your favorite white comedian?
What is the difference between funny and embarrassed?
What are some "your nose is so big" jokes?
Is it really illegal to copy jokes?
How did Second City help launch Tina Fey's career?
What is going on in this photo? Is it supposed to be funny? If so, what's the joke?
How much do roasters make from Comedy Central Roast Show? How about comedians and attendees?
What has Ricky Gervais said about the U.S. version of The Office? Did he like it?
What are some of the interesting and funny stories / incidents at Airport Immigration?
Is the visual of a man being hit in the balls universally funny, or are there some cultures out there that see no humor in that?
Are there some videos of comedians in a writing room creating a sitcom? Or maybe you can describe what's happening there?
What are some jokes about funny stories?
Is black humor ethical?
How does JACK FM come up with their jokes?
What is Aziz Ansari's best stand-up joke?
What are the funniest episodes of Johnny Bravo?
I wish to read Dante's Divine Comedy. How should I go about it?
What inspired Jeff Dunham to come up with his widely-loved dummies?
How is Amy Schumer's comedy perceived as feminist?
Do ISIS have comedy clubs?
Why is the Simpsons not funny now?
What are good jokes to send through text?
What are some stand-up comedy class in Pune, India?
Are there any online courses that teach the art of standup comedy?
What are some jokes about a Priest and a Rabbi?
Do you know of any comedic or satirical videos about medical research in the US?
What is the best comedy scene that you have seen in a movie?
What's it like to work on a comedy central roast?
What are some funny dance quotes?
What are some funny accounts of tranportation problems in Bangalore?
What can my theatre class do to explore comedy of manners practically?
What is your favourite joke about space?
What are some jokes to roast people?
What are the best jokes to cheer someone up?
Who are some of the greatest comic duos in Indian movies & TV shows?
What are some unusual but funny "Most likely to..." ideas?
What are some short real-life fun stories?
What are some good bowling jokes?
How do you define "dry humour"?
What are some funny Mexican songs?
Is Jackass Me a good website for news/comedy & entertainment?
Which show is better Comedy Nights Bachao or Comedy Nights With Kapil?
Does watching Comedy Nights with Kapil lower your I.Q.?
Why don't I ever understand jokes; if I can understand the theories from college?
What's the funniest thing you ever experienced during presidency?
Is there an objective definition of offensive comedy?
What is the most humorous way of saying you have good sense of humor?
What are some good topics for comedy skits?
What are some good US comedy series?
What is an example of a dry sense of humor?
Have any teachers given you comedy/unorthodox tests?
What are the sources to get a good comedy material?
How can I get celebrity guest appearances on my sketch comedy web series on a no to low budget?
What are funny jokes about people with big foreheads?
What are some "you're so lame" jokes?
Is there a TV serial other than Breaking Bad which is solely on Black Comedy Genre?
What are the best comedy and romance English dubbed anime?
What are some funny jokes about busy eyebrows?
What are some of the funniest/most unusual predictions on PredictionBook?
What are some good hairline jokes?
Who writes Obama's skits?
What are some of the best comedy YouTube channels?
What are the funniest white kid jokes?
What are some jokes that sound dirty but aren't?
What is the smartest joke you have known?
What are some ideas for "scenes from the hat" for an improv class?
What is the funniest thing that happened to you as a CEO?
What are some ideas for funny "Welcome Home" airport signs?
What are some "I'm so fly" jokes?
What are some funny name titles u have ever heard?
Will comedian Jimmy Carr ever tour the U.S.?
What are some funny jokes from or about DragonBall Z?
What is touring like, for a comedian?
What are some funny Pokemon jokes?
Why is America's Favourite Home Videos so funny?
What are the funniest stories?
Can AIB make us laugh without abusing?
What are funny Facebook status-tagging games?
What are funny places to work to put on Facebook?
What is the poorest joke you have ever heard?
What authors have a dry sense of humor?
What are some funny dirty Santa jokes?
What are the 10 must book to read in comedy series?
What are some funny lifeguard quotes?
What are some funny Mole Day ideas?
What are some funny gangster sayings?
What are some funny action anime?
What is meant by trolling? Why can't some people stand it?
What are some good Yahoo jokes?
What are some good, really funny jokes in French that are even funny for a beginner French student who doesn't speak the language very fluently at all?
What are some funny jokes over text?
What are some gullible jokes?
What world-famous comedian stars in the title role of Uncle Buck? Is it John Candy, Mike Epps or Kevin Meaney?
What catchphrase was coined by Irish/American improvisational stand-up comedian Kevin Meaney?
Do you have a funny story about breaking your arm?
Before Amy Schumer in Trainwreck, when was the last time a standup comedian made a movie that grossed more than $100 million at the box office?
Who is your favorite white comedian?
What is most creative way of saying I am humorous?
What is the funniest joke someone could randomly think of?
What is a funny, cool joke about science?
Is it really illegal to copy jokes?
Is it legal to impersonate a high tech celebrity in my comedy webisode?
How do I deliver seriously boring seminars with humor?
What is the name of this exceptionally tall comedian?
What are some "you so ashy" jokes?
How do I answer "make me laugh"?
Is the visual of a man being hit in the balls universally funny, or are there some cultures out there that see no humor in that?
What is the funniest joke that Riley Patterson has told in 2015?
What are some obscure, little-known, but hilarious youtube channels?
What is the funniest thing you have ever experience during presidency?
Friends (TV series): What are some of Chandler's popular jokes?
What are some of the cheesiest jokes ever?
What's the corniest joke you've ever heard?
Do ISIS have comedy clubs?
What are some funny "moral of the story" jokes?
What are some classy jokes?
What are good jokes to send through text?
Where does the Kapil Sharma get sense of humour from?
Is it strange that in the throes of crippling depression, I still find clever/funny things amusing, they can make me laugh or smile when nothing else can?
What are funny swimming jokes?
Why is female dominance subjected to stereotypes on television and movies?
Why does every Kanan Gill video ends with the word 'Fin. '?
What are some of the best comedy TV series?
What are the most funniest hairstyles ever?
What are some kitchen jokes?
What are some funny dance quotes?
What are some funny accounts of tranportation problems in Bangalore?
What are some funny quotes about monkeys?
What can my theatre class do to explore comedy of manners practically?
Most hilarious pick up lines you've ever heard?
What are some of the funniest mistranslations you've heard or read?
Which was the best episode in TVF Pitchers? In terms of comedy, dialogues and drama?
In a comedy would it funny for a teenager to accidentally stab an adult or another teenager with a knife or other sharp object?
How many of you have noticed how much Greg Poehler looks like Greg Kinnear and Ted Bundy?
Why does Kapil Sharma always make fun of physically unattractive people in his show?
Why do people find hairlip jokes funny?
What are funny songs for a drag show?
Who are some of the greatest comic duos in Indian movies & TV shows?
Is it more likely that a heterosexual girl will laugh at a boy's joke rather than a girl's joke? (same joke)
What are funny fishing songs?
Did Lenny Bruce have any mentors in the world of stand-up comedy?
Are jokes just a kind of accusation?
What is the reason for so much success of great comedian Kapil Sharma and which episodes are best to watch in Comedy Nights with Kapil?
Which is the best TV series which has comedy, crime and secret?
If Tony Hancock hadn't committed suicide, in which direction might his career have gone?
Who's your favorite stand-up comedian? What are some one-liners you want to share from their acts?
What are some literary comedy novels?
What are the best comebacks to "Your Mom" jokes?
What are some jokes about dangling participles?
What are some good bowling jokes?
What are some funny hairline jokes?
What are some clean jokes about forgivenes?
How can I learn about Iranian jokes?
Why do we find absurdity so uniquely funny?
What are some funny Hangman words?
Do the TVF guys also do stand up comedy?
In which Rajendra prasad's Telugu comedy movie the following scene is present?
What are the best jokes about sick people?
What are some the best jokes from High School Musical?
What is some feedback on our new website?
What are the best funny haikus?
What are some of the best calculator jokes?
Is there a book, video, or other media that analyzes the humor techniques of Robin Williams?
What is the most humorous way of saying you have good sense of humor?
What are the funniest quotes by Betty White?
What are some good topics for comedy skits?
What makes Lorne Michaels tick in the world of comedy, can he ever do a standup?
What are some funny ecchi animes?
Why do we laugh more when watching comedy with friends than watching comedy alone?
Do sardars tell Sardar jokes?
What are some explanations for the joke: He thinks he's really smooth, but he's only C^1?
What are some of your favorite examples of intentionally stupid (yet clever) humor?
What are some of the best dark comedy writers like Kurt Vonnegut?
What are some funny dares for kids?
How tall is the comedian Jon Richardson?
What are some funny sounding names like Mike Hunt?
What was the last dirty joke you cracked in front of your friends consisting of girls? How well was it received?
Why Indian said this joke that "they won kargal war (1999)?
What are good jokes for a fresher party?
It seems that female comedians use sex and dating as the core (or even entire) aspect of their act. If so, why?
What were the best comedy films of 2001?
What are "cool" jokes for Quorans?
Is Raajpal Yadav the best comedian?
Does humor sell?
What is the funniest thing that happened to you as a CEO?
What are the funniest places to prank call?
What is the most hilarious twist you have come across in a joke?
What are some of the best comedy French movies to watch?
Why Telugu comedian Venu Madhav is not acting these days?
How do I start a successful comedy YouTube channel?
What are some movies with dry humor?
What are the funniest movies of the last 5 years?
What are some jokes about cars?
What are some good jokes that could be performed in a fresher party as a stand up comedian?
What's the scope in writing dark comedy?
What are the best joke websites?
What is to be done in order to be a successful stand-up comedian say like, Russell Peters?
Why is a Stand-Up Comedian named So? Is it because He does it while Standing? Or Is it Because He gets a Standing Ovation on his Performance?
What is it like to be on the set of the Malayalam show 'Comedy Stars'?
What are some really funny jokes about big ears?
What are the best anatomy jokes?
What are some skit on comparison?
What is the neuroscience of comedy? What happens in your brain when someone tells a joke and you find it funny? What difference is this if you don't find it funny?
What are the best comedic monologues from published plays?
What makes graham norton so funny?
What's the funny part of the "two chips" joke?
What are funny Facebook status-tagging games?
How is Kapil Sharma's relation with other comedians like Sudesh, Krushna, Bharti?
Who are some comedians like Denis Leary?
Comedy: What can be discussed about "Make It Pop" that aired on Nickelodeon?
What are some weird or funny songs?
Why does The Three Stooges still make people laugh?
What are some funny dirty Santa jokes?
What are funny questions for freshers?
What are some funny, family-appropriate movies?
What are the functional differences between Ben Stiller and Adam Sandler's comedic styles?
What joke will make one burst into laughter for at least 30 seconds?
Is it rude to tell jokes about "No hablo Ingles" to Spanish speakers?
What are some English dubbed romantic comedy anime?
What does comedically mean?
What are some super funny grammar jokes?
What are some good Yahoo jokes?
Who can provide me with the links to download the episode of Comedy Nights with Kapil in which Atif Aslam arrived?
Who are the most famous comedians like Three Stooges or Mr. Bean?
What are some funny jokes over text?
Who is a better comedian: Russell Peters or Kanan Gill?
How can I make random boring things funny?
What does TVF/AIB or other famous stand-up comedian from India charge to perform overseas?
Where can I find a listing of the comedians on Blue Collar Radio?
What are some good jokes about sunburns?
What is so funny about Gene Masseth?
Which comedian expresses the most profound truths?
What are some really funny Chevy jokes?
Among the Indian comedy shows, which is the best comedy series till today's date?
Where can I get a funny skit to perform on Teacher's day?
What is the funniest joke someone could randomly think of?
What exactly is a sense of humor?
What are the top 10 hippo jokes?
What is the name of this exceptionally tall comedian?
What are some comedy movies the entire family can watch together?
What are some "you so ashy" jokes?
How do you compare/contrast the stand-up comedy of Steve Hughes and Bill Burr?
How did a sexist show like Comedy Nights with Kapil become so popular in India?
Why do I get immensely depressed after watching comedies?
What are some stories about funny dreams?
What are some boat ride jokes?
Who are some of the funniest Blue Collar Radio comedians?
What are some obscure, little-known, but hilarious youtube channels?
What would be a good idea or topic for a humorous speech contest at a Toastmasters club? What are some tips you have?
How do you describe a kid who made you laugh within 150 words?
How do I talk like Kapil Sharma?
Friends (TV series): What are some of Chandler's popular jokes?
What are some of the cheesiest jokes ever?
What are some good jokes about yellow teeth?
What are some good swimming jokes?
What is the funniest thing about being a K.V.ian?
What are the most awesome comedy dialogues you have ever heard in a Hindi movie?
What are funny swimming jokes?
What are some funny moments in Oldboy?
Who are the best YouTube comedians?
I can mimic people very well, but there's a problem. I cannot control my laugh while presenting it to friends. How do stand-up comedians control laughter?
What are some of the best comedy TV series?
What are the most funniest hairstyles ever?
What are some kitchen jokes?
Are we Germans genuinely unfunny or are foreigners just not able to get our jokes?
I just need to laugh a little. What are some funny posts on Quora?
Is Kapil Sharma married?
What are the best jokes on Indrani Mukherjee's murder case?
What are some good racing jokes?
What are some ideas for funny, low-budget movies?
What are some of the funniest mistranslations you've heard or read?
What are some small but funny conversations of you?
Are comedians allowed to film their performances at comedy clubs without any consequence?
Some jokes in Tamil?
Where can I find funny African/Nigerian pictures?
Any Louis C.K.-level comedians?
How good is a standup performance by Amy Schumer?
Plays: I need to present a skit on saving nature with some humor. What are some suggestions?
Is KRK (Kamaal Rashid Khan) the biggest Joker of the 20th century?
What guests have appeared on Whose Line Is It Anyway?
What does it mean to have a "wry sense of humor"?
What are some funny examples of ghetto language?
Where can I find funny videos of bunnies humping?
Is Seinfeld (with its humor, etc.) relevant today?
Where can I watch comedy nights with Kapil latest shows?
How should Amy Schumer's comedy style be described?
Why do almost all comedians end up pushing sex jokes after a while? Why can't they be creative and bring clean and subtle humor to the world?
What is a "dry" sense of humor?
What are the funniest commercials?
How can I be funny, comedic person but to not get treated like a clown with disrespect?
What are the funniest conversation stoppers you've ever heard?
How did the Sketched Out Comedy Troupe form?
How do comedians write jokes?
What are some points that I can discuss about the tone (humor) in this passage?
What are some funny skit ideas for kids?
Where can I find good jokes?
What shows are similar to Whose Line Is It Anyway?
Where can I follow improv theater classes full-time?
What is crude humor?
What are the funniest King of the Hill episodes?
What are the 10 best jokes of all time?
What are some of the best/funniest gamertags you've seen?
Is Jim Carrey funny off-camera?
Is Amy Schumer's comedy political?
What are the best Cary Grant comedies?
What were the disappointments from How I Met Your Mother's final episode?
Who's your favorite 70s SNL star?
What are some funny, but untapped, ideas for satire?
What are some of the best novels in the comedy genre?
What do you think of my comedy video/sketch?
Is Dave Chappelle bringing back Chappelle's Show?
What is the best high school comedy movie?
What are some popular Indian jokes?
What are some comedy movies available on YouTube?
What other comedy shows that are on the BBC network that is similar to "the inbetweeners" and "fresh meat" would you recommend? I just like the whole school setting
Was The Cosby Show actually funny or just familiar?
What shows use humor to make fundamental points?
What are the funniest fruit jokes?
What are some funny dubsteps?
What are some of the funniest scenes on Impractical Jokers?
What are the funniest movies or videos about trailer trash?
What are all the different games from Whose Line is It Anyway?
What are the funniest five letter animal names?
What are some of the funniest gamertags?
Can you please give reviews about cover of my book Confused Life Of a Confused Man?
What are the funniest RuneScape jokes?
How do you write jokes?
What are the best Sardarji jokes of all time?
What is best comedy serial in indian television?
What is the funniest/wittiest line you've ever heard from a NIT-J prof?
What are some funny pizza delivery stories?
If a comedy club pays for a comedian to perform, do they own the rights to their performance?
Why did Pablo Francisco stop doing comedy?
What are some of the funniest lines from the movie "White Chicks"?
What is the most common audience suggestion at an improv show?
What are some less-known facts about comedy actor Brahmanandam?
How do I offend a comedian?
Which are the best Hollywood comedy movies?
What are some startups out there working on funny ideas?
I am 14 and I want to hear a funny story. Can you make me one?
What are the most complicated and irritating jokes you've ever heard?
If I like Amy Schumer, what other current comedians should I check out?
Why can't Indian stand-up comedians crack jokes on anything apart from rich and middle class behaviour differences and Salman Khan hit-run/blackbuck jokes?
What comedy heist movies came out on early 2000?
What was the reason for why comedian Sommore was put in jail?
Are there any open mics for standup comedy in Hyderabad?
What is my funny profile?
What are some of the best dry comedies to read?
What are some of the best dry comedies to watch?
What are the funniest short jokes ever?
Why has Saturday Night Live (and its producer) continued to enjoy success despite the appalling lack of genuinely funny material in most of the episodes and sketches?
What makes a movie a dark comedy?
What is highbrow humour?
How did Trevor Noah get into comedy?
Why did KA Paul become funny to the media? Does he deserve it?
What does the "Helen Waite" joke mean?
What are the funniest quotes from "Borat"?
Who is the host of popular comedy show comedy nights with Kapil?
What best comedy romance movies 2014 - 2015 would you suggest?
How do I keep a track of stand up comedy shows and concerts in my town?
Why was Norm Macdonald fired from SNL?
What is the name of the theatre logo with comedy and tragedy masks?
Why does comedian Lewis Black shake so much?
What are the best monologues for a play audition?
Why do comedians do their own off-stage introductions but then talk about themselves in the third person while doing it?
What are some short hilarious anecdotes?
What are some tips for creating a sketch comedy show?
What are some good dodge jokes to tell at a party?
What are Chris Pontius' contributions to comedy?
What are the best instances of humor?
What are the best Norm MacDonald joke?
What are some clean and wholesome comedy movies?
Is there a novel that could be considered a modern Divine Comedy?
Is comedian Ron White dead?
What are some funny Japanese movies?
What are janking jokes?
I'm auditioning for a high school play and it is a farce. Does anyone have any 1-2 minute comedic monologues that could work?
What is the SNL Peter Pan sketch?
What are the funniest videos ever recorded?
Do we suspend our critical thinking skills when we listen to either stand-up comedians or shows such as the Daily Show?
What does "droll humor" mean?
What are some cultures or societies that make jokes about virtually everything and have no limits on what they make fun of?
What is a great warm-up exercise for improv?
What are some examples of British dry humor?
What do conservatives find humorous?
What were the funniest things about the '80s?
How and where can I audition for a stand-up comedy show in Delhi?
What is the best comedy Hindi short film of 2014?
Which comedian is Jim Jefferies talking about in the his closing story from Fully Functional?
Comedy: Why is Amy Schumer suddenly so popular?
How do I set a good career in comedy?
I didn't get selected in the Comedy Hunt Super 40. Does it mean I am not funny or what? Should I quit or stop making YouTube comedy videos?
What are some funny conversations about Grindr?
What is a comedy club like?
Where can I view the line up at Side Splitters Comedy Club in Knoxville, TN?
What is the QI (H series)?
I have written a comedy musical but now my problem is getting this to market. Can anyone with experience in doing this provide some tips?
What are some funny catch-phrases?
What's a humorous (just humorous not rude or offensive) answer that I can use whenever someone asks me when are you getting married?
What are some funny, made-up acronyms for MARINE?
There's this girl that I've been messaging. I make her laugh all the time, but suddenly she's stopped responding. It's been weeks and nothing. What just happened?
Who creates jokes?
Is Liberalpedia a joke?
How can I become funny and witty and use lots of puns?
What are some good jokes that the Army uses to make fun of Marines?
Is there a "Second City" like organization in San Francisco?
Are all the episodes of Whose Line Is It Anyway available on YouTube?
Do Seth MacFarlane's joke sometimes cross over into being anti-Semitic?
What are some comedies legally on YouTube?
What is Saturday Night Live's Rock of Love?
What are some good jokes to use against my friends at a roast?
How is Russell Peters as a person?
What are some funny stories about your hostel mess?
Why do so many comedies utilize Cooper Black for their title designs?
What is a funny story about yourself?
What are some funny jokes on Canadians?
Which comedians were popular in the 1950s?
What defines a "twisted" sense of humor?
What is your review of Akbar Birbal [Indian Comedy Series]?
How can I set up a good comedy based YouTube channel without wasting money?
Who is the Simply Marvelous comedian?
Why is stand-up comedy gaining so much popularity nowadays?
What is your take on the prevalent humour these days in which the joke maker makes a joke about someone in a way that suggests their inadequacy in one way or another?
What's the funniest airplane situation you've ever been in?
How do Saturday Night Live writers come up with sketch comedy ideas?
Who is your favorite comedian and why?
Is there anything funnier than the scene in the movie Click where he pauses time, slaps David Hoff around and then farts in his face and restarts time?
Where do you draw the line between humor and insult?
Who is your favorite underground/unknown female comedian?
Why is Johnny Lever not invited to judge any comedy show on TV?
How did clowns come about? Is clown comedy still relevant in today's society?
What are some examples of comedians who use offbeat humor?
What are some funny conversations of Grindr?
I live in Chennai. I want to start doing stand up comedy. Where and how do I start?
What is a short joke which can make anyone go R.O.F.L?
What is the funniest drunken action you've ever seen or been a part of, at, or in the aftermath of, a music festival?
What are some of the best jokes by Joan Rivers?
What is the best comedy Tamil short film of 2014?
Is there a comedy movie or TV show that is less hated?
What is it like to be considered a comedian/joker in your friends group?
What was Paul Brittain's best role on SNL?
What is one circumstance where you regretted telling a joke/being humorous?
What are some of the funniest school stories?
Why would anyone make a documentary about an obscure comedian (Tig Notaro) who lied about having cancer. Why didn't "Tig" get distribution after all the years of hype and Sundance pushes?
What is the best comedy Malayalam short film of 2014?
Why is there no place for "humour" in fashion?
How funny is the show Workaholics?
What is the social topography of contemporary comedians?
How could I create a successful animated comedy for adults like The Simpsons?
What is the funniest Xbox bio that you have seen?
Why are comedy specials edited to show footage of the audience laughing?
When does a child make you laugh?
Why is episode 115 of comedy nights with kapil missing from Internet?
Do you find this conversation funny?
When did "Whose Line Is It Anyway" first air? Who was the host and who were the guests?
How can we, as a group of 8, perform a skit giving tribute to sir Kalam?
Where can I show and/or sell my comedy stories and scripts online?
Is Russell Peters on Quora?
What are the best Jimmy Carson mind reader bits from the Tonight Show?
What is the show Whose Line is it Anyway supposed to be about?
What was the inspiration behind the Soup Nazi?
What are some good jokes that Marines use to make fun of the Army?
What color is gross?
Why is a lot of new comedy on TV dramedy instead of than sitcom?
Why do so many publications keep doing shady things on behalf of the comedian Nick Kroll?
What's your definition of American humor?
What are the best corny jokes about love?
What ate the funniest parables?
What TV series has a combination of drama, comedy, sex, nudity and action?
What is the best Kannada comedy short film of 2014?
Why is Don Rickles so funny?
What are some funny prank call topics?
What are some funny jokes about construction?
What makes a person funny?
What are some funny examples of similes?
How can I come up with funny jokes that don't involve other people?
What are some forehead jokes?
What are some great jokes about cops and donuts?
What are some of the best Brazilian jokes?
Why do my coworkers take me for a joke?
When did Paul Brittain join SNL?
Why is it wrong to joke about suffering?
How can I get more comedy content for my YouTube channel?
Why are talk show hosts almost always comedians?
What are the best Mama so fat jokes?
Will we ever run out of jokes?
What are some funny talent show ideas?
What are the best jokes about fruit?
Is it morally okay to crack Holocaust jokes?
What are some jokes about dirt bikes?
What do stand up comedians do when they run out of jokes?
Why are jokes made on The Voice?
How is masculinity depicted in the 1950s comedy series?
What are some websites that contain a huge collection of jokes?
What are the best comedy TV channels?
Which is a more influential pipeline for young comedic actors to become Hollywood stars: Comedy Central or Saturday Night Live?
What are some of the best jokes on teenagers and teenage relationships?
What are some good jokes on Gujarati breakfast/food?
What are funny excuses for being late to school?
What comedians are famous for their dark sense of humor?
What is an easy and fail proof verbal way to make someone laugh?
What are some funny stories about buying a first bra?
What are some funny jokes about texting?
What are some jokes for 40th birthdays?
What are some of the jokes (or types of jokes) that are still unacceptable in present India but are acceptable outside?
What host of the Comedy Central program @midnight is the son of professional bowling legend Billy Hardwick?
What are funny League of Nations political cartoons?
Who wrote the politically-conscious stage comedy 7 Blow Jobs?
What are the funniest corgi videos?
Who do you think is/was the funniest comedian, ever?
How popular is Comedy Nights with Kapil in South India?
What are some funny put-downs?
If I want to write stand-up comedy, what book(s) should I read?
Who is the funniest character ever created by TVF?
What are the funniest Tweets?
What should I do to laugh at my humor?
What are some funny jokes about accountants?
What are some funny palindromes?
Is the Vicar of Dibley well known in other countries?
What are the best Ravi Shastri jokes?
What are some funny pics?
What is the best stand up comedy for kids?
What are funny furry jokes?
Are the Sardar Ji jokes a passé now?
When I say AIB jokes are not funny at all why does a dumbo comes and say "You didn't get the jokes". Really? I need brains to understand jokes on idiotic stereotypes or Salman hit-run case or Modi jokes?
Where can I read reviews of Side Splitters Comedy Club in Knoxville, TN?
How should I go about finding and booking tickets to a comedy show in NYC?
What are some made up funny acronyms?
What are some websites with clean, funny jokes with pictures--especially of animals?
What are jokes?
How do standup comedians manage to come up with original jokes on their own?
What is a long, funny joke?
Which comedian is funny in movies/TV shows, but is horrible at stand-up?
What are some funny jokes to text someone?
What are some interesting relations between the type of joke (or a humorous story/sentence) you tell and the type of laugh you provoke?
What are some good jokes to tell during a graduation speech?
Whom would you rate higher - Kapil Sharma or Bharti Singh?
How do you joke around with your coworkers?
What types of comedy games/scenarios do they teach in a comedy school like Second City?
What are the funniest moments from Whose Line is it Anyway?
What are some comedy topics for college plays?
What is the funniest Putin joke you've ever heard?
What are some humorous safety topics?
Is it possible to check if a joke is copyrighted?
What are some funny jokes about Minecraft?
Do Australians have a different sense of humor?
How do you write stand up comedy?
Why are anti jokes funny?
What are some funny stick figure videos?
What are some jokes for kids?
What are some funny quotes about moving?
Inspired from the AIB, there are lots of stand-up comedy shows emerging on YouTube, isn't there an urgent need to regulate such channels?
Is Badi Door Se Aaye Hai the best Indian comedy show?
How can I be more friendly and funny?
What happened to Kapil Sharma?
What are the funniest Mexican word of the day jokes?
What are some after-sex jokes to make your partner laugh?
I didn't understand this binary code joke. How can it be explained?
What would you add and take out in the movie Norbit to make it more funny?
How do comedians get their own shows on Comedy Central?
What's the cheesiest joke you know?
What are some fun, non-English comedy TV series?
What are some harsh jokes?
What is the funniest wake-up text?
How does someone with some comedic talent start writing structured comedy?
Are comedians more prone to depression?
What is the Ragman Skit about?
How did Kapil Sharma become so popular while many comedians are not able to do so?
What is requirement engineering?
Where can I find comedy snippets from Hindi movies?
Who is a good Vietnamese comedian?
What are some examples of slapstick comedy?
Who is the best stand up comedian in India, Rahul Gandhi or Kapil Sharma, and why?
Which are India's top modern comedy groups?
What are some of the most overused and lame jokes?
How does this 17 year old young guy make super comedy?
What are some new really funny comedy series?
What is the title of a podcast presided over by comedian and Idiotest host Ben Gleib?
What are the most unfunny comedy films?
What are the stupidest jokes in comedy movies?
What are the most humorous network names?
What was considered humor a hundred years ago?
Does writing scripted comedy affect your real-life wit in any way?
What is the complete discography of Bo Burnham?
What are the top-rated jokes of all time?
What are some hilarious freelancer/freelancing jokes?
Why do people make jokes about braces?
What are the best adult jokes that are child-friendly?
What are some hilarious jokes?
What are some interesting comedy stories which can make everyone laugh?
What are some funny joke texts?
What are some funny high school/teenage comedies or romantic movies/TV shows?
What are some of the funniest Air Force jokes?
What is the funniest rumor you have heard about anything?
Is it weird that I feel Silicon Valley is a far better comedy than Arrested Development?
What are some funny rogue names?
Out of all of the relationships, why are most of the jokes made over the husband-wife relation?
What are some funny coffee pictures?
What are some ideas for doing a humour video?
What are some of the funniest SMS you have ever received?
What are some funny running cadences?
I suffer from depression with persistent suicidal thoughts. What are some good jokes to cheer me up?
Why can female comedians, such as Lisa Lampanelli and Amy Schumer, get away with racist material much more easily than male comedians?
What's the joke behind the Colonel Angus sketch on SNL?
What are some funny stories of bikini malfunctions at water parks?
What is the funniest joke about a physicist?
Is there a correlation between comic timing and intelligence?
How do I write jokes for Twitter?
What are some great nerdy limericks?
What are Bo Burnham's comedic influences?
What are some funny login names?
What is the difference between comedy and farce?
Where can I find a list of black comedy movies?
What are the best Bo Burnham stand up routines?
What are some clean jokes about work?
What are the best "Your momma is so ugly" jokes?
What are the funniest pictures of Gonzo from The Muppets?
What are some good romantic and action comedy movies?
How should we handle office jokes if one is not good in humor?
What's a good response to people who claim Amy Schumer is a racist?
What are some good jokes related to employees and employers?
What are some stand-up comedians from whom I can learn awesome come backs?
What has been a good joke in 2015, pertaining to Indian politics?
What are the best dumb jokes written by kids?
Where can I find lectures about Dante's Divine Comedy?
What are funny Russian phrases?
What are the funniest brunette jokes?
What are some of the funniest guild names you've heard?
What are some good comedy/sitcom television shows which are not western/English?
What are some nice jokes?
What does a comedy drama movie script sell for?
What's your own original humorous quote (or motto) about life?
What are the best "a horse walks into a bar" jokes?
What is your best programmer joke?
What kind of jokes do real ninjas find funny?
Tamil Cinema (Kollywood): Who do you think is the best Tamil film comedian?
What does Biswapati Sarkar think of AIB and other comedian's new initiative comedy hunt?
What are some awesome ideas for a 30-second comedy piece and/or drama pieces?
Why isn't TVF part of the Comedy Hunt on YouTube when all the other major Indian channels are?
What was Tim Conway's Elephant skit?
What are some jokes so stupid that they're clever?
Who is familiar with the Richard Pryor routine were he talks (acts out) about a divorce?
What are the best stand-up comedy specials on Netflix?
Which English movie dialogue made you laugh uncontrollably?
How do I start an improv comedy club?
What are the best jokes about skinny people?
Where can I find short jokes of the day?
Any Japanese/Korean, comedy/romantic/school movies?
Where can I find some nice Hindi non-veg jokes?
What works of art have comedic/humorous elements in them?
What is the most complicated joke or one-liner that you have ever heard?
How can I make a humorous introduction?
Is Jimmy Kimmel's comedy related to his parking attendant Guillermo fundamentally racist?
What are some simple funny jokes?
What are some recommend light hearted comedy English series that I can watch to relax myself?
What are some jokes about intelligence?
How can we as Indians get rid of the embarrassment that is Comedy Nights with Kapil?
What are some of the funniest things to say to Galaxy S Voice on your Android phone?
What are some funny, clean short jokes?
What is the best outsourcing joke, anecdote, or nugget of wisdom you've ever heard?
What are the funniest subtitles of a YouTube video?
What are some funny stories featuring ways people have behaved stupidly?
How do I download the latest episodes of Comedy Night with Kapil?
How can you be funny while texting?
Which sources can I use to get a funny joke or incident everyday?
Behavioral Psychology: Is all humor derogatory?
Do you think the internet evolves us away from bad behaviour quicker than it used to through avenues such as comedy?
What are funny "yo mama" jokes from 2013?
Do you think the "orange head joke" is funny?
Why are two medieval monks jokes funny?
What are the funniest things McDonalds employees have seen in their career?
What are some of the funniest things you've seen?
What comedies might I like if I appreciate Dan Harmon's "Community"?
Will Dozoff.com be the next top humor site of India? ...
What are some funny excuses?
What are Boudreaux & Thibodeaux Jokes?
Many Americans—myself included—are fans of British humor. I've never been able to tell if the converse is the case. Is there American humor (TV shows, etc.) that has a sizable following in Britain? If so, what?
What type of humor do Grumpy Cat's memes fall in?
What are some white cracker jokes?
What are some good comedies?
What are some jokes about fat ladies?
Were the comedian voice actors play roles similar to their comedy acts?
What are some of the funniest attorney/courtroom jokes?
What are the best Helen Keller jokes?
Which Facebook page have good jokes?
What are the different kinds of humour, if such classification exists?
What is the funniest/wittiest line you've ever heard from an IIT Ropar professor?
What are some of the best jokes in observational comedy?
What are some good jokes to tell at parties?
What are some good examples of 'educating' jokes?
Why do classic Family Guy episodes have censored or changed some jokes?
What are some good jokes about denial?
Where can I watch Whose Line Is It Anyway?
What are some funny responses to where are you?
Do Tanmay Bhat's jokes make any sense?
What are some dirty jokes to tell at parties?
Productivity: What are some funny stories about time management?
How do I tell a joke with funny visuals?
What are some funny pranks to do at sleepovers?
Why are most comedians liberal?
What are Gabriel Iglesias' Five Levels of Fat?
What is French humor?
In what ways does Tina Fey's book Bossy Pants use humor to talk about her personal struggles?
What are some stupid jokes that make you laugh?
How do professional comedians stop themselves from cracking up at their own jokes when performing?
Which are the best family comedy movies to watch?
What are some good Pathan jokes?
Who are the richest comedians in the world?
How can I make my YouTube videos funny?
I'm 17-years-old. I've been writing comedy for a few years and I've been on stage twice. Do older performers have any advice for a young entertainer?
What are the best joke books with clean humor?
What are some funny house pranks?
What are the funniest pictures of root cellars?
What are the funniest two line jokes?
What are some of the funniest tweets on #VishvaPappuDivas?
How do I introduce myself with a sense of humor?
What are some hilarious jokes about husbands and wives?
What are some of the best tree jokes?
Is Sacha Baron Cohen respected in Hollywood?
Do famous comedians generally tell lots of jokes in their high school classes?
What are some funny, dirty knock knock jokes?
Where can I find funny prank videos?
What are some good examples of gallows humor?
What is the worst or funniest Hallmark card idea you can come up with? What category?
What are some cool jokes?
Are there any Telugu black/dark comedy movies?
What are the funniest videos on Reddit?
What is Humor? How did it develop and why?
Does Kapil Sharma pay celebrities to come to his show?
What other series like Castle includes romance, thriller and comedy?
What is the nickname of the improvisational comedian and professional magician Justin Willman?
How does one get into the business of comedy going from open mics to paid gigs?
Which is worse in fiction, sexual harassment or black comedy rape?
What are some funny campaign ideas for student council?
What are some funny campfire stories
Who is your favorite comedian, Kapil Sharma or Suneel Grover?
What are some funny acts for a talent show?
What is your funny experience?
What is your favourite offensive joke?
What are some funny stories of hostlers?
What is the funniest furniture?
Whose voice is it for Actor Calling Actor?
What should I do when offended by an office joke?
Is Tucker Max funny?
What is the worst joke ever that makes the one telling it feel like the stupidest person ever?
Who wrote the Red Ships of Spain skit on SNL?
What are some jokes/memes that only Muslims will understand?
What is warped sense of humour?
Who according to you is like the father of modern stand-up comedy in India?
What's the story behind the Chevy Chase and Richard Pryor "Word Association" skit from Saturday Night Live?
Why is Gilbert Gottfried considered a "comic's comic?"
How much is it to have a celebrity comedian perform at a show?
How do you have a humorous mind?
What's the best stand up comedy script you can come up with?
Is there a line when it comes to edgy comedy?
What are some funny innocent jokes?
What are some good one-liner jokes for children?
How do I know which are the best comedy inspirational movies?
Can comedy be translated?
What does the joke 'knock knock who’s there riley riley who’s riley bed' mean?
What would be a funny incident in your life?
What is the most inappropriate joke of all time?
What are some of the most involuntarily hilarious statements you have ever heard or made?
Why hasn't Aamir Khan been on Comedy Nights with Kapil?
Are there less female comics and comedy writers because they're typically kinder?
Who are the surviving members of Monty Python?
What is something that a child did that made you laugh?
Are there any drama films that feature someone farting?
Should comedians run America?
What are some funny anti-Apple jokes?
How can we get Louis C.K. to do a whole wack load more of his "well maybe?" comedy?
What is the funniest food?
Is STAND-UP comedy the worst form of humor as calling out names and playing on the stereotypes is cheap, In fact the practice should be to do away with stereotypes?
What are some sophisticated/articulate comedians?
What do you do when someone is in need?
What are some good stories of numpties doing silly things?
Who are some stand-up comedians that fans of Bill Burr would also like?
In Comedy Nights with Kapil are the audience questions scripted?
Is it true that the funniest people (actors, stand-ups, creatives and writers) are very sad inside?
What is funny about Melissa McCarthy's jokes?
Do you know any funny clan tags?
What are some funny talent show ideas for adults?
What are some good jokes about peeing in your pants?
What is Abhish Mathew's (Indian Comedian) educational qualifications? Which school/college did he go to?
What are some good Navy vs. Army jokes?
How is the comedy scene in St. Petersburg?
What are most hilarious videos of 2015?
What are the titles of Joe Rogan's stand up comedy specials?
What are some awful jokes that are still funny?
Why didn't Rohit Shetty repeat Vishal-Shekhar (music director) in the Golmaal series?
What other languages have knock knock jokes?
What are some Malayalam dark comedy movies other than Ee Adutha Kaalathu?
How does a stand up comedian write his sketch?
What is a funny description of Finding Nemo?
What is the funniest machine?
What are some jokes about faces?
Who created the spoof 'Dhongress'?
What comedic game show was hosted by Ward Wilson on radio and Wink Martindale on television that featured comedian "Senator" Ford?
What sitcom uses Friends' type of humor?
Where can I find a list of "Whose Line Is It Anyway" episodes?
Why isn't comedy popular anymore?
What are some Tamil dark comedy movies other than Soodhu Kavvum, Sathuranga Vettai, Moodar Koodam, Naduvula Konjam Pakkatha Kaanom, and Neram?
What are the funniest Jewish stereotype jokes?
Why are there so many jokes about Cross, the famous Silk-Board junction at Bangalore?
What sitcom has the kind of humor that Friends did?
Who are some classic English-language comedians like Dave Allen?
Why are non-sequiturs funny?
What are some funny ATV videos?
Do Billy Crystal and Josh Gadd get along well in real life?
If I am not funny anymore, should I be quiet?
What are some good comedians like Gabriel Iglesias?
What is so funny about the phrase "do a barrell roll"?
What's the difference between comedy of humor and comedy of manner?
What is the funniest police blotter routinely published online?
What are some of the best jokes under 140 characters?
Which are some funny messages on admin in WhatsApp groups?
What are some jokes that starts with someone walking into a bar?
What are some of the best comedy manga?
What was the controversy over the Hitler Sketch on Whose Line Is It Anyway?
Is this video below funny?
What are some funny divorce letters?
Who wrote the first joke?
Why did some people give the example of Comedy Central Roasts to defend AIB during the roast controversy?
Is there a hilarious joke that makes you laugh until your belly aches and at the same time teaches you a good life lesson?
What are some books that make readers laugh out loud?
What is the wittiest sitcom you've watched?
What is Navjot Singh Siddhu doing on Comedy Nights with Kapil?
Is there an SMS joke that has really tickled your funny bone?
What are some hilariously bad jokes?
What kind of comedy do you enjoy the most?
What is a list of the best comedy and romance English movies without science fiction?
What are some ideas for funny party themes?
What's the best way to start doing stand up comedy in Seattle?
What are the best tips to become a professional comedian?
What are some of the funniest tweets on #VishvaPappuDivas?
How can I make my own studio for shooting funny videos?
At what age are children effective at using deadpan?
How do I introduce myself with a sense of humor?
Did Jim Carrey ever audition for SNL?
Are the Swedish comedic duo called Ylvis funnier than the NZ comedic duo Flight of Concords? And if they were to collaborate what should they be called?
What are some of the best tree jokes?
Do famous comedians generally tell lots of jokes in their high school classes?
What jokes are common in Mexico?
Which is the funniest troll ever?
How do you become a comedy writer?
Is John Oliver the funniest man alive today?
What are some funny text screenshots?
What are worst ever comedy action scenes in movies?
How can humor be measured?
Does it mean that you have a higher or a lesser sense of humor if you see many jokes lame?
Movie Recommendations: What are the best PG-rated comedies?
Should I read Dante's Divine Comedy?
When a slice of a stand-up comedy bit is converted to an opinionated, stand alone, blog entry, does an angered response's emotional nature reflect positively on the comedic potential of the general topic and approach?
What are some great jokes?
Which podcast gives you the best laugh?
Comedy: What is a skit? Does a skit necessarily need to be humorous?
What is the most hilarious thing you have done unwittingly?
In your opinion, what simply takes the cake as the best meme on the Internet?
What are the weirdest and funniest videos ever?
What's the funniest thing you've ever read?
How does humour work?
Who co-hosted Comedy Central's 1997-2002 original comedy quiz show titled Win Ben Stein's Money?
What should I do when offended by an office joke?
Why has the craze for Comedy Nights with Kapil reduced?
What are some of the funniest mini video clips / images / advertisements with a serious message?
What are some jokes/memes that only Muslims will understand?
What is warped sense of humour?
Why are Indian stand up comedians being humiliated so much by media and government? Does it indicate that Indians are reserved and cannot take the humour or criticism positively?
What is the funniest thing people with spectacles have encountered?
How did "your mama's so fat" jokes start?
Why do almost all stand-up comedy specials start the intro credits with the comic walking through the theatre?
How much do the aspiring stand up comedians get for performing at the Canvas Laugh Factory, Bangalore?
Why does Kapil Sharma (or his topic) have more people following him than Balaji Vishwanathan?
What is a short story with only one picture that will make me laugh or that will cheer me up?
How much is it to have a celebrity comedian perform at a show?
What are the lamest jokes you've heard?
Is there a line when it comes to edgy comedy?
What are some of the funniest pictures ever taken?
Who can tell me some short stories which can make anyone laugh?
How do you seem funny and interesting to girls?
Are there less female comics and comedy writers because they're typically kinder?
What is the funniest joke you have ever heard about eye doctors?
What is a good kite joke?
What happened to comedy series (sitcom/serials/films in India)? Why are they so lame and utterly forced?
What is Biswapati Sarkar's opinion about comedy classes?
Where can I find some funny videos from which I can make a funny skit?
What are the best comedy clubs in Chicago?
How is Playboy a tragicomedy?
What are some cool jazz tunes for presentation and background of a stand up comedy show?
Humor is hot, how can I get it?
What are the funniest things ever searched by Indians on Google?
How do his Boston roots influence Joe Rogan's stand-up?
When did James Franco become a comedian?
Do you know any funny clan tags?
What is the best website to find funny Indian memes and pictures?
Are American comedy series like Friends and HIMYM a reflection of their society?
What are some good Tom and Jerry jokes?
What are some good business world jokes? What are the key lessons in them?
What are the titles of Joe Rogan's stand up comedy specials?
What are some awful jokes that are still funny?
What joke can I use for the pun "an elephat"?
What are some funny Starbucks orders?
What are some of the best 'Bong jokes'?
What do you consider cheap comedy?
As a dutch young comedian, how do you get into writing a dialogue, scenario and a story for videogames?
How hard is it to come up with good jokes?
What is the most hilarious joke you know of that isn't offensive at all?
What are the most disgusting jokes of all time?
Who created the spoof 'Dhongress'?
Do comedians test their jokes with peers before presenting to an audience?
Is the absence of humor a cognitive deficit (a neurological abnormality) or is it at least correlated with one of them?
Where is Asma Mohammad Rafi (comedian) from?
Has Comedy Nights with Kapil lost its TRP due to the sudden rise of Rahul Gandhi?
Who is a better actor/comedian: Jagathy Sreekumar or Brahmanandam?
What happens when a person with a very high IQ devotes his life to comedy?
Why are there so many jokes about Cross, the famous Silk-Board junction at Bangalore?
Who is a better comedian: Akshay Kumar or Jim Carrey?
Do you like Rowan Atkinson?
Which Indian comedian was a student of Harold Laski, the famous political philosopher?
What are some good comedians like Gabriel Iglesias?
Are natural geniuses funny in their own mind? Is everything a joke to them?
Which are some funny messages on admin in WhatsApp groups?
Is the Flipkart advertisement campaign #AchhaKiya an inside joke on the customers?
What are some of the best comedy manga?
What are some funny divorce letters?
Who wrote the first joke?
Why is comedian George Carlin almost unknown in the UK?
What's the funniest thing (or joke) you've seen about ISIS?
How can I convince my girlfriend of 8 years to go for an intercaste marriage?
What are some of the funniest conversations between a couple?
When caring for the elderly, how important is humor and the arts?
How do I perform a Stand-Up act if you are from a place with no Open Mics?
Can I have a comedy chat between two friends?
What is the difference between a comic and a comedian?
What are the best tips to become a professional comedian?
Who are the best comedians of the 2010s?
Who is the funniest person in the world at the moment? Is it Ricky Gervais, Sasha Baron Cohen or someone else?
What is a funny story which happened between you & a foreigner?
Which are the best comedy serials on present English channels?
What are some of the best comedy short stories?
What are some riddles and jokes?
What are the funniest fighting scenes while travelling in a train?
What are some funny gifs of people laughing?
Where's the club in Houston where you can learn to do comedy?
How do you become a comedy writer?
What picture will actually make me laugh out loud?
What's the most touching moment in a comedy?
What is "2 June ki roti" joke in India?
How is a joke/kidding created?
How can humor be measured?
What are some funny Mexican Jokes?
Movie Recommendations: What are the best PG-rated comedies?
How much is Canvas Laugh Club paying for new stand up talents?
Just after the send off in an Indian wedding, what's the funniest thing a man can say to cheer his new wife?
What comedy TV sitcom/show should I watch?
Why is Vir Das the most popular despite there being better stand up comedians in India?
Which podcast gives you the best laugh?
In your opinion, what simply takes the cake as the best meme on the Internet?
What are (list) few 2 liner jokes?
What are the funniest yo mama so fat jokes?
What are the weirdest and funniest videos ever?
What is the formula to create a good joke?
How does humour work?
Who co-hosted Comedy Central's 1997-2002 original comedy quiz show titled Win Ben Stein's Money?
Are all the Indian reality show scripted, especially Comedy Nights with Kapil?
Where can I watch Comedy Nights with Kapil Sunny Leone and Jay Bhanushali?
How does Biswapati Sarkar and other IITians manage to take the bold step of doing comedy after going to IIT?
What are some funny replies when someone says 'how are you'?
Which is the best comedy/satirical book by Indian author?
Which is the all time best "comedy scene" of Bollywood?
Why does Kapil Sharma (or his topic) have more people following him than Balaji Vishwanathan?
What are the best Lithuanian jokes?
How can I master humor?
What work in comedy inspired David Brent?
What are some amazing jokes?
What are some funny jokes in Arabic?
What is the most funniest thing that you've heard a lecturer say?
My mom thinks I'm funny. How do I build a comedic following online, specifically on Twitter?
Who can tell me some short stories which can make anyone laugh?
How do you seem funny and interesting to girls?
What are some good jokes Saudis tell each other?
Which comedian has short witty remarks that you need to think about in order to get?
What are some good jokes Swedes tell each other?
How do I perform a Stand-Up act if you are from a place with no Open Mics?
What is the funniest thing about your family?
What are some scientific jokes?
"Internal source of humor itself is not joy but sorrow; there is no humor in heaven..." How do I understand this Mark Twain quote?
What is some funny advice I can give to a groom as a joke?
Why are there so many comedians on Quora?
Is it true that Kapil Sharma had been rejected in the audition round of The Great Indian Laughter Challenge?
What are the best "Maggi" memes, puns, and jokes you have encountered recently?
Why does Russell Peters always makes fun of Indians?
How can I get tickets for British comedy/panel shows such as 8 Out of 10 Cats?
What are some of the best jokes about salaries and bosses?
What are some some short and appropriate joke?
What are some of the best atheism jokes/comics?
What is the best website to find funny Indian memes and pictures?
What are some funny quotes for a restaurant?
What are some good Tom and Jerry jokes?
Which are the most famous comedy pages on Facebook?
What is the type of humor that is the most appreciated? What are some examples?
Who was the host of Clash, the quick-witted comedy game show airing in 1990 on Comedy Central's predecessor cable television channel HA! The TV Comedy Network?
How much money do members of the AIB earn individually?
What are the best adult jokes you have heard without much vulgarity?
Are Louis C.K. harassment allegations on female comedians, true?
What are some examples of good call-to-actions for our comedy web series Lunch Tales?
Why are ancient comedies classified as 'art' but modern comedians are totally ignored as art?
How do I incorporate jokes into my writing fluently and effectively?
What is the best tech joke you've ever heard? 
Is Kapil Sharma the Chandler Bing of India?
What are some funny 'thank you' speeches?
What content do you think is most watched on YouTube- music, comedy or food?
What determines a person's sense of humor?
What are the best humorous non-veg jokes?
If I want to study the comedy style of Pride and Prejudice, which books can I use as  reference?
What does Quora have against humor?
What are some of the best 'Bong jokes'?
What is the difference between skit and spoof?
Do comedians test their jokes with peers before presenting to an audience?
Who are the funniest celebrities on Twiter?
What are the best jokes with a real "moral of the story"?
What are some funny text tones?
How can I watch another comedy show after Community? Is there any comedy show that is as genius as Community?
What are the funniest Laffy Taffy jokes?
Why is pessimistic humor funny?
What are the best short-lived sitcoms?
What short jokes are widely known in Mexico?
What does Balaji Viswanathan think about Russell Peters?
Have you heard of two sensational comedy plays happening in Bangalore in June?
What is a good joke in Dutch?
Can I have the best comedy chat between two friends?
Who is a better comedian: Akshay Kumar or Jim Carrey?
Comedy: What's the funniest / lamest reason you can think of or have used to quit an annoying WhatsApp group?
What are some good jokes, Nigerians tell each other?
Twain is most likely using humor to make a statement about the impressionablility of?
What is your favorite practical joke?
Are natural geniuses funny in their own mind? Is everything a joke to them?
Why doesn't the Oscars acknowledge comedians? Isn't it unfair?
Can I use a comedian's line as a podcast intro and not get into any legal troubles?
Was Richard Pryor friends with James Brown?
What is a knock-knock joke?
If Neil deGrasseTyson and Russell Peters met, what would their conversations be about?
What are the best stand up comedy bits of the last 25 years?
Tell me or not but you will smile once. What is your best joke ever?
Who are Bo Burnham's comedy heroes?
What are some hilarious text tones?
How would you classify Hamada Masatoshi's humor?
What are some of the best picture jokes you have seen?
When caring for the elderly, how important is humor and the arts?
Like 'police' and 'press', what happens if a 'software engineer' mentions his profession on the number plate of a bike?
What are the best "scenes from a hat" in Whose Line?
Where can I get newest jokes?
What are the best comedy rock/metal bands?
Can I have a comedy chat between two friends?
What type of comedy will we see more of in the future?
Is Gover Norquist a good comedian?
What does finding strength in humor mean?
When did Laffy Taffy start putting jokes on their wrappers?
What are some funny anime demotivational posters?
Why do the current Indian comedy serials have pathetic jokes and a comic story?
Which feature film is the described scene from?
What are some of the most hilarious incidents you have seen in India?
What are the views of Indian comedians on Louis C.K's style of comedy?
What are some hilarious father-son talks?
Why has Comedy Central stopped showing the Daily Show in the UK?
What is one good thing and one bad thing about "Comedy Nights with Kapil"?
What is a black humorous e-card?
What are the hilarious bulletin board/E-mail coversations you know?
Why isn't Zoolander appreciated as Ben Stiller's funniest movie?
Which is the funniest picture you've ever come across on the web?
What are reviews of Zach Galifianakis' "Between Two Ferns" episode with Ben Stiller?
What are the best funny faces?
What movies are funnier when you watch them when you are older?
Where can I find the full video of AIB roast?
Are there any techniques for writing jokes and doing stand-up comedy?
What are some intentional comedic plays in dramatic Indian TV shows?
What are some hilarious comedy series especially about girls?
Is comedy more difficult to write than drama?
What are some of the best, funniest stories?
What are the most hilarious misunderstandings?
What comedy TV sitcom/show should I watch?
What about a song makes it ripe for parody?
What's the best time for a stupid joke?
What are the funniest yo mama so fat jokes?
What are funny school stories involving brooms?
Is it possible that humor and comedy are actually ineffective at causing a social change?
What are all some funniest revenges you have heard/done?
Why do comedy nights come on Sundays only?
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP): Is Cyrus Broacha secretly funding Kejriwal antics to provide material for his comedy show?
As of 2015, does Louis C.K. still give performances at The Comedy Cellar?
What is the funniest thing about engineering?
Are all the Indian reality show scripted, especially Comedy Nights with Kapil?
How should I react at my manager's pathetic jokes?
What are the funniest videos of fire alarms going off?
How can I master humor?
What are some of the funniest Laffy Taffy jokes?
What was Scandinavian humor like in the 1840s? What comedic devices were used?
Which comedic Hollywood actors also have great dramatic chops?
What are some amazing jokes?
Who are some good but little known stand-up comedians?
Which is the best Barney Stinson moment?
Which are the best lines/jokes by Russel Peters?
Wouldn't it be funny if there was an entire show dedicated to Shaq's freethrows?
What is the most funniest thing that you've heard a lecturer say?
My mom thinks I'm funny. How do I build a comedic following online, specifically on Twitter?
Why do people like Comedy Nights with Kapil?
What is a good snake joke?
Where can I find the episodes on Comedy Nights with Kapil Salman Khan?
Did Al Franken have to "walk back" any jokes he made as a comedian when he first ran for the senate?
Why do Indians love Kapil Sharma's slapstick comedy?
Why do Laffy Taffy wrappers have jokes on them?
What are some of the funniest nicknames of people you've come across? What was the story behind it?
Are there books out there that teach you to be funny?
I think Russell Peters is the best standup comedian. Can I've some names of who's better than him or at least match his standard?
What are the funniest scenes of a movie that kept you rolling on the floor laughing every time you watch it?
What are funny school stories involving desks?
What are some hidden gems of comedy movies like Beerfest, Eurotrip, etc.?
What are funny school stories involving lockers?
What are the best puns in the sitcom FRIENDS?
What are some funny quotes for a restaurant?
Which comedy series do you think was the most underrated?
What are the best adult jokes you have heard without much vulgarity?
What are the things that are hardest for new stand-up comedians to learn?
What's a good comeback to "you have no sense of humor"?
Where can I find full episodes of Whose Line Is It Anyway?
What is the funniest bumper sticker you have seen?
What are some of the most hilarious jokes that make you laugh for several minutes?
What are some of the best jokes/memes about Modi's incessant foreign tours?
What does this joke from "Modern family" mean?
What are some funny 'thank you' speeches?
What are the benefits of getting a talent agent?
If I want to study the comedy style of Pride and Prejudice, which books can I use as  reference?
What are the funniest Bakchod Billi images?
What are some examples of clean and bad taste jokes?
Have the cast of Gaki no Tsukai ever complained of suffering from paranoia or nightmares from the seemingly endless punishments?
What are funny school stories involving shoes?
What is a good goat joke?
What is your favorite ("clean") joke?
What are some good jokes about Gujarat or Gujarati?
What is the funniest word you have ever heard in Tamil?
What are the best short-lived sitcoms?
What short jokes are widely known in Mexico?
Which actors have never got a chance to come in Comedy Nights with Kapil?
What is a good joke in Dutch?
Can I have the best comedy chat between two friends?
What is the funniest picture of people in traffic that you’ve seen?
How can I find a place to sell my funny stories?
I have a chronic disease that makes me depressed. I read that depressed people often become comics. How do I turn how I perceive my disease into a comedic act?
How can I turn serious emotions or things into a joke?
Twain is most likely using humor to make a statement about the impressionablility of?
Who are some of the best stand-up comics in Hyderabad?
Can you write an airport/TSA joke?
What are the best comedy TV series that one should never miss?
Can I use a comedian's line as a podcast intro and not get into any legal troubles?
Should any topics be forbidden for a comedian?
What are the best stand up comedy bits of the last 25 years?
How do I download the Comedy Nights with Kapil videos from Colors TV Official WebSite?
Is being funny a genetic trait? What if I don't have the necessary genetic makeup to be funny? Is my sarcasm too dry?
How does a new stand up comedian get a spot at Gotham Comedy Club?
What are some jokes on All India Bakchod?
What is a good duck joke?
What are the most funniest quotes about alcohol?
What are some of the funniest text messages you've ever received?
What was the first mockumentary?
What would be the first real steps in pursuing comedy as a career?
Are there any good jokes to make fun of violinists and cellos?
What are some of the best picture jokes you have seen?
In which Comedy Circus episode did Sohail Khan give a standing ovation in shorts?
What are the best dardnak/punny jokes you have ever stumbled across?
How does it feel to be the funny one in the group?
Did Seinfeld use a laugh track, a live audience, or a combination?
What's interesting about Bo Burnham?
Do you think that Comedy Nights with Kapil would have been much better without Siddhu?
What are some good Rohith Raj's geeky jokes?
If someone tells me a joke, and they are not funny at all, what should I do?
What are some funny IIT incidents?
Will All India Bakchod (AIB) and TVF Qtiyapa do a video together?
Why we do not laugh on repetition of jokes?
What are some funny stories that make anyone laugh?
How do sardaar jis feel about the "sardaar" jokes made in India?
Are romantic comedies getting bad recently? I was wondering if all young white female characters caused rom-coms in a bad technique these days?
What are some distinctive features of Serbian humor?
What would be the possible script if Kanan Gill and Biswa Kalyan Rath are invited as guests on Comedy Nights with Kapil?
What are the funniest and most creative ways to ask for a salary raise?
I am often unable to express my humor to others. How can I get better at showing them that it was humor and not to be taken on a serious note?
Are there any skills foreigners can use to integrate into local life? Is there some joke you had heard which may have caused some misunderstanding (cultural or linguistic)?
How do you become a comedy writer for a show like SNL or Conan?
What are the basic patterns and structures associated with comedy and being funny? What resources cover this?
How are things funny?
What are the funniest conversations?
What are some suggestions on nice and funny comedy and animation movies?
I was watching Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee and Jerry Seinfeld used Finland as an example of a country without stand up comedians. Is there any truth to this statement?
What are some awesome, inspiring English TV series with good comedy that are available online and will improve my confidence?
Do standup comedians always plan, strictly follow, and perform their complete, scripted routines, or is there ever any impromptu content introduced spontaneously?
What are the funniest things we never notice?
What's the best comedy skit you can come up with?
What are some of the funniest Indian common dialogues you've heard?
How do you make funny Vine videos?
Can you share something funny today?
What are your favourite insults from British comedies?
Who thinks "Comedy nights with Kapil" (an Indian comedy show) is utter stupidity?
What is the cutest/amusement thing you have ever done or happened to you to/by others while watching a movie?
What are some hilarious jokes you have come across on WhatsApp?
What are some funny two line stories?
How do I treat some political humor?
How do Holocaust survivors feel about jokes about common jokes about Hitler in the teenager groups?
What is your quote on life?
What is the meaning of the joke: "Where do cows sleep? In a moo."?
How long before we can use the Nepal earthquake as a humor in comedy?
What is the best joke you heard about Indian superheroes?
Is Russell Peters overrated?
Why do 90% of Hindi comedy movies have a plot involving a gangster/kidnapping and a cop in them?
What are some funny descriptions you have seen about colleges in professional profiles?
What jumps and smells bad?
What did a child do that make you laugh?
What's the funniest thing you've seen someone do at the gym?
Do you have to be funny or humorous to make others like you?
What are some examples of the funniest pranks that have backfired?
Why doesn't Kim Jong-un do standup comedy world tours?
What are some of the best jokes by Navjot Singh Sidhu?
What would be the total number of views for each episode of Comedy Nights with Kapil?
How does it feel when the whole bus is watching some epic comedy action movie and you are the driver of the bus?
What's Csin30?
Which is the funniest Santa Banta joke you have come across with?
For comedians, is it flattering when fans are able to quote portions of your work back to you?
What are the funniest acronyms?
What are some hilarious and sarcastic replies to "What do you look forward to most this year?"
Who is the best comedian in India: Kapil, Raju Shrivastav or someone else?
What are the best jokes on Admin you have in your WhatsApp group?
Did any of the Friends cast members do stand up comedy? Do you think it's a prerequisite for sitcom actors to perform stand up?
What IIT/BITS student graduated and pursued his/her own interests, like standup comedy?
Am I a horrible person for finding the Mommie Dearest movie funny?
Which joke should I say at a consulting firm induction?
What are the best comedy films that I should watch and that were released in 2014 and 2015?
What is the funniest serious movie?
What are some good 3-word jokes?
What are the jokes craked by MS Dhoni?
What is the best joke involving Rajnikant?
What funny stories can you make about Voldemort losing his nose?
What is a time a child made you laugh?
What are some of the good humorous response to/by the professors?
What is a joke with the words bee and pig?
Who's your favourite dumb character from TV or the movies?
What are some funny Kiyai Sentar stories?
Can anyone make me roll on the floor laughing (rofl) with a new  joke never told?
What are some of the best Rajnikanth jokes?
What is your favorite George Carlin's joke/insight and why?
What are some WhatsApp jokes?
Are period jokes extremely offensive?
What are some of the best comedy-family-drama Hollywood movies of all time?
What are ways to be funny "with people" (rather than "at people")? What books and resources cover this?
What are some of the best South Park jokes?
What are some harmless, but funny, pranks that you can pull on someone?
What is a joke without criticising or offending anybody?
Is "cheebye" a funny sounding word?
What's the funniest/awkward/dumbest presentation you have witnessed?
Which is the world's shortest joke?
Why does Jimmy Fallon's laugh seem so fake?
Which cricketer has a good sense of humor?
What is your favorite episode of Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee?
Why can children make you laugh?
What is a funny answer?
Why does IDEA network capitalize on IIN in spite of it has become a butt of a joke among youths? Isn't it a bad investment to continue publishing advertisements?
Jay Leno and Jerry Seinfeld are exceptions, but most standup comics turn their back on standup forever after they get their own show or move into a film career. Why is this?
What is a good IT joke?
Is comedy universal?
How do you create a sketch comedy?
Which are the best comedy youtube channels? (pranks, jokes, funny actions, anything related to fun and comedy)
Which is the funniest adult joke you've ever heard?
Why are jokes of girls so dumb? Why do they laugh unnecessarily?
Are sitcoms dying?
Which is favourite funny baby video?
What are some good Rohith Raj's geeky jokes?
Are anti-Bush comedians being targeted?
What is one of the best suspense jokes?
What are good sites to learn jokes or intellectual quotes especially for doctors?
What are some of the funniest moments in comics?
What is a joke that goes: "What do you call a hippo?"
What is the single most popular joke in the world?
What are the best hidden jokes in Futurama?
How do sardaar jis feel about the "sardaar" jokes made in India?
How does one go about writing a sketch for a stand-up?
What is the most comical reply to "How are you"?
What is the funniest parody video on YouTube?
What is the meaning of the joke "what do hippos eat hippo cake"?
What is a good joke that goes why did?
How do I write a good comedy speech?
I am often unable to express my humor to others. How can I get better at showing them that it was humor and not to be taken on a serious note?
Is it irresponsible to tell jokes about sexual violence in an alcohol infused environment like a bar?
Where can I find some reviews about comedy films?
Which are the best comedy books of all time?
Does humour increase intimacy or decrease it?
Did the SNL spoof on scientology suggest it finally arrived and accepted or was it justly ridiculed?
What is the best practical joke?
Who is Nasim Zaidi?
Who is the best comedy actor in the world?
What would be the most epic prank you could think of?
Who is the best comedy actor in India?
What are common topics and themes in standup comedy?
What are your thoughts regarding Comedy Central's decision to hire Trevor Noah as The Daily Show's new host?
What are the best memes you have ever seen or funny memes you see daily?
In general, do comedy films not get the respect and recognition that they deserve?
Who is the funniest Republican comedian?
How do comedians go about developing their material?
What are the top ten funniest Nick Jr shows?
What are some mind-blowing examples of finding humor in everyday life?
Which are some of the famous jokes you have heard on an Indori person?
What are some of the funniest Indian common dialogues you've heard?
Can you share something funny today?
If everyone around you is incessantly quoting Will Ferrell movies and various stand-up comedians, do you drink arsenic or just shoot yourself in the face?
What is the funniest misquote you've ever heard?
Who was/is the funniest Jewish comedian?
Why is sarcastic comedy so famous?
What was Obama's best joke at the 2015 White House Correspondents' dinner?
What are some funny oneliners?
What is the answer to the joke, "What goes aat aat?"
What do you think about this funny videos site?
Do jokes need to be logical? Does bad logic ever make a joke unfunny?
How long before we can use the Nepal earthquake as a humor in comedy?
What are the funniest Marathi movies after 2012?
Is it possible for someone who is not quick on their feet to be successful as a stand-up comedian?
Where can I find an uncensored version of Pyaar Ka Punchnama?
Is Russell Peters overrated?
What is the significance of Sidhu in comedy nights with Kapil?
Who's won the most games on Comedy Central's @midnight?
How do I start off on my way to becoming a stand-up comedian in India?
Is Seth MacFarlane a good comedian?
Why do 90% of Hindi comedy movies have a plot involving a gangster/kidnapping and a cop in them?
Who are the good comedy drama play writers from Uttar Pradesh and comedy drama actors/actress?
What is your funny story about sharing a bathroom in a residence with 3 or more people?
What are comedians looking at when they look down at the podium on @midnight?
Why doesn't The Ice Pirates (1984) get much recognition as a comedy?
What is the funniest thing you have said to anyone spontaneously?
What opportunities are available for pursuing acting and stand-up as a hobby in Mumbai?
Who is the most active person on Quora from SASTRA University?
What's the funniest thing you've seen someone do at the gym?
Why doesn't Kim Jong-un do standup comedy world tours?
What are some of the best jokes by Navjot Singh Sidhu?
Are there any good shows on Comedy Central for "Workaholics" fans?
What are the funniest acronyms?
What are some funny facts about the phylum Annelida?
Which is/was a better comedy show: Saturday Night Live or MADtv?
What does the joke, "What is green and white? A seasick snowball." mean?
Which are the jokes that made you laugh and think at the same time?
Why is comedy funny (in a psychological way)?
Are there any movies depicting social anxiety in a comic way?
What are some of the best ways to enhance stand-up comedy skills?
What is funny about this dialogue?
What are some hilarious movies with extremely inappropriate humour?
Why are the comedy movies these days intermingled with vulgarity (often called as double meaning comedy)? How do they attract a large number of audience in spite of being so low standard?
If I make a joke and nobody laughs, how do I recover from the "awkward moment" that results?
Who is your favourite comedian?
What is the most irrelevant yet funny "If..then.." statement?
What makes something funny? Why is a sense of humor so varied in people?
What is the best joke involving Rajnikant?
What are the golden rules that a standup comedian follows or must follow?
Who are some comedians along the lines of George Carlin, Louis CK, Bill Burr and Jim Jefferies?
In the BBC comedy series, Allo Allo, the Wehrmacht officers are on the whole not particularly convinced Nazis, and hate and frequently try to sabotage the Gestapo/SS officer Herr Flick. To what extent does this resemble real-life relations between Wehrmacht and Gestapo officers?
I am a good dancer. I have done stand-up comedy acts and I respect women, but when any girl comes up to me or around I screw up and end up with a personality of a boiled potato. How can I improve myself?
What are the best comedy movies in Bollywood ever?
How do I roast a friend?
Who is the real guy behind Pakalupopito?
If a deaf person has to go to court, is it still called a hearing?
What are some tips for writing romantic comedy?
Since the 1950s, which U.S presidents have had a good sense of humor?
Is it possible that Kapil Sharma is not such a good comedian or stand-up artist now, but people still laugh at his jokes because of his stardom and fame?
What are some of the best one-liners in India?
What was it like to meet comedian Louis C.K in person?
Are you of the opinion that generally good comedy films do not get the respect and recognition that they deserve?
What do you think of FX's new show "The Comedians"?
What are some of the best Rajnikanth jokes?
When does one cross the line when it comes to humor?
Is there a website that gives explanations to some of the jokes in Frasier?
What are some harmless, but funny, pranks that you can pull on someone?
What is a joke without criticising or offending anybody?
What are some funny stories between a manager and an employee?
Nowadays, I'm telling many jokes. Which social platform would be better to publish on so people recognise the jokes are all mine?
What are the good episodes of The Colbert Report by Stephen Colbert, with transcripts?
Why does IDEA network capitalize on IIN in spite of it has become a butt of a joke among youths? Isn't it a bad investment to continue publishing advertisements?
What are 4 good tree jokes?
Every day we get new jokes. Have you ever thought about who are the creators of those jokes? Whose idea is it behind such wonderful jokes?
What are some of the best PJs cracked by Vaibhav Tulsyan?
What are the most unique things you have seen written on the back of auto rickshaw/trucks ?
Do Western comedies have the Tsukkomi act "突っ込み"?
What are some of the best horror-comedy movies?
What does it feel like when you can improv successfully?
Who would you say was the funnier, more brilliant comedian: George Carlin or Richard Pryor? Why?
Why do people think Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt is racist?
Which is the funniest adult joke you've ever heard?
Why are jokes of girls so dumb? Why do they laugh unnecessarily?
What are the best jokes with a message?
Which is favourite funny baby video?
What are some jokes about "Haji Lulung"?
What do the following intellectual jokes mean?
What is the funniest scene in The Office (UK) and why?
What are the most overused knock knock jokes?
Between "Chalti Ka Naam Gaadi " and "Padosan", which movie would you rate better as complete Madcap family comedy?
Which comedians have clearly identifiable philosophical outlooks on life?
I am a 23 year old guy from a relatively small town (Ranchi, Jharkhand) in India. I wish to try my luck at stand up comedy. Which city or cities are the best for me?
What can a person do if there's just Rs 5 in his/her pocket?
What's the best Facebook page category for a comedy act/troupe? Are there any advantages for one over the others, for non-musical group acts?
What is a good mathematics joke?
What are some funny comments in programming?
What's the joke where the punch line is Boo Bee?
What are the unnoticed jokes in Friends?
What is the funniest stand-up comedy special?
Photography: What are some epic pics taken by you?
Why are cantaloupes the lowest of the fruits (Peabody and Sherman reference)?
What are some good jokes on Salman's hit and run case?
What is a good example of a good written joke that does not translate into a good spoken joke?
Which movie character impersonation makes you laugh the most?
Undoubtedly, TVF and AIB are the two biggest groups reviewing various stuff going around us. Why does not each one of them review the other?
What are the best scientific jokes?
What changes do you want in the Comedy Nights with Kapil show?
Why do people like watching Friends so much?
Among the following, whom will you choose as the best all-time comedian: Dilip Joshi, Kavita Kaushik, Disha Vakani or Gopi Bhalla?
How come Salman doesn't do comedies with David Dhawan anymore?
Is Comedy Nights with Kapil incomplete without the laugh of Navjot Singh Siddhu?
What jokes of Russell Peters and David Kau is incoming Daily Show host Trevor Noah being accused of stealing?
Do comedians find it hard at times to determine whether their audiences are laughing with them or at them?
Why are there jokes on Alia Bhatt?
What are the best comedy series on Netflix to watch?
What's the best app to use as a joke archive?
How do I become a stand-up comedian in Delhi?
What is the funniest thing?
Why is Birdman considered a comedy film?
What are some of the most humorous answers on Reddit?
What's the joke where the punch line is a bee in a boat?
Why do TV writers and/or producers of shows like South Park, Louie, or Bob's Burgers (all of which I otherwise adore) think that viewers want the shows to be interspersed with (literal) bathroom humor?
How do comedians think?
Are there elements of Stoicism in the TV show Louie?
What's the joke where the punch line is hap-pie?
What ethnicity is Russell Peters?
In the 1990's, there was a prank call tape made by a group called "The Jerky Boys". In one of the pranks, a local plumber is called and asked if he is "Uncle Freddie". Is there any way of knowing, or does anyone know, who was actually called and what was the name of the business?
What are some good ways for me to practice improv comedy by myself?
What would be an average salary for a TV comedy show writer in Brasil for a sketch-based show similar to "Porta dos Fundos"?
How can I make a funny face?
How many people in the Quora-verse would understand the subject of this satirical cartoon? How many would find it amusing?
Comedy: The curse of the Comic is; "They aren't and their art isn't taken seriously. " Perhaps this is why some die younger than the rest of us what do you think?
How much does Louis C.K. charge for a gig?
Are there some great TV shows in Spanish (preferably comedy)?
How do the roasters on Comedy Central Roasts avoid duplicating jokes?
What movie contains the Vadivelu "Ahaan" comedy meme?
What are the best That's So Raven episodes?
How can I be funny?
Do you know any comedians as good as Louis C.K?
Is there an anime that uses cute/chibi art and is a comedy?
What are some to the best jokes based on the jargon from various professions?
As a showrunner of a such a successful sketch comedy show, how difficult are the dynamics in handling the talent and politics of the writing staff?
Would you watch a comedy sketch show of which was inspired mainly by Mr Show with Bob and David and has elements of The Ben Stiller Show, Monty Python and Saturday Night Live too?
Why is humor about belittling someone most of the time? Isn't there a neutral humor?
How can one make girls laugh on Viber by chatting?
Who are the funniest atheist comedians?
What scares you about the idea of you doing stand-up comedy?
What are some good stand-up comedians that tell stories from their lives?
What are some funny Limericks (five line stories)?
What's the joke where the punch line is a hippopotamus?
What are some good jokes that take time to process?
How much force is needed to knock out a person?
What is an awesome joke which can make me burst out laughing?
What are some funny or serious "lose-lose situations"?
What is the best comedy that you have ever heard?
Which is the best joke ever that makes you laugh out loud like crazy?
Which comedian is better known as "The Stand-Up Detective?"
What are some good action, comedy, and sci-fi movies to watch?
Why is joking on Quora prohibited?
What comedian tells the greatest one line jokes?
Who are the funniest comedians?
What are engineering jokes?
How is Kapil sharma so witty?
What are some funny jokes about makeup?
What is the funniest comedy movie for adults?
What do the following intellectual jokes mean?
Where can I find humour?
Who is the funniest European comedian?
Who is the best stand-up comedian in your opinion? Why?
Which is the best IIN (Idea Internet Network) joke you have read?
What can a person do if there's just Rs 5 in his/her pocket?
Who is the funniest English-speaking French comedian?
What are the funniest things that have happened in an elevator?
Why are cantaloupes the lowest of the fruits (Peabody and Sherman reference)?
How does Comedy Central decide who's going to be the panel on a roast?
Which is the funniest novel of all times?
Who is the funniest English-speaking Chinese comedian?
Undoubtedly, TVF and AIB are the two biggest groups reviewing various stuff going around us. Why does not each one of them review the other?
What are the best scientific jokes?
What was your most hilarious experience?
Is Comedy Nights with Kapil incomplete without the laugh of Navjot Singh Siddhu?
How do I tell one of my friends to get rid of his habit of cracking very pathetic jokes?
What's the funniest thing you've had happen on a sales call?
What makes humor funny?
Why is the term 'Fuck-All' used so frequently by Indian stand-up comics?
Why doesn't a country like India, like things like 'AIB roast'?
What are your favorite comedy channels on YouTube? Why?
What would be the story of Friends if it was a 3-hour movie rather than a TV series?
What are the top five funny TV ads?
What are some jokes which will urge the listener to kill you?
If your life depended on getting someone to laugh, which YouTube video would you show them?
Why is Pink Panther with Sellers so epically funny?
What was it like to have a conversation about religion, politics or society with George Carlin?
How can I develop dry humor?
How many people in the Quora-verse would understand the subject of this satirical cartoon? How many would find it amusing?
What are engineering jokes?
Comedy: The curse of the Comic is; "They aren't and their art isn't taken seriously. " Perhaps this is why some die younger than the rest of us what do you think?
How much does Louis C.K. charge for a gig?
What movie contains the Vadivelu "Ahaan" comedy meme?
Are there any successful hour-long comedy TV shows?
Is Kapil Sharma getting monotonous?
Who is the funniest mute comedian?
Why is Dubsmash so addictive?
Who writes the jokes for the non-comedian celebrities on Comedy Central Roasts?
Who are the funniest comedians?
Is there a comedy stand-up festival in Toronto this year?
Which one is funnier?
Who are all the famous stand-up comedians?
What are some funny memes and jokes about Salman and his driver?
What are some good TV shows or movies that help improve a viewer's humor, lateral thinking, improvisation and quickness in speech?
If I should not laugh at a joke because the joke is offensive, what filtration do I need to ensure so that I won't suddenly laugh?
Who is the funniest economist who has ever lived?
What are the funniest things that have ever happened in Indian sports?
What are some great sources of comedic material and/or inspiration?
Photography: What are some epic pics taken by you?
Is insult-based comedy the new form of comedy now?
How can I learn humor and jokes that are positive and encouraging for others?
What is the funniest stand-up comedy special?
How will The Daily Show's viewers respond to a host who has not lived here, is not from this country either by birth or by moving and living here for some time to become familiar and "one of us"?
Which movie character impersonation makes you laugh the most?
How much do successful comedian managers in Los Angeles make?
What jokes of Russell Peters and David Kau is incoming Daily Show host Trevor Noah being accused of stealing?
What are some of the best, non hurting, ways to prank anyone?
Why is Comedy Nights with Kapil so overrated?
Who is Chandler Bing?
Of all TV shows ever to use fake/canned laughter, which was best?
Are there elements of Stoicism in the TV show Louie?
Are there some great TV shows in Spanish (preferably comedy)?
How can I make a funny face?
What is the success story of Comedy Nights with Kapil?
Were Jamie Foxx's Bruce Jenner jokes transphobic and hateful or just in poor taste?
What scares you about the idea of you doing stand-up comedy?
Which is the best joke on Quora?
Do you know any comedians as good as Louis C.K?
What are the best skits on Saturday Night Live?
What is the best Santa joke you have ever heard of?
How can one make girls laugh on Viber by chatting?
Can I make money with a comedy website based on events, news and the history of each comedian?
Should all comedian who talking about others things what not on the report will not be allowed?
What things are considered universally funny?
What are some good action, comedy, and sci-fi movies to watch?
What is the best banta joke you have ever heard?
How do comedians think?
What is the funniest comedy movie for adults?
What is the funniest scene in The Office (UK) and why?
What are the best Uranus jokes?
What are some good jokes on Salman's hit and run case?
Does Doug Benson get paid for hosting the Doug Loves Movies podcast?
What stand up comedy or sketch comedy helped you learn English?
Which does Bo Burnham care about more: being funny or conveying the message?
I'm a young comedian surrounded by experienced and bitter comedians. Even though their advice helps me a lot, how can I protect myself from the negativity?
Why do many Indian stand-up comedians dress so casually at their stageshow performances?
What are some famous jokes?
Who is funnier: Kanan Gill and Biswa or KRK?
How can I convince my Jewish friends that Holocaust jokes are funny?
Why does American comedy seem so lame to people in other English speaking countries? It comes across as simplistic, dumb and not funny. What went wrong?
What are some good jokes for gatherings of professionals?
What is the funniest thing ever?
What is funny with the name Muriel?
Why is Demetri Martin so unpopular in comparison to Aziz Ansari even though he is just as entertaining?
What are some good memories which make you laugh even today when they strike in your mind?
Why does Steven Wright tell his jokes in such a boring manner?
Why is Birdman considered a comedy film?
What are some good what do you call a ______ in a ______ jokes?
Is there an anime that uses cute/chibi art and is a comedy?
Who is the funniest US comedian?
Why is humor about belittling someone most of the time? Isn't there a neutral humor?
If you had to make one pick for the most influential person in American comedy, who would you pick and why?
Who are the funniest atheist comedians?
If you are asked to roast a friend, what will you say to him?
What is the most amusing/funniest caption/joke you have seen on a shirt?
Is it just me, or is Two and a Half Men really the best comedy series?
What do comedians really think about hecklers?
How clever witted is Kapil Sharma?
Is Trevor Noah really the best person to host The Daily Show?
What is the worst joke ever made by someone on "IIN"?
Did Hillary just divorce Bill on this April Fool's Day? Is this the greatest joke ever? Would this be really surprising, if it were true?
Which is your favourite comedy scene of Indian cinema?
Which comedians have clearly identifiable philosophical outlooks on life?
I am a 23 year old guy from a relatively small town (Ranchi, Jharkhand) in India. I wish to try my luck at stand up comedy. Which city or cities are the best for me?
What are the lamest jokes you have ever heard?
What are some funny comments in programming?
Why do actors in Hindi cinema get hiccups when they drink alcohol but I haven't really seen anyone doing so?
What are the unnoticed jokes in Friends?
When will we be able to see the Comedy Central Roast of Justin Bieber?
Why does the Indian audience prefer pointless comedy like AIB and Bollywood classroom over content based infotainment like Snacky Studios's Eco-Diaries? (Eco-Diaries - Snacky Studio)
What are some of the sharpest movie jokes of all time?
Why do some people spend so much time making comedy vines?
Why are there jokes on Alia Bhatt?
What are some funny stories you found on the newspaper?
How do I become a stand-up comedian in Delhi?
Why can't ISIS bomb the sets of Sasural Simar Ka?
How do I direct a comedy scene for a theatre?
What is the origin of blunder/fail comedy?
What are some websites or Facebook pages with funny jokes?
Who are the funniest comedians who died young?
Can you create a funny, creative, name or phrase using these letters? (see description)
Would you watch a comedy sketch show of which was inspired mainly by Mr Show with Bob and David and has elements of The Ben Stiller Show, Monty Python and Saturday Night Live too?
Who was the better comedian - Kenan or Kel?
Why has comedy gone to a point of either sex or picking on someone? Why aren't there comedians like Charlie Chaplin and Laurel and Hardy nowadays, who used to kill people (with laughter) without going sexual or hurting anybody?
What are the best (funniest and biggest) mistakes that are made in movies?
Who is the funniest Australian comedian?
What is the best comedy that you have ever heard?
Why is joking on Quora prohibited?
Now that AIB introduced us to a new form of comedy, should it be accepted? Are you okay with watching such comedy with your parents or with your children performing such acts on stage?
Which is the funniest tennis incident?
What are some of the funniest examples of satire?
What are the funniest things that have happened in an elevator?
Which is the funniest novel of all times?
What is the best non-romantic comedy movie?
What was your most hilarious experience?
How do comedians segue so smoothly from one random topic to another?
What's the funniest thing you've had happen on a sales call?
What makes humor funny?
Why is the term 'Fuck-All' used so frequently by Indian stand-up comics?
Should a stage comic like Russell Peters stop making jokes on races, women and stereotypes? Or should people take the jokes in a lighter way?
What would be the story of Friends if it was a 3-hour movie rather than a TV series?
What is the answer to the joke, "What goes knio knio"?
Is there a place that offers an open mic to new stand-up comics in Delhi?
What is a good lion joke that goes "why did the"?
What are some jokes that only people who work in IT can understand?
What are the top funniest pics that came up on the Quora Funny Page this week (March 16-20, 2015)?
What is a funny thing about Egypt?
Why are comedians the only ones who are allowed to make politically incorrect jokes?
What are some of the funniest and strictest proxy attendance incidences?
What are some of the greatest examples of a sense of humour?
What is a good egg joke?
Which brand of suits/clothes does John Oliver wear on Last Week Tonight?
Which is the most comedic movie ever in the history of Bollywood?
What is the secret to a great sense of humor?
What is the meaning of the joke "Where do sick kings go? The king-spiral?"
Why is Dubsmash so addictive?
What is a joke?
Where have Kapil Sharma and Krishna Thakur gotten their hair weaved?
What are some conversations which make no sense but are funny?
How was the early life of Russell Peters?
Which one is funnier?
What is a good knock knock joke about bees?
What is the funniest IIN troll that you've come across?
Which comedy movie is this?
Did Lorne Michaels ever hire any performer for SNL in whom he did not believe?
What are some great sources of comedic material and/or inspiration?
How can I learn humor and jokes that are positive and encouraging for others?
What kind of humor is true humor?
What are some jokes that only Indians get?
What are IITGN's inside jokes?
What are some hilarious rumors you've heard in your school/college?
Which is the best joke in the world?
What are some of the best, non hurting, ways to prank anyone?
What is the answer to the joke "what goes up up moo"?
Is there a Russian counterpart to George Carlin?
What are some comedy (30 min) series piloting this year?
What is the solution to this old school puzzle? A pencil costs 5 paisa, a pen costs 50 paisa and a notebook costs 5 rupees (500 paisa, since 1 Rupee = 100 paisa). You have to buy 100 items with 100 Rupees.
What are some jokes which need explanation most of the time but still don't get ruined?
What is the success story of Comedy Nights with Kapil?
What are comedians like Sunil Pal, Raju Srivastava, and Ehsaan Qureshi doing nowadays?
What is the best Santa joke you have ever heard of?
What is the quickest way to make somebody laugh?
Can I make money with a comedy website based on events, news and the history of each comedian?
What is one of the best jokes on media?
What are some of the best jokes on IIN?
Why is Thanksgiving stereotyped for Indians in comedy shows?
Is America the most sarcastic country in the world?
What are the funniest cheesy seduction words you have ever heard from a man?
What is the best banta joke you have ever heard?
How can I smuggle humour into my academic English writing?
What is a way to be a man who has a sense of humor?
What are some good jokes and memes about Idea's IIN?
Is Quora sans humour?
How can a silent person develop a sense of humor to his/her co-workers?
What TV show has the most sophisticated humor?
Is comedy immoral?
What are some of the best Telugu and Tamil romantic comedy movies?
What are 4 good fish jokes?
How do I start out as a stand-up comedian in Delhi?
Which comedian hosts an online podcast? Is it Ben Gleib, Adam Carolla or John Hodgman?
What are some of the most successful start-ups in the field of comedy?
How can I get my sense of humor back?
What are some good jokes for gatherings of professionals?
Are Hindi commentators purposefully funny or accidentally funny?
What are some funny jokes I can say to the girl I like?
How often does a professional comedian recycle the same joke?
Is this a good short film?
Sometimes I laugh at myself. Am I really funny?
How much of late comedian Bill Hicks' philosophy of life came from his use of psilocybin?
What is the most sarcastic joke ever?
What is the most amusing/funniest caption/joke you have seen on a shirt?
How clever witted is Kapil Sharma?
How do comedians get over the "boredom" or lack of freshness from repeating jokes?
With AIB, TVF, EIC, and Son of Abish being a success, has YouTube successfully started a revolution in the comedy entertainment field?
In most jokes, why do they make a joke of wives but not husbands? Why do they think ladies/wives are fools all the time?
How can I make myself smarter and funny?
What are some of the funniest Shers?
What are some must watch english television series regarding drama, comedy, action, adventure, detectives, etc?
Is Kapil Sharma following the path of Andy Kauffman?
What is the funniest practical joke you have ever played?
What are some of the films/scenes that are so bad that they are funny?
What are the funniest "would you rather" questions or choices you can think of or know?
Do stand-up comedians have a higher propensity for depression and/or substance abuse than the general population or other categories of professions?
Is Better Call Saul a dark comedy or a slow drama?
What are funny mistakes Indian/Pakistani people do in foreign languages?
What are the best (funniest and biggest) mistakes that are made in movies?
Why is it that most of the popular humor involves insult/ridicule?
What are some awesome punch lines by Kapil Sharma?
How can I be funny after telling the same joke so many times?
Which is the funniest tennis incident?
Where can I watch Comedy Nights with Kapil starring Shoaib Akhtar and Harbhajan Singh?
Who are some hilarious local celebrities where you live?
How can I add humour to my relationship with my girlfriend?
What are you doing for Red Nose Day today?
What are your stories about comedy writing? What helped you succeed in comedy writing for TV shows or anything really? What personal qualities, other than a sense of humor, are necessary?
What is the funniest experience you had during a viva/oral test?
What approximately is the average IQ of the top comedians in the English speaking world?
What is the best non-romantic comedy movie?
What is the joke in "Sidney Applebaum" on SNL?
What are some of the best joke scientific or mathematical papers?
What are some funny programming comics?
What is so great about the show 'Comedy Nights with Kapil' that a big part of the country's population loves it so much?
Which Indian comedy show is the funniest show ever?
What are some of the best short comedy/romantic anime?
What are the most intelligent comedy or horror films to be released in recent years?
What are the most badass jokes?
Who was Phoebe's body double?
What are some career paths I can pursue if I like to tell stories and make people laugh?
What is a good lion joke that goes "why did the"?
Why are comedians the only ones who are allowed to make politically incorrect jokes?
What are the top 3 funny series in the world?
What are some instances of a great sense of humour?
What are some of the funniest and strictest proxy attendance incidences?
What is the difference between funny and interesting?
Which brand of suits/clothes does John Oliver wear on Last Week Tonight?
What is the meaning of the joke "Where do sick kings go? The king-spiral?"
What is the funniest and most decent joke that you have come across?
What are some of the funniest Facebook cover photos you have ever seen?
What is a good ghost joke?
What is a good knock knock joke about bees?
What is the funniest IIN troll that you've come across?
Saturday Night Live: Who is the least funny cast member to stay five years or more?
Why are Indians very bad at humor?
Which bare the funniest laws in the world?
What are some of the funniest ads ever made?
What is the funniest conversation between an Indian and a Pakistani?
Did you like the character of Frank, Alice, and Janice in Friends (TV show)?
What is the answer to the joke "what goes up up moo"?
Is there a Russian counterpart to George Carlin?
What is the funniest thing about the universe?
How do you feel about drawing on currency?
What is a nice joke on married life?
A family member has inoperable, terminal brain cancer (diffuse leptomenegial carcinomatos). She wants to spend as much of her remaining time laughing. I need funny jokes and videos. Where can I find funny material to help her cope?
What is the funniest post or comment you had seen in Quora?
Is it right to say that there is a greater culture of comedy in England than in America?
What is the latest joke you've heard?
What are some nerd jokes on entropy?
Are the Doug Anthony Allstars (DAAS) unique as a comedy act or musical group?
Who would be a good replacement for Jeremy Clarkson in Top Gear?
What is a good cow joke?
Who writes the jokes Daniel Tosh delivers?
What are your favourite library jokes?
What is the quickest way to make somebody laugh?
Why is Last Comic Standing the best or the worst for stand-up comedians?
What is your favourite toilet joke?
Are there trends in stand-up comedy?
Is America the most sarcastic country in the world?
Why aren't movies with the continuously silly yet deeply intelligent comedic content seen in "Airplane" made anymore?
How can I learn humor?
Which are the best/funniest bitstrips you have seen?
What are some funny Nancy comic strips?
Do you find that female comedians just aren't as good as their male counterparts? Why?
Do you have any recommendation for high school comedy, mystery and drama movies?
What is your favourite Polish joke?
What's a good tagline for standup comedy?
What do you expect from the Chinese version of Saturday Night Live?
Who likes funny stuff?
What are some good jokes and memes about Idea's IIN?
What are some good books to study standup comedy?
What TV show has the most sophisticated humor?
What's the funniest auto-correct you've ever seen?
What are some some funny tweets and status updates about beefban in Maharastra, India?
How much would it cost to hire a stand-up comedian in India?
What is the answer to the joke, "what goes pom pom?"
What are some of the weirdest, funniest and out of the box selfies?
What are some of the most successful start-ups in the field of comedy?
What are your favourite Finnish jokes?
What is the funniest possible way a person can die?
What are your favourite German jokes?
Which are the most hilarious scientists ever?
What is your favourite Italian joke?
What are some technical jokes?
What are some funny online sales and purchases?
What are the worst or the best racial jokes you have ever heard?
What is your favourite Hollywood joke?
What are some of the best Indian stand up comedy lines?
What are some funny jokes I can say to the girl I like?
How can I find huge hearted and humorous friends?
What are the greatest jokes in your life?
How do I get an agent to sell my comedy pilot?
How can I defend Comedy Nights with Kapil as my mom prevents me from watching it?
What are some funny or weird stories that happened backstage to a comedian?
Why is this joke funny?
What is your favorite story told by a stand-up comedian?
What is a good joke about hats?
What are some funny video ideas?
What are some of the best jokes on the CBSE board examinations?
Are the satirical Saturday Night Live ads in fact paid advertising?
What's the funniest bumper sticker you've seen that you don't necessarily agree with?
Which is one of the best lines you have heard in Comedy Nights with Kapil?
Who is Jimmy Wales' favourite comedian, and why?
Which season of Saturday Night Live was the worst, and why?
What are your favourite Iranian jokes?
What are some examples of intelligent comedy that I can watch?
What is the most blatant joke you can write?
What are the best outlets on the Internet for writing comedy?
What are some of the films/scenes that are so bad that they are funny?
What are funny mistakes Indian/Pakistani people do in foreign languages?
What is your review of Eddie Izzard (comedian)?
What's the difference between Chinese and American humor?
What do I need to study in order to understand Lenny Bruce better?
Why are there many jokes about Alia Bhat?
What is a good a pig joke?
What is the decibel intensity of Navjot Singh Sidhu's laughter?
What is the top 3 funniest comedies in the world?
What are some of the best Chinese language jokes?
How can I be funny after telling the same joke so many times?
I love sitcoms and enjoyed Friends, Happy Endings, Frasier, Spaced, Coupling, Mindy and the first three seasons of HIMYM.  What should I watch next?
What are some words that make you laugh?
Who according to Tanmay Bhat and other AIB members is the best comedian in India?
What is this type of humor called?
Who are some hilarious local celebrities where you live?
Why is Jon Stewart's replacement unlikely to be as funny as Jon Stewart even if "The Daily Show" writers are all the same?
Why does logic have to be sacrificed to create humor these days? As we see in movies? Is humor a foolish thing?
What are some of the funniest moments in cricket history?
What are some funny programming comics?
Which Indian comedy show is the funniest show ever?
What's the deal with the "I'm a little guy" sketch on Portlandia? Is it that Portland has a lot of little guys?
What are your experiences of a typo causing a funny situation?
What are good Purim jokes?
What are some career paths I can pursue if I like to tell stories and make people laugh?
What is the psychological reason for why sex jokes remain popular?
Am I the only one who thinks that Jennifer Lawrence should try stand-up comedy?
What is the geekiest coding joke you have ever come across?
Can a stand-up comedian be called humorous?
What are some of the funniest conversations you have had through text messages or WhatsApp?
What can be the funniest thing to do with a computer?
What is the joke "two academics walk into a bar. You should be writing" about?
Is trolling Rahul Gandhi ethical?
What are some jokes which you will have to read twice to understand, but then burst into laughter?
What are some good examples of subtle humor on Modern Family?
I know a lot of funny people and I am funny. If we were to form a company, should it be a production company?
What are some funny clues you give/encounter when you play Dixit Journey? What are the cards that make the clue funny?
What are some very funny newsletters out there?
Voltaire said "puns were the lowest form of humor." Did he fill in the rest of the humor hierarchy?
What are the most funny contact names you have stored?
I had a friend who made his girlfriend mad, and a guy he knew said "Looks like you'll be wearing stretchy pants tonight." Why is that funny?
Who is the creator of the trolltoons? Do they have names? How did they come into existence?
What's special about British humor in their talk shows?
What is the funniest spam email you ever received?
How do you feel about drawing on currency?
What are the best jokes said/answered by kids?
What is a nice joke on married life?
If I'm good at PJs, then am I bad at humor?
Which are some of the best standup comedy organisations in Delhi?
What is the latest joke you've heard?
What are some of the smallest but freaking funniest jokes ever?
Did anyone go for Russell Peters' Almost Famous show in Mumbai? How was it?
Who writes the jokes Daniel Tosh delivers?
What are some funny skit ideas for my 10th class farewell party and some other ideas for performances?
Why does watching Friends (TV show) make you laugh every single time?
I didn't get this American joke. Can someone explain it?
Are there trends in stand-up comedy?
Is there a biological reason why we are likely to laugh when it is least appropriate?
How can I learn humor?
Should all family TV shows and movies that have rude laughing scenes be taken off the air immediately?
Do you find that female comedians just aren't as good as their male counterparts? Why?
How long has Steve Martin had gray hair?
What are some funny stories to introduce yourself?
Would it be funny to push my friend into a pool?
What's a good tagline for standup comedy?
Who likes funny stuff?
Are there any jokes on grammar?
Why are Telugu movies more comedy oriented?
What are some of the best jokes on Rajinikanth?
What jokes would rather make you think than laugh?
How do I get a promo reel of my set if I can't get on a stage without a promo reel to send the booker?
What are some some funny tweets and status updates about beefban in Maharastra, India?
Who was your favorite Three Stooges character?
Who is your favorite Unsympathetic Comedy Protagonist?
What is the most offensive joke you have ever come across? Did it offend you and why?
How do I know when a comedian is funny?
What are the best joke images ever?
How many people have laughed out loud for the jokes which you have created?
What are some technical jokes?
What are some funny nicknames in your friend circle?
Was Sambit Patra a comedian?
What are some of the best Indian stand up comedy lines?
What are some funny one-liners on the Union Budget 2015-2016 that was announced recently?
How do I get an agent to sell my comedy pilot?
Is John Oliver funny?
What is the funniest picture of kids you have ever taken?
What are some funny misleading labels that you can give some Russian military equipment?
What would happen if an Indian stand up comedian marries another Indian stand up comedian?
Can a movie go from a comedy to a tragic drama?
What are the funniest pictures without words?
Are there any successful entrepreneurs that got involved in comedy later on?
What are your favorite comedy videos in Tamil and English, or with English subtitles?
What are dark comedies?
What are the best jokes on "The Dress"?
Can it be called an in-joke if there's only one person who gets it?
When did the ritual of jokes start?
Can a serious movie be turned into a comic one, keeping the plot the same?
How do I light for sitcoms?
Which are the best comedy series on TV post 2005?
What are some funny things that can be done to make others laugh?
How do I sell my comedy pilot?
What is the most blatant joke you can write?
What are the best outlets on the Internet for writing comedy?
Would comedians not to be silly?
Most of the jokes floating around the IT/software companies are really not that funny but I still see a lot of them gather together and laugh their hearts out over these "jokes." Am I not getting the joke or have people in the software profession lost their sense of humor?
Is comedy inherently "politically incorrect"? Or is politics restraining our natural tendency to mock and laugh at others' "inferiority" and sufferings? Or is it just a matter of striking a balance?
What do I need to study in order to understand Lenny Bruce better?
What are some of the India vs South Africa jokes?
What do you think of this Hatoful Boyfriend gameplay?
What are some hilarious one-liners mentioned by Ramiz Raja?
My friend wont laugh, and I really need her to for a dare. What is a joke I could tell her to make her laugh?
What are the best double meaning adult jokes you have heard?
Why are sex jokes funny?
How can I become a Hollywood comedy actor?
What is this type of humor called?
Why is humor linked to intelligence?
Is Mr. Bean really a stupid person?
What's the funniest one liner you can come up with all by yourself?
What are some of the funniest moments in cricket history?
What is a good joke about bikes?
Do roasters outside India use abuses for insult-comedy?
What are some cool books recommended for becoming a cool comedian?
What ingredients go into a successful sketch comedy show on TV?
What is it like to write for Saturday Night Live?
Why do we make jokes out of everything?
What is the most funniest humor article you recently read?
What is the funniest thing ever said by any professor at KNIT Sultanpur?
How do you know if your boyfriend is laughing behind your back?
What is the geekiest coding joke you have ever come across?
Is this a joke website?
What are the funniest one-liners you have ever heard?
What are some good jokes about cops and drivers?
What are some of the rude jokes that Indians make?
I know a lot of funny people and I am funny. If we were to form a company, should it be a production company?
What is the difference between Kapil Sharma's comedy and AIB/EIC/TVF Qutiyapa's comedy?
What are some of the best jokes for India's victory over Pak in the WC first match?
What are some of the best puns in Finnegans Wake?
What are the most hilarious slips of tongue the world has ever seen?
Voltaire said "puns were the lowest form of humor." Did he fill in the rest of the humor hierarchy?
What are the most funny contact names you have stored?
Why don't Indian people consider the AIB roast a comedy?
What is the name song that Yanni plays in Saturday Night Live parody?
If you had the chance to roast Bollywood stars, who would you roast? And how would you roast him/her/other?
Is The Tonight Show announcer Steve Higgins also still a producer on Saturday Night Live?
Why is so much highbrow humor based around religion?
Funny. Isn't it a funny word? So where do you think the boundary lies when funny becomes offensive?
I'm a comedy producer. If I would like to make 5 million people laugh, how could I quantify it?
What are some comedy movies with really great endings?
Does China have any comedy show about Zao Jun (灶君-Kitchen God)?
Is Tom Green still doing comedy?
What are common jokes on mechanical engineering?
How can I understand Dadaist humor?
Which are some of the best standup comedy organisations in Delhi?
I didn't get this American joke. Can someone explain it?
Where can I find more parodies of ISIS like this?
What's the best affordable inflatable standup paddleboard?
Should all family TV shows and movies that have rude laughing scenes be taken off the air immediately?
Do the jokes in Fresh Off the Boat resonate with non-Asians?
What are some good English-dubbed psychological, comedy, romance or slice of life anime's (preferably new or one that has nice graphics)?
What are your funny interview moments?
What are some real life incidents of "humor"?
How much humor do you inject when you first talk to a gatekeeper or at the start of the sales meeting?
What is the single most unforgettable comedy you have ever watched?
What are the popular styles of humor/comedy in China? How does it differ from American comedy?
What are some funny Arun Lal jokes?
Does Biswa Kalyan Rath plan to make a video on Frankly?
What are some of the best jokes on Arun Lal?
What are some of the best jokes on Rajinikanth?
What are some of the best and funny excuses for not attending any social function or get togethers?
How do I get a promo reel of my set if I can't get on a stage without a promo reel to send the booker?
Why do most Indians like unkind humour?
Who was your favorite Three Stooges character?
Who is your favorite Unsympathetic Comedy Protagonist?
What are funny family names?
How do I start writing jokes and monologues?
How do websites like Green Mango Guy make money?
What are some great jokes that engineers would appreciate?
What`s the simplest Joke which is more than enough to make one laugh his ass off?
How many people have laughed out loud for the jokes which you have created?
What are some of the best Cricket World Cup 2015 advertisement jokes/memes or responses to it?
What are some of the funniest terms and conditions put up by a company?
What are some of the most hilarious names of places that you have heard?
What are the funniest translation fails?
What are some of the funniest commentary conversations involving Shoaib Akhtar?
What do Americans think of English humour?
Why are there so many jokes on marriage?
What is the best way to introduce someone to British Comedy?
Is there any word for a joke that falls flat, or proves to be ineffective?
What are the most funniest pics?
Are there any successful entrepreneurs that got involved in comedy later on?
I'm a stand-up comic who happens to be black but I have trouble doing comedy in front of "black audiences". Is this something I should be concerned about or should I just keep writing and telling jokes to the people that get me?
What is a good joke about someone using something for a different purpose than what it was intended for?
What are the most sarcastic and humorous lines ever said?
Can it be called an in-joke if there's only one person who gets it?
Does the Queen of UK have a mobile phone?
Why don't I find slapstick remotely funny?
What are the coolest or downright ingenious uses of WhatsApp that you've seen?
Who is the world's funniest person of all time?
Does your startup feel like our comedy web series The Startup?
Which is the lamest FRIENDS joke?
Why were some of the names from the current Saturday Night Live cast omitted from the SNL 40th Anniversary opening?
What are some of the funniest and most excellent AFVs?
Would comedians not to be silly?
What is stand-up comedy scene like in India? What are the problems a stand-up comedian faces in India?
What are some situations in the world on which God must be laughing at us?
What is the funniest difference between human beings and dogs?
Most of the jokes floating around the IT/software companies are really not that funny but I still see a lot of them gather together and laugh their hearts out over these "jokes." Am I not getting the joke or have people in the software profession lost their sense of humor?
What are some of the India vs South Africa jokes?
What are some examples of ‘thinking out of the box'?
What is the equivalent of burlesque in Japanese culture?
What are some the funniest sitcoms ever made?
What are the awkward things that you find funny?
My friend wont laugh, and I really need her to for a dare. What is a joke I could tell her to make her laugh?
Do animals do comedy?
What are some hilarious Facebook conversations by Indians?
How can I become a Hollywood comedy actor?
Why do we make a joke out of everything, good or bad?
Why is humor linked to intelligence?
What is the answer to this joke? What did the bee say after the big hike?
What's the funniest one liner you can come up with all by yourself?
YouTube: Is the controversy regarding AIB Knockout justifiable?
Why is AIB's Knockout such big news even though we all know it's just a joke?
Do roasters outside India use abuses for insult-comedy?
My friends say architectural digest is a joke. Why?
What are some cool books recommended for becoming a cool comedian?
What are some of the best running jokes in the American version of "The Office"?
I can't understand whether it's a joke, an insult, or a taunt? How exactly do you figure that out?
How many words, approximately, should a 10-minute stand-up comedy monologue contain?
Why is it called "Upright Citizen's Brigade"?
What is it like to write for Saturday Night Live?
Why do we make jokes out of everything?
Am I the only one who thinks Kapil Sharma is not funny?
How do you know if your boyfriend is laughing behind your back?
What some jokes that are so complicated that one can ever understand them?
In your opinion, which is the best football comedy movie of all time?
What are the funniest one-liners you have ever heard?
Does SNL still hold up 40 seasons after its debut?
Why do we laugh at The Daily Show?
What are some jokes about bees?
What are some of the rude jokes that Indians make?
Does Batman have a sense of humor?
What are some of the best jokes for India's victory over Pak in the WC first match?
What are some of the best jokes made about the India-Pakistan cricket rivalry ever?
What is your opinion of Arvind Kejriwal appearing in a Viral Fever video?
Talking in lawful terms, how legal was the AIB roast? Will it affect the Russell Peters multi-city tour happening in India next week?
What are the top funny Valentine's Day quotes?
What are some interesting jokes in Quora?
Which is your favourite Comedy Nights with Kapil episode?
What is a short joke you could share because I'm feeling a little down lately?
What is the best three-line joke you have ever heard?
What are your favorite Comedy Central roasts of all time?
If you had the chance to roast Bollywood stars, who would you roast? And how would you roast him/her/other?
Is The Tonight Show announcer Steve Higgins also still a producer on Saturday Night Live?
Funny. Isn't it a funny word? So where do you think the boundary lies when funny becomes offensive?
I saw some Facebook users use their website to connect to Facebook to share some content that can be shared to Facebook like the user answer: Male or Female. Then they get the funny result and then they share it to their timeline. How can they do that?
Is Tom Green still doing comedy?
What if the TV show Friends was dubbed in Punjabi? Would it be funnier or not?
What will the ratings be for SNL 40 tomorrow afternoon when the numbers roll in?
Do Biswa and Kanan have any plans to do a sketch like "A Bit of Fry and Laurie"?
What are some facts about Russell Peters?
Is anyone from Pune interested in forming a team to organize standup comedy events and to direct funny videos?
What are some suggestions for laugh lines?
What are some of the funniest Royal Family pictures?
What do the roast masters at the Comedy Central Roast (original show) think of the AIB Knockout video?
Where can I find more parodies of ISIS like this?
What is the answer to the joke "Why did the bee cry?"
What is the best joke you can make in public and make them all laugh?
What are some hilarious jokes about the recent AAP victory?
Do the jokes in Fresh Off the Boat resonate with non-Asians?
Where are places of stand up comedy?
What's the funniest thing you or a friend has done while drunk and on drugs?
What are some good English-dubbed psychological, comedy, romance or slice of life anime's (preferably new or one that has nice graphics)?
What are some real life incidents of "humor"?
What are some myths which are so funny?
Which is your favourite comedy roast to date?
I feel like I've lost my ability to communicate humorously with people. What should I do?
Which is the funniest 100 word joke you have ever heard?
How does one achieve the English proficiency and humor skills of Nikhil Daphale?
Which are the best TED Talks about comedy and being a comedian?
What are the popular styles of humor/comedy in China? How does it differ from American comedy?
What is Ze Frank up to these days?
What are some of the best jokes on Arun Lal?
What are some of the best and funny excuses for not attending any social function or get togethers?
What is the most funny joke or incident you have heard of or happened related to lawyers?
Why are Indians making jokes on Shahid Afridi's age?
Why do most Indians like unkind humour?
What's the funniest thing about India?
How do websites like Green Mango Guy make money?
What are some of the funniest terms and conditions put up by a company?
I want to make a website about funny videos. What should its name be?
What are some of the most hilarious names of places that you have heard?
Is there a formulaic humor?
What is a good moose joke?
What are some instances in Friends where you came up with a joke and no other character else?
What is the most interesting/funny foot-in-the-mouth kind of experience you are involved in?
Now that Jon Stewart is also leaving Comedy Central, should he partner with Stephen Colbert and run for election in 2016?
What are some cool prank ideas for India?
What do Americans think of English humour?
Who according to you is the most underrated stand-up comedian?
What if your jokes fail to be understood by the public?
What is the answer to the joke "knock knock who's there bell bell who"?
If friends mock me about some of my life events (which are kind of funny) and I also find it funny and laugh out loud when I'm being mocked, what quality of me am I projecting on my friends?
Why do people find it funny when they watch a video of someone dying in a funny way?
What is the best way to introduce someone to British Comedy?
What are the most funniest pics?
Why is rape a joke in India?
Did AIB pay anything to the producers of the Comedy Central Roast to obtain the rights to copy their show? How does it work?
I'm a stand-up comic who happens to be black but I have trouble doing comedy in front of "black audiences". Is this something I should be concerned about or should I just keep writing and telling jokes to the people that get me?
What are some of the best 30 min comedy series airing this year (2015)?
What are some hilarious text conversations?
What is a good joke about someone using something for a different purpose than what it was intended for?
What are some good jokes about computers?
What are the coolest or downright ingenious uses of WhatsApp that you've seen?
What is the answer to the joke "why did Spongebob take mud to dinner"?
What are some blogs on Quora about being a comedian, breaking into comedy or "humor engineering"?
What is your opinion on the FIR filed against AIB members and Karan Johar, Arjun Kapoor, and Ranveer Singh due to AIB Knockout?
What are some of the funniest autocorrects ever?
Which is the lamest FRIENDS joke?
What are some of the best jokes on IT managers?
What are some hilarious chain mails?
Why were some of the names from the current Saturday Night Live cast omitted from the SNL 40th Anniversary opening?
What are some of the funniest and most excellent AFVs?
What is the difference between a bit, a premise, and a joke in comedy writing?
How many roasts has Comedy Central done?
What is stand-up comedy scene like in India? What are the problems a stand-up comedian faces in India?
What are some situations in the world on which God must be laughing at us?
What is the funniest difference between human beings and dogs?
Which is a better comedy show between AIB's Roast and TVF's "Barely Speaking with Arnub"?
What is the difference between British and Japanese comedy?
What are some the funniest sitcoms ever made?
Which are some of the best epic comedy movies?
What are the awkward things that you find funny?
Will we see Nidhi Bisht, Biswapati Sarkar, Jitendra Kumar and the whole TVF team starring in a comedy movie anytime soon?
