I'm madly in love with someone, who's using me & confessed it too, but I'm unable to accept it. What should I do?
There's girl whom I like she daily comes to the park but the problem is she comes with a lady, how should I approach her?
Are 1 on 1 hangouts with the opposite sex considered "dates?"
How can I get him to feel comfortable and regain his trust when I broke his heart and rejected in the worst possible way?
Is it rude to tell a girl you don't care if she looks bad?
How do I treat a girl who entertains her boyfriend’s friends better than her own boyfriend?
How do I get my sister to pay me a huge amount of money that she owes me because she doesn't want to pay up?
How do I get my man back?
What did men want in a relationship the most?
What was your relationship with your boyfriend like in the beginning?
How do you say, "Either the boy or the girl has done this" in Chinese?
What do girls think about cars?
Does relationship with physical contact last long?
Why do guys fail to reply on marriage portals when messaged?
Over which topics should a couple in a relationship talk about?
How can I make an introvert girl like me?
Why can't I stop thinking about my male friend, even when I'm not romantically interested in him?
Does Yami think she is beautiful?
How do I move on from the guy I was exclusively dating?
How would you describe someone who should most strongly consider a dating website?
What should I do if I love two people at the same time?
What does it mean when a guy looks at you when you’re not looking, and then when you look at him, he snaps his head back to what he was doing?
How should I let a girl know that I like her?
If my crush talks to a lot of girls and doesn't try to talk to me, why did he talk to a girl about me staring at him?
Does the success of rich men dating websites conclusively prove that the majority of women are gold diggers?
Does a relationship with a BPD woman get shorter each time she recycles with the same partner?
What do I do when a guy I met online today keeps saying he loves me?
What exactly goes on in a girl's mind when she is on her period? Also what steps should a boyfriend/husband take to keep her happy?
We've been together for 4 years and it's quite late that I've found out that he had been chatting with his ex during our first 2 years. Should I get angry?
How do I ask a girl for a date?
Is it possible that my boyfriend has chances of death because I'm mangy?
He is seeing someone else. I can't take this pain. Why has my narcissistic husband abandoned me and made no contact?
Are most guys superficial? I just want the truth. Is it all about looks?
How do I calm my best friend when she's crying like "wooah," and she won’t tell me the reason either?
How come guys promise some things, but never mean it? It hurts, you know?
My crush always tries to get my attention, stares at me and when I like his pics he always likes mine right back a minute later, is he flirting?
In a relationship, should the guy or the girl call more often?
What is the correct way to have a good relationship, especially if we do not talk that often?
My friend posted something on Facebook that said, "if you text me just to ask how my kid and I are doing I won't text back." Why?
She betrayed me, but still she wants to be with me, but she also loves him. What should I do?
Is it healthy to want to be in a relationship with someone despite the lack of feelings towards them?
A guy I used to date and who said he loves me acts depressed when I see him out. Why?
What would you think of a guy who left his girlfriend because of her horrific past? She was sexually harassed. She trusted him, but he left.
What do you do when a girl leads you on and you can't get over her?
Is it normal when I say I love my GF but I like some other girl's qualities more than my GF’s?
What am I suppose to do after she broke up with me?
Is it wrong to break up with a girl because you know she's not for you, even if she is very good to you?
What's it like to live in Darwin, Australia, for a single, 30-year-old guy?
Is a Leo girl good for an Aquarian boy?
How do you make a girl fall for you in a long distance?
How do I make my parents and my girl friend’s parents accept my love relation? I am a jobless person.
How do I deal with my ex's anger? How should I tell him to stop harassing me?
What do you think is the difference between love (love we make) and sex?
How hard is it to choose a career over a girlfriend?
Why is it that, when I get close to a girl, I push them away?
Can I find a man who appreciates me? (I'm a woman)
What is the best way to act around a girl who you like?
Is it a confidence builder to go for a girl who's out of your league?
A long distance friend, (who is like a brother) and I have feelings for each other. But he is in love with another girl, and seems cold. What to do?
Why does she want me to stay in her life while she loves someone else?
How do I tell a beautiful perfectionist girl, that she is great?
Why don't I have a girlfriend? I am a nice guy with a great job, but I don't have the gift of looks.
Why is it that this girl doesn't show interest in me until after she rejected me?
How do I convince my best friend to leave her boyfriend? Both say they love each other but keep fighting every minute and it's ruining her life and career.
Should I impress my girlfriend's family?
Does my boyfriend have the right to force not only me to tell my friend to delete my picture off her Instagram, but also forcing her to do that?
Do married men want to be able to divorce their wives simply by saying the word "divorce" 3 times (she cannot do the same)?
What does it mean when a guy tells you that your voice is beautiful? This was after I said that he had a great voice.
What was your best date?
If you get rejected by a girl, why is it a bad idea to ask out her sister? The first girl shouldn't care because she rejected you.
Honestly, I'm at a loss. I don't know what to do this summer. I just wanna get out of the house. What are your suggestions?
(India) Are science students more likely to get a girlfriend?
Does Trump think that he can rule like an old king did, and have only his blood relatives around him? Isn’t this undemocratic?
Is it possible to be in love with 2 guys at the same time?
Is it okay to date my 17 year old step-cousin?
Did Bach not play the 6-part fugue because he thought he couldn't do it on the spot, or for some other reason like the king was a jerk and had bad vibes?
I’m 18, almost 19, and I want to stay at my BF’s house for 1 night. How do I go about asking and explaining why?
If a young woman is wearing clothes that may be exposing her in a way she may not realize, should/how you tell her?
What are some traits older women find attractive about a younger man?
When a girl rejects a guy, why would it be wrong for the girl to ever reconsider? People’s feelings can change.
What happens if a man refuses to leave women alone after he is rejected by them?
If a man is willing to do anything regardless of ethics, can we say he has no bottom line?
Why does a man talk about other women he has been involved with or still want him to a woman he is dating?
My brother asked me do you know how adult people kiss and kissed me on the mouth when I was 4-6 years old and he was 2 years older what should I do?
I’ve been going out with this guy for a month and we see each other like once a week, never planned, and at his house or at mine. Should I cut him off?
Is there ever a situation where asking someone out is not worth the risk?
How can't you know when an insincere friend is just faking being real?
Should I promise my girlfriend marriage in the future?
How do I handle a guy with no brain?
Would you date a guy with a vasectomy? Why or why not? Does it change the game knowing you're dating with no notion of the possibility of kids.
Some of my friends used to make fun of me and it hurt me. They are rich and I am a topper. I am unable to manage. What should I do?
What are the things you did after your break-up?
Has anybody out there fallen in love online, met in person, and continued with a permanent relationship?
I am seeing a shy guy. After our date we haven't had a normal phone call or a continuous text conversation as before. Is he giving me space?
When asking a girl to prom, is it ok to have another girl in mind in case she says no?
How did you act when you developed a crush?
What do I do if I want to leave a man who loves me for a man I love?
How do I react to my bf saying he thinks my older sister is hot?
What should you do if your girlfriend is introverted and slightly depressed because she was molested in her childhood?
Why does he want a baby but doesn’t want to build a family?
If someone never shave, what does he look like at various milestones?
Is it hard to have a long distance love and keep each other happy?
Why is it a girl suddenly becomes interested in a guy that has lost interest in her?
What if someone loved you and you knew?
If I get rejected by a girl, how soon should I ask out another girl?
How can a guy say no without getting slapped if a girl proposes?
How do I tell if my crush likes me as a friend or as a girl?
Why does my new boyfriend avoid me when we finally have alone time together?
Guys, when asking out a girl, do you usually know what the answer is going to be before you ask her out?
If you got to know your wife was cheating on you while you guys were dating, what will you do?
How can you tell when you like someone?
Why do girls avoid their female classmates?
We are just 14 years old. What are the best tips for me to have a long and happy relationship with my girl best friend?
What is the truth about your ex-boyfriend?
What makes a relationship seem beautiful, contrasting or symmetrical?
My crush is into my best friend. What should I do?
How can I move on from a hopeless crush?
Can I tell my boyfriend who he can and can't talk to?
How do you tell a girl you like her over text?
How do I convince my girlfriend that I am not bothered by her health issues?
Can a 13 year old be in love with a 22 year old guy?
What does it mean when a girl who friendzoned you suddenly becomes interested in you?
My ex broke up with me. We dated for a month, but he would tease me and try to talk to me. He also constantly stares, especially when I am not looking. Why is that?
How do I forget a girl whom I love but who rejected me?
I really like this girl. We've been close friends for a year. She has a boyfriend, who is moving to another country in August. What do I do?
I'm in a relationship, but I'm starting to like another boy. What do I do?
How can I make my girlfriend to love me again after she moved on with her first love?
Why do I always attract girls who already have a boyfriend?
A girl wants to fistfight me. What do I do if I am a boy?
Did it ever happen that while in a relationship you got distracted, developed slight feelings for someone else, but now you are happy with your girlfriend?
I want to die. Can you give me a reason not to?
Should I hide my Tinder page from my ex if I want him back?
I stopped replying to a Japanese guy, would it be okay if I hit him up again?
Why do girls always succeed in gaining their love but boys don't succeed?
Why do most Indian girls look for well-settled boys, even though these girls are not well-settled themselves?
Does a guy feel scared in this situation?
What can the government do to deal with the likes of Arundhati Roy? I know that she is just the tip of an iceberg, so putting her in prison will not solve anything.
Can I find a man that would love me now and not my money?
How do I know if he is right for marriage?
Do you think you make a great partner for a relationship?
I am socially awkward with girls. How can I change that?
A guy told me that he never had to ask a girl out to figure out if she likes him? How is this possible?
How quickly can a girl know whether she is interested in a guy or not?
How do get close to a guy you like, even if they probably don't like you as anything more than a friend?
I'm in a relationship, but I'm starting to like another guy. What should I do?
How do you keep the spice in a relationship without taking it too far/fast?
What is love like from a guy's perspective?
Why can’t men control themselves when a good looking girl passes along the street? Is it anxiety?
Should I tell a potential partner that I'm greysexual?
What does it mean when someone says “either this guy has no game or is simply not interested”? What does it mean, “he has no game”?
How would the dating scene be affected if people took a reverse ageing drug and started getting younger?
How can I make my relationship fun?
Why do girls gossip about it to their friends after they reject a guy?
How romantic is your relationship with your boyfriend?
What do you do if no one asks you out?
What are some good ways to show your interest in your crush without coming off too strong?
How would you respond if a girl asked you what the meaning of life is to you on your first date with her?
What do you think about a relationship between an Indonesian girl and an Italian guy? Is it possible? We know that those are very different, like night and day.
He broke up with me and sent a friend request to his ex. On the next day, he keeps on calling me after unfriending his ex. What does it mean?
How do you handle your mother and your lovely girlfriend, who soon could be your wife? Whom should you give the first priority over the other?
Should I text this girl, or wait a few months to meet her?
How can I find out if my fiance is engaging in live sex videos when he hides everything?
How do I get over my crush having a girlfriend?
Is asking a girl out in a big way a good idea to get her to say yes?
Do guys like it when a girl wears their hoodie?
How do you ask a girl/lady to have sex with you without being disgraced?
How do I tell someone that I don't want to pursue a relationship with them without hurting their feelings?
Sometimes things take a while to work out. Is this true for relationships?
How would a narcissist respond to being confronted by a "supplier's" partner?
Where can I find more information about a rare heart condition called "Brugada Syndrome"? I found out I have it after my mum was diagnosed two years ago.
My best friends told my crush that I like him, what do I do?
Why do girls develop interest or non-interested for guys within the first minutes of meeting him and nothing that happens afterwards can change that?
What's the risk of asking somebody out who's in a relationship, other than them rejecting you?
How do I know if my boyfriend really cares about me?
"Oh no! She's upset! Let me give her time too cool off." Why are all guys like that?
I always think about having sex with my boyfriend. Is this normal?
Is modern day dating completely hopeless?
Have you ever dated a sikh guy/girl? Share your experience.
How do narcissists respond, when confronted by a supplier's partner? Would she be more likely to deny it and say we are just friends or be boastful?
My housemate stole all my cups, plates, and silverware when he left, then blocked me on FB. How do I legally screw him over for theft?
Is she interested or just thinks of me as a friend?
I like this girl and we've been on dates. Although she denies them, she still goes with me. What does this mean?
How do I impress girls sexually?
How can you know if he is just not that into you?
I’m going out of town for a few days and I just got two kittens. If I leave a lot of food and water will they be okay?
What would make you marry a woman who does not want kids?
I love my work, but I feel it won't let me grow in my career. What should I do?
Is it crazy to ask my boyfriend if he's in it for the long haul?
How can I be sure that a girl has got pink nipples just by looking at her face?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked me how I was doing?
My advisor told me I am fired. Should I continue working with him?
How do I know he's the right guy to marry?
We dated only once and now she says, she misses me? Why?
I haven't heard from my boyfriend since we had an argument (a week ago). He keeps ignoring me, it hurts so bad. What should I do?
Why did a guy send a picture that said “thinking of you” to me?
What if my ex comes back and asks me to marry him again? How should I respond?
Why does my ex who dumped me cry when I call her?
Why hasn't the guy I'm dating contact me ever since he went to his country?
I'm starting to date somebody. Should I delete my online dating accounts?
When you first talked to your partner how did he react?
Have you ever been asked out completely by surprise?
Why do some people always expect me to greet them all the time, girls or even fellas, is that a demonstration of power or self importance?
Can girls become interested in a guy after not being interested in him? Feelings can change, right?
This girl says stuff to me like "you should take me skating" and "Friday is the best night to go out". Are these signs that she wants me to ask her out?
How can a guy increase his flirting skills?
How do I make a girl ready for sex?
I embarassed myself in front of my crush? Is it really that bad? What should I do?
What should I do if I am not in love with someone who is madly in love with me? We dated and it did not go too well.
My boyfriend wants to go to Israel one day. What should he expect when he gets there?
Why would an ex or crush even attempt to play games with a person?
What reasons can I give my future husband if he asks me why I am not a virgin? I dont want to tell him the truth.
Why do girls always like you when you're taken?
What does it mean when your bf keeps asking you to be intimate?
A friend wants me to meet a girl to date, but I think she is too fat. How can I exit this nicely?
Does a woman who asks a man out on a date seem desperate, thus making the man less likely to say yes?
What qualities do women look for dating?
How do you deal with rejection from someone after telling them you are transgender?
When you finally find a girl that likes you, do you not care about all the other girls that rejected you?
Does a break up between two friends hurt more than a break up between a romantically engaged couple?
When is it too young for girls to have sex?
We went on two dates, how should I plan the third one? We went to an open market on the first and hiking on the second. We only hugged once.
How can I be at peace with my great relationship coming to an end?
How do I transition from being single to being in a relationship with someone?
Is there anything wrong with loving to be a slob?
Do you think that it's rare to find someone that actually loves you for you and accepts you for who you are?
How can I know if my wife loves me for real?
What is the culture of India about dating?
Why do guys seem like they lose interest in me when I'm actually nice and show interest back?
Do indian girls like to date a car guy?
Is it fair to break up with my girlfriend because her school has started and she won't give me as much time as she used to give me before?
Why would a man who I know liked me, but is damaged from a divorce/ex and not relationship ready, care if he is my rebound or not?
What is the relationship called that is more than friendship and less than love?
Should I marry a good person even if I am not in love with him?
What should I do after breaking up?
There's someone I can't stop thinking about even though I have no romantic attraction to them. Why could this be happening?
How does it feel when your mom gives you the blind stare (means she see's you but she doesn't)?
How can I know if this guy is genuine or just playing or is a scammer?
As a bisexual female, how do I approach relationships with other women?
Me and my boyfriend fight because of immaturity. How can I be mature enough for our relationship?
What do I do when my boyfriend gets offended by tiny little things all the time?
I can't talk to my crush and it's driving me insane. How do I talk to her?
Why am I attracted to men older than 50 if I am an adult male?
I’m from Italy and he’s from Texas. I met him on an exchange program. Should I break up with him? And if yes, how?
Should I express my feelings to my best friend?
What are some of the problematic behaviors in relationship being presented as romantic and/or declaration of love in media?
Is it a good idea to tell a person that you're gonna ask them out before you ask them out?
What does it mean if I'm the only one who’s initiating conversations or meet-ups?
What's the reason if a boy does whatever a girl wants but tries to avoid it after some time?
How do you get mild BPD men to completely detach from a relationship that they believe they control?
Do guys prefer dating girls that have a higher education than themselves as much as girls prefer dating someone that has a higher education than theirs?
What is the simple meaning of, “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
Why does girls don't say a direct no. Instead they say you got pure heart but I don't deserve you?
If your parents ask you to leave your girlfriend, what will you do?
Why does a guy turn me down despite the fact that I'm an Oxford student?
How does it feel when a girl chat with you daily and after some days she stops chatting with you?
Is it normal if your partner's certain habit irritates you? My girlfriend is a little clingy and it irritates me sometimes. Is that normal?
How do I improve myself so that girls want to have sex with me?
What does it mean when a guy says I'm cute?
How should you consider your lover?
My boyfriend doesn't help me clean up, pay bills or look after the animals. What can I do to get him to help?
Guys, what was your best "player move" back in the day?
I’m a 15-year-old boy and I crave love and affection with a girl. I need to hug and cuddle etc. I don’t have a girlfriend. What do I do?
Should you split up with your partner if they want you to be Christian but you don't want that?
How do I know if a shy guy might be interested without ever talking to me in general?
Suppose you meet an equally caring person while you are in a relationship. Will you go with this new person?
Why am I always dreaming about a person I like. Is it possible he might also be thinking of me?
What is love supposed to do for you, and what does that tell you about the limits of a loving relationship?
Why will a man blame his partner about an incident that is not at all true, after making a trust-related mistake?
If a guy likes a girl, what is the likelihood of him liking her again?
Would you date someone you came across on Quora?
What should I do if my boyfriend is very annoying?
Why should you never ask out a friend of a girl that rejected you?
There is a girl whom I like. She comes to the park daily, but the problem is she comes with a lady, what should I do? How do I approach her?
So I tend to like guys who have no chance of ever liking me back. And that depresses me alot. How do I deal with it?
How can anyone know for sure if they are in love?
What makes someone stay in a narcissistic relationship when they know in their heart that they're in a bad place?
If a woman before actually talking to you deeply, she decided to let her family know you're talking to her. Is it a good sign she wants you?
How can a boy propose to a girl?
Why don't girls make it clear that they like me?
I had a childhood crush on Michael Jackson, is it wrong?
Why do Indian guys try to use Quora like it's a dating website? Don't they know it's not for that purpose?
Can someone propose a challenge to me?
As a man, how does it feel to be rejected by a woman who you opened your heart to?
Has your ex-girlfriend tried to have sex with you?
How can I date 2 girls in the same time if they work together?
In Russia, how would you say "you're cute" to a girl, and how would you say "you're cute" to a boy?
Does she not love me?
Are girls more likely to hang out with a guy who's interested if he just says it's hanging out instead of saying it's a date?
If some stranger girls make too much eye contact while passing beside me, is she attracted to me?
How do I know that girls like me?
Is it a good idea to ask my girlfriend out again?
Why are girls ok with their boyfriends controlling them and telling them who they can and can't talk to?
After a month of dating, we became exclusive. I've changed my mind. I told him that I want us to become friends with benefits. Is that right?
Why do Taiwanese girls always say they don't have time when I ask them out?
Do you think I have any hope of finding someone who will at least like me (romantically)?
Why are some girls uncomfortable with talking to other guys when they have a boyfriend?
This girl I've been talking to suddenly asked me out, what should I do?
Would you ask your date why he/she didn't want to go out again after the second date? What did they say when you asked?
Is she interested in me or does she just think of me as a friend?
What is it like to date an Asansol Patrician?
Can an Indian guy and girl hug each other if they are happy even though they are just friends?
What should someone call his/her future fiancee/fiance as 'AAP' or 'tum'?
I really like this guy and he's a good friend of mine. But he is in love with this other girl that he is also waiting for. What should I do?
What was challenging in your transition from dating to marriage?
Can one crush on someone when he or she has a lover?
I am 21. But I don't have a girlfriend. What should I do?
How can I make my boss like me again after I failed her?
What should one do if he/she is treated or kept as an option by a person that he/she loves very much?
What is it like meeting up with your childhood sweetheart after a long time?
My boyfriend is a trainee, and will be debut soon. We need to break up, but I just can't let him go. What should I do?
What do I do if my crush's mom hates me?
How could I get over my ex?
What does it mean when a guy says “make me want you more” during intimate moments?
If I was meaner than I meant to be when I broke up, should I apologize?
Can I get an ARV even if I just want it only?
How can I get a girl to fall in love with me? What are the qualities that enable you to do that?
Why was Allah so cruel to 6-year-old Ayesha and make her a bride to a 52-year-old man?
What are my chances of pursuing someone who is gay but is not that interested in me?
Why do girls flirt with me but don't want to have sex with me?
How do you react when someone says she loves animals, particularly dogs in this case, way more than human?
Can an ugly guy like me impress a girl?
Should I hide my Tinder page from my ex if I want him to get back?
A girl I am with won't let go of the thought that I am "too good" for her, and she constantly tries to convince me of it. What do I do?
How long before an ex who dumped you but did not want a relationship misses you?
How can I control my boyfriend without him knowing?
Is it very rare to find a girl with both physical beauty and good at heart?
Why would a girl not know my name if I’ve told her a thousand times, and I show up a lot?
How can I stop feeling that no one will ever love me or want me romantically?
Have girls ever rejected a guy and found that he ended up getting another girl shortly afterwards?
Is it sad that I'm 18 and still watch how to get a girlfriend videos?
How do I get over my love for my lifelong best friend because I'm terrified to tell her?
Should I date a nice girl who I get along really well but lost her virginity at age 15 with the guy I dislike?
Why would he flirt with other girls in front of me?
My friend told his crush he loved her, but she didn't know how to feel. His friend told her the same, and it seemed to go better. What should he do?
What should I do if the girl I love is suddenly avoiding me?
Is it a turnoff for girls when a guy has been rejected by a lot of girls?
How do you know whether a girl likes you or not?
Is it good to give a manicure set to a girl?
Is there someone who got married in arranged marriage but she doesn't like her husband at all but his family is really very good and perfect?
Do I have the right to tell a dean about my ex-girlfriend being technically sexually assaulted? Is that what a real friend would do? She said not to.
I am dating a man who is 12 years older than me. Father's Day is coming up. What is an appropriate gift to get him to do with his kids?
I'm going to see my father for the first time, what should I say to him?
Does moving in together mean a relationship?
How do you differentiate between being a masculine woman and a man?
I love a girl but her English is far better than mine. What should I do as I feel embarrassed and will she reject me if I confess?
My crush is going to a different high school. I'm sad and really wanted to get to know him. Should I try to talk to him or leave it?
How do I ask my ex boyfriend what's really going through his head?
I am 55 years old and have never met my "soul mate". Should I give up hope?
How do I know if somebody likes me?
How can I seduce a tomboy? I really like this girl but she is not like other girls. You can check the description for her uniqueness.
How easy is it to prosecute statutory rape?
How can I overcome the feeling of not wanting to study in the very last month after I’ve been preparing for it for almost a year?
How have you got over your ex you dumped and then you happened to see him/her dating again?
Does Mdm Kim have any moral consciousness of her marital status when she is alone by herself?
After how many months the "I'm in love with her" phase turns into "I love her"?
How do I know when a boy likes me?
Should I stop being annoyed that my boyfriend calls another woman "baby"?
Why isn't he interested in coming back to me again, even when I told him I changed my mind about sex? Why can't I seem to forget him?
What should I do if my father gets attracted to me?
What is your opinion if a girl has a male best friend?
A man who finds another woman attractive says he is unable forget her. Can such a man really love his wife or be faithful to her?
Is being physically intimate with one woman then having sex with another on the same day and lying about it being disrespectful to her?
What does it mean when my ex still talks to me about getting physically intimate? I discourage him but he laughs it off saying he is just having fun
What is the best way to meet a man?
If you find out that your ex-boyfriend (who was going to buy you a ring) was nailed by his colleague, what would you say to that girl?
Louise (FoZ) somehow summons Magnus (WH40k) as her familiar, though he, of course, is not going to be such a thing. What does he do to Halkeginia?
How can you tell when your lady is seeing someone else?
What do you do when your lover tells you getting away from him was too easy?
What are the telling signs of someone loving you if he or she is already with someone?
Ending a conversation which I am talking to someone I liked is hard for me. I'm waiting her to end the conversation. What is the reason behind it?
When do you know when to stop chasing someone you love?
What happens if you have feelings with one of your teachers, like a relationship?
How do I tell a girl to stop giving signals and I'm not interested in her?
Do you stay with the love of your life even when it feels like there's no hope left?
What will you do when your superior ignores your feelings because she is busy with computer work?
My girlfriend thinks I should tell her everything that happens in my life whenever they happen. What should I do?
Why do girls realize the importance of their parents after they have a breakup, while lying to them during the relationship?
Why is marriage necessary for a man and a woman, logically?
Why are me and my ex still so close after our breakup?
Would you walk away from a relationship where the partner has child support arrears?
Are girls the ones to whom we should teach dos and don'ts?
What do I do about my probably-straight crush?
If someone on Quora asked you out to see a movie or go to a disco, would you consider it?
Why would a divorced man get back together with his ex-wife right after dating me and then realizing that it wasn't going to work?
Every time I am alone for a long time, I feel like I am losing my mind. What is wrong with me?
If I can't get a girlfriend, is it because I'm not trying hard enough?
Where can I find an uploaded voiceover saying 'I'm a banana guy'?
How can I get taller? My parents are not that short and I'm 16. All my friends are younger than me and they are like Hulk next to me.
How do I make my male teacher have a crush on me? I am 17 and female.
I fell in love with a divorced man. He is shy and introverted. He denied my proposal. What should I do now?
If a guy asks out a girl and she says no, why do people think it's wrong for him to ask out other girls? Shouldn't he accept that no means no and move on?
Is it immoral for a 30-year-old man to seduce an 18-year-old girl?
If a girl almost avoids you the morning after the night you kissed her, does that mean she doesn't want you?
I'm in relationship with a girl who doesn't seem to be quite into me. Frustrated & stressed by it, I'm unable to focus on anything else. What do I do?
Is it wrong to ask a woman out, unless she is on a dating site or is referred by a friend?
Someone very close told me they were sexually active. This came as a shock to me. How do I come to terms with it? I feel very weird.
Why do girls behave in a jealous and immature about their husbands, and don’t allow him to go out with a friend or talk to her in-laws?
What should I do if my crush had a boyfriend?
Can I marry a woman who is richer than me?
How would you know that your female friend isn't sexually attracted to you? But she wants to hang out all the time.
Is telling your date you're bisexual a turn off to them, particularly if they're straight?
How do I realize if I'm in the wrong relationship?
Why did my friend ask me if his girlfriend is attractive?
How can I stop bragging to my friends about the girls I date? I know it's because of my need to be accepted, but I would like to change. What can I do?
Have you ever gotten back with an ex, when you thought 100% that would never happen?
How do I confess to my teacher that I've liked him for half a month already? He is now a student studying Law and our ages are 7 years apart.
How would you feel about your adult son dating a woman with Aspergers?
Why should I even bother with girls if I have always been rejected by them?
What does your boyfriend think of ZhangIntyre?
Can a girl make herself anorexic?
So for the last day of school I went up to the girl I liked and told her that I thought she was cute. Should I have said something else too?
If the Queen wanted a Bugatti Chiron, could she get it even if they have been sold out and if so, would she have to pay for it?
What is some advice for a teen who’s trying to take a real relationship all the way to marriage and beyond?
How should I accept the harsh truth of my life that she will never be with me?
How do I tell my boyfriend that he's out of shape?
How can I get my ex-girlfriend back from her new boyfriend?
When does love happen? Why does it happen? I was friends with someone for a long time, “just friends” friends, but then suddenly, out of nowhere, I loved.
How do you tell your boyfriend he needs to change?
What do you call a woman who uses her body to earn attention?
Is it normal for a 32-year-old man to have been dumped by 28 women?
Do you believe that loving someone, is giving everything for him?
What is the benefit of having a girlfriend?
Why would someone make private their relationship status on FB? Especially when you can link to their partner that says married?
Should you split up with your partner if they want you to become Christian?
Where can I find someone who is single and who wants to be in a relationship?
What are some good places to pick up/meet new girls in Mumbai?
Im taking a girl out in Birmingham for the day for a date where shall we go as its our 4th date?
She always responds to my WhatsApp messages, but not to my Facebook messages. She is always online on Facebook. Should I leave her?
I am looking for large posters of world wine regions. However, I'm not very well off. Is there a way to get these affordably?
What does it mean when I dream about being rejected by a girl I like for my friend?
I'm in talks with a potential employer but when ever I talk to him I feel sunken, like someone died. Should I consider this as a signal?
Do Leo women come back after breakups?
What is the best experience about crush that trolls you like hell?
What does it mean when a friend's boyfriend hugs me from behind when she's not around?
Is "sure" a definite yes when asking a girl to date you?
My girlfriend is constantly in debt and I am always dragging her out. How do I help?
Does my crush like me back? If so, what should I do next?
This newfound girl used to be pretty responsive over my messages but these days she just reads, why?
What do you do if you're a straight man who prefers playing the passive role in dating?
Is this relationship going to work out?
How do you handle a dumb girlfriend, if you're a geek?
How different are you and your boyfriend?
Is it me or is Selina's meanness amped up in Veep season 6? I found her quite endearing previously but now she seems too obnoxious and unlikable.
When a man says he'll always have love for you, what does that mean?
What is a good way to flirt with a girl without seeming weird?
What should I do if my girlfriend has left me?
Can we marry an unsettled guy for whom we may have to compromise our own career?
I got a crush on this Indian guy who's a Christian. We don't talk but he happens to be joining a Christian college. What should I do?
I broke up with a narcissist last year. Why do I feel so compelled to read so much literature on the condition?
How do I shock a person with ASPD who believes he has me under control? How can I prove to him that I know what he is without being frank about it?
What do girls think about one-sided lovers? Do girls actually feel sympathatic for them or just creepy?
What would you ask a matchmaker?
Am I cheating on my husband if it's with a girl?
Why am I always interested in girls that aren't interested in me?
A friend is having his wedding in the US and he wants me to attend. He is ready to sponsor my visa. What all documents should I ask from him?
What is a rejection to you, any kind of rejection, professional or personal?
Is it a good idea to tell your partner that you cheated?
If you fancied a girl, then she went a bit mental and called you loads of times and tried to kill herself, would you never talk to her again?
Yesterday, I came to know that my boyfriend has been cheating on me for two months. What should I do?
Should you take time to get your life in order before you begin a relationship?
How do I keep myself on her mind?
What is the best way to sign off romantic?
I asked a guy I like if he wanted to hang out sometime, and he just shrug his shoulders. What does that mean? (I had never talked to him before)
I have fallen for this guy's personality but he is a big time jerk. Is it normal to fall for a jerk's personality?
I'm in love with a girl. What's the next step?
Does humility work in relationships?
What would a person feel when he realizes he cannot do the things he used to be great at?
How do girls know whether they're interested in you or not within the first few minutes of meeting you?
What does it mean when my crush is lusting me?
How can I get my boyfriend to trust I won't judge him if he opens up to me about his past?
Is it unreasonable to dislike someone who likes your former crush?
How do I ask out a girl at the gym?
Does it mean anything when a guy asks you if you're still awake?
My boyfriends dad doesn't like me at all. How should I handle this?
When should a girl ask to define the relationship to avoid being strung along?
Why would a man say you’re in his heart but wants to go out and flirt with other girls?
Which one should one select for a girl, a good, loving family or only a career?
My friend frequently tries to find new romances with new boys. He always acts like the next person can be someone special but soon ditches them. Why?
Is a man genuinely interested in a woman if he says he crazily loves her but tacitly avoids meeting in real life and brings up excuses on this pretext?
How can I trust my partner?
Is it wrong to ask out a girl that I know doesn't like me back?
How can I grow some balls and talk to a girl I like?
What is your advice to partners of porn actors worried about their ability to satisfy him/her knowing he/she has had experiences with professionals?
What is the best method you tried in order to get over a breakup?
What’s the meaning of a guy’s smiles and head shake?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked “How am I doing?” and I responded “Great.” with a smile. What's wrong with that?
One of my friends likes a boy. He knows, and when I joked and said "Oh, he totally likes you," he seemed a bit bothered by it. Should I do anything?
I just met a guy and wish to date him. What do I do?
How should I confess to a girl, if at all?
What is anonymousemail.me?
What do I do if a guy keeps saying he loves me?
Why do you think Princess Diana chose to date Muslim men as the last 2 romantic relationships of her life?
Are girls more likely to be interested in a guy who's never had a girlfriend before?
Why is he lying to me about small and unimportant things? When I catch him, he denies it.
What’s wrong with me? Do I have anxiety? (I’m a 17-year-old guy.)
If I approach and talk to a girl and she seems uncomfortable around me, is it my fault or is she just shy?
My girlfriend's birthday is next week. Now I'm broke. What token gift can I buy her that she will like?
Is it OK to marry a girl that has slept with men too many times?
What should I do when a relationship becomes complicated?
How can I make my husband to love me back after he caught me cheating on him?
How should I talk to guy that I never really spoke to? What do I say without making him lose interest?
What's your favourite thing about your boyfriend?
What’s the easiest way to ask a girl out?
How long should you wait after ending a relationship, before dating again?
How should I treat my ex-girlfriend after breaking up?
How do I make a guy actually interested in me instead of sexually interested in me?
When should I give up on my girlfriend?
My mother gets immense pain in the heel every time she is out for a long time. Is there anything she could do on her own for it?
Why do interviewers always say that they will give me an answer before a specific date, but most of the time I never hear from them again?
Would it ever be okay to ask someone out that you've already asked out before?
Why do I keep getting friend zoned?
My ex boyfriend told my friend (when he was drunk) he was with me only for sex. How can somebody act they're in love, just to get what they want?
How do you move on and get over someone who you like, but shows no interest in you?
How do I go about asking my ex boyfriend what is holding him back?
How do introverts get a girlfriend?
How do I convince my girlfriend's family that I'm the best guy to marry her, given that she belongs to a Muslim family and I’m Hindu?
Why do girls talk about a guy after rejected them?
How can I approach someone who doesn't know me?
Is it possible to find a guy who does not think of sex all the time but who can think of romance as something emotional, too and not just physical?
What are signs that an outgoing guy is actually insecure? My crush acts confident but why won't he talk to me?
Are polyamorous relationships healthier?
Can I ask out a girl who my friend asked out, not knowing I liked her? She told him she would think about it, but she acts uninterested. She hints for me to ask her out.
How can I build up my ability to speak up in my relationship?
How can a guy after breakup prevent being attracted to anyone?
What should I answer when my boyfriend asks, "What can I do for him"?
Is it too creepy that I graphologically analyzed my crush's handwriting, drew her twice, and personality-analyzed her, with her knowing?
I wanna date an IITian, how could I approach one?
How do I ask a girl for her number if I don't know her that well? I got a limited amount of time to ask her before I can't see her for awhile.
She doesn't like to talk more. How can she build that confidence in herself to talk with strangers and convince him to get married with her?
Is liking guys who are loners, smart and have no life, bad?
What should a girl do if she is in love with a stranger and cannot get over from his thoughts?
How can I make someone realize that they love someone badly?
Is it wrong for a girl to propose to a guy she likes?
Can a hopeless romantic and a blunt realist ever have a healthy relationship?
Is it normal for a 32 year old man to have been dumped by 28 women?
What should I do if a girl controls me sexually?
I have a friend who wants to cut. Should I stop him or encourage him?
A couple weeks ago I asked a girl out over text message, and she said she'll let me know when she is free. She never did. What does this mean?
Would it be possible for me to find a future girlfriend that would love to financially support me via Internet dating/online dating?
I'm madly in love with someone, who's using me & confessed it too, but I'm unable to accept it. What should I do?
There's girl whom I like she daily comes to the park but the problem is she comes with a lady, how should I approach her?
Are 1 on 1 hangouts with the opposite sex considered "dates?"
Why and how could someone who says that he or she loves you break up with you the very next day?
A girl says she's in love with me over text, so how do I make her fall even more in love with me?
How can I get him to feel comfortable and regain his trust when I broke his heart and rejected in the worst possible way?
Is it rude to tell a girl you don't care if she looks bad?
How do I treat a girl who entertains her boyfriend’s friends better than her own boyfriend?
Why am I never anyone's first choice?
How do I get my sister to pay me a huge amount of money that she owes me because she doesn't want to pay up?
Why are there more breakups nowadays?
How do I get my man back?
What did men want in a relationship the most?
What should I do if a girl tries to not love me but when I text her daily, we have had long conversations?
What was your relationship with your boyfriend like in the beginning?
How do you say, "Either the boy or the girl has done this" in Chinese?
What do girls think about cars?
How can I find out if a guy is attracted to me?
Does relationship with physical contact last long?
Why do guys fail to reply on marriage portals when messaged?
Over which topics should a couple in a relationship talk about?
How can I make an introvert girl like me?
What should I do if I found my sister secretly sending nudes to a guy who may or may not be her boyfriend?
Is it ok to go on a date with two different people?
Why can't I stop thinking about my male friend, even when I'm not romantically interested in him?
Does Yami think she is beautiful?
How do I move on from the guy I was exclusively dating?
How would you describe someone who should most strongly consider a dating website?
What should I do if I love two people at the same time?
What does it mean when a guy looks at you when you’re not looking, and then when you look at him, he snaps his head back to what he was doing?
How should I let a girl know that I like her?
I am not able to meet one particularly guy in person, help needed (See comment)?
If my crush talks to a lot of girls and doesn't try to talk to me, why did he talk to a girl about me staring at him?
Does the success of rich men dating websites conclusively prove that the majority of women are gold diggers?
Does a relationship with a BPD woman get shorter each time she recycles with the same partner?
What do I do when a guy I met online today keeps saying he loves me?
What exactly goes on in a girl's mind when she is on her period? Also what steps should a boyfriend/husband take to keep her happy?
Do bisexuals perceive masculine and feminine beauty the same way? When you see a hot girl and a hot guy do you get the same type of tingles?
We've been together for 4 years and it's quite late that I've found out that he had been chatting with his ex during our first 2 years. Should I get angry?
How do I ask a girl for a date?
How does a fat kid get a girlfriend?
Is it possible that my boyfriend has chances of death because I'm mangy?
He is seeing someone else. I can't take this pain. Why has my narcissistic husband abandoned me and made no contact?
What is a date like?
I don't have any male friend like every girl has. Is it so why I am mostly ignored?
What can I do or say to get him back with the same amount of hurt as he has hurt me?
What is the worst relationship advice you can ever give?
Are most guys superficial? I just want the truth. Is it all about looks?
How do I decline an invitation from my brother's girlfriend?
How do I calm my best friend when she's crying like "wooah," and she won’t tell me the reason either?
How can I confirm the BITSAT test date? My initial date is tomorrow, but I’ve requested it for the 30th.
How do I ask for a discount from online dating coach?
How come guys promise some things, but never mean it? It hurts, you know?
What is the best way to make yourself want to be single and be happy while single when you long for a serious relationship?
My crush always tries to get my attention, stares at me and when I like his pics he always likes mine right back a minute later, is he flirting?
I recently had sex with my girlfriend after a year, as I was away for a year. I ejaculated in less than three minutes. What should I do about this?
In a relationship, should the guy or the girl call more often?
What is the correct way to have a good relationship, especially if we do not talk that often?
My friend posted something on Facebook that said, "if you text me just to ask how my kid and I are doing I won't text back." Why?
She betrayed me, but still she wants to be with me, but she also loves him. What should I do?
Is it healthy to want to be in a relationship with someone despite the lack of feelings towards them?
A guy I used to date and who said he loves me acts depressed when I see him out. Why?
What would you think of a guy who left his girlfriend because of her horrific past? She was sexually harassed. She trusted him, but he left.
What do you do when a girl leads you on and you can't get over her?
Is it normal when I say I love my GF but I like some other girl's qualities more than my GF’s?
What am I suppose to do after she broke up with me?
Is it wrong to break up with a girl because you know she's not for you, even if she is very good to you?
What are 10 quick reasons for rejecting a guy on an arranged marriage date?
What's it like to live in Darwin, Australia, for a single, 30-year-old guy?
Is a Leo girl good for an Aquarian boy?
How do you make a girl fall for you in a long distance?
How can I be sure that he’s not cheating on me through his phone?
How do I make my parents and my girl friend’s parents accept my love relation? I am a jobless person.
How do I deal with my ex's anger? How should I tell him to stop harassing me?
What do you think is the difference between love (love we make) and sex?
How hard is it to choose a career over a girlfriend?
Why is it that, when I get close to a girl, I push them away?
What's the easiest way to get over a girl you like/love?
Can I find a man who appreciates me? (I'm a woman)
What is the best way to act around a girl who you like?
Is it a confidence builder to go for a girl who's out of your league?
A long distance friend, (who is like a brother) and I have feelings for each other. But he is in love with another girl, and seems cold. What to do?
Why does she want me to stay in her life while she loves someone else?
How do I tell a beautiful perfectionist girl, that she is great?
Is this guy cheating if he brings his cell phone to the bathroom every time he smokes in there? He seems to read and text someone in the bathroom.
Should I continue something I've informally committed to? What should I choose? My career or the feelings of my girlfriend?
Why don't I have a girlfriend? I am a nice guy with a great job, but I don't have the gift of looks.
Why is it that this girl doesn't show interest in me until after she rejected me?
My girlfriend is giving me mixed signals and has mood swings. What should I do?
How do I convince my best friend to leave her boyfriend? Both say they love each other but keep fighting every minute and it's ruining her life and career.
Should I impress my girlfriend's family?
When speaking Japanese, don't you feel weird using the word kanojo (she or girlfriend)?
Does my boyfriend have the right to force not only me to tell my friend to delete my picture off her Instagram, but also forcing her to do that?
Do married men want to be able to divorce their wives simply by saying the word "divorce" 3 times (she cannot do the same)?
What does it mean when a guy tells you that your voice is beautiful? This was after I said that he had a great voice.
What was your best date?
If you get rejected by a girl, why is it a bad idea to ask out her sister? The first girl shouldn't care because she rejected you.
Honestly, I'm at a loss. I don't know what to do this summer. I just wanna get out of the house. What are your suggestions?
I kissed my friend, we both are into each other before, now he is seeing someone. But he still shows affection to me. What should I do?
(India) Are science students more likely to get a girlfriend?
How do I tell a person that she's annoying me all the time without hurting her feelings?
Does Trump think that he can rule like an old king did, and have only his blood relatives around him? Isn’t this undemocratic?
Is it possible to be in love with 2 guys at the same time?
Is it okay to date my 17 year old step-cousin?
Did Bach not play the 6-part fugue because he thought he couldn't do it on the spot, or for some other reason like the king was a jerk and had bad vibes?
I’m 18, almost 19, and I want to stay at my BF’s house for 1 night. How do I go about asking and explaining why?
Why does kissing feels good? Can you give me some advice about kissing?
If a young woman is wearing clothes that may be exposing her in a way she may not realize, should/how you tell her?
What are some traits older women find attractive about a younger man?
When a girl rejects a guy, why would it be wrong for the girl to ever reconsider? People’s feelings can change.
What happens if a man refuses to leave women alone after he is rejected by them?
If a man is willing to do anything regardless of ethics, can we say he has no bottom line?
Why does a man talk about other women he has been involved with or still want him to a woman he is dating?
My brother asked me do you know how adult people kiss and kissed me on the mouth when I was 4-6 years old and he was 2 years older what should I do?
What are some romantic things you can do while camping with your partner?
I’ve been going out with this guy for a month and we see each other like once a week, never planned, and at his house or at mine. Should I cut him off?
Is there ever a situation where asking someone out is not worth the risk?
How can't you know when an insincere friend is just faking being real?
Should I promise my girlfriend marriage in the future?
How do I handle a guy with no brain?
When asking a girl to prom, is it ok to have another girl in mind in case she says no?
How did you act when you developed a crush?
Does Shweta Gautam have a boyfriend?
I am seeing a shy guy. After our date we haven't had a normal phone call or a continuous text conversation as before. Is he giving me space?
Would you date a guy with a vasectomy? Why or why not? Does it change the game knowing you're dating with no notion of the possibility of kids.
What are the things you did after your break-up?
Some of my friends used to make fun of me and it hurt me. They are rich and I am a topper. I am unable to manage. What should I do?
Has anybody out there fallen in love online, met in person, and continued with a permanent relationship?
What do I do if I want to leave a man who loves me for a man I love?
How do I react to my bf saying he thinks my older sister is hot?
What should you do if your girlfriend is introverted and slightly depressed because she was molested in her childhood?
Why do I feel shattered after my girlfriend left for the US for 3 months even though she told me not to worry and I know she is not the cheating type?
Why does he want a baby but doesn’t want to build a family?
Do girl notice boys?
If someone never shave, what does he look like at various milestones?
How can a fat guy have a girlfriend in India?
Why is it a girl suddenly becomes interested in a guy that has lost interest in her?
Is it hard to have a long distance love and keep each other happy?
What if someone loved you and you knew?
If I get rejected by a girl, how soon should I ask out another girl?
How can a guy say no without getting slapped if a girl proposes?
How do I tell if my crush likes me as a friend or as a girl?
Why does my new boyfriend avoid me when we finally have alone time together?
Guys, when asking out a girl, do you usually know what the answer is going to be before you ask her out?
How can you tell when you like someone?
If you got to know your wife was cheating on you while you guys were dating, what will you do?
Why do girls avoid their female classmates?
Which is the worst scenario, a boy staring at a girl he knows, from afar with a blank expression or a boy talking and flirting with a girl he knows?
We are just 14 years old. What are the best tips for me to have a long and happy relationship with my girl best friend?
An American girl wants to marry a Pakistani guy and wants to move to Pakistan. Is it a good idea?
Is safe flirting liberating for women?
What makes a relationship seem beautiful, contrasting or symmetrical?
What is the truth about your ex-boyfriend?
My crush is into my best friend. What should I do?
How can I move on from a hopeless crush?
Can I tell my boyfriend who he can and can't talk to?
How do you tell a girl you like her over text?
How do I convince my girlfriend that I am not bothered by her health issues?
Can a 13 year old be in love with a 22 year old guy?
What does it mean when a girl who friendzoned you suddenly becomes interested in you?
Do your partner's facial features sometimes bother you? Is it normal?
My ex broke up with me. We dated for a month, but he would tease me and try to talk to me. He also constantly stares, especially when I am not looking. Why is that?
How do I forget a girl whom I love but who rejected me?
I really like this girl. We've been close friends for a year. She has a boyfriend, who is moving to another country in August. What do I do?
How does a 62-year-old widow meet a decent guy?
I'm in a relationship, but I'm starting to like another boy. What do I do?
Why are girls less inclined to be interested in a guy who is interested in her?
How can I make my girlfriend to love me again after she moved on with her first love?
Why do I always attract girls who already have a boyfriend?
A girl wants to fistfight me. What do I do if I am a boy?
When someone asks the name of a beautiful girl you know, most people will answer the name of their girlfriend or wife. So what’s the use of asking that?
Did it ever happen that while in a relationship you got distracted, developed slight feelings for someone else, but now you are happy with your girlfriend?
I want to die. Can you give me a reason not to?
If I ask someone to let me know to whom and what they're talking about, am I being controlling?
Should I hide my Tinder page from my ex if I want him back?
I stopped replying to a Japanese guy, would it be okay if I hit him up again?
Why do girls always succeed in gaining their love but boys don't succeed?
Why do most Indian girls look for well-settled boys, even though these girls are not well-settled themselves?
Does a guy feel scared in this situation?
What can the government do to deal with the likes of Arundhati Roy? I know that she is just the tip of an iceberg, so putting her in prison will not solve anything.
Can I find a man that would love me now and not my money?
How do I know if he is right for marriage?
Do you think you make a great partner for a relationship?
I am socially awkward with girls. How can I change that?
A guy told me that he never had to ask a girl out to figure out if she likes him? How is this possible?
How quickly can a girl know whether she is interested in a guy or not?
How do get close to a guy you like, even if they probably don't like you as anything more than a friend?
I'm in a relationship, but I'm starting to like another guy. What should I do?
One of my old classmates suddenly became a model. She's gorgeous now, but she did have plastic surgery. Where do they find the money?
How do you keep the spice in a relationship without taking it too far/fast?
What is love like from a guy's perspective?
Why can’t men control themselves when a good looking girl passes along the street? Is it anxiety?
Should I tell a potential partner that I'm greysexual?
What does it mean when someone says “either this guy has no game or is simply not interested”? What does it mean, “he has no game”?
How would the dating scene be affected if people took a reverse ageing drug and started getting younger?
How can I make my relationship fun?
What do you do when people think you and the guy you like are dating because you hangout all the time?
What would you do if you extremely liked someone's personality and mind, but you weren't physically attracted to them?
Why do girls gossip about it to their friends after they reject a guy?
What shows that you still love your partner after so many years of staying together?
How romantic is your relationship with your boyfriend?
What do you do if no one asks you out?
What are some good ways to show your interest in your crush without coming off too strong?
How would you respond if a girl asked you what the meaning of life is to you on your first date with her?
What do you think about a relationship between an Indonesian girl and an Italian guy? Is it possible? We know that those are very different, like night and day.
He broke up with me and sent a friend request to his ex. On the next day, he keeps on calling me after unfriending his ex. What does it mean?
How can I find out if my fiance is engaging in live sex videos when he hides everything?
Should I text this girl, or wait a few months to meet her?
How do you handle your mother and your lovely girlfriend, who soon could be your wife? Whom should you give the first priority over the other?
Is asking a girl out in a big way a good idea to get her to say yes?
How do I get over my crush having a girlfriend?
Do guys like it when a girl wears their hoodie?
What does it mean when my male friend avoids eye contact with me, especially when his girlfriend is around?
Should I continue to date him?
Would it be wrong to marry a 37 year old man, when I'm 21 year old woman?
How do you ask a girl/lady to have sex with you without being disgraced?
What can an Indian daughter do if her parents are not ready to give money for her higher education because they want to marry her off?
How do I tell someone that I don't want to pursue a relationship with them without hurting their feelings?
Sometimes things take a while to work out. Is this true for relationships?
How would a narcissist respond to being confronted by a "supplier's" partner?
Where can I find more information about a rare heart condition called "Brugada Syndrome"? I found out I have it after my mum was diagnosed two years ago.
My best friends told my crush that I like him, what do I do?
Why do girls develop interest or non-interested for guys within the first minutes of meeting him and nothing that happens afterwards can change that?
What's the risk of asking somebody out who's in a relationship, other than them rejecting you?
How do I know if my boyfriend really cares about me?
"Oh no! She's upset! Let me give her time too cool off." Why are all guys like that?
I always think about having sex with my boyfriend. Is this normal?
Is modern day dating completely hopeless?
How can I date a woman without feeling like I'm wasting her time?
Have you ever dated a sikh guy/girl? Share your experience.
How do narcissists respond, when confronted by a supplier's partner? Would she be more likely to deny it and say we are just friends or be boastful?
If a girl knows a guy likes her but she doesn't tell him she has a boyfriend, is that leading him on or being dishonest?
My housemate stole all my cups, plates, and silverware when he left, then blocked me on FB. How do I legally screw him over for theft?
Is she interested or just thinks of me as a friend?
I like this girl and we've been on dates. Although she denies them, she still goes with me. What does this mean?
How do I impress girls sexually?
How can you know if he is just not that into you?
I’m going out of town for a few days and I just got two kittens. If I leave a lot of food and water will they be okay?
How can I forget someone who touched and kissed me for the first time in my life?
What can me and my lesbian girlfriend do for my 39th birthday?
What would make you marry a woman who does not want kids?
I love my work, but I feel it won't let me grow in my career. What should I do?
Is it crazy to ask my boyfriend if he's in it for the long haul?
How can I be sure that a girl has got pink nipples just by looking at her face?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked me how I was doing?
My advisor told me I am fired. Should I continue working with him?
How do I know he's the right guy to marry?
We dated only once and now she says, she misses me? Why?
I haven't heard from my boyfriend since we had an argument (a week ago). He keeps ignoring me, it hurts so bad. What should I do?
Why did a guy send a picture that said “thinking of you” to me?
What if my ex comes back and asks me to marry him again? How should I respond?
How does it feel to be a straight guy? Even if you see a guy with his abs showing and muscles pumping you won't feel a thing?
Why does my ex who dumped me cry when I call her?
Laura's sister-stalker isn't her twin, of course. So, who is this sister-stalker and why is she going after the well-spoken Laura Ruhl?
When you first talked to your partner how did he react?
I'm starting to date somebody. Should I delete my online dating accounts?
Why hasn't the guy I'm dating contact me ever since he went to his country?
Have you ever been asked out completely by surprise?
Why do some people always expect me to greet them all the time, girls or even fellas, is that a demonstration of power or self importance?
Can girls become interested in a guy after not being interested in him? Feelings can change, right?
This girl says stuff to me like "you should take me skating" and "Friday is the best night to go out". Are these signs that she wants me to ask her out?
My boyfriend wants to get married and I don't. How do I explain to him that not being married doesn't mean I don't want to commit?
How can a guy increase his flirting skills?
How do I make a girl ready for sex?
I embarassed myself in front of my crush? Is it really that bad? What should I do?
What should I do if I am not in love with someone who is madly in love with me? We dated and it did not go too well.
My boyfriend wants to go to Israel one day. What should he expect when he gets there?
Why would an ex or crush even attempt to play games with a person?
What reasons can I give my future husband if he asks me why I am not a virgin? I dont want to tell him the truth.
Why do girls always like you when you're taken?
What does it mean when your bf keeps asking you to be intimate?
A friend wants me to meet a girl to date, but I think she is too fat. How can I exit this nicely?
Is playing a trick necessary in a relationship?
Does a woman who asks a man out on a date seem desperate, thus making the man less likely to say yes?
When you finally find a girl that likes you, do you not care about all the other girls that rejected you?
How do I tell if my boyfriend has hidden apps on his phone?
What qualities do women look for dating?
How do you deal with rejection from someone after telling them you are transgender?
Is offensive name calling normal in a relationship? To me, it hurts and I don't know how to explain what I feel.
If a girl doesn't feel the same way about a guy, is it wrong for her to give the guy a chance so maybe things can work out?
Does a break up between two friends hurt more than a break up between a romantically engaged couple?
When is it too young for girls to have sex?
My guy friend is in love with me and I don't feel the same. What should I do?
Does ignoring a girl really makes her closer to you?
Are women more serious and need company badly if they are on dating apps?
What innocuous behavior deterred you from dating someone?
We went on two dates, how should I plan the third one? We went to an open market on the first and hiking on the second. We only hugged once.
How can I be at peace with my great relationship coming to an end?
How do I transition from being single to being in a relationship with someone?
Is there anything wrong with loving to be a slob?
Do you think that it's rare to find someone that actually loves you for you and accepts you for who you are?
I prefer not to have sex, should I say this before the first date?
I've liked this boy for 9 months already and he rejected me 3 times, and I can't seem to get over him. How do I stop my feelings for him?
Why do guys seem like they lose interest in me when I'm actually nice and show interest back?
How can I know if my wife loves me for real?
What is the culture of India about dating?
Do indian girls like to date a car guy?
What are the best ways to propose to a girl in a dramatic way or a film-like style?
Is it fair to break up with my girlfriend because her school has started and she won't give me as much time as she used to give me before?
How do I forget my girl friend, who is ignoring me and who is working in the same office?
What does it mean when a guy tells you he likes you but doesn’t talk to you after that?
Why would a man who I know liked me, but is damaged from a divorce/ex and not relationship ready, care if he is my rebound or not?
What is the relationship called that is more than friendship and less than love?
A guy has liked me for 7 years now. I rejected him and he said that I will learn to love him if only I will accept him. Should I give him a chance?
Should I marry a good person even if I am not in love with him?
Why do some people enter into an open relationship?
What should I do after breaking up?
There's someone I can't stop thinking about even though I have no romantic attraction to them. Why could this be happening?
How does it feel when your mom gives you the blind stare (means she see's you but she doesn't)?
How can I know if this guy is genuine or just playing or is a scammer?
Are there fake girl profiles on the dating app Tinder or are there some genuine girl profiles who want to hook up and date a guy?
Me and my boyfriend fight because of immaturity. How can I be mature enough for our relationship?
As a bisexual female, how do I approach relationships with other women?
What do I do when my boyfriend gets offended by tiny little things all the time?
I can't talk to my crush and it's driving me insane. How do I talk to her?
What do guys do or talk about during nights out at a friend's place?
A girl in my class has accused me of something I didn't do. She turns people against me and won't talk to me. What should I do?
Why am I attracted to men older than 50 if I am an adult male?
I’m from Italy and he’s from Texas. I met him on an exchange program. Should I break up with him? And if yes, how?
Is it a good idea to tell a person that you're gonna ask them out before you ask them out?
Should I express my feelings to my best friend?
What are some of the problematic behaviors in relationship being presented as romantic and/or declaration of love in media?
My boyfriend is coming home from serving an 8 year sentence at IDOC. What things should I expect?
What does it mean if I'm the only one who’s initiating conversations or meet-ups?
What's the reason if a boy does whatever a girl wants but tries to avoid it after some time?
How do you get mild BPD men to completely detach from a relationship that they believe they control?
Do guys prefer dating girls that have a higher education than themselves as much as girls prefer dating someone that has a higher education than theirs?
What is the simple meaning of, “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
Why does girls don't say a direct no. Instead they say you got pure heart but I don't deserve you?
If your parents ask you to leave your girlfriend, what will you do?
Why does a guy turn me down despite the fact that I'm an Oxford student?
How does it feel when a girl chat with you daily and after some days she stops chatting with you?
Is it normal if your partner's certain habit irritates you? My girlfriend is a little clingy and it irritates me sometimes. Is that normal?
When a man asks his girlfriend "who was that guy", why does the phrase feel very different from "who was that girl" when a girl asks her boyfriend?
How do I improve myself so that girls want to have sex with me?
What does it mean when a guy says I'm cute?
My boyfriend doesn't help me clean up, pay bills or look after the animals. What can I do to get him to help?
How should you consider your lover?
Guys, what was your best "player move" back in the day?
If a girl only Snapchats me a picture of her but never puts it in her story, does it mean she likes me?
I’m a 15-year-old boy and I crave love and affection with a girl. I need to hug and cuddle etc. I don’t have a girlfriend. What do I do?
Should you split up with your partner if they want you to be Christian but you don't want that?
How do I know if a shy guy might be interested without ever talking to me in general?
Suppose you meet an equally caring person while you are in a relationship. Will you go with this new person?
Why am I always dreaming about a person I like. Is it possible he might also be thinking of me?
What is love supposed to do for you, and what does that tell you about the limits of a loving relationship?
It is necessary to tell my new boyfriend about my ex?
Why will a man blame his partner about an incident that is not at all true, after making a trust-related mistake?
If a guy likes a girl, what is the likelihood of him liking her again?
If a girl is stupid enough to love a boy, even if the boy breaks her heart, what should the boy do?
Why are girls so controlling in a relationship?
Would you date someone you came across on Quora?
What can I do if I don't love a guy like he does?
Why should you never ask out a friend of a girl that rejected you?
What should I do if my boyfriend is very annoying?
There is a girl whom I like. She comes to the park daily, but the problem is she comes with a lady, what should I do? How do I approach her?
So I tend to like guys who have no chance of ever liking me back. And that depresses me alot. How do I deal with it?
How can anyone know for sure if they are in love?
What makes someone stay in a narcissistic relationship when they know in their heart that they're in a bad place?
How do I tell a person that I am not interested in chatting without hurting their feelings?
If a woman before actually talking to you deeply, she decided to let her family know you're talking to her. Is it a good sign she wants you?
Do women like car guys?
What does it mean when a guy talks about his family upon first meeting?
How can a boy propose to a girl?
Why don't girls make it clear that they like me?
If I get rejected by a girl, is it ok to pursue her best friend?
I had a childhood crush on Michael Jackson, is it wrong?
How do I spot a cheater on the first date?
Can someone propose a challenge to me?
As a man, how does it feel to be rejected by a woman who you opened your heart to?
Why do Indian guys try to use Quora like it's a dating website? Don't they know it's not for that purpose?
How do you, as an Indian woman, feel when some random guy approaches you? Are there any personal examples with the woman’s reaction to the situation that can be shared?
Has your ex-girlfriend tried to have sex with you?
How can I date 2 girls in the same time if they work together?
In Russia, how would you say "you're cute" to a girl, and how would you say "you're cute" to a boy?
Is it rude/cheesy to kiss a girl's hand as you're introduced?
I got two girls pregnant and need to marry one. Debra's father is a cop while Jane's is a lawyer. How would you choose?
Does she not love me?
Are girls more likely to hang out with a guy who's interested if he just says it's hanging out instead of saying it's a date?
Is it possible to love someone forever who doesn't love you?
If some stranger girls make too much eye contact while passing beside me, is she attracted to me?
How do I know that girls like me?
Is it a good idea to ask my girlfriend out again?
My GF is too short and I feel conscious going out with her. I feel shallow asking this but is it right to leave her for this reason?
If a woman (older than me) replies to everything but personal questions, does that mean she doesn't want me in her life?
Why are girls ok with their boyfriends controlling them and telling them who they can and can't talk to?
What are the signs that show a girl cares about you as more than a friend?
After a month of dating, we became exclusive. I've changed my mind. I told him that I want us to become friends with benefits. Is that right?
Why do Taiwanese girls always say they don't have time when I ask them out?
Do you think I have any hope of finding someone who will at least like me (romantically)?
How can I talk to my crush who is in grade 12 and I am I grade 10? Because he makes the first move and I keep shutting him down and end up regretting it.
Why are some girls uncomfortable with talking to other guys when they have a boyfriend?
This girl I've been talking to suddenly asked me out, what should I do?
Is it mean never to pick up when my mother-in-law calls on the landline, or to ask to speak to her?
Would you ask your date why he/she didn't want to go out again after the second date? What did they say when you asked?
Should I be in a long distance relationship with someone whom I've never met in real life?
Is she interested in me or does she just think of me as a friend?
What is it like to date an Asansol Patrician?
Can an Indian guy and girl hug each other if they are happy even though they are just friends?
How do I get more and how do I get girls to look at me and be interested in me?
There is a boy who is 15 years old, and he is very serious about his relationship. Will his relationship be eternal?
What should someone call his/her future fiancee/fiance as 'AAP' or 'tum'?
I really like this guy and he's a good friend of mine. But he is in love with this other girl that he is also waiting for. What should I do?
Are there places in Guwahati where I can take my girlfriend at 5 am for a romantic and private date?
What was challenging in your transition from dating to marriage?
Can one crush on someone when he or she has a lover?
I am 21. But I don't have a girlfriend. What should I do?
How can I make my boss like me again after I failed her?
What should one do if he/she is treated or kept as an option by a person that he/she loves very much?
What is it like meeting up with your childhood sweetheart after a long time?
Should I cast my pride aside to give someone another chance?
What do I do if my crush's mom hates me?
My boyfriend is a trainee, and will be debut soon. We need to break up, but I just can't let him go. What should I do?
How do I win a girl’s heart?
How could I get over my ex?
When a guy you have never seen gets your number, contacts you, knows everything about you, and says that he likes you, what does this mean?
What does it mean when a guy says “make me want you more” during intimate moments?
If I was meaner than I meant to be when I broke up, should I apologize?
Is it okay to give a phone number to a crush who probably has a crush on me too, or will he judge me?
Can I get an ARV even if I just want it only?
How can I get a girl to fall in love with me? What are the qualities that enable you to do that?
Why was Allah so cruel to 6-year-old Ayesha and make her a bride to a 52-year-old man?
What are my chances of pursuing someone who is gay but is not that interested in me?
How do you react when someone says she loves animals, particularly dogs in this case, way more than human?
Why do girls flirt with me but don't want to have sex with me?
Can an ugly guy like me impress a girl?
Should I hide my Tinder page from my ex if I want him to get back?
What are the chances of me getting a mortgage if I have 3 defaults and 1 late payment on my credit file that are 3 years older or more?
Why do people assume that women have only good reasons for making dating difficult?
A girl I am with won't let go of the thought that I am "too good" for her, and she constantly tries to convince me of it. What do I do?
I’m a 24-year-old female and he's 51. Would you consider this age gap to be "weird"?
How long before an ex who dumped you but did not want a relationship misses you?
How can I control my boyfriend without him knowing?
Is it very rare to find a girl with both physical beauty and good at heart?
Why would a girl not know my name if I’ve told her a thousand times, and I show up a lot?
How can I stop feeling that no one will ever love me or want me romantically?
Have girls ever rejected a guy and found that he ended up getting another girl shortly afterwards?
Is it sad that I'm 18 and still watch how to get a girlfriend videos?
How do I get my (girl) friend back, after I did wrong?
What can a person do so no one likes him anymore?
How do I get over my love for my lifelong best friend because I'm terrified to tell her?
Should I date a nice girl who I get along really well but lost her virginity at age 15 with the guy I dislike?
Why would he flirt with other girls in front of me?
How come he never texts first?
My friend told his crush he loved her, but she didn't know how to feel. His friend told her the same, and it seemed to go better. What should he do?
What should I do if the girl I love is suddenly avoiding me?
Is it a turnoff for girls when a guy has been rejected by a lot of girls?
Why does this guy glancing and staring at me although he knows I've been already taken?
How do you know whether a girl likes you or not?
This guy tells me that he likes me. We have been texting for quite some time. Should I stop texting him first to see if he really means that?
Is it good to give a manicure set to a girl?
What should I do when I feel like my girlfriend is cheating?
Is there someone who got married in arranged marriage but she doesn't like her husband at all but his family is really very good and perfect?
How do I know that my GF really loves me?
Do I have the right to tell a dean about my ex-girlfriend being technically sexually assaulted? Is that what a real friend would do? She said not to.
How can I make a girl I love not hate me?
My ex boyfriend is going to ask me out as a dare from my uncle. Even though he already has a new girlfriend. What should I say?
I am dating a man who is 12 years older than me. Father's Day is coming up. What is an appropriate gift to get him to do with his kids?
I'm going to see my father for the first time, what should I say to him?
Up to what sense is it true that when a person is fed up of his/her family they either study too much or they do some wrong business?
What is the meaning of “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
Does moving in together mean a relationship?
How do you differentiate between being a masculine woman and a man?
I love a girl but her English is far better than mine. What should I do as I feel embarrassed and will she reject me if I confess?
My crush is going to a different high school. I'm sad and really wanted to get to know him. Should I try to talk to him or leave it?
How do I ask my ex boyfriend what's really going through his head?
I love a girl and she loves me, but she has a boyfriend. She tells me that we'll be together one day. Should I stay or should I move on?
I am 55 years old and have never met my "soul mate". Should I give up hope?
How do I know if somebody likes me?
How can I seduce a tomboy? I really like this girl but she is not like other girls. You can check the description for her uniqueness.
How easy is it to prosecute statutory rape?
How can I overcome the feeling of not wanting to study in the very last month after I’ve been preparing for it for almost a year?
If a guy asks out a girl and she says no and then stops talking to him, should the guy feel like he did something wrong?
How have you got over your ex you dumped and then you happened to see him/her dating again?
When is the right time to have sex with your boyfriend?
Does Mdm Kim have any moral consciousness of her marital status when she is alone by herself?
After how many months the "I'm in love with her" phase turns into "I love her"?
How do I know when a boy likes me?
Why isn't he interested in coming back to me again, even when I told him I changed my mind about sex? Why can't I seem to forget him?
Should I stop being annoyed that my boyfriend calls another woman "baby"?
Do you think I might be thinking too much into how MS might be taken by men I have romantic interests in? I've been in a chair for a decade now.
Did Remus Lupin have a girlfriend ever in his life before Tonks? Or was she his first?
What should I do if my father gets attracted to me?
What is your opinion if a girl has a male best friend?
A man who finds another woman attractive says he is unable forget her. Can such a man really love his wife or be faithful to her?
How do I decline an invitation by a girlfriend of my brother?
Is being physically intimate with one woman then having sex with another on the same day and lying about it being disrespectful to her?
What does it mean when my ex still talks to me about getting physically intimate? I discourage him but he laughs it off saying he is just having fun
What is the best way to meet a man?
If you find out that your ex-boyfriend (who was going to buy you a ring) was nailed by his colleague, what would you say to that girl?
Will an IITian be interested in dating a non-IITian girl?
Why does this guy care that I didn't message him?
Louise (FoZ) somehow summons Magnus (WH40k) as her familiar, though he, of course, is not going to be such a thing. What does he do to Halkeginia?
How can you tell when your lady is seeing someone else?
What do you do when your lover tells you getting away from him was too easy?
What are the telling signs of someone loving you if he or she is already with someone?
Should a guy marry a girl who has decided to never consummate the marriage? Should the guy keep up his hopes and get married? Both are good friends.
Ending a conversation which I am talking to someone I liked is hard for me. I'm waiting her to end the conversation. What is the reason behind it?
I broke up with my first love after a year and a month. She’s really happy now and I regret what I’ve done, what should I do?
How do you know if a girl cares about you when she knows you're mad at her?
When do you know when to stop chasing someone you love?
Why do I always feel that my lover sees another man if she is not with me?
Why do I love my friend so much?
What happens if you have feelings with one of your teachers, like a relationship?
What can I do, if my girlfriend gets married?
How do I deal with anxious partner?
How do I tell a girl to stop giving signals and I'm not interested in her?
In a society like India, will a guy be tolerant enough to marry a girl who is much more educated than he is?
Do you stay with the love of your life even when it feels like there's no hope left?
What will you do when your superior ignores your feelings because she is busy with computer work?
My girlfriend thinks I should tell her everything that happens in my life whenever they happen. What should I do?
Why do girls realize the importance of their parents after they have a breakup, while lying to them during the relationship?
Why is marriage necessary for a man and a woman, logically?
Why are me and my ex still so close after our breakup?
Would you walk away from a relationship where the partner has child support arrears?
Are girls the ones to whom we should teach dos and don'ts?
What do I do about my probably-straight crush?
If someone on Quora asked you out to see a movie or go to a disco, would you consider it?
Why would a divorced man get back together with his ex-wife right after dating me and then realizing that it wasn't going to work?
Every time I am alone for a long time, I feel like I am losing my mind. What is wrong with me?
How can I take a relationship from friend helping friend into love?
If I can't get a girlfriend, is it because I'm not trying hard enough?
Where can I find an uploaded voiceover saying 'I'm a banana guy'?
How do I make my male teacher have a crush on me? I am 17 and female.
How can I get taller? My parents are not that short and I'm 16. All my friends are younger than me and they are like Hulk next to me.
If a guy asks out a girl and she says no, why do people think it's wrong for him to ask out other girls? Shouldn't he accept that no means no and move on?
I am single for 11 years. What is wrong with me?
I fell in love with a divorced man. He is shy and introverted. He denied my proposal. What should I do now?
In what ways can you confess to someone?
I love a man, he says he doesn't love me back, but he do so many things for me. What do I do?
Is it immoral for a 30-year-old man to seduce an 18-year-old girl?
Does someone's past matter in a relationship?
If a girl almost avoids you the morning after the night you kissed her, does that mean she doesn't want you?
I'm in relationship with a girl who doesn't seem to be quite into me. Frustrated & stressed by it, I'm unable to focus on anything else. What do I do?
What is the way to find if a girl feels the same as I feel for her?
Is it wrong to ask a woman out, unless she is on a dating site or is referred by a friend?
There's this girl, and when we became friends she said, "I like you as a mate and nothing more," but I never asked her out. Should I give up on her or not?
What does it mean when a guy tells another guy that he’s sexy?
Someone very close told me they were sexually active. This came as a shock to me. How do I come to terms with it? I feel very weird.
I gave a girl a note explaining how I felt about her, and we have texted for a while, but she stopped texting me. Should I confront her about this?
When we say hello to a girl on Facebook and she doesn't reply, what is going in her mind or attitude? Does this mean she doesn’t want to talk to strangers?
Why do girls behave in a jealous and immature about their husbands, and don’t allow him to go out with a friend or talk to her in-laws?
What should I do if my crush had a boyfriend?
How do I break up with someone who is extremely clingy and needy? We've been dating a few weeks and I have spoken to him about it already, to no avail.
Can I marry a woman who is richer than me?
How would you know that your female friend isn't sexually attracted to you? But she wants to hang out all the time.
Is telling your date you're bisexual a turn off to them, particularly if they're straight?
How do I tell my long-distance boyfriend I was molested?
How do I respond or deal with my boyfriend who - not only always assumes he is right, but he actually states his assumptions as fact?
A girl whom I like has been a good friend of mine and I have always helped her a lot. She has a boyfriend. How can I forget her completely?
How do I realize if I'm in the wrong relationship?
Why did my friend ask me if his girlfriend is attractive?
How can I stop bragging to my friends about the girls I date? I know it's because of my need to be accepted, but I would like to change. What can I do?
Have you ever gotten back with an ex, when you thought 100% that would never happen?
What are some thoughts about girls that can make me hate girls? I want to hate girls, because I am wasting time in search of a girl online.
How do I confess to my teacher that I've liked him for half a month already? He is now a student studying Law and our ages are 7 years apart.
How would you feel about your adult son dating a woman with Aspergers?
Why should I even bother with girls if I have always been rejected by them?
What does your boyfriend think of ZhangIntyre?
In a serious relationship, are threesomes a good idea?
Can a girl make herself anorexic?
So for the last day of school I went up to the girl I liked and told her that I thought she was cute. Should I have said something else too?
How can I find my good guy?
If the Queen wanted a Bugatti Chiron, could she get it even if they have been sold out and if so, would she have to pay for it?
What is some advice for a teen who’s trying to take a real relationship all the way to marriage and beyond?
How should I accept the harsh truth of my life that she will never be with me?
How do I tell my boyfriend that he's out of shape?
My boyfriend has 1yr relationship in fb before we met and I think he love the girl what should I do? Requested from Quora 1h ago?
How can I get my ex-girlfriend back from her new boyfriend?
When does love happen? Why does it happen? I was friends with someone for a long time, “just friends” friends, but then suddenly, out of nowhere, I loved.
Is it ever OK to openly tell someone that you are considering dating them just for the sake of experimenting (with relationship styles)?
How do you tell your boyfriend he needs to change?
What do you call a woman who uses her body to earn attention?
Is it normal for a 32-year-old man to have been dumped by 28 women?
Do you believe that loving someone, is giving everything for him?
What is the benefit of having a girlfriend?
Why would someone make private their relationship status on FB? Especially when you can link to their partner that says married?
How the hell can you be just friends with a girl you love with whom you were once in a romantic relationship?
Should you split up with your partner if they want you to become Christian?
Do some older men (married) fantasize about much younger women?
Where can I find someone who is single and who wants to be in a relationship?
Have you ever regretted not asking a girl out?
Do older women want to date younger men?
What are some good places to pick up/meet new girls in Mumbai?
Im taking a girl out in Birmingham for the day for a date where shall we go as its our 4th date?
She always responds to my WhatsApp messages, but not to my Facebook messages. She is always online on Facebook. Should I leave her?
I am looking for large posters of world wine regions. However, I'm not very well off. Is there a way to get these affordably?
Does physical attachment with loved ones cause distance in a relationship?
What does it mean when I dream about being rejected by a girl I like for my friend?
How should I know how much to compromise in a relationship?
I'm in talks with a potential employer but when ever I talk to him I feel sunken, like someone died. Should I consider this as a signal?
Do Leo women come back after breakups?
What is the best experience about crush that trolls you like hell?
What does it mean when a friend's boyfriend hugs me from behind when she's not around?
Do men who are not interested in a relationship state that they are not expressive?
In a fight, I hit my best friend. On Sunday is her birthday dinner, to which she uninvited me. She said that we could talk next week. What should I do?
Who loves first, boys or girls?
Is "sure" a definite yes when asking a girl to date you?
My girlfriend is constantly in debt and I am always dragging her out. How do I help?
What does it mean when a guy texts “have a nice day” after a day of silence?
Does my crush like me back? If so, what should I do next?
Did I overreact when my boyfriend blew me off at the last minute? He does it often. I had an outburst, and I yelled at him for being irresponsible.
This newfound girl used to be pretty responsive over my messages but these days she just reads, why?
What do you do if you're a straight man who prefers playing the passive role in dating?
Is this relationship going to work out?
How do you handle a dumb girlfriend, if you're a geek?
How different are you and your boyfriend?
Did he friendzone me? He said "For as long as we stay friends."
What does it mean when a guy stares and smiles at you while you are out together?
Is it me or is Selina's meanness amped up in Veep season 6? I found her quite endearing previously but now she seems too obnoxious and unlikable.
What if you like a girl who doesn’t want a relationship at the moment?
What are the reasons a guy would share personal family problems with a girl?
What is a good way to flirt with a girl without seeming weird?
What should I do if my girlfriend has left me?
When a man says he'll always have love for you, what does that mean?
Can we marry an unsettled guy for whom we may have to compromise our own career?
You love someone but also you're afraid to lose them so you avoid commitments, relationships, etc. with them. What advice do you have for this?
Does my ex's brother want more than just our friendship if he asked me how I feel about him?
Given the opportunity, would a man worth his salt like to romance an unlimited number of girls or a single girl in his lifetime?
I broke up with a narcissist last year. Why do I feel so compelled to read so much literature on the condition?
I got a crush on this Indian guy who's a Christian. We don't talk but he happens to be joining a Christian college. What should I do?
How do I shock a person with ASPD who believes he has me under control? How can I prove to him that I know what he is without being frank about it?
What do girls think about one-sided lovers? Do girls actually feel sympathatic for them or just creepy?
Who is Alexa Bliss sleeping with in the WWE, because her wrestling skills suck but she keeps being the champ?
What would you ask a matchmaker?
Am I cheating on my husband if it's with a girl?
I am 17 years old and my girlfriend of nine months just broke up with me shockingly and unexpectedly. What do I do now?
Why am I always interested in girls that aren't interested in me?
A friend is having his wedding in the US and he wants me to attend. He is ready to sponsor my visa. What all documents should I ask from him?
What is a rejection to you, any kind of rejection, professional or personal?
Is it a good idea to tell your partner that you cheated?
If you fancied a girl, then she went a bit mental and called you loads of times and tried to kill herself, would you never talk to her again?
Yesterday, I came to know that my boyfriend has been cheating on me for two months. What should I do?
Should you take time to get your life in order before you begin a relationship?
I only talk to a girl when she starts the conversation. Will that make me an arrogant before her?
How do I keep myself on her mind?
Do extroverted guys like extroverted girls?
I asked a guy I like if he wanted to hang out sometime, and he just shrug his shoulders. What does that mean? (I had never talked to him before)
I have fallen for this guy's personality but he is a big time jerk. Is it normal to fall for a jerk's personality?
What is the best way to sign off romantic?
I'm in love with a girl. What's the next step?
Does humility work in relationships?
What would a person feel when he realizes he cannot do the things he used to be great at?
How do girls know whether they're interested in you or not within the first few minutes of meeting you?
What does it mean when my crush is lusting me?
How can I get my boyfriend to trust I won't judge him if he opens up to me about his past?
How do I ask out a girl at the gym?
Is it unreasonable to dislike someone who likes your former crush?
Does it mean anything when a guy asks you if you're still awake?
My boyfriends dad doesn't like me at all. How should I handle this?
When should a girl ask to define the relationship to avoid being strung along?
Why would a man say you’re in his heart but wants to go out and flirt with other girls?
Which one should one select for a girl, a good, loving family or only a career?
My friend frequently tries to find new romances with new boys. He always acts like the next person can be someone special but soon ditches them. Why?
Is it unfair for me to ask my flatmate to at least tell me when she has guests?
Is a man genuinely interested in a woman if he says he crazily loves her but tacitly avoids meeting in real life and brings up excuses on this pretext?
How can I trust my partner?
Is it wrong to ask out a girl that I know doesn't like me back?
How can I grow some balls and talk to a girl I like?
What is your advice to partners of porn actors worried about their ability to satisfy him/her knowing he/she has had experiences with professionals?
What is the best method you tried in order to get over a breakup?
What’s the meaning of a guy’s smiles and head shake?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked “How am I doing?” and I responded “Great.” with a smile. What's wrong with that?
One of my friends likes a boy. He knows, and when I joked and said "Oh, he totally likes you," he seemed a bit bothered by it. Should I do anything?
I just met a guy and wish to date him. What do I do?
How should I confess to a girl, if at all?
Whom should I trust and with whom can I spend my remaining life?
What is anonymousemail.me?
If a girl knows you like her, but thinks you're mad at her, how do you know if she cares?
What do I do if a guy keeps saying he loves me?
Why do you think Princess Diana chose to date Muslim men as the last 2 romantic relationships of her life?
Are girls more likely to be interested in a guy who's never had a girlfriend before?
Why is he lying to me about small and unimportant things? When I catch him, he denies it.
Which places could be really nice to meet your date for the first?
What’s wrong with me? Do I have anxiety? (I’m a 17-year-old guy.)
Why would you not talk to someone who you know really likes you and who is a kind person inside?
If I approach and talk to a girl and she seems uncomfortable around me, is it my fault or is she just shy?
My girlfriend's birthday is next week. Now I'm broke. What token gift can I buy her that she will like?
Is it OK to marry a girl that has slept with men too many times?
What should I do when a relationship becomes complicated?
How regularly do girls get dirty messages and how do they respond?
How can I make my husband to love me back after he caught me cheating on him?
How should I talk to guy that I never really spoke to? What do I say without making him lose interest?
What's your favourite thing about your boyfriend?
What’s the easiest way to ask a girl out?
I've been single for 8 months, why can't I find love?
Can a distance relationship be productive?
How long should you wait after ending a relationship, before dating again?
How should I treat my ex-girlfriend after breaking up?
How do I make a guy actually interested in me instead of sexually interested in me?
When should I give up on my girlfriend?
How can I just be friends with a girl I love with whom I was once in a relationship?
My mother gets immense pain in the heel every time she is out for a long time. Is there anything she could do on her own for it?
Would it ever be okay to ask someone out that you've already asked out before?
Why do I keep getting friend zoned?
Why do interviewers always say that they will give me an answer before a specific date, but most of the time I never hear from them again?
I feel for a girl but currently she is in a relationship, but the time spent with me makes me sure she has feelings for me, what should I do?
My ex boyfriend told my friend (when he was drunk) he was with me only for sex. How can somebody act they're in love, just to get what they want?
How do I get my ex out of my mind?
Would a guy mind dating a girl smarter than him?
How do you move on and get over someone who you like, but shows no interest in you?
How do I go about asking my ex boyfriend what is holding him back?
How do introverts get a girlfriend?
How do I convince my girlfriend's family that I'm the best guy to marry her, given that she belongs to a Muslim family and I’m Hindu?
Why do girls talk about a guy after rejected them?
How can I approach someone who doesn't know me?
Is it possible to find a guy who does not think of sex all the time but who can think of romance as something emotional, too and not just physical?
What are signs that an outgoing guy is actually insecure? My crush acts confident but why won't he talk to me?
Are polyamorous relationships healthier?
Can I ask out a girl who my friend asked out, not knowing I liked her? She told him she would think about it, but she acts uninterested. She hints for me to ask her out.
How can I build up my ability to speak up in my relationship?
How can a guy after breakup prevent being attracted to anyone?
What should I answer when my boyfriend asks, "What can I do for him"?
When the female narcissist is cheating, how does she feel?
How do I stop loving a man that I want, and love and share children with? I don't know how to let go.
Is it too creepy that I graphologically analyzed my crush's handwriting, drew her twice, and personality-analyzed her, with her knowing?
I wanna date an IITian, how could I approach one?
How do I ask a girl for her number if I don't know her that well? I got a limited amount of time to ask her before I can't see her for awhile.
She doesn't like to talk more. How can she build that confidence in herself to talk with strangers and convince him to get married with her?
What shall I wear for my first date as a 28-year-old man? Should I date her even when I knew her from school for a couple of years?
What should a girl do if she is in love with a stranger and cannot get over from his thoughts?
Is liking guys who are loners, smart and have no life, bad?
What is it like to date someone like your mum's age?
How can I make someone realize that they love someone badly?
How long must I give up to propos a girl?
What does it mean if a girl tells me not to knock on my door?
Is it wrong for a girl to propose to a guy she likes?
Why would a girl who rejected me be offended if I asked out another girl?
I've asked a couple girls to prom but gotten rejected both times. How many girls should I ask before I give up?
How do you romance a guy?
Can a hopeless romantic and a blunt realist ever have a healthy relationship?
What should I do if I still like a guy who is 39 years old and I am 29 years old? Is there a future for us, in the sense that can I marry him as he is my ex?
Is it normal for a 32 year old man to have been dumped by 28 women?
What should I do if a girl controls me sexually?
Should I go out and find my future wife? Or should I let life just happen?
I have a friend who wants to cut. Should I stop him or encourage him?
A couple weeks ago I asked a girl out over text message, and she said she'll let me know when she is free. She never did. What does this mean?
Would it be possible for me to find a future girlfriend that would love to financially support me via Internet dating/online dating?
How should I react to finding out that my girlfriend has cheated on me with my best friend?
I'm madly in love with someone, who's using me & confessed it too, but I'm unable to accept it. What should I do?
There's girl whom I like she daily comes to the park but the problem is she comes with a lady, how should I approach her?
Are 1 on 1 hangouts with the opposite sex considered "dates?"
Why and how could someone who says that he or she loves you break up with you the very next day?
A girl says she's in love with me over text, so how do I make her fall even more in love with me?
How do I treat a man who only messages me shortly before or after midnight just to tell me good night?
How can I get him to feel comfortable and regain his trust when I broke his heart and rejected in the worst possible way?
She has a boyfriend, but I'm in love with her. I keep my distance because it’s hard for me. Should back off from our friendship, even if it upsets her?
My guy friend told me to ignore a guy I like (likes me too) on WhatsApp to check if he is serious and really wants me. Is it true?
Is it rude to tell a girl you don't care if she looks bad?
How do I treat a girl who entertains her boyfriend’s friends better than her own boyfriend?
Why am I never anyone's first choice?
How do I get my sister to pay me a huge amount of money that she owes me because she doesn't want to pay up?
How do I get my man back?
Why are there more breakups nowadays?
What did men want in a relationship the most?
What should I do if a girl tries to not love me but when I text her daily, we have had long conversations?
What was your relationship with your boyfriend like in the beginning?
Can I trust my boyfriend after he told me he slept with his best friend?
How do you say, "Either the boy or the girl has done this" in Chinese?
Can someone with BPD avoid relationships and not be codependent?
What do girls think about cars?
Why did my crush giggle at me when he saw I was the one taking a picture for him and my friend?
How can I find out if a guy is attracted to me?
When teens get pregnant, why do the girls get blamed and not the guys?
Does relationship with physical contact last long?
Why do guys fail to reply on marriage portals when messaged?
Over which topics should a couple in a relationship talk about?
How can I make an introvert girl like me?
What should I do if I found my sister secretly sending nudes to a guy who may or may not be her boyfriend?
Is it ok to go on a date with two different people?
Why can't I stop thinking about my male friend, even when I'm not romantically interested in him?
Does Yami think she is beautiful?
A girl I dated ended things after 4 months because she doesn't want a boyfriend. She still wants to hang out all the time. Is there hope for us?
How do I move on from the guy I was exclusively dating?
In Japanese culture, how long does dating take until the woman is ready to get physical?
What is the best way to catch your boyfriend on online dating?
How would you describe someone who should most strongly consider a dating website?
What should I do if I love two people at the same time?
What does it mean when a guy looks at you when you’re not looking, and then when you look at him, he snaps his head back to what he was doing?
How should I let a girl know that I like her?
I am not able to meet one particularly guy in person, help needed (See comment)?
If my crush talks to a lot of girls and doesn't try to talk to me, why did he talk to a girl about me staring at him?
Does the success of rich men dating websites conclusively prove that the majority of women are gold diggers?
Does a relationship with a BPD woman get shorter each time she recycles with the same partner?
What do I do when a guy I met online today keeps saying he loves me?
What exactly goes on in a girl's mind when she is on her period? Also what steps should a boyfriend/husband take to keep her happy?
Do bisexuals perceive masculine and feminine beauty the same way? When you see a hot girl and a hot guy do you get the same type of tingles?
We've been together for 4 years and it's quite late that I've found out that he had been chatting with his ex during our first 2 years. Should I get angry?
If the girl you were dating had fooled around with one of your acquaintances or friends in the past, would this be a problem for you?
How would you feel about dating a same sex partner who is somewhat religious?
How do I ask a girl for a date?
Is it possible that my boyfriend has chances of death because I'm mangy?
How does a fat kid get a girlfriend?
Why can't I marry a guy whose parents aren't ready?
My boyfriend is completely immature when he's with friends or other people but around me he's mature. Why does he act so different?
He is seeing someone else. I can't take this pain. Why has my narcissistic husband abandoned me and made no contact?
How do I deal with a narcissist who treated me badly? Should I call him out on his behaviour or stay silent? I feel heartbroken and don't know what to do.
What is a date like?
I don't have any male friend like every girl has. Is it so why I am mostly ignored?
What can I do or say to get him back with the same amount of hurt as he has hurt me?
What is the worst relationship advice you can ever give?
Are most guys superficial? I just want the truth. Is it all about looks?
I really want to ask this girl I met recently to go to prom. I knew her since I was 12 but lost touch over the years. Should I ask? (Prom is on June 28.)
How do I decline an invitation from my brother's girlfriend?
How do I calm my best friend when she's crying like "wooah," and she won’t tell me the reason either?
How can I confirm the BITSAT test date? My initial date is tomorrow, but I’ve requested it for the 30th.
How do I ask for a discount from online dating coach?
How come guys promise some things, but never mean it? It hurts, you know?
What is the best way to make yourself want to be single and be happy while single when you long for a serious relationship?
My crush always tries to get my attention, stares at me and when I like his pics he always likes mine right back a minute later, is he flirting?
I recently had sex with my girlfriend after a year, as I was away for a year. I ejaculated in less than three minutes. What should I do about this?
Would ladies rather date a doctor or a Google engineer?
In a relationship, should the guy or the girl call more often?
What is the correct way to have a good relationship, especially if we do not talk that often?
My friend posted something on Facebook that said, "if you text me just to ask how my kid and I are doing I won't text back." Why?
She betrayed me, but still she wants to be with me, but she also loves him. What should I do?
Is it healthy to want to be in a relationship with someone despite the lack of feelings towards them?
A guy I used to date and who said he loves me acts depressed when I see him out. Why?
What would you think of a guy who left his girlfriend because of her horrific past? She was sexually harassed. She trusted him, but he left.
What do you do when a girl leads you on and you can't get over her?
Is two dates too early for intimacy?
Is it normal when I say I love my GF but I like some other girl's qualities more than my GF’s?
What am I suppose to do after she broke up with me?
Is it wrong to break up with a girl because you know she's not for you, even if she is very good to you?
Both my girlfriend and I are going to be (only slightly) busy this summer. What are ways we could keep in touch?
What are 10 quick reasons for rejecting a guy on an arranged marriage date?
This girl I've known for 3 years calls me and texts me every day, but I almost never initiate contact. Am I on the back burner?
What's it like to live in Darwin, Australia, for a single, 30-year-old guy?
Is a Leo girl good for an Aquarian boy?
How do you make a girl fall for you in a long distance?
How can I be sure that he’s not cheating on me through his phone?
How do I make my parents and my girl friend’s parents accept my love relation? I am a jobless person.
How do I deal with my ex's anger? How should I tell him to stop harassing me?
What do you think is the difference between love (love we make) and sex?
How hard is it to choose a career over a girlfriend?
Why is it that, when I get close to a girl, I push them away?
What's the easiest way to get over a girl you like/love?
Can I find a man who appreciates me? (I'm a woman)
Why do girls like bad guys that lie?
What is the best way to act around a girl who you like?
Is it a confidence builder to go for a girl who's out of your league?
A long distance friend, (who is like a brother) and I have feelings for each other. But he is in love with another girl, and seems cold. What to do?
Why does she want me to stay in her life while she loves someone else?
How do I impress our life partner when we have 2 months of time for marriage?
How do I tell a beautiful perfectionist girl, that she is great?
Is this guy cheating if he brings his cell phone to the bathroom every time he smokes in there? He seems to read and text someone in the bathroom.
Are there any suggestions to help me to not be affected by negative insults and insecurities in my relationship?
Should I continue something I've informally committed to? What should I choose? My career or the feelings of my girlfriend?
Why don't I have a girlfriend? I am a nice guy with a great job, but I don't have the gift of looks.
Why is it that this girl doesn't show interest in me until after she rejected me?
My girlfriend is giving me mixed signals and has mood swings. What should I do?
How can I convince my commitment-phobiac crush to be in a relationship with me?
How do I tell someone that I like them, if I don't talk to him that much even though I have known him for most of my life?
Which are the best exercises for overall growth of the body of a 15-year-old boy?
Why does my crush seem off tonight? It is like there are two of them, maybe a twin? One moment the person is flirting, and the next this person is cold.
How do I convince my best friend to leave her boyfriend? Both say they love each other but keep fighting every minute and it's ruining her life and career.
Should I impress my girlfriend's family?
When speaking Japanese, don't you feel weird using the word kanojo (she or girlfriend)?
Should a woman marry a man before she dies so he would raise her child?
Does my boyfriend have the right to force not only me to tell my friend to delete my picture off her Instagram, but also forcing her to do that?
Does a girl like it when a guy shakes their hand when greeting them? Is it attractive to be outgoing in this sense?
Having a really difficult time getting over a married girl that I was in a relationship with. How can I get over her?
Do married men want to be able to divorce their wives simply by saying the word "divorce" 3 times (she cannot do the same)?
What does it mean when a guy tells you that your voice is beautiful? This was after I said that he had a great voice.
What was your best date?
If you get rejected by a girl, why is it a bad idea to ask out her sister? The first girl shouldn't care because she rejected you.
Honestly, I'm at a loss. I don't know what to do this summer. I just wanna get out of the house. What are your suggestions?
I kissed my friend, we both are into each other before, now he is seeing someone. But he still shows affection to me. What should I do?
(India) Are science students more likely to get a girlfriend?
Does Trump think that he can rule like an old king did, and have only his blood relatives around him? Isn’t this undemocratic?
How do I tell a person that she's annoying me all the time without hurting her feelings?
Is it possible to be in love with 2 guys at the same time?
Is it okay to date my 17 year old step-cousin?
Did Bach not play the 6-part fugue because he thought he couldn't do it on the spot, or for some other reason like the king was a jerk and had bad vibes?
I’m 18, almost 19, and I want to stay at my BF’s house for 1 night. How do I go about asking and explaining why?
Why does kissing feels good? Can you give me some advice about kissing?
If a young woman is wearing clothes that may be exposing her in a way she may not realize, should/how you tell her?
What are some traits older women find attractive about a younger man?
When a girl rejects a guy, why would it be wrong for the girl to ever reconsider? People’s feelings can change.
What’s the best way to show a girl that she means the world to you?
What happens if a man refuses to leave women alone after he is rejected by them?
If a man is willing to do anything regardless of ethics, can we say he has no bottom line?
Why does a man talk about other women he has been involved with or still want him to a woman he is dating?
My brother asked me do you know how adult people kiss and kissed me on the mouth when I was 4-6 years old and he was 2 years older what should I do?
What are some romantic things you can do while camping with your partner?
I’ve been going out with this guy for a month and we see each other like once a week, never planned, and at his house or at mine. Should I cut him off?
Is there ever a situation where asking someone out is not worth the risk?
How can't you know when an insincere friend is just faking being real?
Should I promise my girlfriend marriage in the future?
How do I handle a guy with no brain?
Would you date a guy with a vasectomy? Why or why not? Does it change the game knowing you're dating with no notion of the possibility of kids.
Some of my friends used to make fun of me and it hurt me. They are rich and I am a topper. I am unable to manage. What should I do?
What are the things you did after your break-up?
Has anybody out there fallen in love online, met in person, and continued with a permanent relationship?
I am seeing a shy guy. After our date we haven't had a normal phone call or a continuous text conversation as before. Is he giving me space?
When asking a girl to prom, is it ok to have another girl in mind in case she says no?
How did you act when you developed a crush?
Does Shweta Gautam have a boyfriend?
What do I do if I want to leave a man who loves me for a man I love?
How do I react to my bf saying he thinks my older sister is hot?
What should you do if your girlfriend is introverted and slightly depressed because she was molested in her childhood?
Why do I feel shattered after my girlfriend left for the US for 3 months even though she told me not to worry and I know she is not the cheating type?
Why does he want a baby but doesn’t want to build a family?
Do girl notice boys?
If someone never shave, what does he look like at various milestones?
Would Brazilian women date Turkish men?
Is it hard to have a long distance love and keep each other happy?
Why is it a girl suddenly becomes interested in a guy that has lost interest in her?
How can a fat guy have a girlfriend in India?
How many times do you go out with someone before having sex?
What if someone loved you and you knew?
If I get rejected by a girl, how soon should I ask out another girl?
How can a guy say no without getting slapped if a girl proposes?
How do I tell if my crush likes me as a friend or as a girl?
How can I know if she likes me or not? When I talk to her she just smiles and looks away she doesn't say anything.
Why does my new boyfriend avoid me when we finally have alone time together?
Guys, when asking out a girl, do you usually know what the answer is going to be before you ask her out?
If you got to know your wife was cheating on you while you guys were dating, what will you do?
How can you tell when you like someone?
If a woman spends her entire lifetime with her husband and then finds out that he was already married and had cheated on her, what could be her reaction?
Why do girls avoid their female classmates?
Which is the worst scenario, a boy staring at a girl he knows, from afar with a blank expression or a boy talking and flirting with a girl he knows?
One time, I read a very detailed sex scene on the Internet, and somehow, it made me feel like crying. Can you tell me why that might be?
We are just 14 years old. What are the best tips for me to have a long and happy relationship with my girl best friend?
An American girl wants to marry a Pakistani guy and wants to move to Pakistan. Is it a good idea?
How can I get my boyfriend’s phone records or read his texts?
What is the truth about your ex-boyfriend?
What makes a relationship seem beautiful, contrasting or symmetrical?
My crush is into my best friend. What should I do?
Is safe flirting liberating for women?
How can I move on from a hopeless crush?
Can I tell my boyfriend who he can and can't talk to?
If the narcissist has discarded me and moved on, why is he still in my heart and mind?
How do you tell a girl you like her over text?
How do I convince my girlfriend that I am not bothered by her health issues?
What is wrong when an Aquarius girl suddenly ignores me?
Can a 13 year old be in love with a 22 year old guy?
What does it mean when a girl who friendzoned you suddenly becomes interested in you?
My ex broke up with me. We dated for a month, but he would tease me and try to talk to me. He also constantly stares, especially when I am not looking. Why is that?
Do your partner's facial features sometimes bother you? Is it normal?
How do I forget a girl whom I love but who rejected me?
I really like this girl. We've been close friends for a year. She has a boyfriend, who is moving to another country in August. What do I do?
How does a 62-year-old widow meet a decent guy?
I'm in a relationship, but I'm starting to like another boy. What do I do?
Why are girls less inclined to be interested in a guy who is interested in her?
How can I make my girlfriend to love me again after she moved on with her first love?
What should I do if a girl flirts with me?
Why do I always attract girls who already have a boyfriend?
A girl wants to fistfight me. What do I do if I am a boy?
When someone asks the name of a beautiful girl you know, most people will answer the name of their girlfriend or wife. So what’s the use of asking that?
Did it ever happen that while in a relationship you got distracted, developed slight feelings for someone else, but now you are happy with your girlfriend?
Am I not feeling love for my boyfriend because I have depression, or because I don't love him?
I want to die. Can you give me a reason not to?
If I ask someone to let me know to whom and what they're talking about, am I being controlling?
Should I stay married to a guy who has a really bad drinking problem, and doesn't want to get help for it?
Should I hide my Tinder page from my ex if I want him back?
I stopped replying to a Japanese guy, would it be okay if I hit him up again?
Why do girls always succeed in gaining their love but boys don't succeed?
Why do most Indian girls look for well-settled boys, even though these girls are not well-settled themselves?
Does a guy feel scared in this situation?
What can the government do to deal with the likes of Arundhati Roy? I know that she is just the tip of an iceberg, so putting her in prison will not solve anything.
I am shy, and I want to ask my crush if he likes me, without there being any pressure. We are good friends. How should I ask him?
Can I find a man that would love me now and not my money?
How do I know if he is right for marriage?
Without spoiling anything, do you figure out who the gossip girl is?
Do you think you make a great partner for a relationship?
I am socially awkward with girls. How can I change that?
A guy told me that he never had to ask a girl out to figure out if she likes him? How is this possible?
How quickly can a girl know whether she is interested in a guy or not?
How do get close to a guy you like, even if they probably don't like you as anything more than a friend?
I'm in a relationship, but I'm starting to like another guy. What should I do?
One of my old classmates suddenly became a model. She's gorgeous now, but she did have plastic surgery. Where do they find the money?
How do you keep the spice in a relationship without taking it too far/fast?
What is love like from a guy's perspective?
Why can’t men control themselves when a good looking girl passes along the street? Is it anxiety?
Should I tell a potential partner that I'm greysexual?
What does it mean when someone says “either this guy has no game or is simply not interested”? What does it mean, “he has no game”?
How would the dating scene be affected if people took a reverse ageing drug and started getting younger?
How can I make my relationship fun?
What was the exact moment that you realized you actually weren't in love?
What do you do when people think you and the guy you like are dating because you hangout all the time?
Why do guys call girls babe?
What would you do if you extremely liked someone's personality and mind, but you weren't physically attracted to them?
Why do girls gossip about it to their friends after they reject a guy?
What shows that you still love your partner after so many years of staying together?
How romantic is your relationship with your boyfriend?
What do you do if no one asks you out?
What are some good ways to show your interest in your crush without coming off too strong?
How would you respond if a girl asked you what the meaning of life is to you on your first date with her?
What do you think about a relationship between an Indonesian girl and an Italian guy? Is it possible? We know that those are very different, like night and day.
He broke up with me and sent a friend request to his ex. On the next day, he keeps on calling me after unfriending his ex. What does it mean?
How do you handle your mother and your lovely girlfriend, who soon could be your wife? Whom should you give the first priority over the other?
Should I text this girl, or wait a few months to meet her?
How can I find out if my fiance is engaging in live sex videos when he hides everything?
How do I get over my crush having a girlfriend?
Is asking a girl out in a big way a good idea to get her to say yes?
How can you get to know the feelings of a girl for you, whether she loves you as only a friend or as someone special? How should you approach her?
Would Baywatch be a good first date movie? My date likes comedies, and I’m planning dinner and a movie.
I am fearful of having a girlfriend because of my Christian parents. How do I escape the fear of my parents' criticism?
Do guys like it when a girl wears their hoodie?
What does it mean when my male friend avoids eye contact with me, especially when his girlfriend is around?
She broke up with me. How do I use my sorrow into something useful, rather than thinking about those days?
Should I continue to date him?
Would it be wrong to marry a 37 year old man, when I'm 21 year old woman?
How do you ask a girl/lady to have sex with you without being disgraced?
What can an Indian daughter do if her parents are not ready to give money for her higher education because they want to marry her off?
How do I tell someone that I don't want to pursue a relationship with them without hurting their feelings?
If a guy who's known for being quiet and shy goes out of his way to talk to you, does that mean anything?
Sometimes things take a while to work out. Is this true for relationships?
How would a narcissist respond to being confronted by a "supplier's" partner?
Where can I find more information about a rare heart condition called "Brugada Syndrome"? I found out I have it after my mum was diagnosed two years ago.
My best friends told my crush that I like him, what do I do?
Why do girls develop interest or non-interested for guys within the first minutes of meeting him and nothing that happens afterwards can change that?
What's the risk of asking somebody out who's in a relationship, other than them rejecting you?
Is it illegal for a boy between the ages of 13 and 16 to allow a girl the same age to touch his genitals in the state of Connecticut?
How do I know if my boyfriend really cares about me?
"Oh no! She's upset! Let me give her time too cool off." Why are all guys like that?
I always think about having sex with my boyfriend. Is this normal?
Is modern day dating completely hopeless?
Have you ever dated a sikh guy/girl? Share your experience.
How can I date a woman without feeling like I'm wasting her time?
Would it be considered morally wrong to befriend a girl with a boyfriend, which then makes her leave him?
My best guy friend is younger than me, and I like him, but we'll be in different schools next year. Should I tell him?
How do narcissists respond, when confronted by a supplier's partner? Would she be more likely to deny it and say we are just friends or be boastful?
If a girl knows a guy likes her but she doesn't tell him she has a boyfriend, is that leading him on or being dishonest?
My housemate stole all my cups, plates, and silverware when he left, then blocked me on FB. How do I legally screw him over for theft?
What are the signs that a female is just passing time with you?
Is she interested or just thinks of me as a friend?
I like this girl and we've been on dates. Although she denies them, she still goes with me. What does this mean?
How do I impress girls sexually?
How can you know if he is just not that into you?
I’m going out of town for a few days and I just got two kittens. If I leave a lot of food and water will they be okay?
How do impress my ex-girlfriend?
How can I forget someone who touched and kissed me for the first time in my life?
What would make you marry a woman who does not want kids?
What can me and my lesbian girlfriend do for my 39th birthday?
I love my work, but I feel it won't let me grow in my career. What should I do?
Is it crazy to ask my boyfriend if he's in it for the long haul?
How can I be sure that a girl has got pink nipples just by looking at her face?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked me how I was doing?
My advisor told me I am fired. Should I continue working with him?
How do men meet women?
How do I know he's the right guy to marry?
We dated only once and now she says, she misses me? Why?
Is it unusual that I at 18 only "hook up" with women that are, say, 30-45 years old?
How can I tell my crush's friend to help me and my crush get together (her friend knows that I like her)?
I haven't heard from my boyfriend since we had an argument (a week ago). He keeps ignoring me, it hurts so bad. What should I do?
My ex who has a boyfriend wants to hook up. How do I approach this?
Why did a guy send a picture that said “thinking of you” to me?
How do I reach out to a recent relationship without seeming needy?
What if my ex comes back and asks me to marry him again? How should I respond?
Why does my ex who dumped me cry when I call her?
How does it feel to be a straight guy? Even if you see a guy with his abs showing and muscles pumping you won't feel a thing?
What is it like to date an Odia boy?
What can I do about my brother’s ex, who won't leave my grandma's house?
Laura's sister-stalker isn't her twin, of course. So, who is this sister-stalker and why is she going after the well-spoken Laura Ruhl?
Why hasn't the guy I'm dating contact me ever since he went to his country?
I'm starting to date somebody. Should I delete my online dating accounts?
When you first talked to your partner how did he react?
Have you ever been asked out completely by surprise?
Why do some people always expect me to greet them all the time, girls or even fellas, is that a demonstration of power or self importance?
Can girls become interested in a guy after not being interested in him? Feelings can change, right?
This girl says stuff to me like "you should take me skating" and "Friday is the best night to go out". Are these signs that she wants me to ask her out?
My boyfriend wants to get married and I don't. How do I explain to him that not being married doesn't mean I don't want to commit?
How can a guy increase his flirting skills?
How do I make a girl ready for sex?
I embarassed myself in front of my crush? Is it really that bad? What should I do?
What should I do if I am not in love with someone who is madly in love with me? We dated and it did not go too well.
How do I know if a guy likes me through texting?
How easy or difficult is it for a 30-year-old woman to remarry in India after a divorce from a marriage of 6 to 7 years?
My boyfriend wants to go to Israel one day. What should he expect when he gets there?
Recently I had a breakup, so can I make out with my best friend?
Why would an ex or crush even attempt to play games with a person?
How can I seek vengeance against my ex girlfriend without causing any physical harm to her?
What reasons can I give my future husband if he asks me why I am not a virgin? I dont want to tell him the truth.
Why do girls always like you when you're taken?
What does it mean when your bf keeps asking you to be intimate?
A friend wants me to meet a girl to date, but I think she is too fat. How can I exit this nicely?
Does a woman who asks a man out on a date seem desperate, thus making the man less likely to say yes?
What qualities do women look for dating?
How do you deal with rejection from someone after telling them you are transgender?
When you finally find a girl that likes you, do you not care about all the other girls that rejected you?
How do I tell if my boyfriend has hidden apps on his phone?
Is playing a trick necessary in a relationship?
Is offensive name calling normal in a relationship? To me, it hurts and I don't know how to explain what I feel.
If a girl doesn't feel the same way about a guy, is it wrong for her to give the guy a chance so maybe things can work out?
Does a break up between two friends hurt more than a break up between a romantically engaged couple?
When is it too young for girls to have sex?
Can a damaged girl ever truly be loved by a good man?
My guy friend is in love with me and I don't feel the same. What should I do?
Does ignoring a girl really makes her closer to you?
Are women more serious and need company badly if they are on dating apps?
What innocuous behavior deterred you from dating someone?
We went on two dates, how should I plan the third one? We went to an open market on the first and hiking on the second. We only hugged once.
How can I be at peace with my great relationship coming to an end?
What will a girlfriend need from me?
How do I transition from being single to being in a relationship with someone?
Is there anything wrong with loving to be a slob?
Do you think that it's rare to find someone that actually loves you for you and accepts you for who you are?
I prefer not to have sex, should I say this before the first date?
I've liked this boy for 9 months already and he rejected me 3 times, and I can't seem to get over him. How do I stop my feelings for him?
How can I know if my wife loves me for real?
What is the culture of India about dating?
Why do guys seem like they lose interest in me when I'm actually nice and show interest back?
Whom would you choose: your present partner or the same partner who time traveled to you by realizing her mistake of breaking up which happens later?
What does it mean when a girl I met on Tinder tells me she is not ready for a relationship and dating?
Do indian girls like to date a car guy?
What are the best ways to propose to a girl in a dramatic way or a film-like style?
Is it fair to break up with my girlfriend because her school has started and she won't give me as much time as she used to give me before?
How do I forget my girl friend, who is ignoring me and who is working in the same office?
What does it mean when a guy tells you he likes you but doesn’t talk to you after that?
Why would a man who I know liked me, but is damaged from a divorce/ex and not relationship ready, care if he is my rebound or not?
What is the relationship called that is more than friendship and less than love?
Is the guy into you if he tells you his entire day daily?
My gf's roommate told me she is talking to her colleague on phone for hours, do I have to worry?
Should I marry a good person even if I am not in love with him?
A guy has liked me for 7 years now. I rejected him and he said that I will learn to love him if only I will accept him. Should I give him a chance?
My girlfriend just told me that in the last 1.5 years of our relationship she had orgasm only 1 time. Is it my fault?
Why do some people enter into an open relationship?
What should I do after breaking up?
Can a girl knock a guy out by a kick in the balls?
Can a damaged, BPD girl ever truly be loved and liked for real?
There's someone I can't stop thinking about even though I have no romantic attraction to them. Why could this be happening?
How does it feel when your mom gives you the blind stare (means she see's you but she doesn't)?
I always feel like my gf is not telling me something, how can I ask her?
How can I know if this guy is genuine or just playing or is a scammer?
I like this guy and he noticed me looking at him and he keeps pointing to me and saying something to his friends. Is he calling me weird?
As a bisexual female, how do I approach relationships with other women?
Me and my boyfriend fight because of immaturity. How can I be mature enough for our relationship?
What do I do when my boyfriend gets offended by tiny little things all the time?
Are there fake girl profiles on the dating app Tinder or are there some genuine girl profiles who want to hook up and date a guy?
I can't talk to my crush and it's driving me insane. How do I talk to her?
What do guys do or talk about during nights out at a friend's place?
A girl in my class has accused me of something I didn't do. She turns people against me and won't talk to me. What should I do?
Why am I attracted to men older than 50 if I am an adult male?
I’m from Italy and he’s from Texas. I met him on an exchange program. Should I break up with him? And if yes, how?
Should I express my feelings to my best friend?
What are some of the problematic behaviors in relationship being presented as romantic and/or declaration of love in media?
Is it a good idea to tell a person that you're gonna ask them out before you ask them out?
What does it mean if I'm the only one who’s initiating conversations or meet-ups?
My boyfriend is coming home from serving an 8 year sentence at IDOC. What things should I expect?
What's the reason if a boy does whatever a girl wants but tries to avoid it after some time?
How do you get mild BPD men to completely detach from a relationship that they believe they control?
Do guys prefer dating girls that have a higher education than themselves as much as girls prefer dating someone that has a higher education than theirs?
What is the simple meaning of, “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
Why does girls don't say a direct no. Instead they say you got pure heart but I don't deserve you?
If your parents ask you to leave your girlfriend, what will you do?
Why does a guy turn me down despite the fact that I'm an Oxford student?
How does it feel when a girl chat with you daily and after some days she stops chatting with you?
Is it normal if your partner's certain habit irritates you? My girlfriend is a little clingy and it irritates me sometimes. Is that normal?
When a man asks his girlfriend "who was that guy", why does the phrase feel very different from "who was that girl" when a girl asks her boyfriend?
How do I improve myself so that girls want to have sex with me?
What does it mean when a guy says I'm cute?
How should you consider your lover?
My boyfriend doesn't help me clean up, pay bills or look after the animals. What can I do to get him to help?
Guys, what was your best "player move" back in the day?
I’m a 15-year-old boy and I crave love and affection with a girl. I need to hug and cuddle etc. I don’t have a girlfriend. What do I do?
If a girl only Snapchats me a picture of her but never puts it in her story, does it mean she likes me?
How can you tell when a boy is dating you out of pity?
Should you split up with your partner if they want you to be Christian but you don't want that?
How do I know if a shy guy might be interested without ever talking to me in general?
Suppose you meet an equally caring person while you are in a relationship. Will you go with this new person?
Why am I always dreaming about a person I like. Is it possible he might also be thinking of me?
What is love supposed to do for you, and what does that tell you about the limits of a loving relationship?
Why will a man blame his partner about an incident that is not at all true, after making a trust-related mistake?
It is necessary to tell my new boyfriend about my ex?
If a guy likes a girl, what is the likelihood of him liking her again?
What should I call my girlfriend?
If a girl is stupid enough to love a boy, even if the boy breaks her heart, what should the boy do?
Why are girls so controlling in a relationship?
My boyfriend has had anorgasmic ejaculation (cum without orgasm) a few times during vaginal sex with me. Is this a bad thing or is it my fault? What could this mean?
Would you date someone you came across on Quora?
What should I do if my boyfriend is very annoying?
Why should you never ask out a friend of a girl that rejected you?
What can I do if I don't love a guy like he does?
There is a girl whom I like. She comes to the park daily, but the problem is she comes with a lady, what should I do? How do I approach her?
A lot of guys told me that they masturbate with my picture. It feels so weird. Should I still talk to them?
So I tend to like guys who have no chance of ever liking me back. And that depresses me alot. How do I deal with it?
Ok, so my ex boyfriend is dating someone when he still has feelings for me and I still have feelings for him. What do I do?
How can anyone know for sure if they are in love?
What makes someone stay in a narcissistic relationship when they know in their heart that they're in a bad place?
How do I tell a person that I am not interested in chatting without hurting their feelings?
If a woman before actually talking to you deeply, she decided to let her family know you're talking to her. Is it a good sign she wants you?
Do women like car guys?
What does it mean when a guy talks about his family upon first meeting?
How can a boy propose to a girl?
Why don't girls make it clear that they like me?
Is there any girl left who doesn't want a rich, handsome guy?
If I get rejected by a girl, is it ok to pursue her best friend?
I had a childhood crush on Michael Jackson, is it wrong?
Why do Indian guys try to use Quora like it's a dating website? Don't they know it's not for that purpose?
Can someone propose a challenge to me?
As a man, how does it feel to be rejected by a woman who you opened your heart to?
How do I spot a cheater on the first date?
Has your ex-girlfriend tried to have sex with you?
How can I date 2 girls in the same time if they work together?
In Russia, how would you say "you're cute" to a girl, and how would you say "you're cute" to a boy?
How do you, as an Indian woman, feel when some random guy approaches you? Are there any personal examples with the woman’s reaction to the situation that can be shared?
Is it rude/cheesy to kiss a girl's hand as you're introduced?
Does she not love me?
I got two girls pregnant and need to marry one. Debra's father is a cop while Jane's is a lawyer. How would you choose?
Are girls more likely to hang out with a guy who's interested if he just says it's hanging out instead of saying it's a date?
Is it possible to love someone forever who doesn't love you?
If some stranger girls make too much eye contact while passing beside me, is she attracted to me?
Why did a guy whistle a random tune when he saw me? (He did it only 3 times.)
How do I know that girls like me?
Is it a good idea to ask my girlfriend out again?
My GF is too short and I feel conscious going out with her. I feel shallow asking this but is it right to leave her for this reason?
If a woman (older than me) replies to everything but personal questions, does that mean she doesn't want me in her life?
At a school dance last Friday night, some boys were slapping my behind. My boyfriend didn't care. What does this say about him?
Why are girls ok with their boyfriends controlling them and telling them who they can and can't talk to?
After a month of dating, we became exclusive. I've changed my mind. I told him that I want us to become friends with benefits. Is that right?
Why do Taiwanese girls always say they don't have time when I ask them out?
What are the signs that show a girl cares about you as more than a friend?
Do you think I have any hope of finding someone who will at least like me (romantically)?
Why are some girls uncomfortable with talking to other guys when they have a boyfriend?
How can I talk to my crush who is in grade 12 and I am I grade 10? Because he makes the first move and I keep shutting him down and end up regretting it.
This girl I've been talking to suddenly asked me out, what should I do?
Why do people love if they know they will just get hurt? Do they love because they just want to have a child?
As a divorced mom, 49, how do I get back into dating educated stable men? It's been 23 years since I last dated.
Is it mean never to pick up when my mother-in-law calls on the landline, or to ask to speak to her?
Would you ask your date why he/she didn't want to go out again after the second date? What did they say when you asked?
Should I be in a long distance relationship with someone whom I've never met in real life?
How would you react if your lover said that he wasted his time and money on you?
Is she interested in me or does she just think of me as a friend?
How do I know that the person I am going to marry is legal?
How do I hint to a girl that you want to date her?
What is it like to date an Asansol Patrician?
Can an Indian guy and girl hug each other if they are happy even though they are just friends?
How do you tell a guy you are in love without pushing him away?
How do I get more and how do I get girls to look at me and be interested in me?
There is a boy who is 15 years old, and he is very serious about his relationship. Will his relationship be eternal?
What should someone call his/her future fiancee/fiance as 'AAP' or 'tum'?
I really like this guy and he's a good friend of mine. But he is in love with this other girl that he is also waiting for. What should I do?
Are there places in Guwahati where I can take my girlfriend at 5 am for a romantic and private date?
What was challenging in your transition from dating to marriage?
My wife asked for a divorce and now she's acting all happy. What gives? Why is she acting like this?
Can one crush on someone when he or she has a lover?
How do I handle ignorance from a girl I had sex with?
I am 21. But I don't have a girlfriend. What should I do?
How can I make my boss like me again after I failed her?
What should one do if he/she is treated or kept as an option by a person that he/she loves very much?
What is it like meeting up with your childhood sweetheart after a long time?
What is the percentage of a 55-year-old man lasting in a serious relationship with a 33-year-old woman?
My boyfriend is a trainee, and will be debut soon. We need to break up, but I just can't let him go. What should I do?
What do I do if my crush's mom hates me?
How could I get over my ex?
Should I cast my pride aside to give someone another chance?
How do I win a girl’s heart?
When a guy you have never seen gets your number, contacts you, knows everything about you, and says that he likes you, what does this mean?
How can I get over the feeling that there's no one else that's compatible with me?
What does it mean when a guy says “make me want you more” during intimate moments?
If I was meaner than I meant to be when I broke up, should I apologize?
Is it okay to give a phone number to a crush who probably has a crush on me too, or will he judge me?
Can I get an ARV even if I just want it only?
How can I get a girl to fall in love with me? What are the qualities that enable you to do that?
Why was Allah so cruel to 6-year-old Ayesha and make her a bride to a 52-year-old man?
What are my chances of pursuing someone who is gay but is not that interested in me?
Why do girls flirt with me but don't want to have sex with me?
How do you react when someone says she loves animals, particularly dogs in this case, way more than human?
Can an ugly guy like me impress a girl?
Should I hide my Tinder page from my ex if I want him to get back?
What are the chances of me getting a mortgage if I have 3 defaults and 1 late payment on my credit file that are 3 years older or more?
A girl I am with won't let go of the thought that I am "too good" for her, and she constantly tries to convince me of it. What do I do?
Why do people assume that women have only good reasons for making dating difficult?
I’m a 24-year-old female and he's 51. Would you consider this age gap to be "weird"?
How long before an ex who dumped you but did not want a relationship misses you?
How can I control my boyfriend without him knowing?
Is it very rare to find a girl with both physical beauty and good at heart?
How do I tell my girlfriend that I like fat girls?
Why would a girl not know my name if I’ve told her a thousand times, and I show up a lot?
How can I stop feeling that no one will ever love me or want me romantically?
Have girls ever rejected a guy and found that he ended up getting another girl shortly afterwards?
Is it sad that I'm 18 and still watch how to get a girlfriend videos?
How do I get my (girl) friend back, after I did wrong?
How do I get over my love for my lifelong best friend because I'm terrified to tell her?
What can a person do so no one likes him anymore?
Should I date a nice girl who I get along really well but lost her virginity at age 15 with the guy I dislike?
Why would he flirt with other girls in front of me?
Everyone's different but do you think most women become jealous when their partner mentions an old gf or talks to a woman who's just a friend?
How come he never texts first?
My friend told his crush he loved her, but she didn't know how to feel. His friend told her the same, and it seemed to go better. What should he do?
What should I do if the girl I love is suddenly avoiding me?
How can I deal with my abusive boyfriend who pretends that he is a perfect boyfriend and asks me to change?
Is it a turnoff for girls when a guy has been rejected by a lot of girls?
Why does this guy glancing and staring at me although he knows I've been already taken?
How do you know whether a girl likes you or not?
This guy tells me that he likes me. We have been texting for quite some time. Should I stop texting him first to see if he really means that?
Is it good to give a manicure set to a girl?
What should I do when I feel like my girlfriend is cheating?
What do I do if the boy I once dated is dating someone, but I still like him?
Is there someone who got married in arranged marriage but she doesn't like her husband at all but his family is really very good and perfect?
How do I know that my GF really loves me?
Do I have the right to tell a dean about my ex-girlfriend being technically sexually assaulted? Is that what a real friend would do? She said not to.
How can I make a girl I love not hate me?
My ex boyfriend is going to ask me out as a dare from my uncle. Even though he already has a new girlfriend. What should I say?
I am dating a man who is 12 years older than me. Father's Day is coming up. What is an appropriate gift to get him to do with his kids?
I'm going to see my father for the first time, what should I say to him?
Up to what sense is it true that when a person is fed up of his/her family they either study too much or they do some wrong business?
What is the meaning of “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
Does moving in together mean a relationship?
How do you differentiate between being a masculine woman and a man?
I love a girl but her English is far better than mine. What should I do as I feel embarrassed and will she reject me if I confess?
How many dates should you go on before being exclusive?
My crush is going to a different high school. I'm sad and really wanted to get to know him. Should I try to talk to him or leave it?
How do I ask my ex boyfriend what's really going through his head?
I am 55 years old and have never met my "soul mate". Should I give up hope?
I love a girl and she loves me, but she has a boyfriend. She tells me that we'll be together one day. Should I stay or should I move on?
How do I know if somebody likes me?
How can I seduce a tomboy? I really like this girl but she is not like other girls. You can check the description for her uniqueness.
How easy is it to prosecute statutory rape?
How can I overcome the feeling of not wanting to study in the very last month after I’ve been preparing for it for almost a year?
How often have you cried because of your significant other?
Is it a good idea to ask a boy out to go swimming in the river?
If a guy asks out a girl and she says no and then stops talking to him, should the guy feel like he did something wrong?
How have you got over your ex you dumped and then you happened to see him/her dating again?
What does it mean when your female friend texts her other guy friend that she is by herself in the mall while she is actually with you?
When is the right time to have sex with your boyfriend?
Does Mdm Kim have any moral consciousness of her marital status when she is alone by herself?
Is it normal that an ex-wife and an ex-husband become friends and talk about their social life, careers, and dating lives while they both are in new relationships?
Can my girlfriend leave her husband for me?
After how many months the "I'm in love with her" phase turns into "I love her"?
How do I know when a boy likes me?
Should I stop being annoyed that my boyfriend calls another woman "baby"?
Why isn't he interested in coming back to me again, even when I told him I changed my mind about sex? Why can't I seem to forget him?
Do you think I might be thinking too much into how MS might be taken by men I have romantic interests in? I've been in a chair for a decade now.
Did Remus Lupin have a girlfriend ever in his life before Tonks? Or was she his first?
What should I do if my father gets attracted to me?
What is your opinion if a girl has a male best friend?
A man who finds another woman attractive says he is unable forget her. Can such a man really love his wife or be faithful to her?
How do I decline an invitation by a girlfriend of my brother?
Is being physically intimate with one woman then having sex with another on the same day and lying about it being disrespectful to her?
What does it mean when my ex still talks to me about getting physically intimate? I discourage him but he laughs it off saying he is just having fun
What is the best way to meet a man?
Should it be a red flag if he lies and says he "fell asleep" when texting me?
If you find out that your ex-boyfriend (who was going to buy you a ring) was nailed by his colleague, what would you say to that girl?
Will an IITian be interested in dating a non-IITian girl?
At the beginning, we were good and had sex, but now she keeps on making excuses. Why?
Why does this guy care that I didn't message him?
How does a girl want a boy to approach her?
Louise (FoZ) somehow summons Magnus (WH40k) as her familiar, though he, of course, is not going to be such a thing. What does he do to Halkeginia?
When it comes to dating, is self-confidence overrated?
How can you tell when your lady is seeing someone else?
I have noticed that my best friend is confused about his sexuality, but he will not recognize it. How can I encourage him to be honest with himself?
What do you do when your lover tells you getting away from him was too easy?
What are the telling signs of someone loving you if he or she is already with someone?
Should a guy marry a girl who has decided to never consummate the marriage? Should the guy keep up his hopes and get married? Both are good friends.
Ending a conversation which I am talking to someone I liked is hard for me. I'm waiting her to end the conversation. What is the reason behind it?
I broke up with my first love after a year and a month. She’s really happy now and I regret what I’ve done, what should I do?
When do you know when to stop chasing someone you love?
How do you know if a girl cares about you when she knows you're mad at her?
Why do I always feel that my lover sees another man if she is not with me?
Why do I love my friend so much?
What happens if you have feelings with one of your teachers, like a relationship?
What can I do, if my girlfriend gets married?
It's been three years since my rape. Why do I still think of it all day every day? When will I feel better?
How do I deal with anxious partner?
How do I tell a girl to stop giving signals and I'm not interested in her?
How can I reccover from the shame and the suffering created by my decision taken to end my previous relationship with my ex-girlfriend?
In a society like India, will a guy be tolerant enough to marry a girl who is much more educated than he is?
Do you stay with the love of your life even when it feels like there's no hope left?
What will you do when your superior ignores your feelings because she is busy with computer work?
My girlfriend thinks I should tell her everything that happens in my life whenever they happen. What should I do?
Why do girls realize the importance of their parents after they have a breakup, while lying to them during the relationship?
Why is marriage necessary for a man and a woman, logically?
Why are me and my ex still so close after our breakup?
Would you walk away from a relationship where the partner has child support arrears?
Are girls the ones to whom we should teach dos and don'ts?
What do I do about my probably-straight crush?
If someone on Quora asked you out to see a movie or go to a disco, would you consider it?
Why would a divorced man get back together with his ex-wife right after dating me and then realizing that it wasn't going to work?
Every time I am alone for a long time, I feel like I am losing my mind. What is wrong with me?
If I can't get a girlfriend, is it because I'm not trying hard enough?
Where can I find an uploaded voiceover saying 'I'm a banana guy'?
How can I get taller? My parents are not that short and I'm 16. All my friends are younger than me and they are like Hulk next to me.
How do I make my male teacher have a crush on me? I am 17 and female.
How can I take a relationship from friend helping friend into love?
I fell in love with a divorced man. He is shy and introverted. He denied my proposal. What should I do now?
If a guy asks out a girl and she says no, why do people think it's wrong for him to ask out other girls? Shouldn't he accept that no means no and move on?
I am single for 11 years. What is wrong with me?
In what ways can you confess to someone?
I love a man, he says he doesn't love me back, but he do so many things for me. What do I do?
Is it immoral for a 30-year-old man to seduce an 18-year-old girl?
Does someone's past matter in a relationship?
When can an abused victim get over her ex-narcissist completely after she was discarded (in case of a long term relationship, mostly living together)?
If a girl almost avoids you the morning after the night you kissed her, does that mean she doesn't want you?
I'm in relationship with a girl who doesn't seem to be quite into me. Frustrated & stressed by it, I'm unable to focus on anything else. What do I do?
What is the way to find if a girl feels the same as I feel for her?
Is it wrong to ask a woman out, unless she is on a dating site or is referred by a friend?
There's this girl, and when we became friends she said, "I like you as a mate and nothing more," but I never asked her out. Should I give up on her or not?
What does it mean when a guy tells another guy that he’s sexy?
Someone very close told me they were sexually active. This came as a shock to me. How do I come to terms with it? I feel very weird.
Why do girls behave in a jealous and immature about their husbands, and don’t allow him to go out with a friend or talk to her in-laws?
When we say hello to a girl on Facebook and she doesn't reply, what is going in her mind or attitude? Does this mean she doesn’t want to talk to strangers?
I gave a girl a note explaining how I felt about her, and we have texted for a while, but she stopped texting me. Should I confront her about this?
What should I do if my crush had a boyfriend?
What does it mean when you tell a guy text me or call me later and he never does?
Can I marry a woman who is richer than me?
How would you know that your female friend isn't sexually attracted to you? But she wants to hang out all the time.
How do I break up with someone who is extremely clingy and needy? We've been dating a few weeks and I have spoken to him about it already, to no avail.
Is telling your date you're bisexual a turn off to them, particularly if they're straight?
How do I tell my long-distance boyfriend I was molested?
How do I respond or deal with my boyfriend who - not only always assumes he is right, but he actually states his assumptions as fact?
A girl whom I like has been a good friend of mine and I have always helped her a lot. She has a boyfriend. How can I forget her completely?
How do I realize if I'm in the wrong relationship?
Do girls/women who are attracted to creeps, perverts, etc. exist?
Why did my friend ask me if his girlfriend is attractive?
What do Indonesian men look for in a woman when it comes to dating?
How can I stop bragging to my friends about the girls I date? I know it's because of my need to be accepted, but I would like to change. What can I do?
Have you ever gotten back with an ex, when you thought 100% that would never happen?
How do I confess to my teacher that I've liked him for half a month already? He is now a student studying Law and our ages are 7 years apart.
What are some thoughts about girls that can make me hate girls? I want to hate girls, because I am wasting time in search of a girl online.
How would you feel about your adult son dating a woman with Aspergers?
Why should I even bother with girls if I have always been rejected by them?
What does your boyfriend think of ZhangIntyre?
Can a girl make herself anorexic?
So for the last day of school I went up to the girl I liked and told her that I thought she was cute. Should I have said something else too?
In a serious relationship, are threesomes a good idea?
I'm a middle-aged divorced woman and want the right dateable man. How does one balance showing interest in a man and being too needy?
How can I find my good guy?
During an online game, a 'friend' of mine was mad at me and tried to expose my address in chat. What should I do in regards of him?
Can I marry a girl who is 2 months older than me?
My best friend lost her mother and then her father in a span of 4 years. She has now turned cold, she never talks about it. How do I help her?
If the Queen wanted a Bugatti Chiron, could she get it even if they have been sold out and if so, would she have to pay for it?
What is some advice for a teen who’s trying to take a real relationship all the way to marriage and beyond?
How should I accept the harsh truth of my life that she will never be with me?
How do I tell my boyfriend that he's out of shape?
How can I get my ex-girlfriend back from her new boyfriend?
What does the perfect relationship look like and how would it function?
When does love happen? Why does it happen? I was friends with someone for a long time, “just friends” friends, but then suddenly, out of nowhere, I loved.
Is it ever OK to openly tell someone that you are considering dating them just for the sake of experimenting (with relationship styles)?
How do you tell your boyfriend he needs to change?
What do you call a woman who uses her body to earn attention?
Is it normal for a 32-year-old man to have been dumped by 28 women?
Do you believe that loving someone, is giving everything for him?
What is the benefit of having a girlfriend?
Are girls and boys allowed to date in LNMIIT?
Why would someone make private their relationship status on FB? Especially when you can link to their partner that says married?
How the hell can you be just friends with a girl you love with whom you were once in a romantic relationship?
Should you split up with your partner if they want you to become Christian?
Do some older men (married) fantasize about much younger women?
Where can I find someone who is single and who wants to be in a relationship?
How can I love a girl who is older than me?
Have you ever regretted not asking a girl out?
During my relationship with my ex, I got in between his relationship with his sisters. Should I apologize to them?
Do older women want to date younger men?
What are some good places to pick up/meet new girls in Mumbai?
Have you ever had to do something for the good of someone you loved, even though you knew it meant that they would never speak to you again?
Im taking a girl out in Birmingham for the day for a date where shall we go as its our 4th date?
She always responds to my WhatsApp messages, but not to my Facebook messages. She is always online on Facebook. Should I leave her?
Haven't spent anytime with my boyfriend cause he's at his mums, but why isn't he coming home to spend time with me (haven't seen him in a week or so)?
I am looking for large posters of world wine regions. However, I'm not very well off. Is there a way to get these affordably?
Does physical attachment with loved ones cause distance in a relationship?
What does it mean when I dream about being rejected by a girl I like for my friend?
How should I know how much to compromise in a relationship?
I'm in talks with a potential employer but when ever I talk to him I feel sunken, like someone died. Should I consider this as a signal?
Do Leo women come back after breakups?
What is the best experience about crush that trolls you like hell?
What does it mean when a friend's boyfriend hugs me from behind when she's not around?
Does he really like me? His friends say he does but he denys it when I ask if it's true.
Do men who are not interested in a relationship state that they are not expressive?
In a fight, I hit my best friend. On Sunday is her birthday dinner, to which she uninvited me. She said that we could talk next week. What should I do?
Who loves first, boys or girls?
Why is the mistress off the hook if she knows he is married? Shouldn't she have some blame too?
Is "sure" a definite yes when asking a girl to date you?
If you see that your husband has put a lock code on his text messages & Chrome, what do you think? I think he's hiding something.
My girlfriend is constantly in debt and I am always dragging her out. How do I help?
What does it mean when a guy texts “have a nice day” after a day of silence?
How do I tell a girl that I like fat girls?
Does my crush like me back? If so, what should I do next?
Did I overreact when my boyfriend blew me off at the last minute? He does it often. I had an outburst, and I yelled at him for being irresponsible.
This newfound girl used to be pretty responsive over my messages but these days she just reads, why?
How are Odia guys? Do they like northern girls?
What do you do if you're a straight man who prefers playing the passive role in dating?
I am 16 years old and I am nearly certain that I am a transgender female. But, my girlfriend is not comfortable with the way I feel. What should I do?
Is this relationship going to work out?
How do you handle a dumb girlfriend, if you're a geek?
How different are you and your boyfriend?
Is it me or is Selina's meanness amped up in Veep season 6? I found her quite endearing previously but now she seems too obnoxious and unlikable.
Did he friendzone me? He said "For as long as we stay friends."
What does it mean when a guy stares and smiles at you while you are out together?
When a man says he'll always have love for you, what does that mean?
What is a good way to flirt with a girl without seeming weird?
What if you like a girl who doesn’t want a relationship at the moment?
What should I do if my girlfriend has left me?
What are the reasons a guy would share personal family problems with a girl?
Is it normal for a boy to have curves like a girl?
Can we marry an unsettled guy for whom we may have to compromise our own career?
You love someone but also you're afraid to lose them so you avoid commitments, relationships, etc. with them. What advice do you have for this?
Does my ex's brother want more than just our friendship if he asked me how I feel about him?
I got a crush on this Indian guy who's a Christian. We don't talk but he happens to be joining a Christian college. What should I do?
I broke up with a narcissist last year. Why do I feel so compelled to read so much literature on the condition?
Given the opportunity, would a man worth his salt like to romance an unlimited number of girls or a single girl in his lifetime?
He saw my private parts and now we talk less. Is he done with me?
How do I shock a person with ASPD who believes he has me under control? How can I prove to him that I know what he is without being frank about it?
What do girls think about one-sided lovers? Do girls actually feel sympathatic for them or just creepy?
Who is Alexa Bliss sleeping with in the WWE, because her wrestling skills suck but she keeps being the champ?
What would you ask a matchmaker?
Am I cheating on my husband if it's with a girl?
What I can do when my wife misses me too much?
I am 17 years old and my girlfriend of nine months just broke up with me shockingly and unexpectedly. What do I do now?
Why am I always interested in girls that aren't interested in me?
A friend is having his wedding in the US and he wants me to attend. He is ready to sponsor my visa. What all documents should I ask from him?
Have you ever been hoovered by an ex narcissistic girlfriend?
What is a rejection to you, any kind of rejection, professional or personal?
Is it a good idea to tell your partner that you cheated?
If you fancied a girl, then she went a bit mental and called you loads of times and tried to kill herself, would you never talk to her again?
Yesterday, I came to know that my boyfriend has been cheating on me for two months. What should I do?
What will a girlfriend feel when a boy has a closed penis?
How would you feel if your friends & family knew that your boyfriend/girlfriend has been unfaithful since the beginning of your relationship?
Should you take time to get your life in order before you begin a relationship?
How do I keep myself on her mind?
What is the best way to sign off romantic?
I only talk to a girl when she starts the conversation. Will that make me an arrogant before her?
I asked a guy I like if he wanted to hang out sometime, and he just shrug his shoulders. What does that mean? (I had never talked to him before)
I have fallen for this guy's personality but he is a big time jerk. Is it normal to fall for a jerk's personality?
I'm in love with a girl. What's the next step?
Do extroverted guys like extroverted girls?
My friend was close with her grandfather, who died a few weeks ago. She's having trouble coping; what can I say to make her feel better?
Does humility work in relationships?
What would a person feel when he realizes he cannot do the things he used to be great at?
What should you do if the girl you asked out thinks you are going out as friends?
How does it feel to know that you are the crush of a very beautiful girl in your school, college or neighborhood?
How do girls know whether they're interested in you or not within the first few minutes of meeting you?
What does it mean when my crush is lusting me?
Do outgoing guys get scared of talking to girls they like, and does staring without looking away indicate attraction?
How can I get my boyfriend to trust I won't judge him if he opens up to me about his past?
What is the simplest way to know that a girl loves me and get a permanent girlfriend?
Is it unreasonable to dislike someone who likes your former crush?
How do I ask out a girl at the gym?
Does it mean anything when a guy asks you if you're still awake?
My boyfriends dad doesn't like me at all. How should I handle this?
Do you feel everyone cheats in relationships? If so, why?
When should a girl ask to define the relationship to avoid being strung along?
Why would a man say you’re in his heart but wants to go out and flirt with other girls?
Which one should one select for a girl, a good, loving family or only a career?
My friend frequently tries to find new romances with new boys. He always acts like the next person can be someone special but soon ditches them. Why?
Is it unfair for me to ask my flatmate to at least tell me when she has guests?
Is a man genuinely interested in a woman if he says he crazily loves her but tacitly avoids meeting in real life and brings up excuses on this pretext?
How can I trust my partner?
Is it wrong to ask out a girl that I know doesn't like me back?
What should I do when I love someone but he doesn't know about it, and I am too shy to tell him?
What does my girlfriend mean when she says, "I wish you were my first."?
How can I grow some balls and talk to a girl I like?
What is your advice to partners of porn actors worried about their ability to satisfy him/her knowing he/she has had experiences with professionals?
What is the best method you tried in order to get over a breakup?
What’s the meaning of a guy’s smiles and head shake?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked “How am I doing?” and I responded “Great.” with a smile. What's wrong with that?
One of my friends likes a boy. He knows, and when I joked and said "Oh, he totally likes you," he seemed a bit bothered by it. Should I do anything?
I just met a guy and wish to date him. What do I do?
How should I confess to a girl, if at all?
Whom should I trust and with whom can I spend my remaining life?
What is anonymousemail.me?
What does it mean when a guy can't look at you, even when you're standing right next to each other, after you reject him?
If a girl knows you like her, but thinks you're mad at her, how do you know if she cares?
What do I do if a guy keeps saying he loves me?
Why do you think Princess Diana chose to date Muslim men as the last 2 romantic relationships of her life?
Are girls more likely to be interested in a guy who's never had a girlfriend before?
Why is he lying to me about small and unimportant things? When I catch him, he denies it.
Which places could be really nice to meet your date for the first?
What’s wrong with me? Do I have anxiety? (I’m a 17-year-old guy.)
Why would you not talk to someone who you know really likes you and who is a kind person inside?
Is it okay for me to like 18-year-old women if my daughter is also 18 years old?
If I approach and talk to a girl and she seems uncomfortable around me, is it my fault or is she just shy?
Should I break up with her because she complains a lot?
My girlfriend's birthday is next week. Now I'm broke. What token gift can I buy her that she will like?
Is it OK to marry a girl that has slept with men too many times?
What should I do when a relationship becomes complicated?
How regularly do girls get dirty messages and how do they respond?
How can I make my husband to love me back after he caught me cheating on him?
How do I get over my boyfriend who left me because I have cancer?
How should I talk to guy that I never really spoke to? What do I say without making him lose interest?
What's your favourite thing about your boyfriend?
What’s the easiest way to ask a girl out?
I've been single for 8 months, why can't I find love?
Can a distance relationship be productive?
How long should you wait after ending a relationship, before dating again?
How should I treat my ex-girlfriend after breaking up?
How do I make a guy actually interested in me instead of sexually interested in me?
When should I give up on my girlfriend?
My mother gets immense pain in the heel every time she is out for a long time. Is there anything she could do on her own for it?
Why do interviewers always say that they will give me an answer before a specific date, but most of the time I never hear from them again?
Would it ever be okay to ask someone out that you've already asked out before?
Why do I keep getting friend zoned?
How can I just be friends with a girl I love with whom I was once in a relationship?
Why is there this one girl that I can't seem to stop being interested in?
I feel for a girl but currently she is in a relationship, but the time spent with me makes me sure she has feelings for me, what should I do?
Should I talk again to my ex-boyfriend and sort things out?
My ex boyfriend told my friend (when he was drunk) he was with me only for sex. How can somebody act they're in love, just to get what they want?
How do I get my ex out of my mind?
Would a guy mind dating a girl smarter than him?
How should I hate my ex-boyfriend whom I still love?
How do you move on and get over someone who you like, but shows no interest in you?
All my life, I never received any female attention. Suddenly this girl starts getting attached to me for no reason. But I don't feel anything. Why?
How do I go about asking my ex boyfriend what is holding him back?
How do introverts get a girlfriend?
Should me and this girl text a lot before I ask her out?
How can you tell that a women is interested in you and wants you to make the first move?
Is it true all men cheat? As a man, does this statement offend you? As a woman, would you end your relationship over cheating?
How do I convince my girlfriend's family that I'm the best guy to marry her, given that she belongs to a Muslim family and I’m Hindu?
Why do girls talk about a guy after rejected them?
How can I approach someone who doesn't know me?
Is it possible to find a guy who does not think of sex all the time but who can think of romance as something emotional, too and not just physical?
Why do you want to love a person who loves you like hell?
What are signs that an outgoing guy is actually insecure? My crush acts confident but why won't he talk to me?
If you break up with someone but they keep in touch, what does this mean?
Are polyamorous relationships healthier?
Can I ask out a girl who my friend asked out, not knowing I liked her? She told him she would think about it, but she acts uninterested. She hints for me to ask her out.
Can two dominate personalities and two submissive personalities be in a relationship?
How can I build up my ability to speak up in my relationship?
How can a guy after breakup prevent being attracted to anyone?
What should I answer when my boyfriend asks, "What can I do for him"?
How do I stop loving a man that I want, and love and share children with? I don't know how to let go.
When the female narcissist is cheating, how does she feel?
Is it too creepy that I graphologically analyzed my crush's handwriting, drew her twice, and personality-analyzed her, with her knowing?
I wanna date an IITian, how could I approach one?
How do I ask a girl for her number if I don't know her that well? I got a limited amount of time to ask her before I can't see her for awhile.
She doesn't like to talk more. How can she build that confidence in herself to talk with strangers and convince him to get married with her?
Is liking guys who are loners, smart and have no life, bad?
What should a girl do if she is in love with a stranger and cannot get over from his thoughts?
What shall I wear for my first date as a 28-year-old man? Should I date her even when I knew her from school for a couple of years?
How can I make someone realize that they love someone badly?
What is it like to date someone like your mum's age?
Is it wrong for a girl to propose to a guy she likes?
How long must I give up to propos a girl?
What does it mean if a girl tells me not to knock on my door?
Why would a girl who rejected me be offended if I asked out another girl?
I've asked a couple girls to prom but gotten rejected both times. How many girls should I ask before I give up?
How do you romance a guy?
Can a hopeless romantic and a blunt realist ever have a healthy relationship?
What should I do if I still like a guy who is 39 years old and I am 29 years old? Is there a future for us, in the sense that can I marry him as he is my ex?
Is it normal for a 32 year old man to have been dumped by 28 women?
What should I do if a girl controls me sexually?
Should I go out and find my future wife? Or should I let life just happen?
I have a friend who wants to cut. Should I stop him or encourage him?
A couple weeks ago I asked a girl out over text message, and she said she'll let me know when she is free. She never did. What does this mean?
Would it be possible for me to find a future girlfriend that would love to financially support me via Internet dating/online dating?
How should I react to finding out that my girlfriend has cheated on me with my best friend?
How is it possible to meet some one 11 years ago and still think about them with out contact?
Do guys like girls around 5'2″?
How do I know if he truly loves me even though he cheated on me with his twin brother’s wife? He thought I was cheating, so he did. Does he love me?
My boyfriend licked my face when I had sunscreen on. Is he in any harm?
What are the ways to make a lady like you?
Should I tell my boyfriend that I am jealous of his girl best friend?
Is it a good idea to still have sex with an ex-narc after he discarded you?
What girl trends do guys hate?
What are the things that impress a girl in a boy?
Can cold and warmhearted people have a good relationship, as the saying goes, opposites attracts?
My son just got engaged to a lovely girl, but her mother is terrible. What do I do?
I feel the urge to make noise when I make love. Would this be OK with her?
How do I have a good relationship if my girlfriend and I are shy when we are near each other?
What should I do for my girlfriend to forgive me after breaking up with her?
I am deeply in love with a girl 2 years older than me. What does that tell about me?
How do I know if a girl is a virgin without asking her uncomfortable questions?
My friend and I both like each other before. Now he has his someone and he still shows his affection to me. I still like him. What should I do?
A girl is offering me to have sex with her, what should I do?
Is it weird for a 41-year-old guy to marry a 22-year-old woman?
How do I confess my deep feeling to my guy genuinely without being dramatic?
Will a guy want to marry a girl with diffuse hair loss?
Is it really worth feeling all depressed after a relationship break up?
What does it mean when you kiss a girl and later she tells you that she didn't feel anything?
Has anyone met a boyfriend/girlfriend on Quora?
Why is my ex apologizing after all the hurtful things he said to me a few days ago?
Do guys like girls who play guitar?
What does it mean when you kiss a girl and later she tells you that she was expecting to feel something but she didn't feel anything?
How do you know if someone was ever a boy if she doesn't have a penis?
What would you do when you like a colleague so bad but dating is not allowed in your office?
What should I do to make him feel loved if he's broken and won't open up?
Is there any way to prove to my ex that I do not have NPD? I lied and hurt her. She is convinced that I am a narcissist because of this.
Do you regret breaking up with your boyfriend/girlfriend because of your parents’ pressure? Why?
My husband is abroad and he is mad at me and he is ignoring me. What can I do?
Is cooking a man's or a woman's job?
How can I make my boyfriend share his problem, which he is suffering from, with me?
How do I get over being in love with my best friend for 9 months? When I try to take time away to get over her, she keeps resisting.
Why do I fall for anyone who treats me nicely or pays the slightest bit of extra attention to me?
How can I meet an intelligent sincere IITian guy?
What's your SWOT analysis on yourself as a potential dating partner?
What do I do if I get mixed feelings when my boyfriend of 6 months who loves me touches me?
What should I do to make someone who can’t forget her past love or relation, like me?
What does American call dating mean? To allow their children to meet?
Asking my girl to always talk to me, to share everything with me, to care about me and meet frequently is leading to more arguments. What should I do?
If girls save your contact as “Life”, what does it mean?
Why couldn't Ahsoka Tano feel whoever killed Letta Turmond in prison and why she couldn't feel that it wasn't Ventress but Barriss who attacked her?
Should I marry a girl who is older than I am and who is a divorcee?
If a guy that likes me got mad and blocked me because I didn't reply, does that mean he actually cares or doesn't care about me?
How shall I tell that a girl secretly likes me over text?
How can I see my girlfriend’s texts and incoming calls?
Is it bad that I do nothing to stop my brother from doing sex regularly with his girlfriend in our house?
How do I go on to love again after a 20-year marriage dissolves when I am still filled with sadness and grief a year later?
My girlfriend and I were making out. I was kissing close to her cleavage, but when my hand went near her boobs she told me “not boobs”? What might be the reason?
My girlfriend told me to "get the XXX out of her life", should I?
What is the best site to meet a single guy?
How do I keep my boyfriend happy?
I'm 18 years old Indian boy but my girlfriend is 10 months older than me. I'm 175 cm tall and she is 158 and she is Chinese. Is this okay?
How does it feel to have a relationship with someone who is already in a relationship?
I told my dad that I want to marry the guy I love. My family has cut off all ties with me. What do I do? I don't think I can live without my family.
Should I worry that my boyfriend shows a lot of attention to another woman and at times is so focused on her that he ignores me?
I am in a new relationship with a friend two weeks after ending a 4 year relationship. I am much more happier and at ease. Is there hope?
How will you appease your customer if he was late getting the cab and paid for it but is now asking for a refund?
There's this guy who likes me and I like him too, but he has a girlfriend though he said things are ending between them. What should I do?
Can someone be my half-girlfriend?
Do girls feel happy when a friend apologizes for his mistake?
Have you ever been in a relationship which was supposed to be perfect but after a point you felt helpless and unsure?
If a person asks a lot of questions, is he a confused man or a genuine seeker of truth?
Is asking someone an ETA wrong?
How do know when someone truly loves you?
Do girls fall in love with a guy who is bald at the age of 22?
What does the convict ask Pip to bring him?
Why do most girls date us just to make their ex-partners jealous?
How can I make my girlfriend feel like a woman?
What do you think of the Kerala sage who raped a girl for 8 years who castrated him? Do you think what she did was right?
Why is the person that birthed me still seeing the man that abused me as a child?
How can I meet japanese women?
Should I warn girls about a guy who has very bad character?
What would you do if your girlfriend talks to her friend in their native language in front of you?
Statistically what are the chances of finding "the one" then having a relationship with that person that lasts?
My friend of 1 year kissed my crush in front of me today. What should I do? I thought about getting over both of them and finding another friend.
What should I do? He confessed his love to me, but each time he was drunk and called me the next day just to apologize for saying all that.
How do I control my insecurity and jealousy over my girlfriend?
Why does she call me her “gay best friend” even if I'm straight?
Why girls don't want to have sex with me?
How do I get rid of my psycho girlfriend, who is mentally harassing me?
What does it mean if your loving, caring, devoted spouse tells you he has never been "in love" with you or anyone?
How can I stop my urge for sex when I see any beautiful or sexy girl passing by me in my aquantaince or friend circle? My dream is to become an IAS.
If my friend sneakily clicks some pictures of me, what are the laws that I can use for complaining against him?
How can I be open minded while dating?
Coming from a broken home family and kind of cheated on once and surrounded by people in infidelity, what should I do to believe in love again?
Why is my ex texting me twice a month after our breakup, but when I call him to clarify things he doesn’t pick up my calls?
What does it mean when your crush ignores you one day and seems suddenly into you on other days?
Why is my ex making me jealous?
I met a girl on a dating app, but saw her friend, and she is much cuter. How do I get her to hook me up with her friend?
How do I not stalk my ex on Facebook? He got married to a girl he said he had no chance with when I doubted him with her when we were dating. I feel terrible
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and have even kissed. Is he interested in me?
Am I doing the right thing thinking about ending a relationship?
A married man flirts, winks, and calls me ‘dear’ and ‘sweetheart’. What's going on here?
What happens if your boyfriend and bestie go for a trip leaving you behind?
I am 18 and my girl is 17, so can I take her to a room, which I'll book, as she is a minor?
Is it normal to have a crush on a girl you met just three days ago?
I am always confused about what to wear where? I am 25 yrs old married Indian women. I am generally comfortable in western outfit but never confident
My daughter is moving away after getting married, she wants me to move closer or move in with her. Is that a good idea?
Is it ok to leave a girl who doesn't love you back and calls you only when she needs something from you? Otherwise, she refuses to meet you even once.
My principal took my phone while checking my bag and she is not returning it back. How can I get it back?
Would you be honest about an abusive (not physical) ex to their new girlfriend/boyfriend?
I am deeply in love with a guy that is 2 years younger than me. What does that say about me?
How does it feel to know that you are the crush of a very beautiful girl in your school, college or neighborhood?
Why are people living in Amritsar and Chandigarh so good looking? How can one be like them, if he is an average guy and a Delhiite?
Is there a secret to asking a women out and getting a good success rate?
Do boys share with their friends about the girl who they like?
What is your viewpoint regarding this phrase - You should forgive your friend and accept her apology: "This is what our culture teaches us?
How do you motivate a girl who is just at home doing nothing after getting her degree?
A boy is extracting my information from different sources. He is not safe. I don't know him. What should I do?
Are there any statistics around what percentage of breakups happen because the girl dumped her partner, or otherwise?
How can I find love when I don't put myself out there? I want things to happen naturally without having to use dating apps, etc.
Do you guys like fat babes?
If you ask a girl in a public library if she has a boyfriend and she tells you she’s not going to answer that, what does it mean?
I saw a girl 4 times at a theme park but I didn't talk to her. I can't forget her, I think about her all the time. What should I do?
How can I convince my mother to allow me to marry my boyfriend, who is from a different caste?
My brother has a girlfriend of 10 months. Should she be in the family wedding photos?
My boyfriend cursed me because we have little misunderstanding, can I marry that kind of person?
What are the questions you want to ask a guy when you are going to marry him?
Why does the guy I’m dating regard me as bossy?
If your boyfriend was walking home and happened to see an ex and started talking to her, would you be upset, even if his intentions weren't bad?
How do I make a relationship with a cheater work out?
How can I impress my crush to win her over?
Have you ever been in a situation where you want to love someone but just can't no matter how hard you try?
Should I believe her when she says "It's not you, it's me"?
Do Arab guys like Mexican girls?
Why is my ex bothering to apologize after all the hurtful things he said and then saying we shouldn't talk for awhile?
What makes any guy, narcissist or psychopath, decide whom to victimize, if it’s a man or a woman?
What was dating like in the 80s & 90s as compared to now?
Has anyone regretted breaking off a relationship in hindsight?
How do I get revenge on people who ignored me intentionally again and again for no reason?
What should you do if you fall in love with your best friend's crush and you know that he loves you back but he doesn't confess it? He doesn't love her.
What a girl can do if boyfriend's parents searching bride for him but he is not telling his parents about his 10 years relationship with you?
What does a girl want in her would-be husband?
Why can't I focus on liking one girl?
A poem from 13 Reasons Why asks, “How many circles can I walk in before I give up looking? How long before I’m lost for good?” What does this mean?
Someone I loved once gave me a box full of darkness. It took me years to understand that this too was a gift. What does that mean?
What does it mean when a woman keeps blinking her eyes?
Should a girl be worried if she has her period twice in a month?
As a Muslim parent, will you allow your underage girl to get married to a man much older than she is?
Is it wrong to hide your real age from your classmates?
How should I approach the 17 year old son of my new girlfriend?
What is the likelihood that if a guy and his female friend shared a hotel room abroad that he would try to have sex with her?
How can I make my ex interested in me again?
Can you love someone from your childhood?
Can I ever date a Scorpio man since I'm a Leo woman?
It's been 3 years since my boyfriend and I broke up, but now I miss him and I want to talk to him. He is already dating someone. What should I do?
What does it mean when a man calls you yummy?
I cursed a girl I know out on Facebook Messenger. She didn't reply, but she didn't delete me or unfriend me. What does this mean?
What does it mean when your friend asks the guy you're talking to what he thinks about you and he says it's different?
Why is it that no matter how nice others treat me or flirt with me, I always go back to my first crush?
One of my best friends pretends that she can't remember my important details. What does she want me to understand?
Should I visit my online boyfriend in his country (Mexico)?
Do you think I should just tell him what I want?
He is not over his ex and want to stay friends with me? What should I do?
Does my boyfriend's brother hate me?
He kissed me on my lips and afterwards he kissed me on my neck, and we are not even a couple. Do you think I should ask him about our status?
Should I hang out with someone just because they're lonely?
Why do we find ways to skip chances to propose to a girl whom we love the most?
Me and my best friend are very close. Yesterday she said, “I want a good boy friend”, then my heart skipped a beat. What do I do now, tell her my feelings or not?
What are your thoughts on the dual relationship described in socionics?
If I’m 27 years old, then how can I represent India in athletics?
Why does my ex text me but when I call him to clarify things doesn't he pick up my calls?
What does it mean if a guy always favor a girl?
What is the difference between “I like you” and “I love you”?
What is the best poetry I can send to a girl that I like?
How do you know if a guy you dated on and off is jealous, and how do you fix it?
My boyfriend has a really bad home environment. He is lovely at times, but would scream at me everytime I did something wrong. What should I do?
Can a person with social interaction difficulties enter an intimate/close relationship? And if so, how?
What did Sarita Nair mean when she said in the solar panel scam case 'Show me one politician who has not slept with me'?
Why does an ex text me after our breakup, but, when I call him to clarify things, doesn't pick up my calls?
How do I make girlfriends who are 3 or 4 years older than me?
When he says he really likes everything about you and wants a long-term relationship, is he really in love with you or does he just want to be physical?
Why do girls match you on Tinder and, later on, never answer any of your texts? Is it because they are not interested?
What are good dares to ask over text?
How can I get some dignity and respect for myself by not going after somebody who doesn't want to be with me?
What is the most tell tale sign that you’re involved with a convert narcissist in a relationship?
Should I stop begging my boyfriend to marry me and find somebody else?
How can I get a girlfriend from LSR?
Why do Disney movies give such bad dating advice?
How do you deal with someone you've wronged twenty years ago but still hates you?
Why is my boyfriend angry because he said that I masturbate too much during sex?
I am chatting with an American guy I met through reddit text strangers community. Is it a good idea?
What is it to finally find someone who loves you, understands you and completes you but cannot promise their whole life with you?
For the second time in my life, I have fallen in love with the wrong person. What should I do?
One of my friends has an M.Tech in remote sensing. She has done teaching for 2 years. She wants to get back to work. What are her options?
I confessed my feelings to my friend (both 21) but he likes me as a friend. Yet he has been talking and acting normally like nothing happened. Why?
How do I get a girl to like me again?
Well I am 18 and my girl 17 can I take her to the room which I'll book as she's a minor?
I have a problem obsessing over girls, how do I get over it?
How do I behave with an ex crush and current friend?
Why do I find it so hard to get over my crush?
How is it to date a bisexual girl who is already in a relationship with another girl?
How do I stop crushing on a celebrity girl? I'm male, 21 years old and I'm crushing big time on Camila Cabello. I can't help being attracted to her.
Now that I've decided that online dating is the worst idea ever, how should I go about meeting nice people in the real world?
Why was I rejected by 4 girls at a speed dating event?
I just dumped my man because I'm not sure if he still has feelings for his kids mother. Did I overreact?
What does a guy think if girls asks for their number?
I am talking online to a man for marriage and have fallen for him before even seeing him in person. Does he love me?
Should I tell my best female friend that I love her before she moves to Bangalore for high school?
Can a guy like someone else whilst entering a new relationship?
Is there any girl who is not satisfied​ with marriage?
What is appropriate in love and sex?
What can I do if someone I love the most thinks I am guilty of doing something wrong, when I am in a situation where I cannot prove my innocence?
What's the solution when my boyfriend left me and it wasn't my fault? It was my sister's. How can I make him listen? He blocked me.
How could I date Chloe Moretz as a poor dude?
How do I resolve this relationship mess? Moreover, how should I face myself? I agree I made mistakes, so how do I overcome this dark phase?
What do you do if you want to be with someone who would tell you that they will try but that you could never match or replace their ex?
Can I have a relationship with a guy who doesn't wanna marry?
Is it true that men are sexually attracted to most of their female friends?
What lies was Robert Kennedy exposing that got the Palestinians and the British very, very upset and had him murdered?
If a woman agrees to have sex with a man only if he wears a condom and he removes it without her knowing and against her will, does this become rape?
Is it ok to text a girl you had falling out with?
Should I give up my relationship to make my partner happy with his real love? He is so cold to me this past few weeks.
Recently, one of my friends just got into a relationship. Now when she posts pics of herself with her boyfriend, why am I getting so jealous?
Do most women see me as a loser because I have no dating or relationship experience?
If I traveled to North Korea and started flirting with a woman, would she be interested in me? Or would she hate me?
How do you win back your beloved when she appears to care nothing about you?
I'm dating a woman whom I would want to marry but I'm not sexually attracted to her. Is this a sign that the relationship is unsustainable?
How should a girl be treated?
Do you agree that 90% of dating is having the courage to talk to your perspective mate?
How do I talk to my future girlfriend on Skype?
If she left me, will she come back?
What is the best way to find dates without dating sites? I'm a 50 year old woman, stable, empty-nester, and a fulfilling career.
Is there a woman who’s bisexual and polyamorous with a female primary partner? How do you navigate through your wants and needs?
What did Chandler mean when he said, "I think it just fell off" to Janice?
Should I always receive money from my boyfriend?
Six years of a relationship, who moves on first?
How do I approach a boy I am interested in?
Why does a man kiss a girl on the neck when the girl tries to get away?
I'm 18 and in a same sex, long distance relationship. What should I be worried about if anything?
If a man is grabbing you by the hips and shaking them while he stands over you, is he possibly "steadying you" if you aren't hysterical, just silent?
Can one marry another woman if they have the consent of their first wife?
Is there a real true psychic that can tell me if my girlfriend really loves me and only me?
What does ‘fighting fair’ mean?
I love this girl so much that I can not imagine my life without her. However, I don't feel any sexual desire or attraction for her. Is this possible?
A girl I know intiated texting twice, and always asking about school, does that mean she is interested?
My boyfriend dumped me a few months ago. I was feeling better, then my father passed away unexpectedly about six weeks ago. I'm a mess. What do I do?
What happened to your ex who left you for someone else?
What do I do if I like my friend’s new girlfriend and I am willing to lose that friend for her?
Is it ok to stay with a good man if I'm not in love? I function better with him.
How I can deal with the trouble of trying to catch a girl?
My new girlfriend wants me to have a beard. I've let it grow for two weeks and don't like it. She says it makes me more attractive. What should I do?
Is a relationship with a student good or bad?
How can you slowly build up a friendship that develops into a relationship?
A 4-year-old innocently told me that I'm going to die, out of nowhere. Should I be alarmed? She said she'd be sad, and people go to heaven after they die.
I was convicted of a sex crime about 5 years ago at 23 and ultimately was charged about 9 months later. It ruined my life. What can I do?
What does it mean when a guy offers you his t-shirt?
Will I get over this break up someday?
What would you do if your boyfriend doesn’t want to marry you but wants to be in a relationship with you?
How can I stop fantasizing about my ex?
Is it legal for a 17-year-old to engage in sexual relations with an adult over the age of 25 in the state of Texas?
My boyfriend says he "lost the spark" in our relationship. Can we get it back?
My parents don't talk to me anymore. They don’t even allow my siblings to contact me. What can I do?
How do you make your crush laugh without talking to her?
Has your boyfriend/girlfriend died in front of you?
In what way should I talk to a girl who thinks I am ignoring her?
Will my future wife get mad if I buy her lingerie and ask her to wear it on Valentine's Day?
What does it mean when a guy cries for a girl?
What should I do? I think my gf doesn't get that I'm asexual.
Should I still be around my boyfriend if he's beginning to act weird?
I'm in highschool and want to take an abroad summer trip but my mom keeps saying no. We have the money but she won't even discuss it. What do I do?
What are some subtle methods I can use to get a girl to confess her feelings?
Psychologically, why am I attracted to 'bad boys'?
To which song should I propose to her to?
What if your citation is dated wrong?
Both my fiancé's ex and my ex's girlfriend are rude towards me though I have been nothing but kind to both. What gives, and how do I handle it?
When the guy I like showed interest in me, I had a panic attack and rejected him. Now he doesn't want to talk to me. Is there a way to fix this?
How do I overcome the fact that I will never have chances to meet my crush again?
My husband has admitted that he sometimes feels contempt for me. I feel it. Can this be overcome and can we return to a strong relationship?
Why did my crush leave me on read when I sent him a text, even though he stares at me and tries to get close to me?
How do you break up with someone without hurting them?
Why am I always pushed around?
How long does it take to get over being broken up with?
Is a boyfriend who loves a lot but is so insecure that he keeps me away from my male friends worth keeping?
What if I ask a girl to be my best friend?
How do I know if my hubby is cheating on me? I have a girl's name and a number. Though he is into film direction, the msg. didn't read right.
What are some things that guys find attractive in a girl?
Why did he talk badly about all his online dates?
What does it mean when a girl tells you that she'd like to be with you but it doesn't depend much on her will?
What is the best way to find out if my girlfriend is still messaging or communicating with her ex if she doesn't have a phone?
My boyfriend has decided to choose his friends over me. Should I leave him forever?
How do casual relationships turn exclusive?
I love my girlfriend, we've been together for over a year, but I feel like I'm losing my feelings/interest, why am I feeling this way?
Why do they like me but don’t come closer?
My tutor always tells me personal details about himself, opens the door for me, & treats me more like a friend than a student. Is he attracted to me?
How is it like to marry a Moroccan lady?
Why does my LD truck driving boyfriend go embarrassed when his mate saw me and commented on me being pretty? I would think he was proud of me?
How do I get friendly with girls?
Is it okay to be single when you're​ 21? The last time I dated someone was a year ago. I am even getting worse at flirting and making friends.
Should I give my crush a lift?
I don't think he's a narcissist. But he hasn't spoken to me in 3 months. He moved on to a new love. Is there any point in going no contact?
My son was put on juvenile probation, now his father wants him to come live with me in another state, how can I get him transferred here with me?
My friend eats paper and I am worried about him. What should I do?
Why are my brothers disrespecting my girlfriend?
Is it healthy to go a week in a relationship/marriage without speaking to your significant other?
What's a movie where the guy gets his heart broken by a girl, loses his mind, and comes back years later as a super villain?
I had been so much in love with this guy from college for several months. He insulted me very rudely on our graduation trip. Why would he do that?
I like a guy who is not like most other guys. He is also 2 years older than me. How can I tell if he likes me back?
How do I find a girlfriend when I am too busy with my career?
What would you do, if your 14-year-old friend tried to date your 18-year-old brother, even after you told her to stop and she lied to your face about it?
If your significant other is fine with you casually flirting with others, what does it imply? Is it out of trust or does it mean something else?
If a girl, who cheated me earlier, has been cheated on, should I accept her in my life again if she has come back for emotional support?
My daughter broke up with her first boyfriend. She's heartbroken, I don't know what to do. Is there anything I can do?
Is it okay for a boy to date a girl if they are one year apart (age wise) but 3 grades apart? (The guy is the older one.)
My friend said that my crush told her that he likes me. Can she be lying?
How do you know when to go out on a first date after you asked someone out?
Is it worth having sex with a 25 year old man as a 40 something year old woman? What do you think the drawbacks could be?
What should I do to figure out if he'll take a chance with me?
I talk to my girlfriend's friends but she won't make an effort to get to know my friends. If we are to have a future, what should I do?
How do white boys in the US feel about dating Indian girls? Do they respect Indian cultures?
How does progression in relationships work?
A guy friend asked me to the graduation dance, but I don't like him that way. I also don't want to hurt his feelings, so should I just go with him?
Is it true that if a guy was interested in a girl after a few dates, he would call or text daily?
How do I kiss my girlfriend on the cheek?
My wife said she love me but she said she don't believe in herself, what can I do?
Is it possible for a woman to love a man more than him loving her?
How did you end your last relationship?
How can someone be so loving, kind, sweet for 5 months then just decide they don't want to talk to you anymore? I'm so hurt.
How do I know if the woman I met is scamming me?
Why did my ex look me up on Facebook when he has a girlfriend?
How do you get a Japanese guy to like a Chinese girl?
How do you get the player type of man to commit when he’s reaching that point of change?
Why didn’t my parents have the talk with me?
I'm a confident individual but I am terrible at pulling girls, why? Am I gay?
How do I deal with guys who act good but are bad in the inside?
My girlfriend is texting and calling me but I failed to answer. She became upset on me, is this a negative sign?
My ex kissed me, called me, told me he misses me, and told me he loves me a month ago. Now he has a new girlfriend. What does this mean?
Could this guy have a crush on me because he stares at me when I’m not looking, glances at me, fixes his hair and gets nervous when I'm around?
What is it if parents and relatives don't support your decision of divorce? I'm a 28 year old female working in India.
How can you tell if a girl is interested in you? How can you tell if she is uninterested?
How does one know if the person you are interested in likes you back?
What gifts should I bring to meet my girlfriend’s parents for the first time?
What is the ideal age to get married as a woman?
Although I love her, I feel like I've begun to lose feelings for my girlfriend. What advice do you have for me in this situation?
Why do I want to have someone to love as a boyfriend or husband if I am only 13?
Is it possible for me to marry another man being a gay in India?
About 15 years ago I woke up and heard the name Lou Corrigan spoken in my mind very distinctly, almost audibly. Why would that happen?
How can she think it’s OK to send her child to gay conversion camp?
I am in a relationship with one person already but at the same time I have feelings for my friend. I don't understand. Why is it happening?
How can I deal with a best friend who is saying she is busy but finding time for something else?
What do you say to a lady when you're a half an hour or two late for your first date?
How do we know that the girl who chats with me is in love?
A girl continuously messages me in WhatsApp. How can I know whether the girl is interested in me?
How can I forget about a girl I am madly in love with but doesn't feel the same?
What should I do to start a conversation with a girl on Quora?
Did someone love a girl for 10 years and later end up losing her?
How do I find a genuine partner?
After months of silence, why would a girl congratulate me?
What is the best thing to do when my girlfriend compliments my best male friend too much?
If you lived as a female acrobat would you have been successful at making good first impressions and why?
Why is it difficult for me to be submissive to my boyfriend? We are trying to start a sub/dom relationship.
What would you do if I ask you out?
Why would a guy who has played many girls before and openly bragged about his past to girls suddenly try to hide his entire past from someone new?
Why would my ex boyfriend add me on Facebook?
Do couples who have been married for a long time still try to impress one another?
Why do love and feelings fade away in a relationship that one thought would never end?
How do you emotionally cope when your ex-narcissist has moved on to more money and a new marriage, and you were left destitute because of him?
Should women pay the entire bill at the first date?
It's been five months and I still think about my ex every day. Is this normal?
Why am I always looking for someone better or different?
Should I be in a relationship with my friend/roommate’s ex?
I’m 22 and I’ve never masturbated and have no sexual urges. Is there something wrong with me?
Date told me "you are too skinnny" on our second date. Why did he decide to date me in the first place if he doesn't like my body type?
How can I know if a player is serious about me, knowing that he hinted for marriage and wife material (take into consideration that he is 22)?
I love her but I'm happy that she moved on with life and probably forgot all about me. Is this a good way to think?
Can break up with your best friend hurt more than break up with your girlfriend?
I saw this girl near City Centre 1 in Salt Lake. She was way too beautiful and sweet. Now it seems that I have fallen for her. How should I find her?
What is the best thing to do if the woman you love doesn't want to get into a relationship because she is focused on her career & obtaining a master’s?
What beautiful lines do you tell your girlfriend who treats you as her best friend?
A girl keeps flaking out on me. Any ideas why or suggestions?
Why do Americans "propose" to their girlfriends?
How do you know if a boy really likes you as a girlfriend?
How can I be less anxious in my relationship?
Is it OK to date a guy who owns a gun?
What does it mean when someone has a crush on you?
Does a guy have a crush on me when he glances at me, stares when I don't look, fixes his hair and gets nervous when I'm around?
I think my best friend may have a crush on me but I don't feel the same. What do I do?
How can I tell a girl who suffers from BPD that I love her?
My dog found a turtle and I just saw him with it. He chewed up its shell pretty bad but I don't know if he killed it. How do I tell if it's okay?
Do you think you would have fallen in a strong love if you never met your spouse?
Why is it that when someone popular gets the guy/girl, and the other girl/guy doesn't?
How do I overcome being in love with Ariana Grande because I don't ever have a chance with her?
One of my boyfriend's co-workers has a huge crush on him and has been looking into my life. Should I say anything about it?
How do I break up with the man that I have loved for over 23 years and still deeply love?
Should I get back with my ex-girlfriend, who cheated on me with someone else and had sex with them, if I'm still interested in her and love the sex?
Did Dylan McIntyre tell his dad about his cheating girlfriend and if so, how did it go?
Me and my ex were together for 5 years. I started to take her for granted and she dumped me. Do you think it made me a bad boyfriend?
Is it a good idea to talk to your ex before getting married?
A girl I know talks to walls, is that bad?
How can I convince my mom to stop being too religious as it is damaging her social and family relations?
Can I trust a man who is 20 years older than me?
What should I talk about with her on a dinner or dinner date?
If a girl you really liked seemed very interested in you at first but then gave you the cold shoulder for no apparent reason, would you keep trying?
Is FWB a way that people date nowadays?
Does a proposal change things in a relationship?
As man I have always faced difficulty because I'm short. Should I prevent myself from having children of my own because they might suffer like me?
What's with a man who has had 4 dates with me and says he wants to see me again soon but doesn't talk or text me during the week?
Why did my ex like my picture from a year ago on Instagram?
How do I refuse his proposal without hurting him?
I’m married to a narcissist and was advised to do the grey rock thing, but it's killing me. When should I do this, and when should I not?
Would you date a trans man that has done top and bottom surgery?
What do you say to a lady when you're a half an hour late on your first date?
Why are you single till now and with no past relationships? Why don’t you want to get married or get committed in India?
What's a good short love letter for your girlfriend on your two month anniversary? We are young so we can't do much.
My ex-boyfriend blamed me for everything and then blocked me. Why?
I had dream that while I was kissing a girl I stabbed her in the back. Why?
A girl said to me,"I am interested on you but haven't fall for you yet". What does this mean?
How do I choose between a crush and my bf, who broke my heart a lot of times?
How do I get over the fear of never being romantically loved?
I just got engaged last month. It's an arranged thing. How do I know if she likes me or some other guy?
My tutor always opens the door for me, tells me about his personal life, & seems more like a friend. Do you think he has romantic interest in me?
Is it possible to have a good friends with benefits relationship with someone you once dated, or will feelings (jealousy, attachment, etc) arise again?
What are the best books on moving on from a relationship that never started?
How far or to what extent should you be optimistic in a relationship? Where should you stop?
Why would he fight so hard for us and beg for me back, professing he's never been more sure of anything, and then leave me?
Who want to text me?
How do I stop fanstasizing about my ex and move on?
Can anyone in Europe explain to me which group is the bad guys according to popular opinion: Antifa or Pegida/Legida (and the likes)?
Can you offer me some advice on asking a girl out on a date?
Why won't a girl whom I liked and who has blown me off leave me alone, even when I have told her we can never be friends?
What should I do to figure out if he will take a chance with me?
Can I message a guy that's ignoring me?
I fell hard for someone I only dated for 1 month. He dumped me after sex. Now, I often see him in our small town. How do I get over it? It's been almost 6 months.
Why does my FWB get jealous when I casually talk about other guys?
What if you feel that girl is just the one for you? Do you chase her to death even if being together looks so hard currently, even after so many years?
My boyfriend has decided to choose his friends over me. How do I deal with it?
How can I be of help during my girlfriend’s period?
Are you suppose to be lonesome when you are married?
What lie was Robert Kennedy exposing that cost him his life?
I'm 14 and why don't I find girls as attractive as I used to?
How is the life of a lady military officer in India? Do lady officers even consider civilian guys for dating?
Why would a guy smile to himself?
My girlfriend loves me but she don't have sexual feelings on me. She cheated on me with her friend. She can't think of me in that way. What can I do?
My girlfriend is jealous of my female best friend. What should I do?
What do boys who are into big/curvy girls like about them?
My friend was talking to my crush and my crush said he would never date me. So should I just give up?
Why do girls not like successful guys?
If your partner cheated on you, is it possible to forgive him and continue the relationship?
Is there anything wrong with live-in relationships?
How can I show through my body language that I still care about my crush?
There is this girl on social media whom I really like, but I have never really talked to her either online or IRL. How do I approach her?
Is moving out but still staying together plausible?
What should you do when you think your bisexual best friend has a crush on you?
How long should I wait to see if my parents ever come around and accept my choice about my partner?
How can I be less anxious in my relationship? And how can I learn to take a step back and let them take control?
How do I get rid of all this emotional baggage from my past relationships?
How should I express my feelings to a mature serious boy?
My close friend went out with my crush and her friends and told me nothing. Is it what friends always do?
How do I overcome a girl who ditched me in love?
How do I not message my girl friend "too much" and not be clingy?
Why do I dream of my first incomplete love after a regular interval even if I never think about her and had moved on?
My ex didn't call me after I texted that I regret dumping him and wanted to talk, but he still likes my pictures. I'm confused. Should I give him more space?
Why is it that, when my one guy friend and I hang out, we seem to always hang out for 7+hours at a time?
How do I get back a girl for a chat online, who used to encourage my flirtatious remarks and now not responding to even regular messages?
Do you consider yourself a romantic guy?
Why should you talk to your ex just because he noticed and liked something in your profile on WhatsApp?
Why can’t I insult someone when I know he is making a fool of me? Is he doing wrong or is he trying to manipulate me?
I'm madly in love with someone, who's using me & confessed it too, but I'm unable to accept it. What should I do?
Why and how could someone who says that he or she loves you break up with you the very next day?
How can I get him to feel comfortable and regain his trust when I broke his heart and rejected in the worst possible way?
My guy friend told me to ignore a guy I like (likes me too) on WhatsApp to check if he is serious and really wants me. Is it true?
What would you do if you had told a girl that you would marry her and later your parents won't agree to the marriage?
How do I get my sister to pay me a huge amount of money that she owes me because she doesn't want to pay up?
What was your relationship with your boyfriend like in the beginning?
Why did my crush look at me, as if he were searching for something on my demeanor, when I passed by him?
How do you say, "Either the boy or the girl has done this" in Chinese?
How do I know if a girl is a virgin without asking her uncomfortable questions?
What do girls think about cars?
Will my future wife get mad if I buy her lingerie and ask her to wear it on Valentine's Day?
How can I make an introvert girl like me?
Is an honest approach a good way to get with a girl?
Is it ok to go on a date with two different people?
Why can't I stop thinking about my male friend, even when I'm not romantically interested in him?
Just because I am helpless, is it fair to call me a negative guy?
What if your citation is dated wrong?
How do you know if someone was ever a boy if she doesn't have a penis?
In Japanese culture, how long does dating take until the woman is ready to get physical?
What are some things that guys find attractive in a girl?
How should I let a girl know that I like her?
Does the success of rich men dating websites conclusively prove that the majority of women are gold diggers?
What do I do if I get mixed feelings when my boyfriend of 6 months who loves me touches me?
What's your SWOT analysis on yourself as a potential dating partner?
We've been together for 4 years and it's quite late that I've found out that he had been chatting with his ex during our first 2 years. Should I get angry?
Is it okay to be single when you're​ 21? The last time I dated someone was a year ago. I am even getting worse at flirting and making friends.
He is seeing someone else. I can't take this pain. Why has my narcissistic husband abandoned me and made no contact?
Why are my brothers disrespecting my girlfriend?
I had been so much in love with this guy from college for several months. He insulted me very rudely on our graduation trip. Why would he do that?
What can I do or say to get him back with the same amount of hurt as he has hurt me?
What is the worst relationship advice you can ever give?
I really want to ask this girl I met recently to go to prom. I knew her since I was 12 but lost touch over the years. Should I ask? (Prom is on June 28.)
How do I decline an invitation from my brother's girlfriend?
How do I calm my best friend when she's crying like "wooah," and she won’t tell me the reason either?
How can I confirm the BITSAT test date? My initial date is tomorrow, but I’ve requested it for the 30th.
What is the best way to make yourself want to be single and be happy while single when you long for a serious relationship?
I am in a new relationship with a friend two weeks after ending a 4 year relationship. I am much more happier and at ease. Is there hope?
She betrayed me, but still she wants to be with me, but she also loves him. What should I do?
Is it healthy to want to be in a relationship with someone despite the lack of feelings towards them?
A guy I used to date and who said he loves me acts depressed when I see him out. Why?
Is it wrong that it makes me mad when people say "She's in a better place"? What does that say about me?
Why girls don't want to have sex with me?
How can someone be so loving, kind, sweet for 5 months then just decide they don't want to talk to you anymore? I'm so hurt.
How do I deal with my ex's anger? How should I tell him to stop harassing me?
Coming from a broken home family and kind of cheated on once and surrounded by people in infidelity, what should I do to believe in love again?
Why do I want to have someone to love as a boyfriend or husband if I am only 13?
Is it a confidence builder to go for a girl who's out of your league?
What shall I do to get my crush back?
Why would my ex boyfriend add me on Facebook?
Why don't I have a girlfriend? I am a nice guy with a great job, but I don't have the gift of looks.
Why would a guy say he's not interested in a girl, when his actions say otherwise?
Which are the best exercises for overall growth of the body of a 15-year-old boy?
How do I convince my best friend to leave her boyfriend? Both say they love each other but keep fighting every minute and it's ruining her life and career.
How do I make a relationship with a cheater work out?
What was dating like in the 80s & 90s as compared to now?
Is it possible to be in love with 2 guys at the same time?
If a man is willing to do anything regardless of ethics, can we say he has no bottom line?
Why does a man talk about other women he has been involved with or still want him to a woman he is dating?
Why is it that no matter how nice others treat me or flirt with me, I always go back to my first crush?
How can't you know when an insincere friend is just faking being real?
Should I promise my girlfriend marriage in the future?
How do people rationalize that they're not in a bad relationship when they're in a bad relationship?
What does it mean if a guy always favor a girl?
What would be your reply if someone you loved said, 'Hmmm' when you really wanted to speak more?
What did Sarita Nair mean when she said in the solar panel scam case 'Show me one politician who has not slept with me'?
After one year of being in a relationship, my boyfriend confessed to me that he has a drinking problem. How can I help him?
She used to be pretty responsive over my messages but these days she just reads, why?
Is it possible to have a good friends with benefits relationship with someone you once dated, or will feelings (jealousy, attachment, etc) arise again?
How many times do you go out with someone before having sex?
What is the most tell tale sign that you’re involved with a convert narcissist in a relationship?
How can I know if she likes me or not? When I talk to her she just smiles and looks away she doesn't say anything.
Why does my new boyfriend avoid me when we finally have alone time together?
If you got to know your wife was cheating on you while you guys were dating, what will you do?
Why do girls avoid their female classmates?
My girlfriend is jealous of my female best friend. What should I do?
An American girl wants to marry a Pakistani guy and wants to move to Pakistan. Is it a good idea?
Is safe flirting liberating for women?
How do you end a relationship with somebody that you don't hate but just not physically attracted to anymore?
What is wrong when an Aquarius girl suddenly ignores me?
Can a 13 year old be in love with a 22 year old guy?
Do your partner's facial features sometimes bother you? Is it normal?
How do I overcome a girl who ditched me in love?
How can I make my girlfriend to love me again after she moved on with her first love?
I'm trying to move on from my best friend who has a boyfriend but I can't, what should I do?
How do you win back your beloved when she appears to care nothing about you?
Should I hide my Tinder page from my ex if I want him back?
Is it ok to stay with a good man if I'm not in love? I function better with him.
How do I have a good relationship if my girlfriend and I are shy when we are near each other?
I am socially awkward with girls. How can I change that?
I'm in a relationship, but I'm starting to like another guy. What should I do?
How can a guy approach a girl if he catches her staring and suddenly looking away when he caught her staring?
How would the dating scene be affected if people took a reverse ageing drug and started getting younger?
Why is my ex apologizing after all the hurtful things he said to me a few days ago?
Why do guys call girls babe?
Why do girls gossip about it to their friends after they reject a guy?
What shows that you still love your partner after so many years of staying together?
Is cooking a man's or a woman's job?
What do you do if no one asks you out?
Why do they like me but don’t come closer?
Should I text this girl, or wait a few months to meet her?
Should I give my crush a lift?
Is asking a girl out in a big way a good idea to get her to say yes?
Is it bad that I do nothing to stop my brother from doing sex regularly with his girlfriend in our house?
Should I continue to date him?
How will you appease your customer if he was late getting the cab and paid for it but is now asking for a refund?
"Oh no! She's upset! Let me give her time too cool off." Why are all guys like that?
Is modern day dating completely hopeless?
My best guy friend is younger than me, and I like him, but we'll be in different schools next year. Should I tell him?
How do narcissists respond, when confronted by a supplier's partner? Would she be more likely to deny it and say we are just friends or be boastful?
If a girl knows a guy likes her but she doesn't tell him she has a boyfriend, is that leading him on or being dishonest?
What are the signs that a female is just passing time with you?
How do you get a Japanese guy to like a Chinese girl?
How do you get the player type of man to commit when he’s reaching that point of change?
I’m going out of town for a few days and I just got two kittens. If I leave a lot of food and water will they be okay?
Is it crazy to ask my boyfriend if he's in it for the long haul?
How do I know he's the right guy to marry?
How do I reach out to a recent relationship without seeming needy?
Why does my ex who dumped me cry when I call her?
I am deeply in love with a guy that is 2 years younger than me. What does that say about me?
What can I do about my brother’s ex, who won't leave my grandma's house?
After months of silence, why would a girl congratulate me?
A boy is extracting my information from different sources. He is not safe. I don't know him. What should I do?
Why hasn't the guy I'm dating contact me ever since he went to his country?
Why do some people always expect me to greet them all the time, girls or even fellas, is that a demonstration of power or self importance?
How can a guy increase his flirting skills?
How do I make a girl ready for sex?
Why does the guy I’m dating regard me as bossy?
How easy or difficult is it for a 30-year-old woman to remarry in India after a divorce from a marriage of 6 to 7 years?
What makes any guy, narcissist or psychopath, decide whom to victimize, if it’s a man or a woman?
Why do girls always like you when you're taken?
What does it mean when your bf keeps asking you to be intimate?
A friend wants me to meet a girl to date, but I think she is too fat. How can I exit this nicely?
A poem from 13 Reasons Why asks, “How many circles can I walk in before I give up looking? How long before I’m lost for good?” What does this mean?
Is offensive name calling normal in a relationship? To me, it hurts and I don't know how to explain what I feel.
Does a break up between two friends hurt more than a break up between a romantically engaged couple?
When is it too young for girls to have sex?
My guy friend is in love with me and I don't feel the same. What should I do?
Is it wrong to hide your real age from your classmates?
What innocuous behavior deterred you from dating someone?
Me and my ex were together for 5 years. I started to take her for granted and she dumped me. Do you think it made me a bad boyfriend?
Is it a good idea to talk to your ex before getting married?
What will a girlfriend need from me?
How do I transition from being single to being in a relationship with someone?
I prefer not to have sex, should I say this before the first date?
How can I know if my wife loves me for real?
Whom would you choose: your present partner or the same partner who time traveled to you by realizing her mistake of breaking up which happens later?
What's with a man who has had 4 dates with me and says he wants to see me again soon but doesn't talk or text me during the week?
What are the best ways to propose to a girl in a dramatic way or a film-like style?
Do you think I should just tell him what I want?
What is the best poetry I can send to a girl that I like?
Why would a man who I know liked me, but is damaged from a divorce/ex and not relationship ready, care if he is my rebound or not?
What is the relationship called that is more than friendship and less than love?
Is the guy into you if he tells you his entire day daily?
My gf's roommate told me she is talking to her colleague on phone for hours, do I have to worry?
I just got engaged last month. It's an arranged thing. How do I know if she likes me or some other guy?
Should I marry a good person even if I am not in love with him?
Who want to text me?
My girlfriend just told me that in the last 1.5 years of our relationship she had orgasm only 1 time. Is it my fault?
Can a girl knock a guy out by a kick in the balls?
What should I do to figure out if he will take a chance with me?
Can a damaged, BPD girl ever truly be loved and liked for real?
As a bisexual female, how do I approach relationships with other women?
What are some of the problematic behaviors in relationship being presented as romantic and/or declaration of love in media?
How do you get mild BPD men to completely detach from a relationship that they believe they control?
Do guys prefer dating girls that have a higher education than themselves as much as girls prefer dating someone that has a higher education than theirs?
What is the simple meaning of, “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
Is it normal if your partner's certain habit irritates you? My girlfriend is a little clingy and it irritates me sometimes. Is that normal?
What does it mean when a guy says I'm cute?
How should you consider your lover?
My boyfriend doesn't help me clean up, pay bills or look after the animals. What can I do to get him to help?
Should you split up with your partner if they want you to be Christian but you don't want that?
How do I know if a shy guy might be interested without ever talking to me in general?
Suppose you meet an equally caring person while you are in a relationship. Will you go with this new person?
I asked a girl out in my class and she said maybe. She also gave me her number over Snapchat. What should I do now?
What should I do if my boyfriend is very annoying?
How do I know if he truly loves me even though he cheated on me with his twin brother’s wife? He thought I was cheating, so he did. Does he love me?
What makes someone stay in a narcissistic relationship when they know in their heart that they're in a bad place?
What does it mean when a guy talks about his family upon first meeting?
If I get rejected by a girl, is it ok to pursue her best friend?
Can someone propose a challenge to me?
I was convicted of a sex crime about 5 years ago at 23 and ultimately was charged about 9 months later. It ruined my life. What can I do?
How can I date 2 girls in the same time if they work together?
In Russia, how would you say "you're cute" to a girl, and how would you say "you're cute" to a boy?
Does she not love me?
I'm trying to connect with him again after a really difficult time, how can I proceed?
Why are some girls uncomfortable with talking to other guys when they have a boyfriend?
Has anyone ever dated a Goth?
Why do people love if they know they will just get hurt? Do they love because they just want to have a child?
How do I know that the person I am going to marry is legal?
Would you ask your date why he/she didn't want to go out again after the second date? What did they say when you asked?
Should I be in a long distance relationship with someone whom I've never met in real life?
When the guy I like showed interest in me, I had a panic attack and rejected him. Now he doesn't want to talk to me. Is there a way to fix this?
She is not talking to her male friends that have feeling for her. I told her I liked her before. Now, she is talking to me again. What is with her?
What should I do to make him feel loved if he's broken and won't open up?
I really like this guy and he's a good friend of mine. But he is in love with this other girl that he is also waiting for. What should I do?
Do you regret breaking up with your boyfriend/girlfriend because of your parents’ pressure? Why?
My wife asked for a divorce and now she's acting all happy. What gives? Why is she acting like this?
What do you think about Poland girls?
Can one crush on someone when he or she has a lover?
How do casual relationships turn exclusive?
What should one do if he/she is treated or kept as an option by a person that he/she loves very much?
If girls save your contact as “Life”, what does it mean?
How shall I tell that a girl secretly likes me over text?
What does it mean when your crush always texts you first?
Why do girls flirt with me but don't want to have sex with me?
What are the chances of me getting a mortgage if I have 3 defaults and 1 late payment on my credit file that are 3 years older or more?
Can someone be my half-girlfriend?
If your significant other is fine with you casually flirting with others, what does it imply? Is it out of trust or does it mean something else?
How do know when someone truly loves you?
My friend said that my crush told her that he likes me. Can she be lying?
How can I still be happy even if the guy I really admire busted me because I am not that good looking? I am a discreet bisexual male. No hint at all.
How do I get my (girl) friend back, after I did wrong?
What can a person do so no one likes him anymore?
How did you end your last relationship?
Why would he flirt with other girls in front of me?
Everyone's different but do you think most women become jealous when their partner mentions an old gf or talks to a woman who's just a friend?
I have just ended a 2yr very toxic relationship, we also owned a business together. Why do I feel so sad and hurt so bad when I know it needed to end?
My ex kissed me, called me, told me he misses me, and told me he loves me a month ago. Now he has a new girlfriend. What does this mean?
Why does this guy glancing and staring at me although he knows I've been already taken?
I found out that a gay person of the opposite sex is interested in me (i.e. they're now bi). What are your suggestions if we become a couple?
Up to what sense is it true that when a person is fed up of his/her family they either study too much or they do some wrong business?
How do I tell a friend/roommate I'm in love with him?
How do I find a genuine partner?
Do boys share with their friends about the girl who they like?
Why are people living in Amritsar and Chandigarh so good looking? How can one be like them, if he is an average guy and a Delhiite?
I love a girl but her English is far better than mine. What should I do as I feel embarrassed and will she reject me if I confess?
Why have I start thinking I'm lonely after I got friend-zoned?
My girlfriend is 16 years old and a 30 years old man told her that he wants her and all this time we fight and I didnt know the reason. What to do?
How do I ask my ex boyfriend what's really going through his head?
How do you emotionally cope when your ex-narcissist has moved on to more money and a new marriage, and you were left destitute because of him?
How can I seduce a tomboy? I really like this girl but she is not like other girls. You can check the description for her uniqueness.
Why am I always looking for someone better or different?
How often have you cried because of your significant other?
What should I do if I want my ex back? She dumped me and cheated on me in the past. What should I do?
After how many months the "I'm in love with her" phase turns into "I love her"?
Why is it that when someone popular gets the guy/girl, and the other girl/guy doesn't?
How do I decline an invitation by a girlfriend of my brother?
What is the most desperate thing you have ever done to keep a relationship going?
What is the best way to meet a man?
A girl I know talks to walls, is that bad?
How can I convince my mom to stop being too religious as it is damaging her social and family relations?
What should I talk about with her on a dinner or dinner date?
When it comes to dating, is self-confidence overrated?
How can you tell when your lady is seeing someone else?
How does my girlfriend block me? Even if I am on her account, I can only see certain things depending on what I open it with.
Whom should one choose between the love of her life or her family, who have loved her for 27 years?
How do I tell a girl that I am now interested in a relationship?
I broke up with my first love after a year and a month. She’s really happy now and I regret what I’ve done, what should I do?
My tutor always opens the door for me, tells me about his personal life, & seems more like a friend. Do you think he has romantic interest in me?
How do I tell a girl to stop giving signals and I'm not interested in her?
What are the best books on moving on from a relationship that never started?
Why do girls match you on Tinder and, later on, never answer any of your texts? Is it because they are not interested?
What will you do when your superior ignores your feelings because she is busy with computer work?
My girlfriend thinks I should tell her everything that happens in my life whenever they happen. What should I do?
Would you walk away from a relationship where the partner has child support arrears?
If I can't get a girlfriend, is it because I'm not trying hard enough?
How can I take a relationship from friend helping friend into love?
My girlfriend loves me but she don't have sexual feelings on me. She cheated on me with her friend. She can't think of me in that way. What can I do?
When can an abused victim get over her ex-narcissist completely after she was discarded (in case of a long term relationship, mostly living together)?
Is it wrong if a boy says that he wants to have sex with a classmate publicly?
What does it mean when a guy tells another guy that he’s sexy?
Is moving out but still staying together plausible?
What does it mean when you tell a guy text me or call me later and he never does?
Is telling your date you're bisexual a turn off to them, particularly if they're straight?
I found out my boyfriend was cheating on me, and we've decided to stay together. How do I get used to having sex with him again?
How do I realize if I'm in the wrong relationship?
How strong is the desire of a woman around 30-40 to have sex with younger men around 25?
Do girls/women who are attracted to creeps, perverts, etc. exist?
Why did my friend ask me if his girlfriend is attractive?
Why don’t girls understand boys’ true love?
Why does my girlfriend call me pooch?
How can I find my good guy?
During an online game, a 'friend' of mine was mad at me and tried to expose my address in chat. What should I do in regards of him?
Can I marry a girl who is 2 months older than me?
What are the things that impress a girl in a boy?
Do guys thought of marrying their crush (in real life)?
I broke up with my girlfriend a couple days ago, and I miss her. Should I talk to her now?
Is it ever OK to openly tell someone that you are considering dating them just for the sake of experimenting (with relationship styles)?
Is it normal for a 32-year-old man to have been dumped by 28 women?
What is the benefit of having a girlfriend?
Do some older men (married) fantasize about much younger women?
My husband has admitted that he sometimes feels contempt for me. I feel it. Can this be overcome and can we return to a strong relationship?
Do Leo women come back after breakups?
How do I get over being in love with my best friend for 9 months? When I try to take time away to get over her, she keeps resisting.
What is the best experience about crush that trolls you like hell?
Does he really like me? His friends say he does but he denys it when I ask if it's true.
Who loves first, boys or girls?
What is the best thing to do when he says he thinks it's time to stop seeing each other?
There's this guy who likes me and I like him too, but he has a girlfriend though he said things are ending between them. What should I do?
When a man says he'll always have love for you, what does that mean?
What should I do if my girlfriend has left me?
What does the convict ask Pip to bring him?
Does my ex's brother want more than just our friendship if he asked me how I feel about him?
Given the opportunity, would a man worth his salt like to romance an unlimited number of girls or a single girl in his lifetime?
Statistically what are the chances of finding "the one" then having a relationship with that person that lasts?
How do I shock a person with ASPD who believes he has me under control? How can I prove to him that I know what he is without being frank about it?
My boyfriend's ex GF got an abortion while we were dating. Is it ok to be upset?
What would you ask a matchmaker?
Why am I always interested in girls that aren't interested in me?
A friend is having his wedding in the US and he wants me to attend. He is ready to sponsor my visa. What all documents should I ask from him?
Have you ever been hoovered by an ex narcissistic girlfriend?
What is a rejection to you, any kind of rejection, professional or personal?
Is it a good idea to tell your partner that you cheated?
About 15 years ago I woke up and heard the name Lou Corrigan spoken in my mind very distinctly, almost audibly. Why would that happen?
I'm in love with a girl. What's the next step?
How can I forget about a girl I am madly in love with but doesn't feel the same?
Is it normal to have a crush on a girl you met just three days ago?
My son told me today he wants to be a Boy Scout. He is 8. I am an atheist and I value gay rights. What should I do?
What should you do if the girl you asked out thinks you are going out as friends?
What does it mean when my crush is lusting me?
If you lived as a female acrobat would you have been successful at making good first impressions and why?
I saw a girl 4 times at a theme park but I didn't talk to her. I can't forget her, I think about her all the time. What should I do?
Do you feel everyone cheats in relationships? If so, why?
How do you cope with an ex contacting your mother?
Why would a man say you’re in his heart but wants to go out and flirt with other girls?
My friend frequently tries to find new romances with new boys. He always acts like the next person can be someone special but soon ditches them. Why?
Is a man genuinely interested in a woman if he says he crazily loves her but tacitly avoids meeting in real life and brings up excuses on this pretext?
Should I believe her when she says "It's not you, it's me"?
What is the best method you tried in order to get over a breakup?
What should you do if you fall in love with your best friend's crush and you know that he loves you back but he doesn't confess it? He doesn't love her.
I think my best friend may have a crush on me but I don't feel the same. What do I do?
Are girls more likely to be interested in a guy who's never had a girlfriend before?
Which places could be really nice to meet your date for the first?
What’s wrong with me? Do I have anxiety? (I’m a 17-year-old guy.)
Why would you not talk to someone who you know really likes you and who is a kind person inside?
If I approach and talk to a girl and she seems uncomfortable around me, is it my fault or is she just shy?
How can I make my husband to love me back after he caught me cheating on him?
One of my best friends pretends that she can't remember my important details. What does she want me to understand?
Is it normal for a boy to have curves like a girl?
How should I treat my ex-girlfriend after breaking up?
When should I give up on my girlfriend?
Why do interviewers always say that they will give me an answer before a specific date, but most of the time I never hear from them again?
My boyfriend has a really bad home environment. He is lovely at times, but would scream at me everytime I did something wrong. What should I do?
Would a guy mind dating a girl smarter than him?
How do you move on and get over someone who you like, but shows no interest in you?
Should me and this girl text a lot before I ask her out?
Why would he fight so hard for us and beg for me back, professing he's never been more sure of anything, and then leave me?
Would you ever consider visiting a guy you met online and is from out of state?
Can you offer me some advice on asking a girl out on a date?
Should I stop begging my boyfriend to marry me and find somebody else?
I'm 14 and why don't I find girls as attractive as I used to?
Can I ask out a girl who my friend asked out, not knowing I liked her? She told him she would think about it, but she acts uninterested. She hints for me to ask her out.
For the second time in my life, I have fallen in love with the wrong person. What should I do?
When the female narcissist is cheating, how does she feel?
I just dumped my man because I'm not sure if he still has feelings for his kids mother. Did I overreact?
Should I tell my best female friend that I love her before she moves to Bangalore for high school?
Is it wrong for a girl to propose to a guy she likes?
How could I date Chloe Moretz as a poor dude?
How long should I wait to see if my parents ever come around and accept my choice about my partner?
What should I do if I still like a guy who is 39 years old and I am 29 years old? Is there a future for us, in the sense that can I marry him as he is my ex?
Is it normal for a 32 year old man to have been dumped by 28 women?
How do you deal with a son that you did a lot of things together for several years and then he gets a girlfriend and has nothing to do with you now?
Why do I dream of my first incomplete love after a regular interval even if I never think about her and had moved on?
Do most women see me as a loser because I have no dating or relationship experience?
Would it be possible for me to find a future girlfriend that would love to financially support me via Internet dating/online dating?
Should women pay the entire bill at the first date?
How is it possible to meet some one 11 years ago and still think about them with out contact?
There's girl whom I like she daily comes to the park but the problem is she comes with a lady, how should I approach her?
What did Chandler mean when he said, "I think it just fell off" to Janice?
A girl who has never gone out with a guy before wants to be friends with me. What do guys think of this?
If a man is grabbing you by the hips and shaking them while he stands over you, is he possibly "steadying you" if you aren't hysterical, just silent?
Can one marry another woman if they have the consent of their first wife?
How do I get my man back?
Why are there more breakups nowadays?
Has anyone never gotten over an ex years after the break up?
Why did my crush giggle at me when he saw I was the one taking a picture for him and my friend?
Why do guys fail to reply on marriage portals when messaged?
Over which topics should a couple in a relationship talk about?
Is it ethical for someone to take something back after some time if you were told to keep it for free?
Should I still be around my boyfriend if he's beginning to act weird?
What does it mean when you kiss a girl and later she tells you that she was expecting to feel something but she didn't feel anything?
What is the best way to catch your boyfriend on online dating?
I’m a 26-year-old introverted woman. How do I make a guy like me?
What do I do when a guy I met online today keeps saying he loves me?
How can you tell if an autistic guy likes you?
How is it like to marry a Moroccan lady?
Why can't I marry a guy whose parents aren't ready?
Is it possible that my boyfriend has chances of death because I'm mangy?
My son was put on juvenile probation, now his father wants him to come live with me in another state, how can I get him transferred here with me?
My girlfriend and I were making out. I was kissing close to her cleavage, but when my hand went near her boobs she told me “not boobs”? What might be the reason?
As an INFJ woman, how can I stand the fact that my ENTP boyfriend thinks he always wins any discussion even though my arguments are more logical?
How come guys promise some things, but never mean it? It hurts, you know?
Would ladies rather date a doctor or a Google engineer?
Have you ever been in a relationship which was supposed to be perfect but after a point you felt helpless and unsure?
In a relationship, should the guy or the girl call more often?
What do you do when a girl leads you on and you can't get over her?
What do you think of the Kerala sage who raped a girl for 8 years who castrated him? Do you think what she did was right?
Is it worth having sex with a 25 year old man as a 40 something year old woman? What do you think the drawbacks could be?
Is it normal when I say I love my GF but I like some other girl's qualities more than my GF’s?
What am I suppose to do after she broke up with me?
Why does she call me her “gay best friend” even if I'm straight?
What are the signs a guy is interested in dating me?
What's it like to live in Darwin, Australia, for a single, 30-year-old guy?
Is a Leo girl good for an Aquarian boy?
How do you make a girl fall for you in a long distance?
How do I deal with guys who act good but are bad in the inside?
There's a guy who has a crush on me but he flirts with another girl just to get my attention. What should I do?
Can I find a man who appreciates me? (I'm a woman)
Why do tights feel so good on me? I am a guy.
How can I spoil the marriage of my boyfriend with another lady?
How do I tell a beautiful perfectionist girl, that she is great?
Why do love and feelings fade away in a relationship that one thought would never end?
When speaking Japanese, don't you feel weird using the word kanojo (she or girlfriend)?
Does a girl like it when a guy shakes their hand when greeting them? Is it attractive to be outgoing in this sense?
Date told me "you are too skinnny" on our second date. Why did he decide to date me in the first place if he doesn't like my body type?
Having a really difficult time getting over a married girl that I was in a relationship with. How can I get over her?
What does it mean when a guy tells you that your voice is beautiful? This was after I said that he had a great voice.
Honestly, I'm at a loss. I don't know what to do this summer. I just wanna get out of the house. What are your suggestions?
Does Trump think that he can rule like an old king did, and have only his blood relatives around him? Isn’t this undemocratic?
What are some traits older women find attractive about a younger man?
I was having sex with my girlfriend and my ex randomly popped into my head. I feel really guilty. Is this normal? Should I tell her?
What happens if a man refuses to leave women alone after he is rejected by them?
I’m married to a narcissist and was advised to do the grey rock thing, but it's killing me. When should I do this, and when should I not?
Would you date a guy with a vasectomy? Why or why not? Does it change the game knowing you're dating with no notion of the possibility of kids.
What do you say to a lady when you're a half an hour late on your first date?
He is not over his ex and want to stay friends with me? What should I do?
I am seeing a shy guy. After our date we haven't had a normal phone call or a continuous text conversation as before. Is he giving me space?
How do you recover from a long-term relationship? He dumped me. I'm really upset and lost.
How do I get over the fear of never being romantically loved?
Why is it a girl suddenly becomes interested in a guy that has lost interest in her?
How can I get some dignity and respect for myself by not going after somebody who doesn't want to be with me?
Can I message a guy that's ignoring me?
How do you deal with someone you've wronged twenty years ago but still hates you?
Why does she stare at me, as if she likes me, but when I text her she talks like a stranger?
How is the life of a lady military officer in India? Do lady officers even consider civilian guys for dating?
Why did I get so much joy out of seeing my crush working two cash registers down from me yesterday afternoon?
Should I tell a guy that I'm in love with him even though I have been ignoring him for a few days because he mocked me in front of our friends?
Which is the worst scenario, a boy staring at a girl he knows, from afar with a blank expression or a boy talking and flirting with a girl he knows?
We are just 14 years old. What are the best tips for me to have a long and happy relationship with my girl best friend?
One time, I read a very detailed sex scene on the Internet, and somehow, it made me feel like crying. Can you tell me why that might be?
I confessed my feelings to my friend (both 21) but he likes me as a friend. Yet he has been talking and acting normally like nothing happened. Why?
How can I get my boyfriend’s phone records or read his texts?
My crush is into my best friend. What should I do?
Can I tell my boyfriend who he can and can't talk to?
How do I convince my girlfriend that I am not bothered by her health issues?
What does it mean when a girl who friendzoned you suddenly becomes interested in you?
Is it true that men are sexually attracted to most of their female friends?
If a woman agrees to have sex with a man only if he wears a condom and he removes it without her knowing and against her will, does this become rape?
I'm in a relationship, but I'm starting to like another boy. What do I do?
Is it ok to text a girl you had falling out with?
How do I get back a girl for a chat online, who used to encourage my flirtatious remarks and now not responding to even regular messages?
Do you consider yourself a romantic guy?
What should I do if a girl flirts with me?
A girl wants to fistfight me. What do I do if I am a boy?
Should I stay married to a guy who has a really bad drinking problem, and doesn't want to get help for it?
Why do girls always succeed in gaining their love but boys don't succeed?
Why do most Indian girls look for well-settled boys, even though these girls are not well-settled themselves?
My son just got engaged to a lovely girl, but her mother is terrible. What do I do?
A 4-year-old innocently told me that I'm going to die, out of nowhere. Should I be alarmed? She said she'd be sad, and people go to heaven after they die.
Without spoiling anything, do you figure out who the gossip girl is?
Should I marry an underaged girl?
Do you think you make a great partner for a relationship?
How do get close to a guy you like, even if they probably don't like you as anything more than a friend?
How do you make your crush laugh without talking to her?
How do you keep the spice in a relationship without taking it too far/fast?
What is love like from a guy's perspective?
Should I tell a potential partner that I'm greysexual?
What does it mean when someone says “either this guy has no game or is simply not interested”? What does it mean, “he has no game”?
When is the right time to ask someone if he/she wants to be in a relationship without getting rejected?
What do you do when people think you and the guy you like are dating because you hangout all the time?
Why did my crush leave me on read when I sent him a text, even though he stares at me and tries to get close to me?
How do you break up with someone without hurting them?
Are my standards considered high even though I have never dated before?
How would you respond if a girl asked you what the meaning of life is to you on your first date with her?
How can I find out if my fiance is engaging in live sex videos when he hides everything?
How can you get to know the feelings of a girl for you, whether she loves you as only a friend or as someone special? How should you approach her?
Would Baywatch be a good first date movie? My date likes comedies, and I’m planning dinner and a movie.
Do guys like it when a girl wears their hoodie?
She broke up with me. How do I use my sorrow into something useful, rather than thinking about those days?
What can an Indian daughter do if her parents are not ready to give money for her higher education because they want to marry her off?
How would a narcissist respond to being confronted by a "supplier's" partner?
Where can I find more information about a rare heart condition called "Brugada Syndrome"? I found out I have it after my mum was diagnosed two years ago.
Is it illegal for a boy between the ages of 13 and 16 to allow a girl the same age to touch his genitals in the state of Connecticut?
What's the risk of asking somebody out who's in a relationship, other than them rejecting you?
My daughter broke up with her first boyfriend. She's heartbroken, I don't know what to do. Is there anything I can do?
How do I impress girls sexually?
How do impress my ex-girlfriend?
What does it mean when a guy says that you have the sweet look and a killer smile?
How can I forget someone who touched and kissed me for the first time in my life?
What would make you marry a woman who does not want kids?
What can me and my lesbian girlfriend do for my 39th birthday?
My advisor told me I am fired. Should I continue working with him?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked me how I was doing?
How do men meet women?
What should a 25-year-old girl do if she doesn't know what she wants to do in life?
Is it unusual that I at 18 only "hook up" with women that are, say, 30-45 years old?
How can she think it’s OK to send her child to gay conversion camp?
A girl continuously messages me in WhatsApp. How can I know whether the girl is interested in me?
Is it wrong to date someone you don't love for the sake of having knowledge and experience?
I'm starting to date somebody. Should I delete my online dating accounts?
What could be some things wrong with a woman who stays with a man who cheats on her to get out of the relationship?
Do girls love it when boys go down on them?
This girl says stuff to me like "you should take me skating" and "Friday is the best night to go out". Are these signs that she wants me to ask her out?
My boyfriend wants to get married and I don't. How do I explain to him that not being married doesn't mean I don't want to commit?
My boyfriend told me that he feels lonely because I don't understand him. What can I do to "understand" him and help him to get rid of his loneliness?
What should I do if I am not in love with someone who is madly in love with me? We dated and it did not go too well.
How do I know if a guy likes me through texting?
How can I know if a player is serious about me, knowing that he hinted for marriage and wife material (take into consideration that he is 22)?
Recently I had a breakup, so can I make out with my best friend?
My boyfriend slept with someone else more than once, should I stay with him?
Would dating be easier if women took resumes, and posted descriptions describing the relationship, qualifications, etc.?
Is playing a trick necessary in a relationship?
What qualities do women look for dating?
How do you deal with rejection from someone after telling them you are transgender?
When you finally find a girl that likes you, do you not care about all the other girls that rejected you?
How do I tell if my boyfriend has hidden apps on his phone?
What a girl can do if boyfriend's parents searching bride for him but he is not telling his parents about his 10 years relationship with you?
Are women more serious and need company badly if they are on dating apps?
Can you love someone from your childhood?
How can I be at peace with my great relationship coming to an end?
Is FWB a way that people date nowadays?
It's been 3 years since my boyfriend and I broke up, but now I miss him and I want to talk to him. He is already dating someone. What should I do?
What does it mean when a girl I met on Tinder tells me she is not ready for a relationship and dating?
Do indian girls like to date a car guy?
How do I refuse his proposal without hurting him?
Is it fair to break up with my girlfriend because her school has started and she won't give me as much time as she used to give me before?
How do I forget my girl friend, who is ignoring me and who is working in the same office?
I had dream that while I was kissing a girl I stabbed her in the back. Why?
What should I do if a girl is playing wih my feelings?
How far or to what extent should you be optimistic in a relationship? Where should you stop?
Why do some people enter into an open relationship?
Why does my FWB get jealous when I casually talk about other guys?
I am chatting with an American guy I met through reddit text strangers community. Is it a good idea?
Me and my boyfriend fight because of immaturity. How can I be mature enough for our relationship?
Are there fake girl profiles on the dating app Tinder or are there some genuine girl profiles who want to hook up and date a guy?
How can I tell a girl I'm stalking that I stalk her because I don't have the guts to talk to her?
What do guys do or talk about during nights out at a friend's place?
Does it mean your crush likes you if he always texts you first?
Well I am 18 and my girl 17 can I take her to the room which I'll book as she's a minor?
Why am I attracted to men older than 50 if I am an adult male?
If your parents ask you to leave your girlfriend, what will you do?
Would you stay with a person that loves you more than your family does and that you can absolutely trust, even if you don't love him anymore?
If a girl only Snapchats me a picture of her but never puts it in her story, does it mean she likes me?
Why will a man blame his partner about an incident that is not at all true, after making a trust-related mistake?
If a guy likes a girl, what is the likelihood of him liking her again?
How should a girl be treated?
If a girl is stupid enough to love a boy, even if the boy breaks her heart, what should the boy do?
Why are girls so controlling in a relationship?
Would you date someone you came across on Quora?
How do I approach a boy I am interested in?
There is a girl whom I like. She comes to the park daily, but the problem is she comes with a lady, what should I do? How do I approach her?
I love this girl so much that I can not imagine my life without her. However, I don't feel any sexual desire or attraction for her. Is this possible?
Ok, so my ex boyfriend is dating someone when he still has feelings for me and I still have feelings for him. What do I do?
How can anyone know for sure if they are in love?
What do I do if I like my friend’s new girlfriend and I am willing to lose that friend for her?
How do I tell a person that I am not interested in chatting without hurting their feelings?
As a man, how does it feel to be rejected by a woman who you opened your heart to?
Has your ex-girlfriend tried to have sex with you?
Will I be able to get married to the girl I love because her Kundli says that she will marry a boy younger than her but I am 1 year older than her?
How do you, as an Indian woman, feel when some random guy approaches you? Are there any personal examples with the woman’s reaction to the situation that can be shared?
I got two girls pregnant and need to marry one. Debra's father is a cop while Jane's is a lawyer. How would you choose?
Should I start a friends with benefits relationship?
Are girls more likely to hang out with a guy who's interested if he just says it's hanging out instead of saying it's a date?
Is it possible to love someone forever who doesn't love you?
Why did a guy whistle a random tune when he saw me? (He did it only 3 times.)
My GF is too short and I feel conscious going out with her. I feel shallow asking this but is it right to leave her for this reason?
What do I do when a guy I like, but have never met is moving away? We are in the same profession.
At a school dance last Friday night, some boys were slapping my behind. My boyfriend didn't care. What does this say about him?
Why do I feel like I don’t want a girlfriend? (I’m 22.)
After a month of dating, we became exclusive. I've changed my mind. I told him that I want us to become friends with benefits. Is that right?
Why do Taiwanese girls always say they don't have time when I ask them out?
What are the signs that show a girl cares about you as more than a friend?
This girl I've been talking to suddenly asked me out, what should I do?
If Uche Onegeria loves being alone so much, does she plan to ever get married?
Is it mean never to pick up when my mother-in-law calls on the landline, or to ask to speak to her?
Is she interested in me or does she just think of me as a friend?
What is it like to date an Asansol Patrician?
Can an Indian guy and girl hug each other if they are happy even though they are just friends?
How do you tell a guy you are in love without pushing him away?
How do I get more and how do I get girls to look at me and be interested in me?
There is a boy who is 15 years old, and he is very serious about his relationship. Will his relationship be eternal?
What is the best way to find out if my girlfriend is still messaging or communicating with her ex if she doesn't have a phone?
What is the percentage of a 55-year-old man lasting in a serious relationship with a 33-year-old woman?
How can I meet an intelligent sincere IITian guy?
My boyfriend is a trainee, and will be debut soon. We need to break up, but I just can't let him go. What should I do?
What do I do if my crush's mom hates me?
How could I get over my ex?
How can I get over the feeling that there's no one else that's compatible with me?
What does it mean when a guy says “make me want you more” during intimate moments?
Could a dog, food, and a degree be what gets a girl back in a relationship after she broke up with you?
What is the best site to meet a single guy?
How do I find a girlfriend when I am too busy with my career?
Can I get an ARV even if I just want it only?
Why was Allah so cruel to 6-year-old Ayesha and make her a bride to a 52-year-old man?
What are my chances of pursuing someone who is gay but is not that interested in me?
Should I worry that my boyfriend shows a lot of attention to another woman and at times is so focused on her that he ignores me?
A girl I am with won't let go of the thought that I am "too good" for her, and she constantly tries to convince me of it. What do I do?
If a girl, who cheated me earlier, has been cheated on, should I accept her in my life again if she has come back for emotional support?
How can I control my boyfriend without him knowing?
How do I tell my girlfriend that I like fat girls?
What should I do to figure out if he'll take a chance with me?
Should I date a nice girl who I get along really well but lost her virginity at age 15 with the guy I dislike?
Why is it that I have such a huge liking for Turkish guys and the boys in my country are butter-faces? (I'm only 13 years old.)
What should I do if the girl I love is suddenly avoiding me?
How can I deal with my abusive boyfriend who pretends that he is a perfect boyfriend and asks me to change?
Although I love her, I feel like I've begun to lose feelings for my girlfriend. What advice do you have for me in this situation?
A married man flirts, winks, and calls me ‘dear’ and ‘sweetheart’. What's going on here?
I am in a relationship with one person already but at the same time I have feelings for my friend. I don't understand. Why is it happening?
Is there someone who got married in arranged marriage but she doesn't like her husband at all but his family is really very good and perfect?
Do I have the right to tell a dean about my ex-girlfriend being technically sexually assaulted? Is that what a real friend would do? She said not to.
I am always confused about what to wear where? I am 25 yrs old married Indian women. I am generally comfortable in western outfit but never confident
I'm going to see my father for the first time, what should I say to him?
What is your viewpoint regarding this phrase - You should forgive your friend and accept her apology: "This is what our culture teaches us?
How many dates should you go on before being exclusive?
Should I go to the city with a folded table/chairs and a poster that says "dating advice only 1$", to make my living?
I am 55 years old and have never met my "soul mate". Should I give up hope?
How easy is it to prosecute statutory rape?
Do Arab guys like Mexican girls?
Does Mdm Kim have any moral consciousness of her marital status when she is alone by herself?
How can I start a conversation with a lady I admire? I feel so shy to talk to her.
Someone I loved once gave me a box full of darkness. It took me years to understand that this too was a gift. What does that mean?
Do you think I might be thinking too much into how MS might be taken by men I have romantic interests in? I've been in a chair for a decade now.
Did Remus Lupin have a girlfriend ever in his life before Tonks? Or was she his first?
How do you deal with your girlfriend who is very dominating?
What does it mean when my ex still talks to me about getting physically intimate? I discourage him but he laughs it off saying he is just having fun
How do I break up with the man that I have loved for over 23 years and still deeply love?
Should it be a red flag if he lies and says he "fell asleep" when texting me?
How does a girl want a boy to approach her?
I have noticed that my best friend is confused about his sexuality, but he will not recognize it. How can I encourage him to be honest with himself?
What do you do when your lover tells you getting away from him was too easy?
Should I hang out with someone just because they're lonely?
Ending a conversation which I am talking to someone I liked is hard for me. I'm waiting her to end the conversation. What is the reason behind it?
Why do I always feel that my lover sees another man if she is not with me?
Why do I like girls ballet and I am a guy?
It's been three years since my rape. Why do I still think of it all day every day? When will I feel better?
Why does an ex text me after our breakup, but, when I call him to clarify things, doesn't pick up my calls?
Are girls the ones to whom we should teach dos and don'ts?
Is it illegal to hit a girl?
How can I get taller? My parents are not that short and I'm 16. All my friends are younger than me and they are like Hulk next to me.
I fell in love with a divorced man. He is shy and introverted. He denied my proposal. What should I do now?
In what ways can you confess to someone?
I love a man, he says he doesn't love me back, but he do so many things for me. What do I do?
Does someone's past matter in a relationship?
Why are FWB relationships so complicated?
I'm in relationship with a girl who doesn't seem to be quite into me. Frustrated & stressed by it, I'm unable to focus on anything else. What do I do?
How do I let my enemies know that I know their feelings towards me?
There's this girl, and when we became friends she said, "I like you as a mate and nothing more," but I never asked her out. Should I give up on her or not?
There is this girl on social media whom I really like, but I have never really talked to her either online or IRL. How do I approach her?
I gave a girl a note explaining how I felt about her, and we have texted for a while, but she stopped texting me. Should I confront her about this?
How do I resolve this relationship mess? Moreover, how should I face myself? I agree I made mistakes, so how do I overcome this dark phase?
What should I do if my crush had a boyfriend?
How do I break up with someone who is extremely clingy and needy? We've been dating a few weeks and I have spoken to him about it already, to no avail.
I chose to shut all contact with my ex who dumped me, should I be the one to call her again?
Can I have a relationship with a guy who doesn't wanna marry?
A girl whom I like has been a good friend of mine and I have always helped her a lot. She has a boyfriend. How can I forget her completely?
If she left me, will she come back?
What do Indonesian men look for in a woman when it comes to dating?
How can I stop bragging to my friends about the girls I date? I know it's because of my need to be accepted, but I would like to change. What can I do?
My boyfriend dumped me a few months ago. I was feeling better, then my father passed away unexpectedly about six weeks ago. I'm a mess. What do I do?
So for the last day of school I went up to the girl I liked and told her that I thought she was cute. Should I have said something else too?
Is it a good idea to still have sex with an ex-narc after he discarded you?
Can cold and warmhearted people have a good relationship, as the saying goes, opposites attracts?
My best friend lost her mother and then her father in a span of 4 years. She has now turned cold, she never talks about it. How do I help her?
I feel the urge to make noise when I make love. Would this be OK with her?
What is some advice for a teen who’s trying to take a real relationship all the way to marriage and beyond?
How do I tell my boyfriend that he's out of shape?
Why does a person get depressed by sad events and why does he remember it again and again? Why can’t he forget in spite of trying to forget it?
How do you tell your boyfriend he needs to change?
How the hell can you be just friends with a girl you love with whom you were once in a romantic relationship?
How can I love a girl who is older than me?
During my relationship with my ex, I got in between his relationship with his sisters. Should I apologize to them?
Why am I always pushed around?
Haven't spent anytime with my boyfriend cause he's at his mums, but why isn't he coming home to spend time with me (haven't seen him in a week or so)?
Does physical attachment with loved ones cause distance in a relationship?
What does it mean when I dream about being rejected by a girl I like for my friend?
How can I know that my best friend loves me when he even doesn't have the time to message or call me and forgets about meetings?
Why did he talk badly about all his online dates?
What does it mean when a friend's boyfriend hugs me from behind when she's not around?
What should I do to make someone who can’t forget her past love or relation, like me?
If you are a shy guy and you got a huge crush on this girl, what can you do to like her and get less timid around her?
If you see that your husband has put a lock code on his text messages & Chrome, what do you think? I think he's hiding something.
What does it mean when a guy texts “have a nice day” after a day of silence?
How do I tell a girl that I like fat girls?
Did I overreact when my boyfriend blew me off at the last minute? He does it often. I had an outburst, and I yelled at him for being irresponsible.
I am 16 years old and I am nearly certain that I am a transgender female. But, my girlfriend is not comfortable with the way I feel. What should I do?
Why do girls reject guys who they know are genuinely into them & would give them their whole world (and then hook up with jerks)?
How do you handle a dumb girlfriend, if you're a geek?
How can I follow a girl on Instagram if she is not accepting my request to follow? I’ve loved her for the last 3 years and she still doesn’t know me :(
Is it me or is Selina's meanness amped up in Veep season 6? I found her quite endearing previously but now she seems too obnoxious and unlikable.
You love someone but also you're afraid to lose them so you avoid commitments, relationships, etc. with them. What advice do you have for this?
I broke up with a narcissist last year. Why do I feel so compelled to read so much literature on the condition?
He saw my private parts and now we talk less. Is he done with me?
How do I get rid of my psycho girlfriend, who is mentally harassing me?
What does it mean if your loving, caring, devoted spouse tells you he has never been "in love" with you or anyone?
Am I cheating on my husband if it's with a girl?
What I can do when my wife misses me too much?
I am 17 years old and my girlfriend of nine months just broke up with me shockingly and unexpectedly. What do I do now?
If you fancied a girl, then she went a bit mental and called you loads of times and tried to kill herself, would you never talk to her again?
Yesterday, I came to know that my boyfriend has been cheating on me for two months. What should I do?
My ex-boyfriend of 8 years dumped me because of quarter life crisis. Should I move on?
How do I keep myself on her mind?
What is the best way to sign off romantic?
I asked a guy I like if he wanted to hang out sometime, and he just shrug his shoulders. What does that mean? (I had never talked to him before)
My friend was close with her grandfather, who died a few weeks ago. She's having trouble coping; what can I say to make her feel better?
Is it ok to leave a girl who doesn't love you back and calls you only when she needs something from you? Otherwise, she refuses to meet you even once.
How does it feel to know that you are the crush of a very beautiful girl in your school, college or neighborhood?
What is the simplest way to know that a girl loves me and get a permanent girlfriend?
How can I get my boyfriend to trust I won't judge him if he opens up to me about his past?
How can I tell if the guy I dated is interested in me romantically?
How do I ask out a girl at the gym?
When should a girl ask to define the relationship to avoid being strung along?
Have you tried to love someone who treats you as just a 'mere' friend?
How can I impress my crush to win her over?
My close friend and crush asked me to wait and see if she also feels the same way. What should I do?
Can an Indian girl hug a guy even though they are just friends?
What should I do when I love someone but he doesn't know about it, and I am too shy to tell him?
How can I grow some balls and talk to a girl I like?
What beautiful lines do you tell your girlfriend who treats you as her best friend?
What’s the meaning of a guy’s smiles and head shake?
How should I confess to a girl, if at all?
Whom should I trust and with whom can I spend my remaining life?
If a girl knows you like her, but thinks you're mad at her, how do you know if she cares?
My girlfriend's birthday is next week. Now I'm broke. What token gift can I buy her that she will like?
If a girl you really liked seemed very interested in you at first but then gave you the cold shoulder for no apparent reason, would you keep trying?
How should I talk to guy that I never really spoke to? What do I say without making him lose interest?
Why did my ex like my picture from a year ago on Instagram?
What’s the easiest way to ask a girl out?
I've been single for 8 months, why can't I find love?
He kissed me on my lips and afterwards he kissed me on my neck, and we are not even a couple. Do you think I should ask him about our status?
How would you feel if your friends & family knew that your boyfriend/girlfriend has been unfaithful since the beginning of your relationship?
How do I make a guy actually interested in me instead of sexually interested in me?
Why do I keep getting friend zoned?
What is the difference between “I like you” and “I love you”?
How do I choose between a crush and my bf, who broke my heart a lot of times?
Can a person with social interaction difficulties enter an intimate/close relationship? And if so, how?
How do I go about asking my ex boyfriend what is holding him back?
How can you tell that a women is interested in you and wants you to make the first move?
How do I convince my girlfriend's family that I'm the best guy to marry her, given that she belongs to a Muslim family and I’m Hindu?
Why do girls talk about a guy after rejected them?
Are polyamorous relationships healthier?
Can two dominate personalities and two submissive personalities be in a relationship?
How can I build up my ability to speak up in my relationship?
What should I answer when my boyfriend asks, "What can I do for him"?
What do boys who are into big/curvy girls like about them?
How do I stop loving a man that I want, and love and share children with? I don't know how to let go.
My friend was talking to my crush and my crush said he would never date me. So should I just give up?
Is it too creepy that I graphologically analyzed my crush's handwriting, drew her twice, and personality-analyzed her, with her knowing?
How do I ask a girl for her number if I don't know her that well? I got a limited amount of time to ask her before I can't see her for awhile.
Why was I rejected by 4 girls at a speed dating event?
What does a guy think if girls asks for their number?
Is there anything wrong with live-in relationships?
How can I make someone realize that they love someone badly?
How do you romance a guy?
Should I go out and find my future wife? Or should I let life just happen?
Why does she say I love you then ignores me?
How should I react to finding out that my girlfriend has cheated on me with my best friend?
Are 1 on 1 hangouts with the opposite sex considered "dates?"
Six years of a relationship, who moves on first?
What are the ways to make a lady like you?
She has a boyfriend, but I'm in love with her. I keep my distance because it’s hard for me. Should back off from our friendship, even if it upsets her?
I'm 18 and in a same sex, long distance relationship. What should I be worried about if anything?
How can I make him realize that I trust​ him? By letting​ him take our​ private​ pictures​?
A girl I know intiated texting twice, and always asking about school, does that mean she is interested?
What should I do if I am a non-Christian and I really like this girl who is a Christian? She says that she would only date Christians.
How do I save a teenage girl who is in a "not-real love" relationship but doesn't realize it?
A guy I work with pursued me after my divorce. There are obvious signs of attraction going both ways. I want to tell him how I feel. Should I?
How does my girlfriend block me from seeing her posts and messages even if I am on her account?
Why a fwb would act jealous when I talk innocently about other guys?
What should I do if a girl tries to not love me but when I text her daily, we have had long conversations?
What should I do for my girlfriend to forgive me after breaking up with her?
Can I trust my boyfriend after he told me he slept with his best friend?
Can someone with BPD avoid relationships and not be codependent?
Would you date a woman who never had a boyfriend?
Why do some guys behave like girls do in a relationship?
Does relationship with physical contact last long?
In what way should I talk to a girl who thinks I am ignoring her?
Why is he telling how long it's been since he's had sex?
What should I do if I found my sister secretly sending nudes to a guy who may or may not be her boyfriend?
What does it mean when you kiss a girl and later she tells you that she didn't feel anything?
How do I move on from the guy I was exclusively dating?
I am not able to meet one particularly guy in person, help needed (See comment)?
What exactly goes on in a girl's mind when she is on her period? Also what steps should a boyfriend/husband take to keep her happy?
If the girl you were dating had fooled around with one of your acquaintances or friends in the past, would this be a problem for you?
Why does my LD truck driving boyfriend go embarrassed when his mate saw me and commented on me being pretty? I would think he was proud of me?
My boyfriend is completely immature when he's with friends or other people but around me he's mature. Why does he act so different?
I really like this girl but she rejected me because she doesn't want to date. We are pretty close and still talk. When should I confess again?
What is a date like?
Do girls fall in love with a guy who is bald at the age of 22?
What would you think of a guy who left his girlfriend because of her horrific past? She was sexually harassed. She trusted him, but he left.
Is two dates too early for intimacy?
Why is the person that birthed me still seeing the man that abused me as a child?
How can I meet japanese women?
Should I warn girls about a guy who has very bad character?
A guy friend asked me to the graduation dance, but I don't like him that way. I also don't want to hurt his feelings, so should I just go with him?
Is it possible for a woman to love a man more than him loving her?
This girl I've known for 3 years calls me and texts me every day, but I almost never initiate contact. Am I on the back burner?
How can I stop my urge for sex when I see any beautiful or sexy girl passing by me in my aquantaince or friend circle? My dream is to become an IAS.
Why didn’t my parents have the talk with me?
How do I tell my boyfriend I’ve been fired many times?
What do you think is the difference between love (love we make) and sex?
Why is it that, when I get close to a girl, I push them away?
How does one know if the person you are interested in likes you back?
What's the easiest way to get over a girl you like/love?
A long distance friend, (who is like a brother) and I have feelings for each other. But he is in love with another girl, and seems cold. What to do?
Why does she want me to stay in her life while she loves someone else?
Would you be honest about an abusive (not physical) ex to their new girlfriend/boyfriend?
Is there a secret to asking a women out and getting a good success rate?
Why don’t girls say a direct no? Instead they say “you got a pure heart but I don't deserve you”.
Should I continue something I've informally committed to? What should I choose? My career or the feelings of my girlfriend?
How can I find love when I don't put myself out there? I want things to happen naturally without having to use dating apps, etc.
What would you do if I ask you out?
How do I tell someone that I like them, if I don't talk to him that much even though I have known him for most of my life?
Should I impress my girlfriend's family?
Does my boyfriend have the right to force not only me to tell my friend to delete my picture off her Instagram, but also forcing her to do that?
I love her but I'm happy that she moved on with life and probably forgot all about me. Is this a good way to think?
I saw this girl near City Centre 1 in Salt Lake. She was way too beautiful and sweet. Now it seems that I have fallen for her. How should I find her?
I really don't want a relationship anymore and I just met a handsome guy, I keep googling my symptoms, should I see a therapist?
What was your best date?
What does it mean when someone has a crush on you?
Is it okay to date my 17 year old step-cousin?
My dog found a turtle and I just saw him with it. He chewed up its shell pretty bad but I don't know if he killed it. How do I tell if it's okay?
Did Bach not play the 6-part fugue because he thought he couldn't do it on the spot, or for some other reason like the king was a jerk and had bad vibes?
What should I say to my girlfriend who wants to get on antidepressants but is afraid to become "dependent" on them?
Why does kissing feels good? Can you give me some advice about kissing?
If a young woman is wearing clothes that may be exposing her in a way she may not realize, should/how you tell her?
Why does she like a drug addict instead of me?
When a girl rejects a guy, why would it be wrong for the girl to ever reconsider? People’s feelings can change.
What is the likelihood that if a guy and his female friend shared a hotel room abroad that he would try to have sex with her?
My brother asked me do you know how adult people kiss and kissed me on the mouth when I was 4-6 years old and he was 2 years older what should I do?
What does it mean when a man calls you yummy?
I’ve been going out with this guy for a month and we see each other like once a week, never planned, and at his house or at mine. Should I cut him off?
Is there ever a situation where asking someone out is not worth the risk?
How do I handle a guy with no brain?
Should I visit my online boyfriend in his country (Mexico)?
When asking a girl to prom, is it ok to have another girl in mind in case she says no?
Some of my friends used to make fun of me and it hurt me. They are rich and I am a topper. I am unable to manage. What should I do?
How did you act when you developed a crush?
Does Shweta Gautam have a boyfriend?
What do I do if I want to leave a man who loves me for a man I love?
Me and my best friend are very close. Yesterday she said, “I want a good boy friend”, then my heart skipped a beat. What do I do now, tell her my feelings or not?
My ex-boyfriend blamed me for everything and then blocked me. Why?
Why do I feel shattered after my girlfriend left for the US for 3 months even though she told me not to worry and I know she is not the cheating type?
Why does he want a baby but doesn’t want to build a family?
Do girl notice boys?
If someone never shave, what does he look like at various milestones?
What are some dating tips when both of the people had a traumatized life?
Would Brazilian women date Turkish men?
How can a fat guy have a girlfriend in India?
What are good dares to ask over text?
What if someone loved you and you knew?
Why do Disney movies give such bad dating advice?
How do I tell if my crush likes me as a friend or as a girl?
Guys, when asking out a girl, do you usually know what the answer is going to be before you ask her out?
How can you tell when you like someone?
If a woman spends her entire lifetime with her husband and then finds out that he was already married and had cheated on her, what could be her reaction?
What is the truth about your ex-boyfriend?
What can I do if someone I love the most thinks I am guilty of doing something wrong, when I am in a situation where I cannot prove my innocence?
How do you tell a girl you like her over text?
How do I get rid of all this emotional baggage from my past relationships?
My ex broke up with me. We dated for a month, but he would tease me and try to talk to me. He also constantly stares, especially when I am not looking. Why is that?
My close friend went out with my crush and her friends and told me nothing. Is it what friends always do?
Should I give up my relationship to make my partner happy with his real love? He is so cold to me this past few weeks.
I want to die. Can you give me a reason not to?
I stopped replying to a Japanese guy, would it be okay if I hit him up again?
What can the government do to deal with the likes of Arundhati Roy? I know that she is just the tip of an iceberg, so putting her in prison will not solve anything.
My boyfriend says he "lost the spark" in our relationship. Can we get it back?
One of my old classmates suddenly became a model. She's gorgeous now, but she did have plastic surgery. Where do they find the money?
Why can’t men control themselves when a good looking girl passes along the street? Is it anxiety?
What should I do? I think my gf doesn't get that I'm asexual.
How can I make my relationship fun?
What was the exact moment that you realized you actually weren't in love?
Is there any way to prove to my ex that I do not have NPD? I lied and hurt her. She is convinced that I am a narcissist because of this.
How romantic is your relationship with your boyfriend?
What are some good ways to show your interest in your crush without coming off too strong?
He broke up with me and sent a friend request to his ex. On the next day, he keeps on calling me after unfriending his ex. What does it mean?
I don't think he's a narcissist. But he hasn't spoken to me in 3 months. He moved on to a new love. Is there any point in going no contact?
I am fearful of having a girlfriend because of my Christian parents. How do I escape the fear of my parents' criticism?
What does it mean when my male friend avoids eye contact with me, especially when his girlfriend is around?
I'm in love with the girl I rejected in the past. What should I do?
I like a guy who is not like most other guys. He is also 2 years older than me. How can I tell if he likes me back?
How do I keep my boyfriend happy?
Would it be wrong to marry a 37 year old man, when I'm 21 year old woman?
If a guy who's known for being quiet and shy goes out of his way to talk to you, does that mean anything?
Why do girls develop interest or non-interested for guys within the first minutes of meeting him and nothing that happens afterwards can change that?
How do I know if my boyfriend really cares about me?
Should you marry the guy you love or the guy who is well settled? Read the details.
I always think about having sex with my boyfriend. Is this normal?
How do you know when to go out on a first date after you asked someone out?
How can I date a woman without feeling like I'm wasting her time?
Would it be considered morally wrong to befriend a girl with a boyfriend, which then makes her leave him?
My housemate stole all my cups, plates, and silverware when he left, then blocked me on FB. How do I legally screw him over for theft?
How can I be open minded while dating?
Why is my ex texting me twice a month after our breakup, but when I call him to clarify things he doesn’t pick up my calls?
What is it if parents and relatives don't support your decision of divorce? I'm a 28 year old female working in India.
How can I be sure that a girl has got pink nipples just by looking at her face?
What is the ideal age to get married as a woman?
What gifts should I bring to meet my girlfriend’s parents for the first time?
How do I not stalk my ex on Facebook? He got married to a girl he said he had no chance with when I doubted him with her when we were dating. I feel terrible
We dated only once and now she says, she misses me? Why?
What happens if your boyfriend and bestie go for a trip leaving you behind?
How do we know that the girl who chats with me is in love?
How do you motivate a girl who is just at home doing nothing after getting her degree?
Can girls become interested in a guy after not being interested in him? Feelings can change, right?
How can I convince my mother to allow me to marry my boyfriend, who is from a different caste?
I’m 22 and I’ve never masturbated and have no sexual urges. Is there something wrong with me?
Why is my ex bothering to apologize after all the hurtful things he said and then saying we shouldn't talk for awhile?
What reasons can I give my future husband if he asks me why I am not a virgin? I dont want to tell him the truth.
What does a girl want in her would-be husband?
Does a woman who asks a man out on a date seem desperate, thus making the man less likely to say yes?
Does a guy have a crush on me when he glances at me, stares when I don't look, fixes his hair and gets nervous when I'm around?
How do I avoid finding love even if it comes to me?
What does it mean when a woman keeps blinking her eyes?
If a girl doesn't feel the same way about a guy, is it wrong for her to give the guy a chance so maybe things can work out?
Does ignoring a girl really makes her closer to you?
How can I make my ex interested in me again?
Can I get my ex back as I still love him?
Why do guys seem like they lose interest in me when I'm actually nice and show interest back?
Does my boyfriend's brother hate me?
Why are you single till now and with no past relationships? Why don’t you want to get married or get committed in India?
What does it mean when a guy tells you he likes you but doesn’t talk to you after that?
A guy has liked me for 7 years now. I rejected him and he said that I will learn to love him if only I will accept him. Should I give him a chance?
What sticking points do you have when it comes to dating and relationships?
I am in love with my crush, but she doesn't seem to notice me. What should I do?
What should I do after breaking up?
There's someone I can't stop thinking about even though I have no romantic attraction to them. Why could this be happening?
How does it feel when your mom gives you the blind stare (means she see's you but she doesn't)?
I've liked one girl for 9 years. I found out that a life-long friend also likes her now. Do I back off for my friend or go after her?
My boyfriend has decided to choose his friends over me. How do I deal with it?
What do I do when my boyfriend gets offended by tiny little things all the time?
Why would a guy smile to himself?
What is it to finally find someone who loves you, understands you and completes you but cannot promise their whole life with you?
A girl in my class has accused me of something I didn't do. She turns people against me and won't talk to me. What should I do?
How do I get a girl to like me again?
I’m from Italy and he’s from Texas. I met him on an exchange program. Should I break up with him? And if yes, how?
I have a problem obsessing over girls, how do I get over it?
My boyfriend is coming home from serving an 8 year sentence at IDOC. What things should I expect?
What's the reason if a boy does whatever a girl wants but tries to avoid it after some time?
Why does a guy turn me down despite the fact that I'm an Oxford student?
How does it feel when a girl chat with you daily and after some days she stops chatting with you?
When a man asks his girlfriend "who was that guy", why does the phrase feel very different from "who was that girl" when a girl asks her boyfriend?
How do I improve myself so that girls want to have sex with me?
I’m a 15-year-old boy and I crave love and affection with a girl. I need to hug and cuddle etc. I don’t have a girlfriend. What do I do?
How should I express my feelings to a mature serious boy?
Why am I always dreaming about a person I like. Is it possible he might also be thinking of me?
What is love supposed to do for you, and what does that tell you about the limits of a loving relationship?
What is the best way to find dates without dating sites? I'm a 50 year old woman, stable, empty-nester, and a fulfilling career.
Why does my wife give me a hard time about my baby momma when she clearly sees that I'm trying to accommodate her feelings?
My boyfriend has had anorgasmic ejaculation (cum without orgasm) a few times during vaginal sex with me. Is this a bad thing or is it my fault? What could this mean?
Why do some men not want to marry or get into serious relationships when they're getting old?
How can I express my feelings if I am a shy girl?
How can a boy propose to a girl?
Why don't girls make it clear that they like me?
Is there any girl left who doesn't want a rich, handsome guy?
Is it rude/cheesy to kiss a girl's hand as you're introduced?
How can I stop fantasizing about my ex?
Is it legal for a 17-year-old to engage in sexual relations with an adult over the age of 25 in the state of Texas?
How do I know that girls like me?
My friend and I both like each other before. Now he has his someone and he still shows his affection to me. I still like him. What should I do?
If a woman (older than me) replies to everything but personal questions, does that mean she doesn't want me in her life?
Why are girls ok with their boyfriends controlling them and telling them who they can and can't talk to?
Will a guy want to marry a girl with diffuse hair loss?
How can I talk to my crush who is in grade 12 and I am I grade 10? Because he makes the first move and I keep shutting him down and end up regretting it.
How would you react if your lover said that he wasted his time and money on you?
What if I ask a girl to be my best friend?
How can I make my boss like me again after I failed her?
What is it like meeting up with your childhood sweetheart after a long time?
When a guy you have never seen gets your number, contacts you, knows everything about you, and says that he likes you, what does this mean?
How can I see my girlfriend’s texts and incoming calls?
Is it okay to give a phone number to a crush who probably has a crush on me too, or will he judge me?
How does it feel to have a relationship with someone who is already in a relationship?
What would you do, if your 14-year-old friend tried to date your 18-year-old brother, even after you told her to stop and she lied to your face about it?
How do you react when someone says she loves animals, particularly dogs in this case, way more than human?
I told my dad that I want to marry the guy I love. My family has cut off all ties with me. What do I do? I don't think I can live without my family.
Can an ugly guy like me impress a girl?
Why do people assume that women have only good reasons for making dating difficult?
How long before an ex who dumped you but did not want a relationship misses you?
My friend of 1 year kissed my crush in front of me today. What should I do? I thought about getting over both of them and finding another friend.
How do I kiss my girlfriend on the cheek?
How come he never texts first?
How do you know whether a girl likes you or not?
My girlfriend is 16 years old and a 30 years old man told her that he wants her. What should I do?
This guy tells me that he likes me. We have been texting for quite some time. Should I stop texting him first to see if he really means that?
Is it good to give a manicure set to a girl?
What do I do if the boy I once dated is dating someone, but I still like him?
My boyfriend is not motivated even though I motivate him as much as I can. Should I leave him?
My ex boyfriend is going to ask me out as a dare from my uncle. Even though he already has a new girlfriend. What should I say?
What should I do to start a conversation with a girl on Quora?
I am dating a man who is 12 years older than me. Father's Day is coming up. What is an appropriate gift to get him to do with his kids?
Why am I insecure with my boyfriend?
Why would a guy who has played many girls before and openly bragged about his past to girls suddenly try to hide his entire past from someone new?
My crush is going to a different high school. I'm sad and really wanted to get to know him. Should I try to talk to him or leave it?
I love a girl and she loves me, but she has a boyfriend. She tells me that we'll be together one day. Should I stay or should I move on?
How do I know if somebody likes me?
How can I overcome the feeling of not wanting to study in the very last month after I’ve been preparing for it for almost a year?
Is it a good idea to ask a boy out to go swimming in the river?
If a guy asks out a girl and she says no and then stops talking to him, should the guy feel like he did something wrong?
Have you ever been in a situation where you want to love someone but just can't no matter how hard you try?
This article says it’s okay to be needy for girls. Is it also okay for guys? What do you think?
Can break up with your best friend hurt more than break up with your girlfriend?
Is it normal that an ex-wife and an ex-husband become friends and talk about their social life, careers, and dating lives while they both are in new relationships?
How do I get revenge on people who ignored me intentionally again and again for no reason?
How do I know when a boy likes me?
Should a girl be worried if she has her period twice in a month?
How can I tell a girl who suffers from BPD that I love her?
What should I do if my father gets attracted to me?
A man who finds another woman attractive says he is unable forget her. Can such a man really love his wife or be faithful to her?
One of my boyfriend's co-workers has a huge crush on him and has been looking into my life. Should I say anything about it?
I love a girl and I proposed her, she said that she is not interested. What should I do?
At the beginning, we were good and had sex, but now she keeps on making excuses. Why?
Can I trust a man who is 20 years older than me?
How do people flirt after being out of the dating scene for a long time? Do people still flirt?
Would you date a trans man that has done top and bottom surgery?
What does Anshul Sharma think about girls approaching a guy first?
Why does my ex text me but when I call him to clarify things doesn't he pick up my calls?
How do you know if a girl cares about you when she knows you're mad at her?
A girl said to me,"I am interested on you but haven't fall for you yet". What does this mean?
Why do I love my friend so much?
How do guys feel about girls asking them out?
What can I do, if my girlfriend gets married?
How do I deal with anxious partner?
How can I reccover from the shame and the suffering created by my decision taken to end my previous relationship with my ex-girlfriend?
When he says he really likes everything about you and wants a long-term relationship, is he really in love with you or does he just want to be physical?
Can anyone in Europe explain to me which group is the bad guys according to popular opinion: Antifa or Pegida/Legida (and the likes)?
What should you do when your boyfriend gets irritated about small things?
What does a boy feel when he has to leave his own home for his career, and what does he miss about his own home?
Why do girls realize the importance of their parents after they have a breakup, while lying to them during the relationship?
Why is marriage necessary for a man and a woman, logically?
What do I do about my probably-straight crush?
Where can I find an uploaded voiceover saying 'I'm a banana guy'?
How do I make my male teacher have a crush on me? I am 17 and female.
One of my friends has an M.Tech in remote sensing. She has done teaching for 2 years. She wants to get back to work. What are her options?
If a guy asks out a girl and she says no, why do people think it's wrong for him to ask out other girls? Shouldn't he accept that no means no and move on?
Is it immoral for a 30-year-old man to seduce an 18-year-old girl?
How do I stop crushing on a celebrity girl? I'm male, 21 years old and I'm crushing big time on Camila Cabello. I can't help being attracted to her.
If a girl almost avoids you the morning after the night you kissed her, does that mean she doesn't want you?
What is the way to find if a girl feels the same as I feel for her?
Is it wrong to ask a woman out, unless she is on a dating site or is referred by a friend?
What is appropriate in love and sex?
How can I show through my body language that I still care about my crush?
Someone very close told me they were sexually active. This came as a shock to me. How do I come to terms with it? I feel very weird.
What should you do when you think your bisexual best friend has a crush on you?
Can I marry a woman who is richer than me?
How would you know that your female friend isn't sexually attracted to you? But she wants to hang out all the time.
How do I tell my long-distance boyfriend I was molested?
How do I respond or deal with my boyfriend who - not only always assumes he is right, but he actually states his assumptions as fact?
Why should you talk to your ex just because he noticed and liked something in your profile on WhatsApp?
What are some thoughts about girls that can make me hate girls? I want to hate girls, because I am wasting time in search of a girl online.
How do I deal with my girlfriend’s past love?
How would you feel about your adult son dating a woman with Aspergers?
Should I give up on dating or is there a way I can solve this in my standards? I will reject “be a man and just approach” answers.
Why does a man kiss a girl on the neck when the girl tries to get away?
What does your boyfriend think of ZhangIntyre?
In a serious relationship, are threesomes a good idea?
Should I tell my boyfriend that I am jealous of his girl best friend?
I'm a middle-aged divorced woman and want the right dateable man. How does one balance showing interest in a man and being too needy?
How can you slowly build up a friendship that develops into a relationship?
If the Queen wanted a Bugatti Chiron, could she get it even if they have been sold out and if so, would she have to pay for it?
How should I accept the harsh truth of my life that she will never be with me?
How can I get my ex-girlfriend back from her new boyfriend?
What would you do if your boyfriend doesn’t want to marry you but wants to be in a relationship with you?
What do you call a woman who uses her body to earn attention?
Do you believe that loving someone, is giving everything for him?
What does it mean when a guy cries for a girl?
Psychologically, why am I attracted to 'bad boys'?
Have you ever regretted not asking a girl out?
Do older women want to date younger men?
What are some good places to pick up/meet new girls in Mumbai?
How do I overcome the fact that I will never have chances to meet my crush again?
Have you ever had to do something for the good of someone you loved, even though you knew it meant that they would never speak to you again?
She always responds to my WhatsApp messages, but not to my Facebook messages. She is always online on Facebook. Should I leave her?
My husband is abroad and he is mad at me and he is ignoring me. What can I do?
I am looking for large posters of world wine regions. However, I'm not very well off. Is there a way to get these affordably?
What does it mean when a girl tells you that she'd like to be with you but it doesn't depend much on her will?
Why do I fall for anyone who treats me nicely or pays the slightest bit of extra attention to me?
How do I get friendly with girls?
Do men who are not interested in a relationship state that they are not expressive?
Why is the mistress off the hook if she knows he is married? Shouldn't she have some blame too?
Is it healthy to go a week in a relationship/marriage without speaking to your significant other?
Is "sure" a definite yes when asking a girl to date you?
How do I go on to love again after a 20-year marriage dissolves when I am still filled with sadness and grief a year later?
What do you do if you're a straight man who prefers playing the passive role in dating?
Is this relationship going to work out?
How different are you and your boyfriend?
What if you like a girl who doesn’t want a relationship at the moment?
What is a good way to flirt with a girl without seeming weird?
What are the reasons a guy would share personal family problems with a girl?
Do girls feel happy when a friend apologizes for his mistake?
If a person asks a lot of questions, is he a confused man or a genuine seeker of truth?
I got a crush on this Indian guy who's a Christian. We don't talk but he happens to be joining a Christian college. What should I do?
Do Indian girls hug guys even though they are just friends?
Who moves on first from a long-term relationship? The dumper or the dumpee?
Why did my ex look me up on Facebook when he has a girlfriend?
I'm a confident individual but I am terrible at pulling girls, why? Am I gay?
Why is my ex making me jealous?
Is it possible for me to marry another man being a gay in India?
Am I doing the right thing thinking about ending a relationship?
Should you take time to get your life in order before you begin a relationship?
How can I deal with a best friend who is saying she is busy but finding time for something else?
What do you say to a lady when you're a half an hour or two late for your first date?
I only talk to a girl when she starts the conversation. Will that make me an arrogant before her?
Do extroverted guys like extroverted girls?
I have fallen for this guy's personality but he is a big time jerk. Is it normal to fall for a jerk's personality?
Does humility work in relationships?
My principal took my phone while checking my bag and she is not returning it back. How can I get it back?
What would a person feel when he realizes he cannot do the things he used to be great at?
What do I do when meeting a girl for the first time?
How do girls know whether they're interested in you or not within the first few minutes of meeting you?
Do couples who have been married for a long time still try to impress one another?
Does it mean anything when a guy asks you if you're still awake?
My brother has a girlfriend of 10 months. Should she be in the family wedding photos?
Which one should one select for a girl, a good, loving family or only a career?
If your boyfriend was walking home and happened to see an ex and started talking to her, would you be upset, even if his intentions weren't bad?
Is it wrong to ask out a girl that I know doesn't like me back?
What does my girlfriend mean when she says, "I wish you were my first."?
A girl keeps flaking out on me. Any ideas why or suggestions?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked “How am I doing?” and I responded “Great.” with a smile. What's wrong with that?
I just met a guy and wish to date him. What do I do?
What is anonymousemail.me?
I want to marry a girl from Delhi who is an orphan. How can I proceed further?
What does it mean when a guy can't look at you, even when you're standing right next to each other, after you reject him?
What do I do if a guy keeps saying he loves me?
Why is he lying to me about small and unimportant things? When I catch him, he denies it.
Is it okay for me to like 18-year-old women if my daughter is also 18 years old?
Should I break up with her because she complains a lot?
Are there any girls here looking for a friend or relationship?
Should I get back with my ex-girlfriend, who cheated on me with someone else and had sex with them, if I'm still interested in her and love the sex?
Does a proposal change things in a relationship?
What's your favourite thing about your boyfriend?
Why do we find ways to skip chances to propose to a girl whom we love the most?
What are your thoughts on the dual relationship described in socionics?
My mother gets immense pain in the heel every time she is out for a long time. Is there anything she could do on her own for it?
What are some things guys should know about girls?
What is your worst experience in a relationship? Who is more loyal, boy or girl?
How do introverts get a girlfriend?
Is it possible to find a guy who does not think of sex all the time but who can think of romance as something emotional, too and not just physical?
Why won't a girl whom I liked and who has blown me off leave me alone, even when I have told her we can never be friends?
What are signs that an outgoing guy is actually insecure? My crush acts confident but why won't he talk to me?
How can I get a girlfriend from LSR?
Why is my boyfriend angry because he said that I masturbate too much during sex?
What would you do if someone whom you deeply love ignores you?
I wanna date an IITian, how could I approach one?
She doesn't like to talk more. How can she build that confidence in herself to talk with strangers and convince him to get married with her?
What shall I wear for my first date as a 28-year-old man? Should I date her even when I knew her from school for a couple of years?
What should a girl do if she is in love with a stranger and cannot get over from his thoughts?
How long must I give up to propos a girl?
What does it mean if a girl tells me not to knock on my door?
What does it mean if she tells that she likes chocolate?
Can a hopeless romantic and a blunt realist ever have a healthy relationship?
Have you found long-lasting love with someone who left his ex because of you?
How significant is a 5 year age difference? I am 5 years older than most of my work colleagues and I feel odd.
How do I talk to my future girlfriend on Skype?
What's the most awkward first date you have ever had?
Is there a woman who’s bisexual and polyamorous with a female primary partner? How do you navigate through your wants and needs?
A girl says she's in love with me over text, so how do I make her fall even more in love with me?
How do I treat a man who only messages me shortly before or after midnight just to tell me good night?
What happened to your ex who left you for someone else?
Is it rude to tell a girl you don't care if she looks bad?
How do I treat a girl who entertains her boyfriend’s friends better than her own boyfriend?
Why am I never anyone's first choice?
This guy showed interest in me and treated me like his girlfriend but suddenly became cold. What should I do?
Is a relationship with a student good or bad?
What did men want in a relationship the most?
What's wrong with "I am sure to you."?
What should I do if girls look at me and boys complain that I am so handsome?
Are science students more likely to get a girlfriend in India?
I am deeply in love with a girl 2 years older than me. What does that tell about me?
How can I find out if a guy is attracted to me?
When teens get pregnant, why do the girls get blamed and not the guys?
Is it weird for a 41-year-old guy to marry a 22-year-old woman?
Is it really worth feeling all depressed after a relationship break up?
My crush is good, but he likes my best friend (s) and he treats me like his "bro". Should I move to the same class with him?
I'm in highschool and want to take an abroad summer trip but my mom keeps saying no. We have the money but she won't even discuss it. What do I do?
How can I be happier in life? I am a 15-year-old fat and ugly girl who has no clue about the future.
Both my fiancé's ex and my ex's girlfriend are rude towards me though I have been nothing but kind to both. What gives, and how do I handle it?
Does Yami think she is beautiful?
A girl I dated ended things after 4 months because she doesn't want a boyfriend. She still wants to hang out all the time. Is there hope for us?
How can I get someone who is already taken?
How long does it take to get over being broken up with?
How would you describe someone who should most strongly consider a dating website?
What should I do if I love two people at the same time?
What does it mean when a guy looks at you when you’re not looking, and then when you look at him, he snaps his head back to what he was doing?
If my crush talks to a lot of girls and doesn't try to talk to me, why did he talk to a girl about me staring at him?
Does a relationship with a BPD woman get shorter each time she recycles with the same partner?
How can I make my boyfriend share his problem, which he is suffering from, with me?
Do bisexuals perceive masculine and feminine beauty the same way? When you see a hot girl and a hot guy do you get the same type of tingles?
My tutor always tells me personal details about himself, opens the door for me, & treats me more like a friend than a student. Is he attracted to me?
How can I see if my guy friend/crush likes me?
How would you feel about dating a same sex partner who is somewhat religious?
How do I ask a girl for a date?
How does a fat kid get a girlfriend?
My friend eats paper and I am worried about him. What should I do?
How do I deal with a narcissist who treated me badly? Should I call him out on his behaviour or stay silent? I feel heartbroken and don't know what to do.
What's a movie where the guy gets his heart broken by a girl, loses his mind, and comes back years later as a super villain?
My girlfriend told me to "get the XXX out of her life", should I?
A girl I like also likes me, but she also likes her one male classmate. She is confused on who to choose as her boyfriend. How can I be the man of her dreams?
I don't have any male friend like every girl has. Is it so why I am mostly ignored?
Are most guys superficial? I just want the truth. Is it all about looks?
How do I ask for a discount from online dating coach?
I recently had sex with my girlfriend after a year, as I was away for a year. I ejaculated in less than three minutes. What should I do about this?
My crush always tries to get my attention, stares at me and when I like his pics he always likes mine right back a minute later, is he flirting?
What is the correct way to have a good relationship, especially if we do not talk that often?
My friend posted something on Facebook that said, "if you text me just to ask how my kid and I are doing I won't text back." Why?
Is it wrong to break up with a girl because you know she's not for you, even if she is very good to you?
Both my girlfriend and I are going to be (only slightly) busy this summer. What are ways we could keep in touch?
What are 10 quick reasons for rejecting a guy on an arranged marriage date?
How do I know if the woman I met is scamming me?
How can I be sure that he’s not cheating on me through his phone?
How do I make my parents and my girl friend’s parents accept my love relation? I am a jobless person.
How hard is it to choose a career over a girlfriend?
What does it mean when your crush ignores you one day and seems suddenly into you on other days?
How can you tell if a girl is interested in you? How can you tell if she is uninterested?
Why do girls like bad guys that lie?
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and have even kissed. Is he interested in me?
What is the best way to act around a girl who you like?
How do I impress our life partner when we have 2 months of time for marriage?
Is this guy cheating if he brings his cell phone to the bathroom every time he smokes in there? He seems to read and text someone in the bathroom.
Are there any suggestions to help me to not be affected by negative insults and insecurities in my relationship?
What is the best thing to do when my girlfriend compliments my best male friend too much?
Are there any statistics around what percentage of breakups happen because the girl dumped her partner, or otherwise?
Why is it difficult for me to be submissive to my boyfriend? We are trying to start a sub/dom relationship.
Why is it that this girl doesn't show interest in me until after she rejected me?
My girlfriend is giving me mixed signals and has mood swings. What should I do?
How can I convince my commitment-phobiac crush to be in a relationship with me?
Why does my crush seem off tonight? It is like there are two of them, maybe a twin? One moment the person is flirting, and the next this person is cold.
Should a woman marry a man before she dies so he would raise her child?
Should I be in a relationship with my friend/roommate’s ex?
How can I be less anxious in my relationship?
Do married men want to be able to divorce their wives simply by saying the word "divorce" 3 times (she cannot do the same)?
Has anyone regretted breaking off a relationship in hindsight?
Is it OK to date a guy who owns a gun?
If you get rejected by a girl, why is it a bad idea to ask out her sister? The first girl shouldn't care because she rejected you.
I kissed my friend, we both are into each other before, now he is seeing someone. But he still shows affection to me. What should I do?
How do I tell a person that she's annoying me all the time without hurting her feelings?
How do I find out who my girlfriend is chatting with on Facebook?
I’m 18, almost 19, and I want to stay at my BF’s house for 1 night. How do I go about asking and explaining why?
How should I approach the 17 year old son of my new girlfriend?
What’s the best way to show a girl that she means the world to you?
What are some romantic things you can do while camping with your partner?
As man I have always faced difficulty because I'm short. Should I prevent myself from having children of my own because they might suffer like me?
Has anybody out there fallen in love online, met in person, and continued with a permanent relationship?
What are the things you did after your break-up?
How do I react to my bf saying he thinks my older sister is hot?
What should you do if your girlfriend is introverted and slightly depressed because she was molested in her childhood?
How do you know if a guy you dated on and off is jealous, and how do you fix it?
Why do girls always want to talk to their husbands?
Is it hard to have a long distance love and keep each other happy?
If I get rejected by a girl, how soon should I ask out another girl?
How can a guy say no without getting slapped if a girl proposes?
I had multiple occasions where I had dreams about my highschool crush even if I am already in a relationship. Why?
What makes a relationship seem beautiful, contrasting or symmetrical?
Why do girls not like successful guys?
How can I help my boyfriend understand me as an artist?
How can I move on from a hopeless crush?
If the narcissist has discarded me and moved on, why is he still in my heart and mind?
How do I forget a girl whom I love but who rejected me?
I really like this girl. We've been close friends for a year. She has a boyfriend, who is moving to another country in August. What do I do?
What lies was Robert Kennedy exposing that got the Palestinians and the British very, very upset and had him murdered?
How does a 62-year-old widow meet a decent guy?
How do I not message my girl friend "too much" and not be clingy?
Why are girls less inclined to be interested in a guy who is interested in her?
Recently, one of my friends just got into a relationship. Now when she posts pics of herself with her boyfriend, why am I getting so jealous?
I'm dating a woman whom I would want to marry but I'm not sexually attracted to her. Is this a sign that the relationship is unsustainable?
Why do I always attract girls who already have a boyfriend?
Do you agree that 90% of dating is having the courage to talk to your perspective mate?
When someone asks the name of a beautiful girl you know, most people will answer the name of their girlfriend or wife. So what’s the use of asking that?
Did it ever happen that while in a relationship you got distracted, developed slight feelings for someone else, but now you are happy with your girlfriend?
Am I not feeling love for my boyfriend because I have depression, or because I don't love him?
If I ask someone to let me know to whom and what they're talking about, am I being controlling?
Does a guy feel scared in this situation?
If I think it’s likely we’ll break up, but we wanted to travel alone together/with friends this summer, should I still go? Are last hurrah trips ok?
What girl trends do guys hate?
I am shy, and I want to ask my crush if he likes me, without there being any pressure. We are good friends. How should I ask him?
Can I find a man that would love me now and not my money?
How do I know if he is right for marriage?
Will I get over this break up someday?
A guy told me that he never had to ask a girl out to figure out if she likes him? How is this possible?
How quickly can a girl know whether she is interested in a guy or not?
My parents don't talk to me anymore. They don’t even allow my siblings to contact me. What can I do?
What are some pet names for a lover that will make her love you more than before?
To which song should I propose to her to?
Has anyone met a boyfriend/girlfriend on Quora?
What would you do when you like a colleague so bad but dating is not allowed in your office?
Is it wrong to be in a relationship because you want kids?
What would you do if you extremely liked someone's personality and mind, but you weren't physically attracted to them?
How do I know if my hubby is cheating on me? I have a girl's name and a number. Though he is into film direction, the msg. didn't read right.
My boyfriend has decided to choose his friends over me. Should I leave him forever?
I love my girlfriend, we've been together for over a year, but I feel like I'm losing my feelings/interest, why am I feeling this way?
What do you think about a relationship between an Indonesian girl and an Italian guy? Is it possible? We know that those are very different, like night and day.
When do the highs of dating a narcissit wear off?
How do you handle your mother and your lovely girlfriend, who soon could be your wife? Whom should you give the first priority over the other?
Why couldn't Ahsoka Tano feel whoever killed Letta Turmond in prison and why she couldn't feel that it wasn't Ventress but Barriss who attacked her?
How do I get over my crush having a girlfriend?
How do you ask a girl/lady to have sex with you without being disgraced?
How do I tell someone that I don't want to pursue a relationship with them without hurting their feelings?
Sometimes things take a while to work out. Is this true for relationships?
My best friends told my crush that I like him, what do I do?
How can I make my girlfriend feel like a woman?
Have you ever dated a sikh guy/girl? Share your experience.
I talk to my girlfriend's friends but she won't make an effort to get to know my friends. If we are to have a future, what should I do?
How do white boys in the US feel about dating Indian girls? Do they respect Indian cultures?
Is she interested or just thinks of me as a friend?
I like this girl and we've been on dates. Although she denies them, she still goes with me. What does this mean?
How can you know if he is just not that into you?
My girlfriend is texting and calling me but I failed to answer. She became upset on me, is this a negative sign?
There is a guy that I love and I have a huge crush on him. He is really sweet and good-looking. How can I be one of his friends and eventually, boyfriend?
Is it normal to feel jealous when your girlfriend says that she thinks a celebrity is "hot"?
I love my work, but I feel it won't let me grow in my career. What should I do?
I met a girl on a dating app, but saw her friend, and she is much cuter. How do I get her to hook me up with her friend?
How can I tell my crush's friend to help me and my crush get together (her friend knows that I like her)?
I am 18 and my girl is 17, so can I take her to a room, which I'll book, as she is a minor?
I haven't heard from my boyfriend since we had an argument (a week ago). He keeps ignoring me, it hurts so bad. What should I do?
My ex who has a boyfriend wants to hook up. How do I approach this?
Why did a guy send a picture that said “thinking of you” to me?
What if my ex comes back and asks me to marry him again? How should I respond?
Did someone love a girl for 10 years and later end up losing her?
How does it feel to be a straight guy? Even if you see a guy with his abs showing and muscles pumping you won't feel a thing?
What is it like to date an Odia boy?
Laura's sister-stalker isn't her twin, of course. So, who is this sister-stalker and why is she going after the well-spoken Laura Ruhl?
When you first talked to your partner how did he react?
Have you ever been asked out completely by surprise?
If you ask a girl in a public library if she has a boyfriend and she tells you she’s not going to answer that, what does it mean?
It's been five months and I still think about my ex every day. Is this normal?
How can I have sex with a female I want to with whom I meet everyday but can't talk about it?
I embarassed myself in front of my crush? Is it really that bad? What should I do?
My boyfriend wants to go to Israel one day. What should he expect when he gets there?
Why would an ex or crush even attempt to play games with a person?
How can I seek vengeance against my ex girlfriend without causing any physical harm to her?
How do you know if a boy really likes you as a girlfriend?
Why can't I focus on liking one girl?
Can a damaged girl ever truly be loved by a good man?
How do I overcome being in love with Ariana Grande because I don't ever have a chance with her?
Did Dylan McIntyre tell his dad about his cheating girlfriend and if so, how did it go?
We went on two dates, how should I plan the third one? We went to an open market on the first and hiking on the second. We only hugged once.
Does it mean anything when a guy lets you take a bite of his food?
Is there anything wrong with loving to be a slob?
Do you think that it's rare to find someone that actually loves you for you and accepts you for who you are?
I've liked this boy for 9 months already and he rejected me 3 times, and I can't seem to get over him. How do I stop my feelings for him?
What is the culture of India about dating?
Is it a good idea to send my date a message the evening before that I’m looking forward to it?
I like this guy and he noticed me looking at him and he keeps pointing to me and saying something to his friends. Is he calling me weird?
Are you suppose to be lonesome when you are married?
I always feel like my gf is not telling me something, how can I ask her?
How can I know if this guy is genuine or just playing or is a scammer?
What lie was Robert Kennedy exposing that cost him his life?
What would you do if your ex disrespects you, but don't want to lose her as person?
I can't talk to my crush and it's driving me insane. How do I talk to her?
Should I express my feelings to my best friend?
Is it a good idea to tell a person that you're gonna ask them out before you ask them out?
What does it mean if I'm the only one who’s initiating conversations or meet-ups?
Can a guy like someone else whilst entering a new relationship?
How do I get to talk to a shy and strange guy?
What's the solution when my boyfriend left me and it wasn't my fault? It was my sister's. How can I make him listen? He blocked me.
If you find out that your ex-boyfriend (who was going to buy you a ring) nailed his colleague, what would you say to that girl?
Guys, what was your best "player move" back in the day?
How can you tell when a boy is dating you out of pity?
How do I get back at my cheating girl friend?
What should be the three important things for a perfect relationship?
If I traveled to North Korea and started flirting with a woman, would she be interested in me? Or would she hate me?
It is necessary to tell my new boyfriend about my ex?
What should I call my girlfriend?
Should I always receive money from my boyfriend?
What can I do if I don't love a guy like he does?
Why should you never ask out a friend of a girl that rejected you?
Is there a real true psychic that can tell me if my girlfriend really loves me and only me?
A lot of guys told me that they masturbate with my picture. It feels so weird. Should I still talk to them?
What does ‘fighting fair’ mean?
So I tend to like guys who have no chance of ever liking me back. And that depresses me alot. How do I deal with it?
How I can deal with the trouble of trying to catch a girl?
If a woman before actually talking to you deeply, she decided to let her family know you're talking to her. Is it a good sign she wants you?
Do women like car guys?
I had a childhood crush on Michael Jackson, is it wrong?
Why do Indian guys try to use Quora like it's a dating website? Don't they know it's not for that purpose?
How do I spot a cheater on the first date?
What does it mean when a guy offers you his t-shirt?
What does the ending of Samurai Jack mean?
If some stranger girls make too much eye contact while passing beside me, is she attracted to me?
Is it a good idea to ask my girlfriend out again?
A girl is offering me to have sex with her, what should I do?
How can I know if my partner is cheating on me in a long distance relationship?
How do I confess my deep feeling to my guy genuinely without being dramatic?
Do you think I have any hope of finding someone who will at least like me (romantically)?
What are some subtle methods I can use to get a girl to confess her feelings?
As a divorced mom, 49, how do I get back into dating educated stable men? It's been 23 years since I last dated.
How do I hint to a girl that you want to date her?
What should someone call his/her future fiancee/fiance as 'AAP' or 'tum'?
Are there places in Guwahati where I can take my girlfriend at 5 am for a romantic and private date?
Is a boyfriend who loves a lot but is so insecure that he keeps me away from my male friends worth keeping?
What was challenging in your transition from dating to marriage?
Is it possible to date an Emirate woman?
How do I handle ignorance from a girl I had sex with?
I am 21. But I don't have a girlfriend. What should I do?
Should I cast my pride aside to give someone another chance?
How do I win a girl’s heart?
Is it acceptable to let your boyfriend have sex with other women when you are in a long-distance relationship?
What does American call dating mean? To allow their children to meet?
Should I marry a girl who is older than I am and who is a divorcee?
If I was meaner than I meant to be when I broke up, should I apologize?
What happens when you don't nurture your relationship?
I'm 18 years old Indian boy but my girlfriend is 10 months older than me. I'm 175 cm tall and she is 158 and she is Chinese. Is this okay?
How can I get a girl to fall in love with me? What are the qualities that enable you to do that?
Should I hide my Tinder page from my ex if I want him to get back?
I’m a 24-year-old female and he's 51. Would you consider this age gap to be "weird"?
Is asking someone an ETA wrong?
Why do most girls date us just to make their ex-partners jealous?
Is it very rare to find a girl with both physical beauty and good at heart?
Why would a girl not know my name if I’ve told her a thousand times, and I show up a lot?
How can I stop feeling that no one will ever love me or want me romantically?
Have girls ever rejected a guy and found that he ended up getting another girl shortly afterwards?
Is it sad that I'm 18 and still watch how to get a girlfriend videos?
What would you do if your girlfriend talks to her friend in their native language in front of you?
How do I get over my love for my lifelong best friend because I'm terrified to tell her?
How does progression in relationships work?
Is it true that if a guy was interested in a girl after a few dates, he would call or text daily?
My friend told his crush he loved her, but she didn't know how to feel. His friend told her the same, and it seemed to go better. What should he do?
Is it a turnoff for girls when a guy has been rejected by a lot of girls?
Could this guy have a crush on me because he stares at me when I’m not looking, glances at me, fixes his hair and gets nervous when I'm around?
What should I do when I feel like my girlfriend is cheating?
How do I know that my GF really loves me?
How can I make a girl I love not hate me?
My daughter is moving away after getting married, she wants me to move closer or move in with her. Is that a good idea?
What is the meaning of “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
Does moving in together mean a relationship?
How do you differentiate between being a masculine woman and a man?
Why can’t I make eye contact with girls?
How have you got over your ex you dumped and then you happened to see him/her dating again?
What does it mean when your female friend texts her other guy friend that she is by herself in the mall while she is actually with you?
When is the right time to have sex with your boyfriend?
What is the best thing to do if the woman you love doesn't want to get into a relationship because she is focused on her career & obtaining a master’s?
Why do Americans "propose" to their girlfriends?
Can my girlfriend leave her husband for me?
Should I stop being annoyed that my boyfriend calls another woman "baby"?
Why isn't he interested in coming back to me again, even when I told him I changed my mind about sex? Why can't I seem to forget him?
What is your opinion if a girl has a male best friend?
Is the guy I'm dating interested in me if he takes so long to message me back?
Is being physically intimate with one woman then having sex with another on the same day and lying about it being disrespectful to her?
Will an IITian be interested in dating a non-IITian girl?
Can I ever date a Scorpio man since I'm a Leo woman?
How do I contact my crush if she isn’t on any social media?
Why does this guy care that I didn't message him?
Louise (FoZ) somehow summons Magnus (WH40k) as her familiar, though he, of course, is not going to be such a thing. What does he do to Halkeginia?
What are the telling signs of someone loving you if he or she is already with someone?
Should a guy marry a girl who has decided to never consummate the marriage? Should the guy keep up his hopes and get married? Both are good friends.
If I’m 27 years old, then how can I represent India in athletics?
What's a good short love letter for your girlfriend on your two month anniversary? We are young so we can't do much.
When do you know when to stop chasing someone you love?
What happens if you have feelings with one of your teachers, like a relationship?
In a society like India, will a guy be tolerant enough to marry a girl who is much more educated than he is?
How do I make girlfriends who are 3 or 4 years older than me?
Do you stay with the love of your life even when it feels like there's no hope left?
What if you feel that girl is just the one for you? Do you chase her to death even if being together looks so hard currently, even after so many years?
Why are me and my ex still so close after our breakup?
How can I be of help during my girlfriend’s period?
I'm a guy and so is my best friend, and also I'm in love with him. What must I do?
Every time I am alone for a long time, I feel like I am losing my mind. What is wrong with me?
If someone on Quora asked you out to see a movie or go to a disco, would you consider it?
Why would a divorced man get back together with his ex-wife right after dating me and then realizing that it wasn't going to work?
I am single for 11 years. What is wrong with me?
How do I behave with an ex crush and current friend?
Why do I find it so hard to get over my crush?
Now that I've decided that online dating is the worst idea ever, how should I go about meeting nice people in the real world?
Is there any girl who is not satisfied​ with marriage?
If your partner cheated on you, is it possible to forgive him and continue the relationship?
Why do girls behave in a jealous and immature about their husbands, and don’t allow him to go out with a friend or talk to her in-laws?
When we say hello to a girl on Facebook and she doesn't reply, what is going in her mind or attitude? Does this mean she doesn’t want to talk to strangers?
What do you do if you want to be with someone who would tell you that they will try but that you could never match or replace their ex?
My ex didn't call me after I texted that I regret dumping him and wanted to talk, but he still likes my pictures. I'm confused. Should I give him more space?
Why is it that, when my one guy friend and I hang out, we seem to always hang out for 7+hours at a time?
Do guys like girls around 5'2″?
Have you ever gotten back with an ex, when you thought 100% that would never happen?
How do I confess to my teacher that I've liked him for half a month already? He is now a student studying Law and our ages are 7 years apart.
Why should I even bother with girls if I have always been rejected by them?
My boyfriend licked my face when I had sunscreen on. Is he in any harm?
Can a girl make herself anorexic?
My new girlfriend wants me to have a beard. I've let it grow for two weeks and don't like it. She says it makes me more attractive. What should I do?
She only said that it is sin, but didn't say that she will feel sad if I die. Why should I listen to what she said?
What does the perfect relationship look like and how would it function?
How would you feel if your boyfriend/girlfriend have no friends at all?
When does love happen? Why does it happen? I was friends with someone for a long time, “just friends” friends, but then suddenly, out of nowhere, I loved.
Has your boyfriend/girlfriend died in front of you?
Are girls and boys allowed to date in LNMIIT?
Why would someone make private their relationship status on FB? Especially when you can link to their partner that says married?
Should you split up with your partner if they want you to become Christian?
Where can I find someone who is single and who wants to be in a relationship?
What are some things a girl should know about guys?
What makes a man irresistible to you?
Do guys like girls who play guitar?
Im taking a girl out in Birmingham for the day for a date where shall we go as its our 4th date?
How should I know how much to compromise in a relationship?
I'm in talks with a potential employer but when ever I talk to him I feel sunken, like someone died. Should I consider this as a signal?
How can you tell if your boyfriend is not in love with you anymore?
Asking my girl to always talk to me, to share everything with me, to care about me and meet frequently is leading to more arguments. What should I do?
If a guy that likes me got mad and blocked me because I didn't reply, does that mean he actually cares or doesn't care about me?
In a fight, I hit my best friend. On Sunday is her birthday dinner, to which she uninvited me. She said that we could talk next week. What should I do?
After one year apart from a borderline ex-gf, is there any chance that we can rekindle our relationship?
My girlfriend is constantly in debt and I am always dragging her out. How do I help?
Does my crush like me back? If so, what should I do next?
How are Odia guys? Do they like northern girls?
How are so many men able to trick women with false promises of marriage or a long-term relationship, given that it's the oldest trick in the book?
Did he friendzone me? He said "For as long as we stay friends."
What does it mean when a guy stares and smiles at you while you are out together?
Can we marry an unsettled guy for whom we may have to compromise our own career?
Is it okay for a boy to date a girl if they are one year apart (age wise) but 3 grades apart? (The guy is the older one.)
What should I do? He confessed his love to me, but each time he was drunk and called me the next day just to apologize for saying all that.
How do I control my insecurity and jealousy over my girlfriend?
What do girls think about one-sided lovers? Do girls actually feel sympathatic for them or just creepy?
My wife said she love me but she said she don't believe in herself, what can I do?
Who is Alexa Bliss sleeping with in the WWE, because her wrestling skills suck but she keeps being the champ?
Is kissing her on the forehead after asking her out a good thing to do?
If my friend sneakily clicks some pictures of me, what are the laws that I can use for complaining against him?
How does a girl flirt over text?
Do outgoing guys get scared of talking to girls they like, and does staring without looking away indicate attraction?
What should I say when I'm calling a girl on Skype that I like? I'm nervous.
Do you guys like fat babes?
Is it unreasonable to dislike someone who likes your former crush?
My boyfriends dad doesn't like me at all. How should I handle this?
My boyfriend cursed me because we have little misunderstanding, can I marry that kind of person?
What are the questions you want to ask a guy when you are going to marry him?
Is it unfair for me to ask my flatmate to at least tell me when she has guests?
How did the fat guy drink a bottle of water in one second?
How can I trust my partner?
What is your advice to partners of porn actors worried about their ability to satisfy him/her knowing he/she has had experiences with professionals?
One of my friends likes a boy. He knows, and when I joked and said "Oh, he totally likes you," he seemed a bit bothered by it. Should I do anything?
How do I get "unstuck" in my thinking that no one will want to be in a relationship with me because I am fat?
As a Muslim parent, will you allow your underage girl to get married to a man much older than she is?
Do you think you would have fallen in a strong love if you never met your spouse?
What are some interesting topics or things to do on a date to the park & library?
Why do you think Princess Diana chose to date Muslim men as the last 2 romantic relationships of her life?
Is it OK to marry a girl that has slept with men too many times?
What should I do when a relationship becomes complicated?
How regularly do girls get dirty messages and how do they respond?
How do I get over my boyfriend who left me because I have cancer?
I cursed a girl I know out on Facebook Messenger. She didn't reply, but she didn't delete me or unfriend me. What does this mean?
What does it mean when your friend asks the guy you're talking to what he thinks about you and he says it's different?
Can a distance relationship be productive?
How long should you wait after ending a relationship, before dating again?
Why is there this one girl that I can't seem to stop being interested in?
How can I just be friends with a girl I love with whom I was once in a relationship?
Would it ever be okay to ask someone out that you've already asked out before?
I feel for a girl but currently she is in a relationship, but the time spent with me makes me sure she has feelings for me, what should I do?
Should I talk again to my ex-boyfriend and sort things out?
My ex boyfriend told my friend (when he was drunk) he was with me only for sex. How can somebody act they're in love, just to get what they want?
How do I get my ex out of my mind?
How should I hate my ex-boyfriend whom I still love?
All my life, I never received any female attention. Suddenly this girl starts getting attached to me for no reason. But I don't feel anything. Why?
Is it true all men cheat? As a man, does this statement offend you? As a woman, would you end your relationship over cheating?
How do I stop fanstasizing about my ex and move on?
How can I approach someone who doesn't know me?
Why do you want to love a person who loves you like hell?
If you break up with someone but they keep in touch, what does this mean?
I fell hard for someone I only dated for 1 month. He dumped me after sex. Now, I often see him in our small town. How do I get over it? It's been almost 6 months.
How can a guy after breakup prevent being attracted to anyone?
How is it to date a bisexual girl who is already in a relationship with another girl?
Is liking guys who are loners, smart and have no life, bad?
My ex-boyfriend of 7 years dumped me. Now he sent indirect messages showing he still cares. I want to move on but I’m confused. What should I do?
I told someone yesterday something I had never told anyone before. Is it weird that instead of feeling lighter and happier I feel heavier?
I am talking online to a man for marriage and have fallen for him before even seeing him in person. Does he love me?
What is it like to date someone like your mum's age?
I have a boyfriend but I flirted with another guy. Should I tell him?
Why would a girl who rejected me be offended if I asked out another girl?
I've asked a couple girls to prom but gotten rejected both times. How many girls should I ask before I give up?
What should I do if a girl controls me sexually?
I have a friend who wants to cut. Should I stop him or encourage him?
What does it mean when a girl says no to your proposal, but still stays in contact with you?
A couple weeks ago I asked a girl out over text message, and she said she'll let me know when she is free. She never did. What does this mean?
Why is it so hard to attract a woman?
How can I be less anxious in my relationship? And how can I learn to take a step back and let them take control?
Why can’t I insult someone when I know he is making a fool of me? Is he doing wrong or is he trying to manipulate me?
What will a girlfriend feel when a boy has a closed penis?
I'm madly in love with someone, who's using me & confessed it too, but I'm unable to accept it. What should I do?
Why and how could someone who says that he or she loves you break up with you the very next day?
How can I get him to feel comfortable and regain his trust when I broke his heart and rejected in the worst possible way?
My guy friend told me to ignore a guy I like (likes me too) on WhatsApp to check if he is serious and really wants me. Is it true?
What would you do if you had told a girl that you would marry her and later your parents won't agree to the marriage?
How do I get my sister to pay me a huge amount of money that she owes me because she doesn't want to pay up?
What was your relationship with your boyfriend like in the beginning?
Why did my crush look at me, as if he were searching for something on my demeanor, when I passed by him?
How do you say, "Either the boy or the girl has done this" in Chinese?
How do I know if a girl is a virgin without asking her uncomfortable questions?
What do girls think about cars?
Is he into me when he has an intense look at me and smiles constantly when I'm with him, but usually talks way more about himself than about me?
Will my future wife get mad if I buy her lingerie and ask her to wear it on Valentine's Day?
How can I make an introvert girl like me?
Is an honest approach a good way to get with a girl?
Is it ok to go on a date with two different people?
Just because I am helpless, is it fair to call me a negative guy?
Why can't I stop thinking about my male friend, even when I'm not romantically interested in him?
What if your citation is dated wrong?
How do you know if someone was ever a boy if she doesn't have a penis?
In Japanese culture, how long does dating take until the woman is ready to get physical?
What are some things that guys find attractive in a girl?
How should I let a girl know that I like her?
Does the success of rich men dating websites conclusively prove that the majority of women are gold diggers?
What do I do if I get mixed feelings when my boyfriend of 6 months who loves me touches me?
What's your SWOT analysis on yourself as a potential dating partner?
We've been together for 4 years and it's quite late that I've found out that he had been chatting with his ex during our first 2 years. Should I get angry?
Is it okay to be single when you're​ 21? The last time I dated someone was a year ago. I am even getting worse at flirting and making friends.
How do you make a guy friend like you?
He is seeing someone else. I can't take this pain. Why has my narcissistic husband abandoned me and made no contact?
Why are my brothers disrespecting my girlfriend?
I had been so much in love with this guy from college for several months. He insulted me very rudely on our graduation trip. Why would he do that?
What can I do or say to get him back with the same amount of hurt as he has hurt me?
What is the worst relationship advice you can ever give?
I really want to ask this girl I met recently to go to prom. I knew her since I was 12 but lost touch over the years. Should I ask? (Prom is on June 28.)
Is there a way to get back your ex of 10 years after they've moved on from a breakup? I'm heartbroken and still crazy in love.
How do I decline an invitation from my brother's girlfriend?
How do I calm my best friend when she's crying like "wooah," and she won’t tell me the reason either?
How can I confirm the BITSAT test date? My initial date is tomorrow, but I’ve requested it for the 30th.
What is the best way to make yourself want to be single and be happy while single when you long for a serious relationship?
I am in a new relationship with a friend two weeks after ending a 4 year relationship. I am much more happier and at ease. Is there hope?
Does Kritika Negi have a boyfriend?
She betrayed me, but still she wants to be with me, but she also loves him. What should I do?
Is it healthy to want to be in a relationship with someone despite the lack of feelings towards them?
A guy I used to date and who said he loves me acts depressed when I see him out. Why?
Is it wrong that it makes me mad when people say "She's in a better place"? What does that say about me?
Why girls don't want to have sex with me?
How can someone be so loving, kind, sweet for 5 months then just decide they don't want to talk to you anymore? I'm so hurt.
How do I deal with my ex's anger? How should I tell him to stop harassing me?
Coming from a broken home family and kind of cheated on once and surrounded by people in infidelity, what should I do to believe in love again?
Why do I want to have someone to love as a boyfriend or husband if I am only 13?
Is it a confidence builder to go for a girl who's out of your league?
Can you get your ex back after a worse breakup?
What shall I do to get my crush back?
Why would my ex boyfriend add me on Facebook?
Why would a guy say he's not interested in a girl, when his actions say otherwise?
Why don't I have a girlfriend? I am a nice guy with a great job, but I don't have the gift of looks.
Which are the best exercises for overall growth of the body of a 15-year-old boy?
How do I convince my best friend to leave her boyfriend? Both say they love each other but keep fighting every minute and it's ruining her life and career.
How do I make a relationship with a cheater work out?
What was dating like in the 80s & 90s as compared to now?
Is it possible to be in love with 2 guys at the same time?
If a man is willing to do anything regardless of ethics, can we say he has no bottom line?
Why does a man talk about other women he has been involved with or still want him to a woman he is dating?
Why is it that no matter how nice others treat me or flirt with me, I always go back to my first crush?
How can't you know when an insincere friend is just faking being real?
Should I promise my girlfriend marriage in the future?
How do people rationalize that they're not in a bad relationship when they're in a bad relationship?
What does it mean if a guy always favor a girl?
Do you still miss your ex habit and what are those?
What would be your reply if someone you loved said, 'Hmmm' when you really wanted to speak more?
I currently met this girl we both like each other but she always expects me to communicate with her first, what should I do to draw her attention?
What did Sarita Nair mean when she said in the solar panel scam case 'Show me one politician who has not slept with me'?
Is it possible to have a good friends with benefits relationship with someone you once dated, or will feelings (jealousy, attachment, etc) arise again?
She used to be pretty responsive over my messages but these days she just reads, why?
After one year of being in a relationship, my boyfriend confessed to me that he has a drinking problem. How can I help him?
How many times do you go out with someone before having sex?
What is the most tell tale sign that you’re involved with a convert narcissist in a relationship?
How can I know if she likes me or not? When I talk to her she just smiles and looks away she doesn't say anything.
Why does my new boyfriend avoid me when we finally have alone time together?
If you got to know your wife was cheating on you while you guys were dating, what will you do?
Why do girls avoid their female classmates?
My girlfriend is jealous of my female best friend. What should I do?
An American girl wants to marry a Pakistani guy and wants to move to Pakistan. Is it a good idea?
Is safe flirting liberating for women?
How do you end a relationship with somebody that you don't hate but just not physically attracted to anymore?
What is wrong when an Aquarius girl suddenly ignores me?
Can a 13 year old be in love with a 22 year old guy?
Do your partner's facial features sometimes bother you? Is it normal?
How do I overcome a girl who ditched me in love?
How can I make my girlfriend to love me again after she moved on with her first love?
I'm trying to move on from my best friend who has a boyfriend but I can't, what should I do?
How do you win back your beloved when she appears to care nothing about you?
Should I hide my Tinder page from my ex if I want him back?
Is it ok to stay with a good man if I'm not in love? I function better with him.
How do I have a good relationship if my girlfriend and I are shy when we are near each other?
Is it ok to cheat if you're forced to stay in a relationship because your partner pulled the suicide card when you tried to end things?
I am socially awkward with girls. How can I change that?
I'm in a relationship, but I'm starting to like another guy. What should I do?
How can a guy approach a girl if he catches her staring and suddenly looking away when he caught her staring?
How do you get a guy to be interested in seeing you again?
How would the dating scene be affected if people took a reverse ageing drug and started getting younger?
Why is my ex apologizing after all the hurtful things he said to me a few days ago?
Why do guys call girls babe?
Why do girls gossip about it to their friends after they reject a guy?
What shows that you still love your partner after so many years of staying together?
Is cooking a man's or a woman's job?
What do you do if no one asks you out?
Why do they like me but don’t come closer?
Should I text this girl, or wait a few months to meet her?
Should I give my crush a lift?
Is asking a girl out in a big way a good idea to get her to say yes?
Is it bad that I do nothing to stop my brother from doing sex regularly with his girlfriend in our house?
Should I continue to date him?
How will you appease your customer if he was late getting the cab and paid for it but is now asking for a refund?
Is it true that behind every beautiful girl there is a friendzoned DSLR guy?
"Oh no! She's upset! Let me give her time too cool off." Why are all guys like that?
Is modern day dating completely hopeless?
My best guy friend is younger than me, and I like him, but we'll be in different schools next year. Should I tell him?
How do narcissists respond, when confronted by a supplier's partner? Would she be more likely to deny it and say we are just friends or be boastful?
If a girl knows a guy likes her but she doesn't tell him she has a boyfriend, is that leading him on or being dishonest?
What are the signs that a female is just passing time with you?
How do you get a Japanese guy to like a Chinese girl?
How do you get the player type of man to commit when he’s reaching that point of change?
I’m going out of town for a few days and I just got two kittens. If I leave a lot of food and water will they be okay?
Is it crazy to ask my boyfriend if he's in it for the long haul?
How do I know he's the right guy to marry?
As part of an arranged marriage proposal, I was talking to the guy for the last 4 months. Only now he tells me he doesn't have any feelings for me. What should I do?
How do I reach out to a recent relationship without seeming needy?
Why does my ex who dumped me cry when I call her?
I am deeply in love with a guy that is 2 years younger than me. What does that say about me?
What can I do about my brother’s ex, who won't leave my grandma's house?
After months of silence, why would a girl congratulate me?
A boy is extracting my information from different sources. He is not safe. I don't know him. What should I do?
Why hasn't the guy I'm dating contact me ever since he went to his country?
When you're already in a relationship how do you know you're in love with that person?
Why do some people always expect me to greet them all the time, girls or even fellas, is that a demonstration of power or self importance?
How can a guy increase his flirting skills?
How do I make a girl ready for sex?
Why does the guy I’m dating regard me as bossy?
How easy or difficult is it for a 30-year-old woman to remarry in India after a divorce from a marriage of 6 to 7 years?
What makes any guy, narcissist or psychopath, decide whom to victimize, if it’s a man or a woman?
Why do girls always like you when you're taken?
What does it mean when your bf keeps asking you to be intimate?
A friend wants me to meet a girl to date, but I think she is too fat. How can I exit this nicely?
A poem from 13 Reasons Why asks, “How many circles can I walk in before I give up looking? How long before I’m lost for good?” What does this mean?
Do you believe in the dating process?
Is offensive name calling normal in a relationship? To me, it hurts and I don't know how to explain what I feel.
Does a break up between two friends hurt more than a break up between a romantically engaged couple?
When is it too young for girls to have sex?
My guy friend is in love with me and I don't feel the same. What should I do?
Is it wrong to hide your real age from your classmates?
What innocuous behavior deterred you from dating someone?
Me and my ex were together for 5 years. I started to take her for granted and she dumped me. Do you think it made me a bad boyfriend?
Is it a good idea to talk to your ex before getting married?
What will a girlfriend need from me?
How do I transition from being single to being in a relationship with someone?
I prefer not to have sex, should I say this before the first date?
How can I know if my wife loves me for real?
Whom would you choose: your present partner or the same partner who time traveled to you by realizing her mistake of breaking up which happens later?
What's with a man who has had 4 dates with me and says he wants to see me again soon but doesn't talk or text me during the week?
What are the best ways to propose to a girl in a dramatic way or a film-like style?
Do you think I should just tell him what I want?
Should I take back my ex after he cheated for almost four months and says he is sorry?
What is the best poetry I can send to a girl that I like?
Why would a man who I know liked me, but is damaged from a divorce/ex and not relationship ready, care if he is my rebound or not?
What is the relationship called that is more than friendship and less than love?
If a girl shows a guy her private parts on the second date, does that mean she is easy?
Is the guy into you if he tells you his entire day daily?
My gf's roommate told me she is talking to her colleague on phone for hours, do I have to worry?
I just got engaged last month. It's an arranged thing. How do I know if she likes me or some other guy?
Why does a woman fall in love with a man after they have sex?
Should I marry a good person even if I am not in love with him?
Who want to text me?
My girlfriend just told me that in the last 1.5 years of our relationship she had orgasm only 1 time. Is it my fault?
Can a girl knock a guy out by a kick in the balls?
What should I do to figure out if he will take a chance with me?
Can a damaged, BPD girl ever truly be loved and liked for real?
As a bisexual female, how do I approach relationships with other women?
What are some of the problematic behaviors in relationship being presented as romantic and/or declaration of love in media?
How do you get mild BPD men to completely detach from a relationship that they believe they control?
Do guys prefer dating girls that have a higher education than themselves as much as girls prefer dating someone that has a higher education than theirs?
What is the simple meaning of, “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
Is it normal if your partner's certain habit irritates you? My girlfriend is a little clingy and it irritates me sometimes. Is that normal?
What does it mean when a guy says I'm cute?
How should you consider your lover?
My boyfriend doesn't help me clean up, pay bills or look after the animals. What can I do to get him to help?
I have a virgin girlfriend, but anytime we kiss or romance, she complains her vagina is tormenting her and then she blacks out. Is this normal?
Should you split up with your partner if they want you to be Christian but you don't want that?
How do I know if a shy guy might be interested without ever talking to me in general?
Suppose you meet an equally caring person while you are in a relationship. Will you go with this new person?
I asked a girl out in my class and she said maybe. She also gave me her number over Snapchat. What should I do now?
What should I do if my boyfriend is very annoying?
How do I know if he truly loves me even though he cheated on me with his twin brother’s wife? He thought I was cheating, so he did. Does he love me?
What makes someone stay in a narcissistic relationship when they know in their heart that they're in a bad place?
What does it mean when a guy talks about his family upon first meeting?
If I get rejected by a girl, is it ok to pursue her best friend?
Can someone propose a challenge to me?
I was convicted of a sex crime about 5 years ago at 23 and ultimately was charged about 9 months later. It ruined my life. What can I do?
How can I date 2 girls in the same time if they work together?
In Russia, how would you say "you're cute" to a girl, and how would you say "you're cute" to a boy?
Why do older men mostly look better than younger men?
Does she not love me?
I'm trying to connect with him again after a really difficult time, how can I proceed?
Why are some girls uncomfortable with talking to other guys when they have a boyfriend?
Has anyone ever dated a Goth?
Why do people love if they know they will just get hurt? Do they love because they just want to have a child?
How do I know that the person I am going to marry is legal?
Would you ask your date why he/she didn't want to go out again after the second date? What did they say when you asked?
Should I be in a long distance relationship with someone whom I've never met in real life?
When the guy I like showed interest in me, I had a panic attack and rejected him. Now he doesn't want to talk to me. Is there a way to fix this?
She is not talking to her male friends that have feeling for her. I told her I liked her before. Now, she is talking to me again. What is with her?
What should I do to make him feel loved if he's broken and won't open up?
I really like this guy and he's a good friend of mine. But he is in love with this other girl that he is also waiting for. What should I do?
Do you regret breaking up with your boyfriend/girlfriend because of your parents’ pressure? Why?
My wife asked for a divorce and now she's acting all happy. What gives? Why is she acting like this?
Can one crush on someone when he or she has a lover?
What do you think about Poland girls?
How do casual relationships turn exclusive?
What should one do if he/she is treated or kept as an option by a person that he/she loves very much?
If girls save your contact as “Life”, what does it mean?
How shall I tell that a girl secretly likes me over text?
What does it mean when your crush always texts you first?
Why do girls flirt with me but don't want to have sex with me?
What are the chances of me getting a mortgage if I have 3 defaults and 1 late payment on my credit file that are 3 years older or more?
Can someone be my half-girlfriend?
If your significant other is fine with you casually flirting with others, what does it imply? Is it out of trust or does it mean something else?
How do know when someone truly loves you?
My friend said that my crush told her that he likes me. Can she be lying?
How can I still be happy even if the guy I really admire busted me because I am not that good looking? I am a discreet bisexual male. No hint at all.
How do I get my (girl) friend back, after I did wrong?
What can a person do so no one likes him anymore?
How did you end your last relationship?
Why would he flirt with other girls in front of me?
Everyone's different but do you think most women become jealous when their partner mentions an old gf or talks to a woman who's just a friend?
I have just ended a 2yr very toxic relationship, we also owned a business together. Why do I feel so sad and hurt so bad when I know it needed to end?
My ex kissed me, called me, told me he misses me, and told me he loves me a month ago. Now he has a new girlfriend. What does this mean?
Why does this guy glancing and staring at me although he knows I've been already taken?
How does a girl see the wedding night before expreriencing it? How about after? What does she actually want?
What is the psychological dynamic behind (mostly) women who express love and commitment on their first date (after a brief infatuation from afar)?
I found out that a gay person of the opposite sex is interested in me (i.e. they're now bi). What are your suggestions if we become a couple?
It has been over 2 months since I ordered from ColourPop. I have no tracking details whatsoever. What should I do?
Up to what sense is it true that when a person is fed up of his/her family they either study too much or they do some wrong business?
How do I tell a friend/roommate I'm in love with him?
What should someone do to totally end an LDR even though they still love each other so much and have had no problems at all since they started to have an LDR?
How do I find a genuine partner?
Do boys share with their friends about the girl who they like?
Why are people living in Amritsar and Chandigarh so good looking? How can one be like them, if he is an average guy and a Delhiite?
I love a girl but her English is far better than mine. What should I do as I feel embarrassed and will she reject me if I confess?
Why have I start thinking I'm lonely after I got friend-zoned?
How much time should I give my Thankeyou host to contact me back?
My girlfriend is 16 years old and a 30 years old man told her that he wants her and all this time we fight and I didnt know the reason. What to do?
How do I ask my ex boyfriend what's really going through his head?
How do you emotionally cope when your ex-narcissist has moved on to more money and a new marriage, and you were left destitute because of him?
How can I seduce a tomboy? I really like this girl but she is not like other girls. You can check the description for her uniqueness.
Why am I always looking for someone better or different?
How often have you cried because of your significant other?
What should I do if I want my ex back? She dumped me and cheated on me in the past. What should I do?
After how many months the "I'm in love with her" phase turns into "I love her"?
Why is it that when someone popular gets the guy/girl, and the other girl/guy doesn't?
How do I decline an invitation by a girlfriend of my brother?
What is the most desperate thing you have ever done to keep a relationship going?
What is the best way to meet a man?
A girl I know talks to walls, is that bad?
How can I convince my mom to stop being too religious as it is damaging her social and family relations?
What should I talk about with her on a dinner or dinner date?
When it comes to dating, is self-confidence overrated?
How can you tell when your lady is seeing someone else?
How does my girlfriend block me? Even if I am on her account, I can only see certain things depending on what I open it with.
Whom should one choose between the love of her life or her family, who have loved her for 27 years?
How do I tell a girl that I am now interested in a relationship?
I broke up with my first love after a year and a month. She’s really happy now and I regret what I’ve done, what should I do?
My tutor always opens the door for me, tells me about his personal life, & seems more like a friend. Do you think he has romantic interest in me?
How do I tell a girl to stop giving signals and I'm not interested in her?
What are the best books on moving on from a relationship that never started?
Why do girls match you on Tinder and, later on, never answer any of your texts? Is it because they are not interested?
What will you do when your superior ignores your feelings because she is busy with computer work?
My girlfriend thinks I should tell her everything that happens in my life whenever they happen. What should I do?
How can I know for sure whether I have high-functioning autism? Mental health pros tell me I very likely do not have it, but I want to confirm that.
Would you walk away from a relationship where the partner has child support arrears?
If I can't get a girlfriend, is it because I'm not trying hard enough?
How can I take a relationship from friend helping friend into love?
My girlfriend loves me but she don't have sexual feelings on me. She cheated on me with her friend. She can't think of me in that way. What can I do?
When can an abused victim get over her ex-narcissist completely after she was discarded (in case of a long term relationship, mostly living together)?
What is a good way to recover from blowing the opportunity to ask a girl out?
Is it wrong if a boy says that he wants to have sex with a classmate publicly?
What does it mean when a guy tells another guy that he’s sexy?
How do I move on if I had no closure? Everytime I try to move on I think of her.
Is moving out but still staying together plausible?
What does it mean when you tell a guy text me or call me later and he never does?
Is telling your date you're bisexual a turn off to them, particularly if they're straight?
Why is it so hard to find a girl on FB who is willing to go out with me?
I found out my boyfriend was cheating on me, and we've decided to stay together. How do I get used to having sex with him again?
How do I realize if I'm in the wrong relationship?
How strong is the desire of a woman around 30-40 to have sex with younger men around 25?
Do girls/women who are attracted to creeps, perverts, etc. exist?
Why did my friend ask me if his girlfriend is attractive?
Why don’t girls understand boys’ true love?
Why does my girlfriend call me pooch?
How can I find my good guy?
During an online game, a 'friend' of mine was mad at me and tried to expose my address in chat. What should I do in regards of him?
Can I marry a girl who is 2 months older than me?
What are the things that impress a girl in a boy?
Do guys thought of marrying their crush (in real life)?
I broke up with my girlfriend a couple days ago, and I miss her. Should I talk to her now?
Is it ever OK to openly tell someone that you are considering dating them just for the sake of experimenting (with relationship styles)?
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and even kissed. Is he interested in me?
Is it wrong for a girl to love a married man?
Is it normal for a 32-year-old man to have been dumped by 28 women?
How do I repair the relationship with my sister after I said some very mean and abusive things out of anger?
What is the benefit of having a girlfriend?
Do some older men (married) fantasize about much younger women?
My husband has admitted that he sometimes feels contempt for me. I feel it. Can this be overcome and can we return to a strong relationship?
Do Leo women come back after breakups?
How do I get over being in love with my best friend for 9 months? When I try to take time away to get over her, she keeps resisting.
What is the best experience about crush that trolls you like hell?
Does he really like me? His friends say he does but he denys it when I ask if it's true.
Who loves first, boys or girls?
What is the best thing to do when he says he thinks it's time to stop seeing each other?
If the pimp gives you the option to choose girls who are totally HIV negative, he genuinely wants your safety. Would you give him repeat business?
There's this guy who likes me and I like him too, but he has a girlfriend though he said things are ending between them. What should I do?
When a man says he'll always have love for you, what does that mean?
What should I do if my girlfriend has left me?
What does the convict ask Pip to bring him?
Does my ex's brother want more than just our friendship if he asked me how I feel about him?
Given the opportunity, would a man worth his salt like to romance an unlimited number of girls or a single girl in his lifetime?
Statistically what are the chances of finding "the one" then having a relationship with that person that lasts?
How do I shock a person with ASPD who believes he has me under control? How can I prove to him that I know what he is without being frank about it?
My boyfriend's ex GF got an abortion while we were dating. Is it ok to be upset?
Can I marry an orphan girl in Delhi?
What would you ask a matchmaker?
Why am I always interested in girls that aren't interested in me?
A friend is having his wedding in the US and he wants me to attend. He is ready to sponsor my visa. What all documents should I ask from him?
Have you ever been hoovered by an ex narcissistic girlfriend?
What is a rejection to you, any kind of rejection, professional or personal?
Is it a good idea to tell your partner that you cheated?
About 15 years ago I woke up and heard the name Lou Corrigan spoken in my mind very distinctly, almost audibly. Why would that happen?
I'm in love with a girl. What's the next step?
How can I forget about a girl I am madly in love with but doesn't feel the same?
Is it normal to have a crush on a girl you met just three days ago?
My son told me today he wants to be a Boy Scout. He is 8. I am an atheist and I value gay rights. What should I do?
What should you do if the girl you asked out thinks you are going out as friends?
What does it mean when my crush is lusting me?
If you lived as a female acrobat would you have been successful at making good first impressions and why?
I saw a girl 4 times at a theme park but I didn't talk to her. I can't forget her, I think about her all the time. What should I do?
Do you feel everyone cheats in relationships? If so, why?
How do you cope with an ex contacting your mother?
Why would a man say you’re in his heart but wants to go out and flirt with other girls?
My friend frequently tries to find new romances with new boys. He always acts like the next person can be someone special but soon ditches them. Why?
Is a man genuinely interested in a woman if he says he crazily loves her but tacitly avoids meeting in real life and brings up excuses on this pretext?
Should I believe her when she says "It's not you, it's me"?
Do fangirls of creepypasta love them in a relationship way?
What is the best method you tried in order to get over a breakup?
What should you do if you fall in love with your best friend's crush and you know that he loves you back but he doesn't confess it? He doesn't love her.
I think my best friend may have a crush on me but I don't feel the same. What do I do?
Are girls more likely to be interested in a guy who's never had a girlfriend before?
Which places could be really nice to meet your date for the first?
What’s wrong with me? Do I have anxiety? (I’m a 17-year-old guy.)
What does it mean when a guy doesn't change in front of you?
Why would you not talk to someone who you know really likes you and who is a kind person inside?
If I approach and talk to a girl and she seems uncomfortable around me, is it my fault or is she just shy?
How can I make my husband to love me back after he caught me cheating on him?
One of my best friends pretends that she can't remember my important details. What does she want me to understand?
Is it normal for a boy to have curves like a girl?
How should I treat my ex-girlfriend after breaking up?
When should I give up on my girlfriend?
Why do interviewers always say that they will give me an answer before a specific date, but most of the time I never hear from them again?
My boyfriend has a really bad home environment. He is lovely at times, but would scream at me everytime I did something wrong. What should I do?
Would a guy mind dating a girl smarter than him?
How do you move on and get over someone who you like, but shows no interest in you?
Should me and this girl text a lot before I ask her out?
Why would he fight so hard for us and beg for me back, professing he's never been more sure of anything, and then leave me?
Would you ever consider visiting a guy you met online and is from out of state?
Can you offer me some advice on asking a girl out on a date?
Should I stop begging my boyfriend to marry me and find somebody else?
I'm 14 and why don't I find girls as attractive as I used to?
Can I ask out a girl who my friend asked out, not knowing I liked her? She told him she would think about it, but she acts uninterested. She hints for me to ask her out.
For the second time in my life, I have fallen in love with the wrong person. What should I do?
When the female narcissist is cheating, how does she feel?
I just dumped my man because I'm not sure if he still has feelings for his kids mother. Did I overreact?
Should I tell my best female friend that I love her before she moves to Bangalore for high school?
Is it wrong for a girl to propose to a guy she likes?
How could I date Chloe Moretz as a poor dude?
How long should I wait to see if my parents ever come around and accept my choice about my partner?
Can a pair who betray their spouses and leave them to be together sustain their relationship for long & how can they trust knowing they both cheated?
What should I do if I still like a guy who is 39 years old and I am 29 years old? Is there a future for us, in the sense that can I marry him as he is my ex?
Is it normal for a 32 year old man to have been dumped by 28 women?
How do you deal with a son that you did a lot of things together for several years and then he gets a girlfriend and has nothing to do with you now?
Why do I dream of my first incomplete love after a regular interval even if I never think about her and had moved on?
Do most women see me as a loser because I have no dating or relationship experience?
Would it be possible for me to find a future girlfriend that would love to financially support me via Internet dating/online dating?
Should women pay the entire bill at the first date?
How is it possible to meet some one 11 years ago and still think about them with out contact?
There's girl whom I like she daily comes to the park but the problem is she comes with a lady, how should I approach her?
What did Chandler mean when he said, "I think it just fell off" to Janice?
A girl who has never gone out with a guy before wants to be friends with me. What do guys think of this?
If a man is grabbing you by the hips and shaking them while he stands over you, is he possibly "steadying you" if you aren't hysterical, just silent?
Can one marry another woman if they have the consent of their first wife?
How do I get my man back?
Why are there more breakups nowadays?
I'm pretty sure I'm straight but I feel more comfortable with pleasuring girls than boys. Am I bisexual?
Has anyone never gotten over an ex years after the break up?
What are the perks of marrying a village girl?
Why did my crush giggle at me when he saw I was the one taking a picture for him and my friend?
Should I make her my ex or make her my friend?
During my childhood, I had a lack of love, and now I am 21 and struggling to trust others and show affection. What can I do?
Why do guys fail to reply on marriage portals when messaged?
Over which topics should a couple in a relationship talk about?
Is it ethical for someone to take something back after some time if you were told to keep it for free?
Should I still be around my boyfriend if he's beginning to act weird?
What does it mean when you kiss a girl and later she tells you that she was expecting to feel something but she didn't feel anything?
Why are girls so serious?
What is the best way to catch your boyfriend on online dating?
I’m a 26-year-old introverted woman. How do I make a guy like me?
What qualities are considered by modern Indonesian men when it comes to marriage?
What do I do when a guy I met online today keeps saying he loves me?
How can you tell if an autistic guy likes you?
How is it like to marry a Moroccan lady?
Why can't I marry a guy whose parents aren't ready?
Is it possible that my boyfriend has chances of death because I'm mangy?
My son was put on juvenile probation, now his father wants him to come live with me in another state, how can I get him transferred here with me?
As an Indian child, how did/will you react to the fact that your parents don't love each other and are dating other people while still married?
My girlfriend and I were making out. I was kissing close to her cleavage, but when my hand went near her boobs she told me “not boobs”? What might be the reason?
As an INFJ woman, how can I stand the fact that my ENTP boyfriend thinks he always wins any discussion even though my arguments are more logical?
How come guys promise some things, but never mean it? It hurts, you know?
How can I get back my best friend if she isn't talking to me because she is in love with my boyfriend?
Would ladies rather date a doctor or a Google engineer?
Have you ever been in a relationship which was supposed to be perfect but after a point you felt helpless and unsure?
In a relationship, should the guy or the girl call more often?
What do you do when a girl leads you on and you can't get over her?
What do you think of the Kerala sage who raped a girl for 8 years who castrated him? Do you think what she did was right?
Is it worth having sex with a 25 year old man as a 40 something year old woman? What do you think the drawbacks could be?
Is it normal when I say I love my GF but I like some other girl's qualities more than my GF’s?
What am I suppose to do after she broke up with me?
Why does she call me her “gay best friend” even if I'm straight?
What are the signs a guy is interested in dating me?
What's it like to live in Darwin, Australia, for a single, 30-year-old guy?
Is a Leo girl good for an Aquarian boy?
What shall I do if my bestfriend, a girl, likes my crush and she knows I like him too?
How do you make a girl fall for you in a long distance?
My son is worried about WW3. What should I tell him?
How do I deal with guys who act good but are bad in the inside?
What would you do if a girl threatens to kill herself unless you marry her?
There's a guy who has a crush on me but he flirts with another girl just to get my attention. What should I do?
Can I find a man who appreciates me? (I'm a woman)
Why do tights feel so good on me? I am a guy.
How can I spoil the marriage of my boyfriend with another lady?
How do I tell a beautiful perfectionist girl, that she is great?
Why do love and feelings fade away in a relationship that one thought would never end?
When speaking Japanese, don't you feel weird using the word kanojo (she or girlfriend)?
Why does he act like he likes me but ignores me?
Does a girl like it when a guy shakes their hand when greeting them? Is it attractive to be outgoing in this sense?
Date told me "you are too skinnny" on our second date. Why did he decide to date me in the first place if he doesn't like my body type?
Having a really difficult time getting over a married girl that I was in a relationship with. How can I get over her?
What does it mean when a guy tells you that your voice is beautiful? This was after I said that he had a great voice.
Honestly, I'm at a loss. I don't know what to do this summer. I just wanna get out of the house. What are your suggestions?
Does Trump think that he can rule like an old king did, and have only his blood relatives around him? Isn’t this undemocratic?
What are some traits older women find attractive about a younger man?
What happens if a man refuses to leave women alone after he is rejected by them?
I was having sex with my girlfriend and my ex randomly popped into my head. I feel really guilty. Is this normal? Should I tell her?
Why is it very difficult to find a good wowan?
I’m married to a narcissist and was advised to do the grey rock thing, but it's killing me. When should I do this, and when should I not?
Would you date a guy with a vasectomy? Why or why not? Does it change the game knowing you're dating with no notion of the possibility of kids.
He is not over his ex and want to stay friends with me? What should I do?
What do you say to a lady when you're a half an hour late on your first date?
I am seeing a shy guy. After our date we haven't had a normal phone call or a continuous text conversation as before. Is he giving me space?
How do you recover from a long-term relationship? He dumped me. I'm really upset and lost.
How do I get over the fear of never being romantically loved?
Why is it a girl suddenly becomes interested in a guy that has lost interest in her?
How can I get some dignity and respect for myself by not going after somebody who doesn't want to be with me?
Can I message a guy that's ignoring me?
Why is a dowry regarded as a curse whereas girls looking for rich guys is normal and not a crime?
How do you deal with someone you've wronged twenty years ago but still hates you?
Why does she stare at me, as if she likes me, but when I text her she talks like a stranger?
How is the life of a lady military officer in India? Do lady officers even consider civilian guys for dating?
Why did I get so much joy out of seeing my crush working two cash registers down from me yesterday afternoon?
Which is the worst scenario, a boy staring at a girl he knows, from afar with a blank expression or a boy talking and flirting with a girl he knows?
One time, I read a very detailed sex scene on the Internet, and somehow, it made me feel like crying. Can you tell me why that might be?
We are just 14 years old. What are the best tips for me to have a long and happy relationship with my girl best friend?
What do I do if I'm too insecure to let someone who's interested in me get to know me?
I confessed my feelings to my friend (both 21) but he likes me as a friend. Yet he has been talking and acting normally like nothing happened. Why?
Should I tell a guy that I'm in love with him even though I have been ignoring him for a few days because he mocked me in front of our friends?
How can I get my boyfriend’s phone records or read his texts?
My crush is into my best friend. What should I do?
Can I tell my boyfriend who he can and can't talk to?
How do I convince my girlfriend that I am not bothered by her health issues?
What does it mean when a girl who friendzoned you suddenly becomes interested in you?
Is it true that men are sexually attracted to most of their female friends?
If a woman agrees to have sex with a man only if he wears a condom and he removes it without her knowing and against her will, does this become rape?
I'm in a relationship, but I'm starting to like another boy. What do I do?
Is it ok to text a girl you had falling out with?
How do I get back a girl for a chat online, who used to encourage my flirtatious remarks and now not responding to even regular messages?
Do you consider yourself a romantic guy?
What should I do if a girl flirts with me?
A girl wants to fistfight me. What do I do if I am a boy?
Should I stay married to a guy who has a really bad drinking problem, and doesn't want to get help for it?
Why do girls always succeed in gaining their love but boys don't succeed?
Why do most Indian girls look for well-settled boys, even though these girls are not well-settled themselves?
What is the best way to break up with my boyfriend of 6 months?
My son just got engaged to a lovely girl, but her mother is terrible. What do I do?
A 4-year-old innocently told me that I'm going to die, out of nowhere. Should I be alarmed? She said she'd be sad, and people go to heaven after they die.
Without spoiling anything, do you figure out who the gossip girl is?
Should I marry an underaged girl?
Do you think you make a great partner for a relationship?
How do get close to a guy you like, even if they probably don't like you as anything more than a friend?
How do you make your crush laugh without talking to her?
How do you keep the spice in a relationship without taking it too far/fast?
What is love like from a guy's perspective?
Should I tell a potential partner that I'm greysexual?
What does it mean when someone says “either this guy has no game or is simply not interested”? What does it mean, “he has no game”?
When is the right time to ask someone if he/she wants to be in a relationship without getting rejected?
What do you do when people think you and the guy you like are dating because you hangout all the time?
Why did my crush leave me on read when I sent him a text, even though he stares at me and tries to get close to me?
How do you break up with someone without hurting them?
Are my standards considered high even though I have never dated before?
How would you respond if a girl asked you what the meaning of life is to you on your first date with her?
How do I ask my girlfriend for physical relations?
How can I find out if my fiance is engaging in live sex videos when he hides everything?
What are some subtle ways I can know if a girl is interested?
How can you get to know the feelings of a girl for you, whether she loves you as only a friend or as someone special? How should you approach her?
Would Baywatch be a good first date movie? My date likes comedies, and I’m planning dinner and a movie.
Do guys like it when a girl wears their hoodie?
She broke up with me. How do I use my sorrow into something useful, rather than thinking about those days?
What can an Indian daughter do if her parents are not ready to give money for her higher education because they want to marry her off?
How would a narcissist respond to being confronted by a "supplier's" partner?
Where can I find more information about a rare heart condition called "Brugada Syndrome"? I found out I have it after my mum was diagnosed two years ago.
Is it illegal for a boy between the ages of 13 and 16 to allow a girl the same age to touch his genitals in the state of Connecticut?
What's the risk of asking somebody out who's in a relationship, other than them rejecting you?
My daughter broke up with her first boyfriend. She's heartbroken, I don't know what to do. Is there anything I can do?
What would be the feeling of a 30 year old Indian (male or female) never having a relationship or any other sexual activities otherwise?
How do I impress girls sexually?
How do impress my ex-girlfriend?
What does it mean when a guy says that you have the sweet look and a killer smile?
How can I forget someone who touched and kissed me for the first time in my life?
What would make you marry a woman who does not want kids?
What can me and my lesbian girlfriend do for my 39th birthday?
So now I've been loving a girl in our school, but I am too scared to tell her my feelings as it might ruin our friendship. What shall I do?
My advisor told me I am fired. Should I continue working with him?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked me how I was doing?
How do men meet women?
What should a 25-year-old girl do if she doesn't know what she wants to do in life?
Is it unusual that I at 18 only "hook up" with women that are, say, 30-45 years old?
How can she think it’s OK to send her child to gay conversion camp?
A girl continuously messages me in WhatsApp. How can I know whether the girl is interested in me?
Is it wrong to date someone you don't love for the sake of having knowledge and experience?
Have you ever had feelings for someone who was in a relationship? How did that go?
I'm starting to date somebody. Should I delete my online dating accounts?
What could be some things wrong with a woman who stays with a man who cheats on her to get out of the relationship?
Do girls love it when boys go down on them?
This girl says stuff to me like "you should take me skating" and "Friday is the best night to go out". Are these signs that she wants me to ask her out?
My boyfriend wants to get married and I don't. How do I explain to him that not being married doesn't mean I don't want to commit?
My boyfriend told me that he feels lonely because I don't understand him. What can I do to "understand" him and help him to get rid of his loneliness?
What should I do if I am not in love with someone who is madly in love with me? We dated and it did not go too well.
How do I know if a guy likes me through texting?
How can I know if a player is serious about me, knowing that he hinted for marriage and wife material (take into consideration that he is 22)?
Recently I had a breakup, so can I make out with my best friend?
My boyfriend slept with someone else more than once, should I stay with him?
What a girl can do if boyfriend's parents searching bride for him but he is not telling his parents about his 10 years relationship with you?
Is playing a trick necessary in a relationship?
What qualities do women look for dating?
How do you deal with rejection from someone after telling them you are transgender?
When you finally find a girl that likes you, do you not care about all the other girls that rejected you?
How do I tell if my boyfriend has hidden apps on his phone?
Would dating be easier if women took resumes, and posted descriptions describing the relationship, qualifications, etc.?
What is the weirdest thing a girl can say to a boy?
Are women more serious and need company badly if they are on dating apps?
Can you love someone from your childhood?
How can I be at peace with my great relationship coming to an end?
Is FWB a way that people date nowadays?
It's been 3 years since my boyfriend and I broke up, but now I miss him and I want to talk to him. He is already dating someone. What should I do?
What does it mean when a girl I met on Tinder tells me she is not ready for a relationship and dating?
Do indian girls like to date a car guy?
How do I refuse his proposal without hurting him?
Is it fair to break up with my girlfriend because her school has started and she won't give me as much time as she used to give me before?
How do I forget my girl friend, who is ignoring me and who is working in the same office?
I had dream that while I was kissing a girl I stabbed her in the back. Why?
What should I do if a girl is playing wih my feelings?
How far or to what extent should you be optimistic in a relationship? Where should you stop?
Why do some people enter into an open relationship?
Why does my FWB get jealous when I casually talk about other guys?
I am chatting with an American guy I met through reddit text strangers community. Is it a good idea?
Me and my boyfriend fight because of immaturity. How can I be mature enough for our relationship?
Are there fake girl profiles on the dating app Tinder or are there some genuine girl profiles who want to hook up and date a guy?
How do I call off a relationship when other person loves you very much and you don't want to hurt them but at same time you can't stay with them?
How can I tell a girl I'm stalking that I stalk her because I don't have the guts to talk to her?
Does it mean your crush likes you if he always texts you first?
What do guys do or talk about during nights out at a friend's place?
Well I am 18 and my girl 17 can I take her to the room which I'll book as she's a minor?
Why am I attracted to men older than 50 if I am an adult male?
What happens after being rejected by a girl?
Who or what exactly is an "Indian" girlfriend?
If your parents ask you to leave your girlfriend, what will you do?
Would you stay with a person that loves you more than your family does and that you can absolutely trust, even if you don't love him anymore?
If a girl only Snapchats me a picture of her but never puts it in her story, does it mean she likes me?
Why will a man blame his partner about an incident that is not at all true, after making a trust-related mistake?
If a guy likes a girl, what is the likelihood of him liking her again?
There's a boy in my class that I like. I always turn and stare at him and ask my friends if they see him stare back but he doesn’t. Could he like me?
How should a girl be treated?
My fictional character has been kidnapped. He finds a cellphone. How can he use it to let someone else know where he is?
What happens if you or someone is gay at 12 years or younger?
If a girl is stupid enough to love a boy, even if the boy breaks her heart, what should the boy do?
Why are girls so controlling in a relationship?
Would you date someone you came across on Quora?
How do I approach a boy I am interested in?
Can a woman stay in a relationship with a man doing 15 years in prison?
There is a girl whom I like. She comes to the park daily, but the problem is she comes with a lady, what should I do? How do I approach her?
I love this girl so much that I can not imagine my life without her. However, I don't feel any sexual desire or attraction for her. Is this possible?
Ok, so my ex boyfriend is dating someone when he still has feelings for me and I still have feelings for him. What do I do?
How can anyone know for sure if they are in love?
What do I do if I like my friend’s new girlfriend and I am willing to lose that friend for her?
How do I tell a person that I am not interested in chatting without hurting their feelings?
As a man, how does it feel to be rejected by a woman who you opened your heart to?
Has your ex-girlfriend tried to have sex with you?
How do you, as an Indian woman, feel when some random guy approaches you? Are there any personal examples with the woman’s reaction to the situation that can be shared?
Will I be able to get married to the girl I love because her Kundli says that she will marry a boy younger than her but I am 1 year older than her?
I got two girls pregnant and need to marry one. Debra's father is a cop while Jane's is a lawyer. How would you choose?
Should I start a friends with benefits relationship?
Are girls more likely to hang out with a guy who's interested if he just says it's hanging out instead of saying it's a date?
Is it possible to love someone forever who doesn't love you?
Why did a guy whistle a random tune when he saw me? (He did it only 3 times.)
My GF is too short and I feel conscious going out with her. I feel shallow asking this but is it right to leave her for this reason?
What should I do if I like a girl so much, but I can't tell her?
What do I do when a guy I like, but have never met is moving away? We are in the same profession.
At a school dance last Friday night, some boys were slapping my behind. My boyfriend didn't care. What does this say about him?
Why do I feel like I don’t want a girlfriend? (I’m 22.)
After a month of dating, we became exclusive. I've changed my mind. I told him that I want us to become friends with benefits. Is that right?
Why do Taiwanese girls always say they don't have time when I ask them out?
What are the signs that show a girl cares about you as more than a friend?
I'm a 14 year old girl and I occasionally masturbate. Is this ok?
This girl I've been talking to suddenly asked me out, what should I do?
If Uche Onegeria loves being alone so much, does she plan to ever get married?
Is it mean never to pick up when my mother-in-law calls on the landline, or to ask to speak to her?
Is she interested in me or does she just think of me as a friend?
What is it like to date an Asansol Patrician?
Can an Indian guy and girl hug each other if they are happy even though they are just friends?
How do you tell a guy you are in love without pushing him away?
How do I get more and how do I get girls to look at me and be interested in me?
There is a boy who is 15 years old, and he is very serious about his relationship. Will his relationship be eternal?
What is the best way to find out if my girlfriend is still messaging or communicating with her ex if she doesn't have a phone?
What is the percentage of a 55-year-old man lasting in a serious relationship with a 33-year-old woman?
How can I meet an intelligent sincere IITian guy?
My boyfriend is a trainee, and will be debut soon. We need to break up, but I just can't let him go. What should I do?
What do I do if my crush's mom hates me?
How could I get over my ex?
How can I get over the feeling that there's no one else that's compatible with me?
What does it mean when a guy says “make me want you more” during intimate moments?
Could a dog, food, and a degree be what gets a girl back in a relationship after she broke up with you?
What is the best site to meet a single guy?
How do I find a girlfriend when I am too busy with my career?
Can I get an ARV even if I just want it only?
Why was Allah so cruel to 6-year-old Ayesha and make her a bride to a 52-year-old man?
What are my chances of pursuing someone who is gay but is not that interested in me?
Should I worry that my boyfriend shows a lot of attention to another woman and at times is so focused on her that he ignores me?
A girl I am with won't let go of the thought that I am "too good" for her, and she constantly tries to convince me of it. What do I do?
If a girl, who cheated me earlier, has been cheated on, should I accept her in my life again if she has come back for emotional support?
How can I control my boyfriend without him knowing?
How do I tell my girlfriend that I like fat girls?
What should I do to figure out if he'll take a chance with me?
Should I date a nice girl who I get along really well but lost her virginity at age 15 with the guy I dislike?
Why is it that I have such a huge liking for Turkish guys and the boys in my country are butter-faces? (I'm only 13 years old.)
What should I do if the girl I love is suddenly avoiding me?
How can I deal with my abusive boyfriend who pretends that he is a perfect boyfriend and asks me to change?
Although I love her, I feel like I've begun to lose feelings for my girlfriend. What advice do you have for me in this situation?
A married man flirts, winks, and calls me ‘dear’ and ‘sweetheart’. What's going on here?
I am in a relationship with one person already but at the same time I have feelings for my friend. I don't understand. Why is it happening?
Is there someone who got married in arranged marriage but she doesn't like her husband at all but his family is really very good and perfect?
Do I have the right to tell a dean about my ex-girlfriend being technically sexually assaulted? Is that what a real friend would do? She said not to.
I am always confused about what to wear where? I am 25 yrs old married Indian women. I am generally comfortable in western outfit but never confident
I'm going to see my father for the first time, what should I say to him?
What is your viewpoint regarding this phrase - You should forgive your friend and accept her apology: "This is what our culture teaches us?
How many dates should you go on before being exclusive?
A guy asked me if I chew gum, and when I asked him, 'Why? ' he said he needed information? What is that about?
Should I go to the city with a folded table/chairs and a poster that says "dating advice only 1$", to make my living?
Are me and my girlfriend delaying the inevitable by not talking about things?
I am 55 years old and have never met my "soul mate". Should I give up hope?
How easy is it to prosecute statutory rape?
Do Arab guys like Mexican girls?
Does Mdm Kim have any moral consciousness of her marital status when she is alone by herself?
How can I start a conversation with a lady I admire? I feel so shy to talk to her.
Someone I loved once gave me a box full of darkness. It took me years to understand that this too was a gift. What does that mean?
Do you think I might be thinking too much into how MS might be taken by men I have romantic interests in? I've been in a chair for a decade now.
Did Remus Lupin have a girlfriend ever in his life before Tonks? Or was she his first?
How do you deal with your girlfriend who is very dominating?
What does it mean when my ex still talks to me about getting physically intimate? I discourage him but he laughs it off saying he is just having fun
How do I break up with the man that I have loved for over 23 years and still deeply love?
Should it be a red flag if he lies and says he "fell asleep" when texting me?
What should I do if I want my ex back even though he doesn't want me?
How does a girl want a boy to approach her?
I have noticed that my best friend is confused about his sexuality, but he will not recognize it. How can I encourage him to be honest with himself?
What do you do when your lover tells you getting away from him was too easy?
Should I hang out with someone just because they're lonely?
Ending a conversation which I am talking to someone I liked is hard for me. I'm waiting her to end the conversation. What is the reason behind it?
Why do I always feel that my lover sees another man if she is not with me?
Why do I like girls ballet and I am a guy?
It's been three years since my rape. Why do I still think of it all day every day? When will I feel better?
Why does an ex text me after our breakup, but, when I call him to clarify things, doesn't pick up my calls?
Have you criticized your close friend to others behind her back?
Are girls the ones to whom we should teach dos and don'ts?
Is it illegal to hit a girl?
How can I get taller? My parents are not that short and I'm 16. All my friends are younger than me and they are like Hulk next to me.
I fell in love with a divorced man. He is shy and introverted. He denied my proposal. What should I do now?
In what ways can you confess to someone?
I love a man, he says he doesn't love me back, but he do so many things for me. What do I do?
Does someone's past matter in a relationship?
Why are FWB relationships so complicated?
I'm in relationship with a girl who doesn't seem to be quite into me. Frustrated & stressed by it, I'm unable to focus on anything else. What do I do?
How do I let my enemies know that I know their feelings towards me?
There's this girl, and when we became friends she said, "I like you as a mate and nothing more," but I never asked her out. Should I give up on her or not?
There is this girl on social media whom I really like, but I have never really talked to her either online or IRL. How do I approach her?
I gave a girl a note explaining how I felt about her, and we have texted for a while, but she stopped texting me. Should I confront her about this?
How do I resolve this relationship mess? Moreover, how should I face myself? I agree I made mistakes, so how do I overcome this dark phase?
What should I do if my crush had a boyfriend?
How do I break up with someone who is extremely clingy and needy? We've been dating a few weeks and I have spoken to him about it already, to no avail.
I chose to shut all contact with my ex who dumped me, should I be the one to call her again?
Can I have a relationship with a guy who doesn't wanna marry?
A girl whom I like has been a good friend of mine and I have always helped her a lot. She has a boyfriend. How can I forget her completely?
If she left me, will she come back?
What do Indonesian men look for in a woman when it comes to dating?
How can I stop bragging to my friends about the girls I date? I know it's because of my need to be accepted, but I would like to change. What can I do?
My boyfriend dumped me a few months ago. I was feeling better, then my father passed away unexpectedly about six weeks ago. I'm a mess. What do I do?
So for the last day of school I went up to the girl I liked and told her that I thought she was cute. Should I have said something else too?
Is it a good idea to still have sex with an ex-narc after he discarded you?
Can cold and warmhearted people have a good relationship, as the saying goes, opposites attracts?
My best friend lost her mother and then her father in a span of 4 years. She has now turned cold, she never talks about it. How do I help her?
I feel the urge to make noise when I make love. Would this be OK with her?
If a girl likes you, how will she try and make you jealous?
What is some advice for a teen who’s trying to take a real relationship all the way to marriage and beyond?
How do I tell my boyfriend that he's out of shape?
Why does a person get depressed by sad events and why does he remember it again and again? Why can’t he forget in spite of trying to forget it?
How do you tell your boyfriend he needs to change?
How the hell can you be just friends with a girl you love with whom you were once in a romantic relationship?
How can I love a girl who is older than me?
During my relationship with my ex, I got in between his relationship with his sisters. Should I apologize to them?
Why am I always pushed around?
Haven't spent anytime with my boyfriend cause he's at his mums, but why isn't he coming home to spend time with me (haven't seen him in a week or so)?
Does physical attachment with loved ones cause distance in a relationship?
What does it mean when I dream about being rejected by a girl I like for my friend?
How can I know that my best friend loves me when he even doesn't have the time to message or call me and forgets about meetings?
Why did he talk badly about all his online dates?
What does it mean when a friend's boyfriend hugs me from behind when she's not around?
What should I do to make someone who can’t forget her past love or relation, like me?
If you are a shy guy and you got a huge crush on this girl, what can you do to like her and get less timid around her?
If you see that your husband has put a lock code on his text messages & Chrome, what do you think? I think he's hiding something.
What does it mean when a guy texts “have a nice day” after a day of silence?
How do I tell a girl that I like fat girls?
Did I overreact when my boyfriend blew me off at the last minute? He does it often. I had an outburst, and I yelled at him for being irresponsible.
I am 16 years old and I am nearly certain that I am a transgender female. But, my girlfriend is not comfortable with the way I feel. What should I do?
Why do girls reject guys who they know are genuinely into them & would give them their whole world (and then hook up with jerks)?
How do you handle a dumb girlfriend, if you're a geek?
How can I follow a girl on Instagram if she is not accepting my request to follow? I’ve loved her for the last 3 years and she still doesn’t know me :(
Is it me or is Selina's meanness amped up in Veep season 6? I found her quite endearing previously but now she seems too obnoxious and unlikable.
You love someone but also you're afraid to lose them so you avoid commitments, relationships, etc. with them. What advice do you have for this?
I broke up with a narcissist last year. Why do I feel so compelled to read so much literature on the condition?
He saw my private parts and now we talk less. Is he done with me?
How do I get rid of my psycho girlfriend, who is mentally harassing me?
What does it mean if your loving, caring, devoted spouse tells you he has never been "in love" with you or anyone?
Am I cheating on my husband if it's with a girl?
What I can do when my wife misses me too much?
I am 17 years old and my girlfriend of nine months just broke up with me shockingly and unexpectedly. What do I do now?
If you fancied a girl, then she went a bit mental and called you loads of times and tried to kill herself, would you never talk to her again?
Yesterday, I came to know that my boyfriend has been cheating on me for two months. What should I do?
My ex-boyfriend of 8 years dumped me because of quarter life crisis. Should I move on?
My best friend just told me she likes the guy I've liked for a year. What do I do? I'm so hurt.
How do I keep myself on her mind?
What is the best way to sign off romantic?
I asked a guy I like if he wanted to hang out sometime, and he just shrug his shoulders. What does that mean? (I had never talked to him before)
My friend was close with her grandfather, who died a few weeks ago. She's having trouble coping; what can I say to make her feel better?
Is it ok to leave a girl who doesn't love you back and calls you only when she needs something from you? Otherwise, she refuses to meet you even once.
How does it feel to know that you are the crush of a very beautiful girl in your school, college or neighborhood?
A girl I'm living with made up a bunch of lies about me and spread them. I have nowhere else to go, but I can't deal with her lies. What do I do?
What is the simplest way to know that a girl loves me and get a permanent girlfriend?
How can I get my boyfriend to trust I won't judge him if he opens up to me about his past?
How do I know if she is proud of me by her artitude?
How can I tell if the guy I dated is interested in me romantically?
How do I ask out a girl at the gym?
When should a girl ask to define the relationship to avoid being strung along?
Have you tried to love someone who treats you as just a 'mere' friend?
How can I impress my crush to win her over?
My close friend and crush asked me to wait and see if she also feels the same way. What should I do?
Can an Indian girl hug a guy even though they are just friends?
What should I do when I love someone but he doesn't know about it, and I am too shy to tell him?
How can I grow some balls and talk to a girl I like?
What beautiful lines do you tell your girlfriend who treats you as her best friend?
What’s the meaning of a guy’s smiles and head shake?
How should I confess to a girl, if at all?
Whom should I trust and with whom can I spend my remaining life?
What does it mean when a guy is always staring at you (he is my coworker and I can feel him staring)?
If a girl knows you like her, but thinks you're mad at her, how do you know if she cares?
How can I really connect with Emma Stone? I really want to message her, but she doesn’t have an account on social media.
My girlfriend's birthday is next week. Now I'm broke. What token gift can I buy her that she will like?
If a guy says, "I don't care," but it sometimes feels like he is caring, how can we get to know his feelings?
If a girl you really liked seemed very interested in you at first but then gave you the cold shoulder for no apparent reason, would you keep trying?
How should I talk to guy that I never really spoke to? What do I say without making him lose interest?
Why did my ex like my picture from a year ago on Instagram?
What’s the easiest way to ask a girl out?
I've been single for 8 months, why can't I find love?
He kissed me on my lips and afterwards he kissed me on my neck, and we are not even a couple. Do you think I should ask him about our status?
How would you feel if your friends & family knew that your boyfriend/girlfriend has been unfaithful since the beginning of your relationship?
How do I make a guy actually interested in me instead of sexually interested in me?
Why do I keep getting friend zoned?
What is the difference between “I like you” and “I love you”?
How do I choose between a crush and my bf, who broke my heart a lot of times?
Can a person with social interaction difficulties enter an intimate/close relationship? And if so, how?
My friend's gf is cheating on him with my other friend. What should I do?
How do I go about asking my ex boyfriend what is holding him back?
What should I do when my spouse's daily habits trouble me a lot and even after telling him he does not take care?
How can you tell that a women is interested in you and wants you to make the first move?
How do I convince my girlfriend's family that I'm the best guy to marry her, given that she belongs to a Muslim family and I’m Hindu?
Why do girls talk about a guy after rejected them?
Are polyamorous relationships healthier?
Can two dominate personalities and two submissive personalities be in a relationship?
How can I build up my ability to speak up in my relationship?
What should I answer when my boyfriend asks, "What can I do for him"?
What do boys who are into big/curvy girls like about them?
How do I stop loving a man that I want, and love and share children with? I don't know how to let go.
My friend was talking to my crush and my crush said he would never date me. So should I just give up?
Is it too creepy that I graphologically analyzed my crush's handwriting, drew her twice, and personality-analyzed her, with her knowing?
How do I ask a girl for her number if I don't know her that well? I got a limited amount of time to ask her before I can't see her for awhile.
Why was I rejected by 4 girls at a speed dating event?
What does a guy think if girls asks for their number?
Is there anything wrong with live-in relationships?
How can I make someone realize that they love someone badly?
What is the best way get my buddy and his wife to have a threesome?
How do you romance a guy?
Should I go out and find my future wife? Or should I let life just happen?
Why does she say I love you then ignores me?
How should I react to finding out that my girlfriend has cheated on me with my best friend?
Are 1 on 1 hangouts with the opposite sex considered "dates?"
Is it breaking girl code if you like your friend’s crush?
Six years of a relationship, who moves on first?
What are the ways to make a lady like you?
She has a boyfriend, but I'm in love with her. I keep my distance because it’s hard for me. Should back off from our friendship, even if it upsets her?
I'm 18 and in a same sex, long distance relationship. What should I be worried about if anything?
How can I make him realize that I trust​ him? By letting​ him take our​ private​ pictures​?
A girl I know intiated texting twice, and always asking about school, does that mean she is interested?
What should I do if I am a non-Christian and I really like this girl who is a Christian? She says that she would only date Christians.
How do I save a teenage girl who is in a "not-real love" relationship but doesn't realize it?
A guy I work with pursued me after my divorce. There are obvious signs of attraction going both ways. I want to tell him how I feel. Should I?
How does my girlfriend block me from seeing her posts and messages even if I am on her account?
Why a fwb would act jealous when I talk innocently about other guys?
What should I do if a girl tries to not love me but when I text her daily, we have had long conversations?
What should I do for my girlfriend to forgive me after breaking up with her?
What do you call a girl that is only around to benefit off you or others and she think’s its okay?
Can I trust my boyfriend after he told me he slept with his best friend?
Can a girl date and marry a guy who has had multiple relationships, but those relationships never worked?
Can someone with BPD avoid relationships and not be codependent?
Should I tell this girl I like her for a second time?
Did I make a mistake when I broke up with my boyfriend?
Would you date a woman who never had a boyfriend?
Does relationship with physical contact last long?
In what way should I talk to a girl who thinks I am ignoring her?
Why do some guys behave like girls do in a relationship?
Why is he telling how long it's been since he's had sex?
What should I do if I found my sister secretly sending nudes to a guy who may or may not be her boyfriend?
What does it mean when you kiss a girl and later she tells you that she didn't feel anything?
How do I move on from the guy I was exclusively dating?
Why a guy hide his face with his hand while sitting?
I am not able to meet one particularly guy in person, help needed (See comment)?
What exactly goes on in a girl's mind when she is on her period? Also what steps should a boyfriend/husband take to keep her happy?
If the girl you were dating had fooled around with one of your acquaintances or friends in the past, would this be a problem for you?
Why does my LD truck driving boyfriend go embarrassed when his mate saw me and commented on me being pretty? I would think he was proud of me?
My boyfriend is completely immature when he's with friends or other people but around me he's mature. Why does he act so different?
I really like this girl but she rejected me because she doesn't want to date. We are pretty close and still talk. When should I confess again?
What is a date like?
What would be the feeling of a 30-year-old Indian (male or female, both cases) never having had any relationship or sexual activities otherwise?
Do girls fall in love with a guy who is bald at the age of 22?
Why are Indian men slow at dating? Are they shy?
What would you think of a guy who left his girlfriend because of her horrific past? She was sexually harassed. She trusted him, but he left.
Is two dates too early for intimacy?
Why is the person that birthed me still seeing the man that abused me as a child?
How can I meet japanese women?
Should I warn girls about a guy who has very bad character?
Is there any dating website which helps meeting short girls?
A guy friend asked me to the graduation dance, but I don't like him that way. I also don't want to hurt his feelings, so should I just go with him?
Should I turn off my feelings about a girl, or should I tell her I like her?
Is it possible for a woman to love a man more than him loving her?
This girl I've known for 3 years calls me and texts me every day, but I almost never initiate contact. Am I on the back burner?
How can I stop my urge for sex when I see any beautiful or sexy girl passing by me in my aquantaince or friend circle? My dream is to become an IAS.
Why didn’t my parents have the talk with me?
What does it mean when my girlfriend says that I need to step up?
How do I tell my boyfriend I’ve been fired many times?
My girlfriend said she saw a guy and had a crush on him yesterday. What should I do?
What do you think is the difference between love (love we make) and sex?
Why is it that, when I get close to a girl, I push them away?
How does one know if the person you are interested in likes you back?
What's the easiest way to get over a girl you like/love?
A long distance friend, (who is like a brother) and I have feelings for each other. But he is in love with another girl, and seems cold. What to do?
Why does she want me to stay in her life while she loves someone else?
Would you be honest about an abusive (not physical) ex to their new girlfriend/boyfriend?
Is there a secret to asking a women out and getting a good success rate?
Why don’t girls say a direct no? Instead they say “you got a pure heart but I don't deserve you”.
Should I continue something I've informally committed to? What should I choose? My career or the feelings of my girlfriend?
How can I find love when I don't put myself out there? I want things to happen naturally without having to use dating apps, etc.
What would you do if I ask you out?
What should guys know about women to stop being afraid of approaching them?
How do I tell someone that I like them, if I don't talk to him that much even though I have known him for most of my life?
Should I impress my girlfriend's family?
Does my boyfriend have the right to force not only me to tell my friend to delete my picture off her Instagram, but also forcing her to do that?
I love her but I'm happy that she moved on with life and probably forgot all about me. Is this a good way to think?
I saw this girl near City Centre 1 in Salt Lake. She was way too beautiful and sweet. Now it seems that I have fallen for her. How should I find her?
I really don't want a relationship anymore and I just met a handsome guy, I keep googling my symptoms, should I see a therapist?
What was your best date?
What does it mean when someone has a crush on you?
What do you say if a girl asks where you work?
Is it okay to date my 17 year old step-cousin?
My dog found a turtle and I just saw him with it. He chewed up its shell pretty bad but I don't know if he killed it. How do I tell if it's okay?
Did Bach not play the 6-part fugue because he thought he couldn't do it on the spot, or for some other reason like the king was a jerk and had bad vibes?
What should I say to my girlfriend who wants to get on antidepressants but is afraid to become "dependent" on them?
Why does she like a drug addict instead of me?
If a young woman is wearing clothes that may be exposing her in a way she may not realize, should/how you tell her?
Why does kissing feels good? Can you give me some advice about kissing?
When a girl rejects a guy, why would it be wrong for the girl to ever reconsider? People’s feelings can change.
What is the likelihood that if a guy and his female friend shared a hotel room abroad that he would try to have sex with her?
My brother asked me do you know how adult people kiss and kissed me on the mouth when I was 4-6 years old and he was 2 years older what should I do?
What does it mean when a man calls you yummy?
How do I find it easier to flirt?
I’ve been going out with this guy for a month and we see each other like once a week, never planned, and at his house or at mine. Should I cut him off?
Is there ever a situation where asking someone out is not worth the risk?
How do I handle a guy with no brain?
Should I visit my online boyfriend in his country (Mexico)?
When asking a girl to prom, is it ok to have another girl in mind in case she says no?
Some of my friends used to make fun of me and it hurt me. They are rich and I am a topper. I am unable to manage. What should I do?
How did you act when you developed a crush?
Does Shweta Gautam have a boyfriend?
What do I do if I want to leave a man who loves me for a man I love?
Me and my best friend are very close. Yesterday she said, “I want a good boy friend”, then my heart skipped a beat. What do I do now, tell her my feelings or not?
My ex-boyfriend blamed me for everything and then blocked me. Why?
Why do I feel shattered after my girlfriend left for the US for 3 months even though she told me not to worry and I know she is not the cheating type?
Why does he want a baby but doesn’t want to build a family?
Do you guys have some confessions?
Do girl notice boys?
If someone never shave, what does he look like at various milestones?
What are some dating tips when both of the people had a traumatized life?
Would Brazilian women date Turkish men?
How can a fat guy have a girlfriend in India?
What are good dares to ask over text?
What if someone loved you and you knew?
Why do Disney movies give such bad dating advice?
How do I tell if my crush likes me as a friend or as a girl?
Guys, when asking out a girl, do you usually know what the answer is going to be before you ask her out?
How can you tell when you like someone?
If a woman spends her entire lifetime with her husband and then finds out that he was already married and had cheated on her, what could be her reaction?
What is the truth about your ex-boyfriend?
What can I do if someone I love the most thinks I am guilty of doing something wrong, when I am in a situation where I cannot prove my innocence?
How do you tell a girl you like her over text?
How do I get rid of all this emotional baggage from my past relationships?
My ex broke up with me. We dated for a month, but he would tease me and try to talk to me. He also constantly stares, especially when I am not looking. Why is that?
My close friend went out with my crush and her friends and told me nothing. Is it what friends always do?
Should I give up my relationship to make my partner happy with his real love? He is so cold to me this past few weeks.
Does two month of being in a relationship with someone determine that you have fallen in love with that person?
I want to die. Can you give me a reason not to?
I stopped replying to a Japanese guy, would it be okay if I hit him up again?
Is it possible for a guy to not fall in love with a girl who he really likes and is attracted to?
What should a girl do if she is getting too attracted towards her male teacher who has also recently married?
What can the government do to deal with the likes of Arundhati Roy? I know that she is just the tip of an iceberg, so putting her in prison will not solve anything.
Why do I get embarassed about my boyfriend in front of my parents?
My boyfriend says he "lost the spark" in our relationship. Can we get it back?
One of my old classmates suddenly became a model. She's gorgeous now, but she did have plastic surgery. Where do they find the money?
Why can’t men control themselves when a good looking girl passes along the street? Is it anxiety?
What should I do? I think my gf doesn't get that I'm asexual.
How can I make my relationship fun?
What was the exact moment that you realized you actually weren't in love?
Can some people hook up at night for the first time after chatting on Instagram throughout the day?
Is there any way to prove to my ex that I do not have NPD? I lied and hurt her. She is convinced that I am a narcissist because of this.
How romantic is your relationship with your boyfriend?
What are some good ways to show your interest in your crush without coming off too strong?
He broke up with me and sent a friend request to his ex. On the next day, he keeps on calling me after unfriending his ex. What does it mean?
I don't think he's a narcissist. But he hasn't spoken to me in 3 months. He moved on to a new love. Is there any point in going no contact?
There's a girl always staring at me in class. I avoid eye contact because it's weird. I never really liked her but I sorta do now. Does she like me?
I am fearful of having a girlfriend because of my Christian parents. How do I escape the fear of my parents' criticism?
What does it mean when my male friend avoids eye contact with me, especially when his girlfriend is around?
I'm in love with the girl I rejected in the past. What should I do?
I like a guy who is not like most other guys. He is also 2 years older than me. How can I tell if he likes me back?
How do I keep my boyfriend happy?
Would it be wrong to marry a 37 year old man, when I'm 21 year old woman?
If a guy who's known for being quiet and shy goes out of his way to talk to you, does that mean anything?
Why do girls develop interest or non-interested for guys within the first minutes of meeting him and nothing that happens afterwards can change that?
How do I know if my boyfriend really cares about me?
Should you marry the guy you love or the guy who is well settled? Read the details.
I saw a girl on Facebook and instantly got attracted to her. But she doesn't know me at all. Should I send her a friend request?
I always think about having sex with my boyfriend. Is this normal?
How do you know when to go out on a first date after you asked someone out?
How can I date a woman without feeling like I'm wasting her time?
Would it be considered morally wrong to befriend a girl with a boyfriend, which then makes her leave him?
My housemate stole all my cups, plates, and silverware when he left, then blocked me on FB. How do I legally screw him over for theft?
How can I be open minded while dating?
Why is my ex texting me twice a month after our breakup, but when I call him to clarify things he doesn’t pick up my calls?
What is it if parents and relatives don't support your decision of divorce? I'm a 28 year old female working in India.
How can I be sure that a girl has got pink nipples just by looking at her face?
What is the ideal age to get married as a woman?
How do you know if you still love your husband? I can't tell how strong my feelings are towards another man.
What gifts should I bring to meet my girlfriend’s parents for the first time?
How do I not stalk my ex on Facebook? He got married to a girl he said he had no chance with when I doubted him with her when we were dating. I feel terrible
We dated only once and now she says, she misses me? Why?
What happens if your boyfriend and bestie go for a trip leaving you behind?
How do we know that the girl who chats with me is in love?
In a long relationship, how do I make sure my girlfriend still feels loved by me in every way?
How do you motivate a girl who is just at home doing nothing after getting her degree?
What do you do when your best friend’s boyfriend hates you? I am always nice to him, but he is not quiet about his hatred, so it's awkward and tense.
Can girls become interested in a guy after not being interested in him? Feelings can change, right?
How can I convince my mother to allow me to marry my boyfriend, who is from a different caste?
I’m 22 and I’ve never masturbated and have no sexual urges. Is there something wrong with me?
There is a girl in my class and I have never talked to her and we hang out with different people so no one can introduce me. What do I do? Go for it?
Why is my ex bothering to apologize after all the hurtful things he said and then saying we shouldn't talk for awhile?
What reasons can I give my future husband if he asks me why I am not a virgin? I dont want to tell him the truth.
What does a girl want in her would-be husband?
Does a woman who asks a man out on a date seem desperate, thus making the man less likely to say yes?
Does a guy have a crush on me when he glances at me, stares when I don't look, fixes his hair and gets nervous when I'm around?
How do I avoid finding love even if it comes to me?
What does it mean when a woman keeps blinking her eyes?
If a girl doesn't feel the same way about a guy, is it wrong for her to give the guy a chance so maybe things can work out?
Does ignoring a girl really makes her closer to you?
How should I go about getting a girlfriend as a 16 year old?
How can I make my ex interested in me again?
Can I get my ex back as I still love him?
Why do guys seem like they lose interest in me when I'm actually nice and show interest back?
Does my boyfriend's brother hate me?
Why are you single till now and with no past relationships? Why don’t you want to get married or get committed in India?
What does it mean when a guy tells you he likes you but doesn’t talk to you after that?
A guy has liked me for 7 years now. I rejected him and he said that I will learn to love him if only I will accept him. Should I give him a chance?
What sticking points do you have when it comes to dating and relationships?
I am in love with my crush, but she doesn't seem to notice me. What should I do?
Is it normal to want my girl friend to fart in my face?
What should I do if I want my ex back, but he doesn't want me back?
What should I do after breaking up?
I've liked one girl for 9 years. I found out that a life-long friend also likes her now. Do I back off for my friend or go after her?
How does it feel when your mom gives you the blind stare (means she see's you but she doesn't)?
There's someone I can't stop thinking about even though I have no romantic attraction to them. Why could this be happening?
My boyfriend has decided to choose his friends over me. How do I deal with it?
What do I do when my boyfriend gets offended by tiny little things all the time?
Why would a guy smile to himself?
What is it to finally find someone who loves you, understands you and completes you but cannot promise their whole life with you?
A girl in my class has accused me of something I didn't do. She turns people against me and won't talk to me. What should I do?
How do I get a girl to like me again?
I have a problem obsessing over girls, how do I get over it?
I’m from Italy and he’s from Texas. I met him on an exchange program. Should I break up with him? And if yes, how?
My boyfriend is coming home from serving an 8 year sentence at IDOC. What things should I expect?
What's the reason if a boy does whatever a girl wants but tries to avoid it after some time?
Why does a guy turn me down despite the fact that I'm an Oxford student?
How does it feel when a girl chat with you daily and after some days she stops chatting with you?
Does the feeling of love always have to be effortless? Is taking efforts to (hopefully) gain someone's affections the wrong way to look at it?
When a man asks his girlfriend "who was that guy", why does the phrase feel very different from "who was that girl" when a girl asks her boyfriend?
How do I improve myself so that girls want to have sex with me?
I’m a 15-year-old boy and I crave love and affection with a girl. I need to hug and cuddle etc. I don’t have a girlfriend. What do I do?
How should I express my feelings to a mature serious boy?
Is it necessary to communicate daily in a relationship?
Why am I always dreaming about a person I like. Is it possible he might also be thinking of me?
What is love supposed to do for you, and what does that tell you about the limits of a loving relationship?
What is the best way to find dates without dating sites? I'm a 50 year old woman, stable, empty-nester, and a fulfilling career.
Why does my wife give me a hard time about my baby momma when she clearly sees that I'm trying to accommodate her feelings?
My boyfriend has had anorgasmic ejaculation (cum without orgasm) a few times during vaginal sex with me. Is this a bad thing or is it my fault? What could this mean?
Why do some men not want to marry or get into serious relationships when they're getting old?
Why didn't my boyfriend stand up for me?
How can I express my feelings if I am a shy girl?
What is the best way to make your girlfriend understand who you really are?
How can a boy propose to a girl?
Why don't girls make it clear that they like me?
Is there any girl left who doesn't want a rich, handsome guy?
Is it rude/cheesy to kiss a girl's hand as you're introduced?
How can I stop fantasizing about my ex?
Is it legal for a 17-year-old to engage in sexual relations with an adult over the age of 25 in the state of Texas?
How do I know that girls like me?
My friend and I both like each other before. Now he has his someone and he still shows his affection to me. I still like him. What should I do?
If a woman (older than me) replies to everything but personal questions, does that mean she doesn't want me in her life?
Why are girls ok with their boyfriends controlling them and telling them who they can and can't talk to?
Will a guy want to marry a girl with diffuse hair loss?
How can I talk to my crush who is in grade 12 and I am I grade 10? Because he makes the first move and I keep shutting him down and end up regretting it.
How would you react if your lover said that he wasted his time and money on you?
What if I ask a girl to be my best friend?
Is it okay to be jealous if your male friend has other female friends and treats them the same way as he treats you?
Whenever I see a pretty girl, I always imagine she's naked. I'm worried about myself. Do I have a mental disorder? Should I see a doctor?
How can I make my boss like me again after I failed her?
What is it like meeting up with your childhood sweetheart after a long time?
When a guy you have never seen gets your number, contacts you, knows everything about you, and says that he likes you, what does this mean?
How can I see my girlfriend’s texts and incoming calls?
Is it okay to give a phone number to a crush who probably has a crush on me too, or will he judge me?
How does it feel to have a relationship with someone who is already in a relationship?
What would you do, if your 14-year-old friend tried to date your 18-year-old brother, even after you told her to stop and she lied to your face about it?
How do you react when someone says she loves animals, particularly dogs in this case, way more than human?
I told my dad that I want to marry the guy I love. My family has cut off all ties with me. What do I do? I don't think I can live without my family.
Can an ugly guy like me impress a girl?
Why do people assume that women have only good reasons for making dating difficult?
How do I know if a girl is not proud of me?
How long before an ex who dumped you but did not want a relationship misses you?
My friend of 1 year kissed my crush in front of me today. What should I do? I thought about getting over both of them and finding another friend.
How do I kiss my girlfriend on the cheek?
How come he never texts first?
How do you know whether a girl likes you or not?
My girlfriend is 16 years old and a 30 years old man told her that he wants her. What should I do?
This guy tells me that he likes me. We have been texting for quite some time. Should I stop texting him first to see if he really means that?
Is it good to give a manicure set to a girl?
What do I do if the boy I once dated is dating someone, but I still like him?
My bf's friend is flirting with me and he is accusing me of doing it, what should I do?
My boyfriend is not motivated even though I motivate him as much as I can. Should I leave him?
My ex boyfriend is going to ask me out as a dare from my uncle. Even though he already has a new girlfriend. What should I say?
Why do girls who are just friends start getting possessive when they start liking their guy friend?
What should I do to start a conversation with a girl on Quora?
I am dating a man who is 12 years older than me. Father's Day is coming up. What is an appropriate gift to get him to do with his kids?
Why am I insecure with my boyfriend?
Why would a guy who has played many girls before and openly bragged about his past to girls suddenly try to hide his entire past from someone new?
My crush is going to a different high school. I'm sad and really wanted to get to know him. Should I try to talk to him or leave it?
I love a girl and she loves me, but she has a boyfriend. She tells me that we'll be together one day. Should I stay or should I move on?
How do I know if somebody likes me?
How can I overcome the feeling of not wanting to study in the very last month after I’ve been preparing for it for almost a year?
Is it a good idea to ask a boy out to go swimming in the river?
If a guy asks out a girl and she says no and then stops talking to him, should the guy feel like he did something wrong?
Have you ever been in a situation where you want to love someone but just can't no matter how hard you try?
This article says it’s okay to be needy for girls. Is it also okay for guys? What do you think?
Can break up with your best friend hurt more than break up with your girlfriend?
Is it normal that an ex-wife and an ex-husband become friends and talk about their social life, careers, and dating lives while they both are in new relationships?
How do I get revenge on people who ignored me intentionally again and again for no reason?
How do I know when a boy likes me?
Should a girl be worried if she has her period twice in a month?
How can I tell a girl who suffers from BPD that I love her?
What should I do if my father gets attracted to me?
A man who finds another woman attractive says he is unable forget her. Can such a man really love his wife or be faithful to her?
One of my boyfriend's co-workers has a huge crush on him and has been looking into my life. Should I say anything about it?
I love a girl and I proposed her, she said that she is not interested. What should I do?
At the beginning, we were good and had sex, but now she keeps on making excuses. Why?
Can I trust a man who is 20 years older than me?
How do people flirt after being out of the dating scene for a long time? Do people still flirt?
Would you date a trans man that has done top and bottom surgery?
What does Anshul Sharma think about girls approaching a guy first?
How will a guy know whether she had for feeling for him?
Why does my ex text me but when I call him to clarify things doesn't he pick up my calls?
How do you know if a girl cares about you when she knows you're mad at her?
A girl said to me,"I am interested on you but haven't fall for you yet". What does this mean?
Why do I love my friend so much?
How do guys feel about girls asking them out?
What can I do, if my girlfriend gets married?
How do I deal with anxious partner?
How can I reccover from the shame and the suffering created by my decision taken to end my previous relationship with my ex-girlfriend?
When he says he really likes everything about you and wants a long-term relationship, is he really in love with you or does he just want to be physical?
Can anyone in Europe explain to me which group is the bad guys according to popular opinion: Antifa or Pegida/Legida (and the likes)?
How do you say I love you in Enochian?
What should you do when your boyfriend gets irritated about small things?
What does a boy feel when he has to leave his own home for his career, and what does he miss about his own home?
Why do girls realize the importance of their parents after they have a breakup, while lying to them during the relationship?
Why is marriage necessary for a man and a woman, logically?
What do I do about my probably-straight crush?
Where can I find an uploaded voiceover saying 'I'm a banana guy'?
How do I make my male teacher have a crush on me? I am 17 and female.
One of my friends has an M.Tech in remote sensing. She has done teaching for 2 years. She wants to get back to work. What are her options?
If a guy asks out a girl and she says no, why do people think it's wrong for him to ask out other girls? Shouldn't he accept that no means no and move on?
Why doesn't he remember me as much as I remember him? He doesn't message me the way I wanted him to.
Is it immoral for a 30-year-old man to seduce an 18-year-old girl?
How do I stop crushing on a celebrity girl? I'm male, 21 years old and I'm crushing big time on Camila Cabello. I can't help being attracted to her.
If a girl almost avoids you the morning after the night you kissed her, does that mean she doesn't want you?
What is the way to find if a girl feels the same as I feel for her?
What should I do when a girl says she loves me but wants to stay single for the rest of her life?
Is it wrong to ask a woman out, unless she is on a dating site or is referred by a friend?
What is appropriate in love and sex?
How can I show through my body language that I still care about my crush?
Someone very close told me they were sexually active. This came as a shock to me. How do I come to terms with it? I feel very weird.
Should I dump my girlfriend for sleeping with a guy while she knew my feelings about her in the first place? We started dating afterwards.
What should you do when you think your bisexual best friend has a crush on you?
Can I marry a woman who is richer than me?
How would you know that your female friend isn't sexually attracted to you? But she wants to hang out all the time.
How do I tell my long-distance boyfriend I was molested?
How do I respond or deal with my boyfriend who - not only always assumes he is right, but he actually states his assumptions as fact?
Why should you talk to your ex just because he noticed and liked something in your profile on WhatsApp?
I saw a girl in a concert and we spend that time together without talking. I feel I love her because I can't stop thinking of her. What should I do?
What are some thoughts about girls that can make me hate girls? I want to hate girls, because I am wasting time in search of a girl online.
How do I deal with my girlfriend’s past love?
How would you feel about your adult son dating a woman with Aspergers?
Should I give up on dating or is there a way I can solve this in my standards? I will reject “be a man and just approach” answers.
Why does a man kiss a girl on the neck when the girl tries to get away?
What does your boyfriend think of ZhangIntyre?
In a serious relationship, are threesomes a good idea?
Should I tell my boyfriend that I am jealous of his girl best friend?
I'm a middle-aged divorced woman and want the right dateable man. How does one balance showing interest in a man and being too needy?
How can you slowly build up a friendship that develops into a relationship?
If the Queen wanted a Bugatti Chiron, could she get it even if they have been sold out and if so, would she have to pay for it?
How should I accept the harsh truth of my life that she will never be with me?
If a girl was once deeply in love with you but isn't anymore, how do you get her to fall in love with you again?
What if you are friends with a guy, but you don’t talk?
How can I get my ex-girlfriend back from her new boyfriend?
What would you do if your boyfriend doesn’t want to marry you but wants to be in a relationship with you?
What do you call a woman who uses her body to earn attention?
Should I break up with my online boyfriend?
What do you mean by I love you?
Do you believe that loving someone, is giving everything for him?
What does it mean when a guy cries for a girl?
Psychologically, why am I attracted to 'bad boys'?
Have you ever regretted not asking a girl out?
Do older women want to date younger men?
What are some good places to pick up/meet new girls in Mumbai?
How do I overcome the fact that I will never have chances to meet my crush again?
Have you ever had to do something for the good of someone you loved, even though you knew it meant that they would never speak to you again?
She always responds to my WhatsApp messages, but not to my Facebook messages. She is always online on Facebook. Should I leave her?
My husband is abroad and he is mad at me and he is ignoring me. What can I do?
I am looking for large posters of world wine regions. However, I'm not very well off. Is there a way to get these affordably?
What does it mean when a girl tells you that she'd like to be with you but it doesn't depend much on her will?
Why do I fall for anyone who treats me nicely or pays the slightest bit of extra attention to me?
A guy "friend" texted "hallelujah" at 6 in the morning, and my girl answered "lol," "hahaha," and "wanna meet and catch up." Was that random, or is it more?
How do I get friendly with girls?
Do men who are not interested in a relationship state that they are not expressive?
Why is the mistress off the hook if she knows he is married? Shouldn't she have some blame too?
My boyfriend is always mean to me and the girls in his class, but his mom says he comes home sad because he says the girls are mean, what do I do?
Is it healthy to go a week in a relationship/marriage without speaking to your significant other?
Is "sure" a definite yes when asking a girl to date you?
How do I go on to love again after a 20-year marriage dissolves when I am still filled with sadness and grief a year later?
What do guys think of girls who have slept around?
What do you do if you're a straight man who prefers playing the passive role in dating?
Is this relationship going to work out?
How can we get away from someone whom you love the most in this world but he is hurting you and breaking your trust since 5 years?
How different are you and your boyfriend?
What if you like a girl who doesn’t want a relationship at the moment?
What is a good way to flirt with a girl without seeming weird?
What are the reasons a guy would share personal family problems with a girl?
Do girls feel happy when a friend apologizes for his mistake?
People say I'm a 7 in terms of looks. What does this mean in terms of how I'll do in society and dating?
If a person asks a lot of questions, is he a confused man or a genuine seeker of truth?
I got a crush on this Indian guy who's a Christian. We don't talk but he happens to be joining a Christian college. What should I do?
Do Indian girls hug guys even though they are just friends?
Who moves on first from a long-term relationship? The dumper or the dumpee?
Why did my ex look me up on Facebook when he has a girlfriend?
I'm a confident individual but I am terrible at pulling girls, why? Am I gay?
Why is my ex making me jealous?
How can I tell my boyfriend to get checked out because he's impotent? He's in denial but I want him to enjoy sex. He's in his 40's
Is it possible for me to marry another man being a gay in India?
Am I doing the right thing thinking about ending a relationship?
Should you take time to get your life in order before you begin a relationship?
How can I deal with a best friend who is saying she is busy but finding time for something else?
I only talk to a girl when she starts the conversation. Will that make me an arrogant before her?
Do extroverted guys like extroverted girls?
What do you say to a lady when you're a half an hour or two late for your first date?
I have fallen for this guy's personality but he is a big time jerk. Is it normal to fall for a jerk's personality?
Does humility work in relationships?
My principal took my phone while checking my bag and she is not returning it back. How can I get it back?
What would a person feel when he realizes he cannot do the things he used to be great at?
What do I do when meeting a girl for the first time?
How do girls know whether they're interested in you or not within the first few minutes of meeting you?
Do couples who have been married for a long time still try to impress one another?
Does it mean anything when a guy asks you if you're still awake?
My brother has a girlfriend of 10 months. Should she be in the family wedding photos?
Which one should one select for a girl, a good, loving family or only a career?
If your boyfriend was walking home and happened to see an ex and started talking to her, would you be upset, even if his intentions weren't bad?
Is it wrong to ask out a girl that I know doesn't like me back?
What does my girlfriend mean when she says, "I wish you were my first."?
A girl keeps flaking out on me. Any ideas why or suggestions?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked “How am I doing?” and I responded “Great.” with a smile. What's wrong with that?
I just met a guy and wish to date him. What do I do?
I want to marry a girl from Delhi who is an orphan. How can I proceed further?
What is anonymousemail.me?
What does it mean when a guy can't look at you, even when you're standing right next to each other, after you reject him?
What do I do if a guy keeps saying he loves me?
Why is he lying to me about small and unimportant things? When I catch him, he denies it.
Is it okay for me to like 18-year-old women if my daughter is also 18 years old?
Should I break up with her because she complains a lot?
Are there any girls here looking for a friend or relationship?
Should I get back with my ex-girlfriend, who cheated on me with someone else and had sex with them, if I'm still interested in her and love the sex?
Does a proposal change things in a relationship?
What's your favourite thing about your boyfriend?
Why do we find ways to skip chances to propose to a girl whom we love the most?
What are your thoughts on the dual relationship described in socionics?
My mother gets immense pain in the heel every time she is out for a long time. Is there anything she could do on her own for it?
What are some things guys should know about girls?
What is your worst experience in a relationship? Who is more loyal, boy or girl?
How do introverts get a girlfriend?
Is it possible to find a guy who does not think of sex all the time but who can think of romance as something emotional, too and not just physical?
Why won't a girl whom I liked and who has blown me off leave me alone, even when I have told her we can never be friends?
What are signs that an outgoing guy is actually insecure? My crush acts confident but why won't he talk to me?
How can I get a girlfriend from LSR?
Why is my boyfriend angry because he said that I masturbate too much during sex?
What would you do if someone whom you deeply love ignores you?
I wanna date an IITian, how could I approach one?
She doesn't like to talk more. How can she build that confidence in herself to talk with strangers and convince him to get married with her?
What shall I wear for my first date as a 28-year-old man? Should I date her even when I knew her from school for a couple of years?
What should a girl do if she is in love with a stranger and cannot get over from his thoughts?
I have been dejected in love and relationship. What should I do?
How long must I give up to propos a girl?
What does it mean if a girl tells me not to knock on my door?
What does it mean if she tells that she likes chocolate?
Can a hopeless romantic and a blunt realist ever have a healthy relationship?
Have you found long-lasting love with someone who left his ex because of you?
How significant is a 5 year age difference? I am 5 years older than most of my work colleagues and I feel odd.
I had coffee with my friend, her friend came too. Why did my friend keep prompting me to tell her friend about my embarrassing but funny stories?
How do I talk to my future girlfriend on Skype?
What's the most awkward first date you have ever had?
Is there a woman who’s bisexual and polyamorous with a female primary partner? How do you navigate through your wants and needs?
A girl says she's in love with me over text, so how do I make her fall even more in love with me?
How do I treat a man who only messages me shortly before or after midnight just to tell me good night?
What happened to your ex who left you for someone else?
Is it rude to tell a girl you don't care if she looks bad?
How do I treat a girl who entertains her boyfriend’s friends better than her own boyfriend?
Why am I never anyone's first choice?
This guy showed interest in me and treated me like his girlfriend but suddenly became cold. What should I do?
Is a relationship with a student good or bad?
What did men want in a relationship the most?
What's wrong with "I am sure to you."?
What should I do if girls look at me and boys complain that I am so handsome?
Are science students more likely to get a girlfriend in India?
I am deeply in love with a girl 2 years older than me. What does that tell about me?
How can I find out if a guy is attracted to me?
When teens get pregnant, why do the girls get blamed and not the guys?
Is it weird for a 41-year-old guy to marry a 22-year-old woman?
Is it really worth feeling all depressed after a relationship break up?
My crush is good, but he likes my best friend (s) and he treats me like his "bro". Should I move to the same class with him?
I'm in highschool and want to take an abroad summer trip but my mom keeps saying no. We have the money but she won't even discuss it. What do I do?
How can I be happier in life? I am a 15-year-old fat and ugly girl who has no clue about the future.
Both my fiancé's ex and my ex's girlfriend are rude towards me though I have been nothing but kind to both. What gives, and how do I handle it?
Does Yami think she is beautiful?
A girl I dated ended things after 4 months because she doesn't want a boyfriend. She still wants to hang out all the time. Is there hope for us?
How can I get someone who is already taken?
How long does it take to get over being broken up with?
How would you describe someone who should most strongly consider a dating website?
What should I do if I love two people at the same time?
What does it mean when a guy looks at you when you’re not looking, and then when you look at him, he snaps his head back to what he was doing?
If my crush talks to a lot of girls and doesn't try to talk to me, why did he talk to a girl about me staring at him?
Does a relationship with a BPD woman get shorter each time she recycles with the same partner?
How can I make my boyfriend share his problem, which he is suffering from, with me?
Do bisexuals perceive masculine and feminine beauty the same way? When you see a hot girl and a hot guy do you get the same type of tingles?
My tutor always tells me personal details about himself, opens the door for me, & treats me more like a friend than a student. Is he attracted to me?
How can I see if my guy friend/crush likes me?
How would you feel about dating a same sex partner who is somewhat religious?
How do I ask a girl for a date?
How does a fat kid get a girlfriend?
My friend eats paper and I am worried about him. What should I do?
How do I deal with a narcissist who treated me badly? Should I call him out on his behaviour or stay silent? I feel heartbroken and don't know what to do.
Does he like me even if he ignores me?
What's a movie where the guy gets his heart broken by a girl, loses his mind, and comes back years later as a super villain?
My girlfriend told me to "get the XXX out of her life", should I?
What do guys get by seeing at girls private parts? Why do they do so? Any logical answers?
A girl I like also likes me, but she also likes her one male classmate. She is confused on who to choose as her boyfriend. How can I be the man of her dreams?
I don't have any male friend like every girl has. Is it so why I am mostly ignored?
Are most guys superficial? I just want the truth. Is it all about looks?
How do I recognize when a guy's talking nicely instead of mistaking it for flirting?
How do I ask for a discount from online dating coach?
I recently had sex with my girlfriend after a year, as I was away for a year. I ejaculated in less than three minutes. What should I do about this?
My crush always tries to get my attention, stares at me and when I like his pics he always likes mine right back a minute later, is he flirting?
What is the correct way to have a good relationship, especially if we do not talk that often?
My friend posted something on Facebook that said, "if you text me just to ask how my kid and I are doing I won't text back." Why?
Is it wrong to break up with a girl because you know she's not for you, even if she is very good to you?
Both my girlfriend and I are going to be (only slightly) busy this summer. What are ways we could keep in touch?
I was invited by a German girl for birthday - I had to say no initially - but she tried to convince me on WhatsApp to come. What could be the reason?
What are 10 quick reasons for rejecting a guy on an arranged marriage date?
How do I know if the woman I met is scamming me?
How can I be sure that he’s not cheating on me through his phone?
My girlfriend cheated on me a few days ago for the second time. But I gave her a second chance because I really love her. Is my decision right?
How do I make my parents and my girl friend’s parents accept my love relation? I am a jobless person.
How hard is it to choose a career over a girlfriend?
What does it mean when your crush ignores you one day and seems suddenly into you on other days?
How can you tell if a girl is interested in you? How can you tell if she is uninterested?
Is it okay to have a friend with benefits and a boyfriend at the same time?
Why do girls like bad guys that lie?
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and have even kissed. Is he interested in me?
What is the best way to act around a girl who you like?
How do I impress our life partner when we have 2 months of time for marriage?
Is this guy cheating if he brings his cell phone to the bathroom every time he smokes in there? He seems to read and text someone in the bathroom.
Are there any suggestions to help me to not be affected by negative insults and insecurities in my relationship?
What is the best thing to do when my girlfriend compliments my best male friend too much?
Are there any statistics around what percentage of breakups happen because the girl dumped her partner, or otherwise?
Why is it difficult for me to be submissive to my boyfriend? We are trying to start a sub/dom relationship.
Why is it that this girl doesn't show interest in me until after she rejected me?
My girlfriend is giving me mixed signals and has mood swings. What should I do?
How can I convince my commitment-phobiac crush to be in a relationship with me?
Why does my crush seem off tonight? It is like there are two of them, maybe a twin? One moment the person is flirting, and the next this person is cold.
Should a woman marry a man before she dies so he would raise her child?
Should I be in a relationship with my friend/roommate’s ex?
What will happen if I distance myself from my boyfriend?
How can I be less anxious in my relationship?
Do married men want to be able to divorce their wives simply by saying the word "divorce" 3 times (she cannot do the same)?
Has anyone regretted breaking off a relationship in hindsight?
Is it OK to date a guy who owns a gun?
If you get rejected by a girl, why is it a bad idea to ask out her sister? The first girl shouldn't care because she rejected you.
I kissed my friend, we both are into each other before, now he is seeing someone. But he still shows affection to me. What should I do?
How do I tell a person that she's annoying me all the time without hurting her feelings?
If a guy says “I don't care” but sometimes it feels like he does care, how can we know his feelings?
How do I find out who my girlfriend is chatting with on Facebook?
I’m 18, almost 19, and I want to stay at my BF’s house for 1 night. How do I go about asking and explaining why?
What do I do if I'm in love with someone that I don't see myself spending my future with?
How should I approach the 17 year old son of my new girlfriend?
What’s the best way to show a girl that she means the world to you?
My coworker gave me a very long smiling stare. Now she’s ignoring me. What should I do?
What are some romantic things you can do while camping with your partner?
As man I have always faced difficulty because I'm short. Should I prevent myself from having children of my own because they might suffer like me?
Has anybody out there fallen in love online, met in person, and continued with a permanent relationship?
How do you get over the person you loved with all your heart but who is no more yours?
What are the things you did after your break-up?
How do I react to my bf saying he thinks my older sister is hot?
What should you do if your girlfriend is introverted and slightly depressed because she was molested in her childhood?
How do you know if a guy you dated on and off is jealous, and how do you fix it?
Why do girls always want to talk to their husbands?
Is it hard to have a long distance love and keep each other happy?
If I get rejected by a girl, how soon should I ask out another girl?
How can a guy say no without getting slapped if a girl proposes?
I had multiple occasions where I had dreams about my highschool crush even if I am already in a relationship. Why?
What makes a relationship seem beautiful, contrasting or symmetrical?
Why do girls not like successful guys?
How can I help my boyfriend understand me as an artist?
How can I move on from a hopeless crush?
If the narcissist has discarded me and moved on, why is he still in my heart and mind?
How do I approach a stranger guy? I am very introverted and always tongue tied.
How do I forget a girl whom I love but who rejected me?
I really like this girl. We've been close friends for a year. She has a boyfriend, who is moving to another country in August. What do I do?
What lies was Robert Kennedy exposing that got the Palestinians and the British very, very upset and had him murdered?
How does a 62-year-old widow meet a decent guy?
How do I not message my girl friend "too much" and not be clingy?
Why are girls less inclined to be interested in a guy who is interested in her?
Recently, one of my friends just got into a relationship. Now when she posts pics of herself with her boyfriend, why am I getting so jealous?
I'm dating a woman whom I would want to marry but I'm not sexually attracted to her. Is this a sign that the relationship is unsustainable?
Why do I always attract girls who already have a boyfriend?
Do you agree that 90% of dating is having the courage to talk to your perspective mate?
When someone asks the name of a beautiful girl you know, most people will answer the name of their girlfriend or wife. So what’s the use of asking that?
Did it ever happen that while in a relationship you got distracted, developed slight feelings for someone else, but now you are happy with your girlfriend?
Am I not feeling love for my boyfriend because I have depression, or because I don't love him?
I am not bad-looking, but I always get rejected for relationship. Why?
If I ask someone to let me know to whom and what they're talking about, am I being controlling?
Does a guy feel scared in this situation?
If I think it’s likely we’ll break up, but we wanted to travel alone together/with friends this summer, should I still go? Are last hurrah trips ok?
What girl trends do guys hate?
I am shy, and I want to ask my crush if he likes me, without there being any pressure. We are good friends. How should I ask him?
Can I find a man that would love me now and not my money?
How do I know if he is right for marriage?
Will I get over this break up someday?
A guy told me that he never had to ask a girl out to figure out if she likes him? How is this possible?
How quickly can a girl know whether she is interested in a guy or not?
My parents don't talk to me anymore. They don’t even allow my siblings to contact me. What can I do?
What are some pet names for a lover that will make her love you more than before?
To which song should I propose to her to?
Has anyone met a boyfriend/girlfriend on Quora?
How can I show him that I really like him without him thinking that I'm lying or just being a stupid teenager?
What would you do when you like a colleague so bad but dating is not allowed in your office?
Is it wrong to be in a relationship because you want kids?
What would you do if you extremely liked someone's personality and mind, but you weren't physically attracted to them?
How do I know if my hubby is cheating on me? I have a girl's name and a number. Though he is into film direction, the msg. didn't read right.
My boyfriend has decided to choose his friends over me. Should I leave him forever?
I love my girlfriend, we've been together for over a year, but I feel like I'm losing my feelings/interest, why am I feeling this way?
What do you think about a relationship between an Indonesian girl and an Italian guy? Is it possible? We know that those are very different, like night and day.
When do the highs of dating a narcissit wear off?
How do you handle your mother and your lovely girlfriend, who soon could be your wife? Whom should you give the first priority over the other?
Why couldn't Ahsoka Tano feel whoever killed Letta Turmond in prison and why she couldn't feel that it wasn't Ventress but Barriss who attacked her?
How do I get over my crush having a girlfriend?
How do you ask a girl/lady to have sex with you without being disgraced?
How do I tell someone that I don't want to pursue a relationship with them without hurting their feelings?
Sometimes things take a while to work out. Is this true for relationships?
My best friends told my crush that I like him, what do I do?
How can I make my girlfriend feel like a woman?
Have you ever dated a sikh guy/girl? Share your experience.
I talk to my girlfriend's friends but she won't make an effort to get to know my friends. If we are to have a future, what should I do?
How do white boys in the US feel about dating Indian girls? Do they respect Indian cultures?
Is she interested or just thinks of me as a friend?
I like this girl and we've been on dates. Although she denies them, she still goes with me. What does this mean?
How can you know if he is just not that into you?
Does Michael Scheuer have valid arguements or does he just want to spread disinformation?
My girlfriend is texting and calling me but I failed to answer. She became upset on me, is this a negative sign?
There is a guy that I love and I have a huge crush on him. He is really sweet and good-looking. How can I be one of his friends and eventually, boyfriend?
Is it normal to feel jealous when your girlfriend says that she thinks a celebrity is "hot"?
I love my work, but I feel it won't let me grow in my career. What should I do?
I met a girl on a dating app, but saw her friend, and she is much cuter. How do I get her to hook me up with her friend?
How can I tell my crush's friend to help me and my crush get together (her friend knows that I like her)?
I am 18 and my girl is 17, so can I take her to a room, which I'll book, as she is a minor?
How can I deal with the pressure of my relationship?
I haven't heard from my boyfriend since we had an argument (a week ago). He keeps ignoring me, it hurts so bad. What should I do?
My ex who has a boyfriend wants to hook up. How do I approach this?
Why did a guy send a picture that said “thinking of you” to me?
What if my ex comes back and asks me to marry him again? How should I respond?
Did someone love a girl for 10 years and later end up losing her?
How does it feel to be a straight guy? Even if you see a guy with his abs showing and muscles pumping you won't feel a thing?
I broke up with my love two years back, I have been trying to move on but now it seems I cant.he talks but he has no feelings left.what should I do?
What is it like to date an Odia boy?
Laura's sister-stalker isn't her twin, of course. So, who is this sister-stalker and why is she going after the well-spoken Laura Ruhl?
When you first talked to your partner how did he react?
Have you ever been asked out completely by surprise?
If you ask a girl in a public library if she has a boyfriend and she tells you she’s not going to answer that, what does it mean?
It's been five months and I still think about my ex every day. Is this normal?
How can I have sex with a female I want to with whom I meet everyday but can't talk about it?
I embarassed myself in front of my crush? Is it really that bad? What should I do?
My boyfriend wants to go to Israel one day. What should he expect when he gets there?
Why would an ex or crush even attempt to play games with a person?
How can I seek vengeance against my ex girlfriend without causing any physical harm to her?
How do you know if a boy really likes you as a girlfriend?
Why can't I focus on liking one girl?
Can a damaged girl ever truly be loved by a good man?
How do I overcome being in love with Ariana Grande because I don't ever have a chance with her?
Did Dylan McIntyre tell his dad about his cheating girlfriend and if so, how did it go?
We went on two dates, how should I plan the third one? We went to an open market on the first and hiking on the second. We only hugged once.
Does it mean anything when a guy lets you take a bite of his food?
Is there anything wrong with loving to be a slob?
Do you think that it's rare to find someone that actually loves you for you and accepts you for who you are?
I've liked this boy for 9 months already and he rejected me 3 times, and I can't seem to get over him. How do I stop my feelings for him?
What is the culture of India about dating?
Why do I feel bad upon seeing my boyfriend joking around with his friends?
Is it a good idea to send my date a message the evening before that I’m looking forward to it?
I like this guy and he noticed me looking at him and he keeps pointing to me and saying something to his friends. Is he calling me weird?
I always feel like my gf is not telling me something, how can I ask her?
Are you suppose to be lonesome when you are married?
How can I know if this guy is genuine or just playing or is a scammer?
What lie was Robert Kennedy exposing that cost him his life?
What would you do if your ex disrespects you, but don't want to lose her as person?
I can't talk to my crush and it's driving me insane. How do I talk to her?
Should I express my feelings to my best friend?
Is it a good idea to tell a person that you're gonna ask them out before you ask them out?
What does it mean if I'm the only one who’s initiating conversations or meet-ups?
How do I get to talk to a shy and strange guy?
Can a guy like someone else whilst entering a new relationship?
What's the solution when my boyfriend left me and it wasn't my fault? It was my sister's. How can I make him listen? He blocked me.
If you find out that your ex-boyfriend (who was going to buy you a ring) nailed his colleague, what would you say to that girl?
Guys, what was your best "player move" back in the day?
How can you tell when a boy is dating you out of pity?
How do I get back at my cheating girl friend?
What should be the three important things for a perfect relationship?
If I traveled to North Korea and started flirting with a woman, would she be interested in me? Or would she hate me?
It is necessary to tell my new boyfriend about my ex?
What should I call my girlfriend?
Should I always receive money from my boyfriend?
What can I do if I don't love a guy like he does?
Why should you never ask out a friend of a girl that rejected you?
Is there a real true psychic that can tell me if my girlfriend really loves me and only me?
A lot of guys told me that they masturbate with my picture. It feels so weird. Should I still talk to them?
What does ‘fighting fair’ mean?
So I tend to like guys who have no chance of ever liking me back. And that depresses me alot. How do I deal with it?
How I can deal with the trouble of trying to catch a girl?
If a woman before actually talking to you deeply, she decided to let her family know you're talking to her. Is it a good sign she wants you?
Do women like car guys?
Whenever I ask my boyfriend for marriage, he only delays. He never says no. But my parents want me to get married. What should I do?
I had a childhood crush on Michael Jackson, is it wrong?
Why do Indian guys try to use Quora like it's a dating website? Don't they know it's not for that purpose?
How do I spot a cheater on the first date?
Is it fine to marry a girl who has been in a relationship with nearly 3 to 4 boys?
What does it mean when a guy offers you his t-shirt?
What does the ending of Samurai Jack mean?
If some stranger girls make too much eye contact while passing beside me, is she attracted to me?
Is it a good idea to ask my girlfriend out again?
A girl is offering me to have sex with her, what should I do?
How can I know if my partner is cheating on me in a long distance relationship?
How do I confess my deep feeling to my guy genuinely without being dramatic?
Do you think I have any hope of finding someone who will at least like me (romantically)?
What are some subtle methods I can use to get a girl to confess her feelings?
As a divorced mom, 49, how do I get back into dating educated stable men? It's been 23 years since I last dated.
How do I hint to a girl that you want to date her?
What should someone call his/her future fiancee/fiance as 'AAP' or 'tum'?
Are there places in Guwahati where I can take my girlfriend at 5 am for a romantic and private date?
Is a boyfriend who loves a lot but is so insecure that he keeps me away from my male friends worth keeping?
What was challenging in your transition from dating to marriage?
Is it possible to date an Emirate woman?
How do I handle ignorance from a girl I had sex with?
I am 21. But I don't have a girlfriend. What should I do?
Should I cast my pride aside to give someone another chance?
How do I win a girl’s heart?
Is it acceptable to let your boyfriend have sex with other women when you are in a long-distance relationship?
What does American call dating mean? To allow their children to meet?
Should I marry a girl who is older than I am and who is a divorcee?
If I was meaner than I meant to be when I broke up, should I apologize?
What happens when you don't nurture your relationship?
I'm 18 years old Indian boy but my girlfriend is 10 months older than me. I'm 175 cm tall and she is 158 and she is Chinese. Is this okay?
How can I get a girl to fall in love with me? What are the qualities that enable you to do that?
Should I hide my Tinder page from my ex if I want him to get back?
I’m a 24-year-old female and he's 51. Would you consider this age gap to be "weird"?
Is asking someone an ETA wrong?
How does one break up a marriage to seduce someone?
Why do most girls date us just to make their ex-partners jealous?
Is it very rare to find a girl with both physical beauty and good at heart?
Do girls propose to boys?
Why would a girl not know my name if I’ve told her a thousand times, and I show up a lot?
How can I stop feeling that no one will ever love me or want me romantically?
Have girls ever rejected a guy and found that he ended up getting another girl shortly afterwards?
Is it sad that I'm 18 and still watch how to get a girlfriend videos?
What would you do if your girlfriend talks to her friend in their native language in front of you?
How do I get over my love for my lifelong best friend because I'm terrified to tell her?
How does progression in relationships work?
Is it true that if a guy was interested in a girl after a few dates, he would call or text daily?
My friend told his crush he loved her, but she didn't know how to feel. His friend told her the same, and it seemed to go better. What should he do?
Is it a turnoff for girls when a guy has been rejected by a lot of girls?
Could this guy have a crush on me because he stares at me when I’m not looking, glances at me, fixes his hair and gets nervous when I'm around?
What should I do when I feel like my girlfriend is cheating?
How do I know that my GF really loves me?
How can I make a girl I love not hate me?
My daughter is moving away after getting married, she wants me to move closer or move in with her. Is that a good idea?
What is the meaning of “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
Does moving in together mean a relationship?
How do you differentiate between being a masculine woman and a man?
Why can’t I make eye contact with girls?
Why am I overemotional?
How have you got over your ex you dumped and then you happened to see him/her dating again?
What does it mean when your female friend texts her other guy friend that she is by herself in the mall while she is actually with you?
When is the right time to have sex with your boyfriend?
What is the best thing to do if the woman you love doesn't want to get into a relationship because she is focused on her career & obtaining a master’s?
Why do Americans "propose" to their girlfriends?
Can my girlfriend leave her husband for me?
Is it true that women expect men to pay for dates?
Should I stop being annoyed that my boyfriend calls another woman "baby"?
Why isn't he interested in coming back to me again, even when I told him I changed my mind about sex? Why can't I seem to forget him?
What is your opinion if a girl has a male best friend?
Is the guy I'm dating interested in me if he takes so long to message me back?
If someone is forcing a girl to hang out with him, and I try to stand between them, and he pulls a gun or knife, do I have the right to do the same in self-defense?
Is being physically intimate with one woman then having sex with another on the same day and lying about it being disrespectful to her?
Will an IITian be interested in dating a non-IITian girl?
Can I ever date a Scorpio man since I'm a Leo woman?
How do I contact my crush if she isn’t on any social media?
Why does this guy care that I didn't message him?
Louise (FoZ) somehow summons Magnus (WH40k) as her familiar, though he, of course, is not going to be such a thing. What does he do to Halkeginia?
What are the telling signs of someone loving you if he or she is already with someone?
Should a guy marry a girl who has decided to never consummate the marriage? Should the guy keep up his hopes and get married? Both are good friends.
If I’m 27 years old, then how can I represent India in athletics?
What's a good short love letter for your girlfriend on your two month anniversary? We are young so we can't do much.
When do you know when to stop chasing someone you love?
What happens if you have feelings with one of your teachers, like a relationship?
In a society like India, will a guy be tolerant enough to marry a girl who is much more educated than he is?
Why do girls complain about other girls (even best friends) when they are not in front of them?
Do you stay with the love of your life even when it feels like there's no hope left?
How do I make girlfriends who are 3 or 4 years older than me?
What if you feel that girl is just the one for you? Do you chase her to death even if being together looks so hard currently, even after so many years?
Why are me and my ex still so close after our breakup?
How can I be of help during my girlfriend’s period?
I'm a guy and so is my best friend, and also I'm in love with him. What must I do?
Every time I am alone for a long time, I feel like I am losing my mind. What is wrong with me?
If someone on Quora asked you out to see a movie or go to a disco, would you consider it?
Why would a divorced man get back together with his ex-wife right after dating me and then realizing that it wasn't going to work?
I am single for 11 years. What is wrong with me?
How do I behave with an ex crush and current friend?
Why do I find it so hard to get over my crush?
Now that I've decided that online dating is the worst idea ever, how should I go about meeting nice people in the real world?
There's another woman in his life. She entered his life when we almost broke up. We want to be together again. How do we come out of this situation?
Is there any girl who is not satisfied​ with marriage?
If your partner cheated on you, is it possible to forgive him and continue the relationship?
Why do girls behave in a jealous and immature about their husbands, and don’t allow him to go out with a friend or talk to her in-laws?
When we say hello to a girl on Facebook and she doesn't reply, what is going in her mind or attitude? Does this mean she doesn’t want to talk to strangers?
What do you do if you want to be with someone who would tell you that they will try but that you could never match or replace their ex?
My fiancé and I never get along anymore, what should I do?
My ex didn't call me after I texted that I regret dumping him and wanted to talk, but he still likes my pictures. I'm confused. Should I give him more space?
Why is it that, when my one guy friend and I hang out, we seem to always hang out for 7+hours at a time?
Do guys like girls around 5'2″?
Have you ever gotten back with an ex, when you thought 100% that would never happen?
How do I confess to my teacher that I've liked him for half a month already? He is now a student studying Law and our ages are 7 years apart.
Why should I even bother with girls if I have always been rejected by them?
My boyfriend licked my face when I had sunscreen on. Is he in any harm?
Can a girl make herself anorexic?
My new girlfriend wants me to have a beard. I've let it grow for two weeks and don't like it. She says it makes me more attractive. What should I do?
She only said that it is sin, but didn't say that she will feel sad if I die. Why should I listen to what she said?
What are some signs that a women is not likely to respond favorably to you starting a conversation with her?
So there's this girl that I follow on Instagram and she's really pretty. I want to get to know her, should I text her?
What does the perfect relationship look like and how would it function?
How would you feel if your boyfriend/girlfriend have no friends at all?
When does love happen? Why does it happen? I was friends with someone for a long time, “just friends” friends, but then suddenly, out of nowhere, I loved.
Has your boyfriend/girlfriend died in front of you?
How would you know if you’re chatting/talking to your possible boyfriend?
Are girls and boys allowed to date in LNMIIT?
Why would someone make private their relationship status on FB? Especially when you can link to their partner that says married?
Should you split up with your partner if they want you to become Christian?
What would happen if I marry again without divorcing my husband first?
Where can I find someone who is single and who wants to be in a relationship?
What are some things a girl should know about guys?
What makes a man irresistible to you?
Do guys like girls who play guitar?
Im taking a girl out in Birmingham for the day for a date where shall we go as its our 4th date?
What do you like about your ex and still miss?
How should I know how much to compromise in a relationship?
I'm in talks with a potential employer but when ever I talk to him I feel sunken, like someone died. Should I consider this as a signal?
How can you tell if your boyfriend is not in love with you anymore?
Asking my girl to always talk to me, to share everything with me, to care about me and meet frequently is leading to more arguments. What should I do?
If a guy that likes me got mad and blocked me because I didn't reply, does that mean he actually cares or doesn't care about me?
In a fight, I hit my best friend. On Sunday is her birthday dinner, to which she uninvited me. She said that we could talk next week. What should I do?
After one year apart from a borderline ex-gf, is there any chance that we can rekindle our relationship?
My girlfriend is constantly in debt and I am always dragging her out. How do I help?
Does my crush like me back? If so, what should I do next?
How are Odia guys? Do they like northern girls?
How are so many men able to trick women with false promises of marriage or a long-term relationship, given that it's the oldest trick in the book?
Did he friendzone me? He said "For as long as we stay friends."
What does it mean when a guy stares and smiles at you while you are out together?
Can we marry an unsettled guy for whom we may have to compromise our own career?
Is it okay for a boy to date a girl if they are one year apart (age wise) but 3 grades apart? (The guy is the older one.)
What should I do? He confessed his love to me, but each time he was drunk and called me the next day just to apologize for saying all that.
How do I control my insecurity and jealousy over my girlfriend?
What do girls think about one-sided lovers? Do girls actually feel sympathatic for them or just creepy?
My wife said she love me but she said she don't believe in herself, what can I do?
Who is Alexa Bliss sleeping with in the WWE, because her wrestling skills suck but she keeps being the champ?
Is kissing her on the forehead after asking her out a good thing to do?
If my friend sneakily clicks some pictures of me, what are the laws that I can use for complaining against him?
Do you ever get rid of a narcissistic ex?
My ex-friend said very homophobic things, and now that I'm calling her out on it, she's telling everyone I'm lying. What should I do?
How does a girl flirt over text?
How do I know she is not proud of me?
Do outgoing guys get scared of talking to girls they like, and does staring without looking away indicate attraction?
What should I say when I'm calling a girl on Skype that I like? I'm nervous.
Do you guys like fat babes?
What's the best method of getting girls?
Is it unreasonable to dislike someone who likes your former crush?
My boyfriends dad doesn't like me at all. How should I handle this?
Should I call up my 28yr old son's work & tell them how much of a loser, thief & a liar he is so that he can learn? Would that make me a bad person?
My boyfriend cursed me because we have little misunderstanding, can I marry that kind of person?
What are the questions you want to ask a guy when you are going to marry him?
Is it unfair for me to ask my flatmate to at least tell me when she has guests?
How can I trust my partner?
How did the fat guy drink a bottle of water in one second?
What is your advice to partners of porn actors worried about their ability to satisfy him/her knowing he/she has had experiences with professionals?
One of my friends likes a boy. He knows, and when I joked and said "Oh, he totally likes you," he seemed a bit bothered by it. Should I do anything?
What can I do if a girl doesn't want to get more attached to me now as this will hurt her in the future?
How do I get "unstuck" in my thinking that no one will want to be in a relationship with me because I am fat?
A guy I used to like passed away by suicide, I think I like a new guy but he painfully looks like the guy that passed away, how do I handle this?
As a Muslim parent, will you allow your underage girl to get married to a man much older than she is?
Do you think you would have fallen in a strong love if you never met your spouse?
What are some interesting topics or things to do on a date to the park & library?
Why do you think Princess Diana chose to date Muslim men as the last 2 romantic relationships of her life?
Is it OK to marry a girl that has slept with men too many times?
What should I do when a relationship becomes complicated?
How regularly do girls get dirty messages and how do they respond?
How do I get over my boyfriend who left me because I have cancer?
I cursed a girl I know out on Facebook Messenger. She didn't reply, but she didn't delete me or unfriend me. What does this mean?
What does it mean when your friend asks the guy you're talking to what he thinks about you and he says it's different?
Can a distance relationship be productive?
How long should you wait after ending a relationship, before dating again?
Why is there this one girl that I can't seem to stop being interested in?
How can I just be friends with a girl I love with whom I was once in a relationship?
Would it ever be okay to ask someone out that you've already asked out before?
I feel for a girl but currently she is in a relationship, but the time spent with me makes me sure she has feelings for me, what should I do?
Should I talk again to my ex-boyfriend and sort things out?
My ex boyfriend told my friend (when he was drunk) he was with me only for sex. How can somebody act they're in love, just to get what they want?
How do I get my ex out of my mind?
How should I hate my ex-boyfriend whom I still love?
All my life, I never received any female attention. Suddenly this girl starts getting attached to me for no reason. But I don't feel anything. Why?
Is it true all men cheat? As a man, does this statement offend you? As a woman, would you end your relationship over cheating?
How do I stop fanstasizing about my ex and move on?
How can I approach someone who doesn't know me?
Why do you want to love a person who loves you like hell?
Could my girlfriend have gotten trichomoniasis from me even though I have not had intercourse with anyone else but her?
If you break up with someone but they keep in touch, what does this mean?
What’s the best method for getting girls?
I fell hard for someone I only dated for 1 month. He dumped me after sex. Now, I often see him in our small town. How do I get over it? It's been almost 6 months.
How can a guy after breakup prevent being attracted to anyone?
How is it to date a bisexual girl who is already in a relationship with another girl?
Is liking guys who are loners, smart and have no life, bad?
My ex-boyfriend of 7 years dumped me. Now he sent indirect messages showing he still cares. I want to move on but I’m confused. What should I do?
I am talking online to a man for marriage and have fallen for him before even seeing him in person. Does he love me?
I told someone yesterday something I had never told anyone before. Is it weird that instead of feeling lighter and happier I feel heavier?
I told my brother I wish he would die in a car crash because he has choked me multiple times and he called me a horrible person. Am I?
What is it like to date someone like your mum's age?
I have a boyfriend but I flirted with another guy. Should I tell him?
Why would a girl who rejected me be offended if I asked out another girl?
I've asked a couple girls to prom but gotten rejected both times. How many girls should I ask before I give up?
Why does a guy keep talking bad about his online dates?
What should I do if a girl controls me sexually?
I have a friend who wants to cut. Should I stop him or encourage him?
What does it mean when a girl says no to your proposal, but still stays in contact with you?
A couple weeks ago I asked a girl out over text message, and she said she'll let me know when she is free. She never did. What does this mean?
Why is it so hard to attract a woman?
How can I be less anxious in my relationship? And how can I learn to take a step back and let them take control?
Why can’t I insult someone when I know he is making a fool of me? Is he doing wrong or is he trying to manipulate me?
What will a girlfriend feel when a boy has a closed penis?
I'm madly in love with someone, who's using me & confessed it too, but I'm unable to accept it. What should I do?
Why and how could someone who says that he or she loves you break up with you the very next day?
There is a girl that stares at me constantly in class. Does she like me?
Is it okay to stay in a marriage just for the benefits if you're dating someone else who you say you love and want a future with?
How can I get him to feel comfortable and regain his trust when I broke his heart and rejected in the worst possible way?
My guy friend told me to ignore a guy I like (likes me too) on WhatsApp to check if he is serious and really wants me. Is it true?
What would you do if you had told a girl that you would marry her and later your parents won't agree to the marriage?
How do I get my sister to pay me a huge amount of money that she owes me because she doesn't want to pay up?
What was your relationship with your boyfriend like in the beginning?
Why did my crush look at me, as if he were searching for something on my demeanor, when I passed by him?
How do I know if a girl is a virgin without asking her uncomfortable questions?
What do girls think about cars?
Is he into me when he has an intense look at me and smiles constantly when I'm with him, but usually talks way more about himself than about me?
Will my future wife get mad if I buy her lingerie and ask her to wear it on Valentine's Day?
Is an honest approach a good way to get with a girl?
Is it ok to go on a date with two different people?
Why can't I stop thinking about my male friend, even when I'm not romantically interested in him?
Just because I am helpless, is it fair to call me a negative guy?
What if your citation is dated wrong?
How do you know if someone was ever a boy if she doesn't have a penis?
In Japanese culture, how long does dating take until the woman is ready to get physical?
Why would a guy want to know my thoughts on what kind of father he would be?
What are some things that guys find attractive in a girl?
Does the success of rich men dating websites conclusively prove that the majority of women are gold diggers?
What does it mean when a guy asks you when are you going to get married?
What do I do if I get mixed feelings when my boyfriend of 6 months who loves me touches me?
What's your SWOT analysis on yourself as a potential dating partner?
We've been together for 4 years and it's quite late that I've found out that he had been chatting with his ex during our first 2 years. Should I get angry?
Is it okay to be single when you're​ 21? The last time I dated someone was a year ago. I am even getting worse at flirting and making friends.
How do you make a guy friend like you?
He is seeing someone else. I can't take this pain. Why has my narcissistic husband abandoned me and made no contact?
Why are my brothers disrespecting my girlfriend?
I had been so much in love with this guy from college for several months. He insulted me very rudely on our graduation trip. Why would he do that?
What can I do or say to get him back with the same amount of hurt as he has hurt me?
What is the worst relationship advice you can ever give?
I really want to ask this girl I met recently to go to prom. I knew her since I was 12 but lost touch over the years. Should I ask? (Prom is on June 28.)
Is there a way to get back your ex of 10 years after they've moved on from a breakup? I'm heartbroken and still crazy in love.
How do I decline an invitation from my brother's girlfriend?
How do I calm my best friend when she's crying like "wooah," and she won’t tell me the reason either?
How can I confirm the BITSAT test date? My initial date is tomorrow, but I’ve requested it for the 30th.
What is the best way to make yourself want to be single and be happy while single when you long for a serious relationship?
I am in a new relationship with a friend two weeks after ending a 4 year relationship. I am much more happier and at ease. Is there hope?
Does Kritika Negi have a boyfriend?
She betrayed me, but still she wants to be with me, but she also loves him. What should I do?
Is it healthy to want to be in a relationship with someone despite the lack of feelings towards them?
A guy I used to date and who said he loves me acts depressed when I see him out. Why?
Is it wrong that it makes me mad when people say "She's in a better place"? What does that say about me?
Why girls don't want to have sex with me?
How can someone be so loving, kind, sweet for 5 months then just decide they don't want to talk to you anymore? I'm so hurt.
How do I deal with my ex's anger? How should I tell him to stop harassing me?
Coming from a broken home family and kind of cheated on once and surrounded by people in infidelity, what should I do to believe in love again?
Why do I want to have someone to love as a boyfriend or husband if I am only 13?
How can I do a break-up?
Is it a confidence builder to go for a girl who's out of your league?
Can you get your ex back after a worse breakup?
What shall I do to get my crush back?
Why would my ex boyfriend add me on Facebook?
Why don't I have a girlfriend? I am a nice guy with a great job, but I don't have the gift of looks.
Why would a guy say he's not interested in a girl, when his actions say otherwise?
Which are the best exercises for overall growth of the body of a 15-year-old boy?
How do I convince my best friend to leave her boyfriend? Both say they love each other but keep fighting every minute and it's ruining her life and career.
How do I write a conversation between girl and a boy who meet for the first time through a common friend? (they meet in a coffee shop)
How do I make a relationship with a cheater work out?
What was dating like in the 80s & 90s as compared to now?
If a man is willing to do anything regardless of ethics, can we say he has no bottom line?
Why does a man talk about other women he has been involved with or still want him to a woman he is dating?
Why is it that no matter how nice others treat me or flirt with me, I always go back to my first crush?
Should I promise my girlfriend marriage in the future?
How do people rationalize that they're not in a bad relationship when they're in a bad relationship?
What does it mean if a guy always favor a girl?
Do you still miss your ex habit and what are those?
What would be your reply if someone you loved said, 'Hmmm' when you really wanted to speak more?
I currently met this girl we both like each other but she always expects me to communicate with her first, what should I do to draw her attention?
What did Sarita Nair mean when she said in the solar panel scam case 'Show me one politician who has not slept with me'?
Is it possible to have a good friends with benefits relationship with someone you once dated, or will feelings (jealousy, attachment, etc) arise again?
She used to be pretty responsive over my messages but these days she just reads, why?
After one year of being in a relationship, my boyfriend confessed to me that he has a drinking problem. How can I help him?
How many times do you go out with someone before having sex?
What is the most tell tale sign that you’re involved with a convert narcissist in a relationship?
How can I know if she likes me or not? When I talk to her she just smiles and looks away she doesn't say anything.
Why does my new boyfriend avoid me when we finally have alone time together?
If you got to know your wife was cheating on you while you guys were dating, what will you do?
Why do girls avoid their female classmates?
My girlfriend is jealous of my female best friend. What should I do?
An American girl wants to marry a Pakistani guy and wants to move to Pakistan. Is it a good idea?
Is safe flirting liberating for women?
Is it possible to get someone back who was deeply in love with you?
How do you end a relationship with somebody that you don't hate but just not physically attracted to anymore?
What is wrong when an Aquarius girl suddenly ignores me?
Can a 13 year old be in love with a 22 year old guy?
Do your partner's facial features sometimes bother you? Is it normal?
How do I overcome a girl who ditched me in love?
I kind of like this girl, but I don't know if she likes me. How can I ask her without embarrassing myself?
How can I make my girlfriend to love me again after she moved on with her first love?
I'm trying to move on from my best friend who has a boyfriend but I can't, what should I do?
How do you win back your beloved when she appears to care nothing about you?
Is it ok to stay with a good man if I'm not in love? I function better with him.
How do I have a good relationship if my girlfriend and I are shy when we are near each other?
Is it ok to cheat if you're forced to stay in a relationship because your partner pulled the suicide card when you tried to end things?
I am socially awkward with girls. How can I change that?
I'm in a relationship, but I'm starting to like another guy. What should I do?
What if my girlfriend wants her ex back but she can't say it?
How can a guy approach a girl if he catches her staring and suddenly looking away when he caught her staring?
How do you get a guy to be interested in seeing you again?
How would the dating scene be affected if people took a reverse ageing drug and started getting younger?
Why is my ex apologizing after all the hurtful things he said to me a few days ago?
Why do guys call girls babe?
Why do girls gossip about it to their friends after they reject a guy?
What shows that you still love your partner after so many years of staying together?
Is cooking a man's or a woman's job?
What do you do if no one asks you out?
Why don't I feel happy for a friend who has a girlfriend?
Why do they like me but don’t come closer?
Is it a good idea to tell your life partner about your old lover?
Should I text this girl, or wait a few months to meet her?
Should I give my crush a lift?
Is asking a girl out in a big way a good idea to get her to say yes?
Is it bad that I do nothing to stop my brother from doing sex regularly with his girlfriend in our house?
Should I continue to date him?
Me and my boyfriend were together for three years but he proposed to another girl. He is begging for one last chance. Should I give him a last chance?
On WhatsApp how do you know if your boyfriend has another secret person he is talking to?
How will you appease your customer if he was late getting the cab and paid for it but is now asking for a refund?
Is it true that behind every beautiful girl there is a friendzoned DSLR guy?
"Oh no! She's upset! Let me give her time too cool off." Why are all guys like that?
Is modern day dating completely hopeless?
What does it mean when a man says he can feel a woman from a distance?
My best guy friend is younger than me, and I like him, but we'll be in different schools next year. Should I tell him?
How do narcissists respond, when confronted by a supplier's partner? Would she be more likely to deny it and say we are just friends or be boastful?
If a girl knows a guy likes her but she doesn't tell him she has a boyfriend, is that leading him on or being dishonest?
What are the signs that a female is just passing time with you?
How do you get a Japanese guy to like a Chinese girl?
How do you get the player type of man to commit when he’s reaching that point of change?
I’m going out of town for a few days and I just got two kittens. If I leave a lot of food and water will they be okay?
Is it crazy to ask my boyfriend if he's in it for the long haul?
How do I know he's the right guy to marry?
As part of an arranged marriage proposal, I was talking to the guy for the last 4 months. Only now he tells me he doesn't have any feelings for me. What should I do?
How do I reach out to a recent relationship without seeming needy?
Why does my ex who dumped me cry when I call her?
I am deeply in love with a guy that is 2 years younger than me. What does that say about me?
What can I do about my brother’s ex, who won't leave my grandma's house?
After months of silence, why would a girl congratulate me?
A boy is extracting my information from different sources. He is not safe. I don't know him. What should I do?
Why hasn't the guy I'm dating contact me ever since he went to his country?
When you're already in a relationship how do you know you're in love with that person?
Why do some people always expect me to greet them all the time, girls or even fellas, is that a demonstration of power or self importance?
How can a guy increase his flirting skills?
How do I make a girl ready for sex?
Why does the guy I’m dating regard me as bossy?
How easy or difficult is it for a 30-year-old woman to remarry in India after a divorce from a marriage of 6 to 7 years?
What makes any guy, narcissist or psychopath, decide whom to victimize, if it’s a man or a woman?
Why do girls always like you when you're taken?
What does it mean when your bf keeps asking you to be intimate?
A friend wants me to meet a girl to date, but I think she is too fat. How can I exit this nicely?
A poem from 13 Reasons Why asks, “How many circles can I walk in before I give up looking? How long before I’m lost for good?” What does this mean?
How do I make a melody that never gets old?
Do you believe in the dating process?
Is offensive name calling normal in a relationship? To me, it hurts and I don't know how to explain what I feel.
How do “no strings attached relationships” work?
Does a break up between two friends hurt more than a break up between a romantically engaged couple?
When is it too young for girls to have sex?
My guy friend is in love with me and I don't feel the same. What should I do?
Is it wrong to hide your real age from your classmates?
What innocuous behavior deterred you from dating someone?
Me and my ex were together for 5 years. I started to take her for granted and she dumped me. Do you think it made me a bad boyfriend?
Is it a good idea to talk to your ex before getting married?
What will a girlfriend need from me?
How do I transition from being single to being in a relationship with someone?
I prefer not to have sex, should I say this before the first date?
How can I know if my wife loves me for real?
Whom would you choose: your present partner or the same partner who time traveled to you by realizing her mistake of breaking up which happens later?
What's with a man who has had 4 dates with me and says he wants to see me again soon but doesn't talk or text me during the week?
What are the best ways to propose to a girl in a dramatic way or a film-like style?
Do you think I should just tell him what I want?
Should I take back my ex after he cheated for almost four months and says he is sorry?
Why do men who are in bad relationships, or who have never met a dream girl, insist that single women are flawed? How does that make sense?
What is the best poetry I can send to a girl that I like?
Why would a man who I know liked me, but is damaged from a divorce/ex and not relationship ready, care if he is my rebound or not?
What is the relationship called that is more than friendship and less than love?
If a girl shows a guy her private parts on the second date, does that mean she is easy?
Is the guy into you if he tells you his entire day daily?
My gf's roommate told me she is talking to her colleague on phone for hours, do I have to worry?
I just got engaged last month. It's an arranged thing. How do I know if she likes me or some other guy?
Why does a woman fall in love with a man after they have sex?
Should I marry a good person even if I am not in love with him?
Who want to text me?
My girlfriend just told me that in the last 1.5 years of our relationship she had orgasm only 1 time. Is it my fault?
How does feminism approach the mainstream convention of men having to approach women to date and/or partake in other fun activities?
Can a girl knock a guy out by a kick in the balls?
What should I do to figure out if he will take a chance with me?
Can a damaged, BPD girl ever truly be loved and liked for real?
Is there any book on Wattpad where the girl is crazy for the guy?
Do rapist confess to girlfriends?
As a bisexual female, how do I approach relationships with other women?
What are some of the problematic behaviors in relationship being presented as romantic and/or declaration of love in media?
How do you get mild BPD men to completely detach from a relationship that they believe they control?
Do guys prefer dating girls that have a higher education than themselves as much as girls prefer dating someone that has a higher education than theirs?
What is the simple meaning of, “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
Is it normal if your partner's certain habit irritates you? My girlfriend is a little clingy and it irritates me sometimes. Is that normal?
What does it mean when a guy says I'm cute?
How should you consider your lover?
My boyfriend doesn't help me clean up, pay bills or look after the animals. What can I do to get him to help?
I have a virgin girlfriend, but anytime we kiss or romance, she complains her vagina is tormenting her and then she blacks out. Is this normal?
Should a guy give a make-up kit to his best (girl) friend on her birthday?
Should you split up with your partner if they want you to be Christian but you don't want that?
How do I know if a shy guy might be interested without ever talking to me in general?
Suppose you meet an equally caring person while you are in a relationship. Will you go with this new person?
I asked a girl out in my class and she said maybe. She also gave me her number over Snapchat. What should I do now?
How do I know if he truly loves me even though he cheated on me with his twin brother’s wife? He thought I was cheating, so he did. Does he love me?
What makes someone stay in a narcissistic relationship when they know in their heart that they're in a bad place?
What does it mean when a guy talks about his family upon first meeting?
If I get rejected by a girl, is it ok to pursue her best friend?
Can someone propose a challenge to me?
I was convicted of a sex crime about 5 years ago at 23 and ultimately was charged about 9 months later. It ruined my life. What can I do?
How can I date 2 girls in the same time if they work together?
In Russia, how would you say "you're cute" to a girl, and how would you say "you're cute" to a boy?
Why do older men mostly look better than younger men?
Does she not love me?
How do we use “she were” and “she was”? Does either work?
I'm trying to connect with him again after a really difficult time, how can I proceed?
Why are some girls uncomfortable with talking to other guys when they have a boyfriend?
Has anyone ever dated a Goth?
Why do people love if they know they will just get hurt? Do they love because they just want to have a child?
How do I know that the person I am going to marry is legal?
Would you ask your date why he/she didn't want to go out again after the second date? What did they say when you asked?
Should I be in a long distance relationship with someone whom I've never met in real life?
When the guy I like showed interest in me, I had a panic attack and rejected him. Now he doesn't want to talk to me. Is there a way to fix this?
She is not talking to her male friends that have feeling for her. I told her I liked her before. Now, she is talking to me again. What is with her?
What should I do to make him feel loved if he's broken and won't open up?
I really like this guy and he's a good friend of mine. But he is in love with this other girl that he is also waiting for. What should I do?
Do you regret breaking up with your boyfriend/girlfriend because of your parents’ pressure? Why?
My wife asked for a divorce and now she's acting all happy. What gives? Why is she acting like this?
Can one crush on someone when he or she has a lover?
What do you think about Poland girls?
How do casual relationships turn exclusive?
What should one do if he/she is treated or kept as an option by a person that he/she loves very much?
Is this correct: "Oh! This melt my heart seeing how much he loves his daughter."?
If girls save your contact as “Life”, what does it mean?
How shall I tell that a girl secretly likes me over text?
What does it mean when your crush always texts you first?
Why do girls flirt with me but don't want to have sex with me?
What are the chances of me getting a mortgage if I have 3 defaults and 1 late payment on my credit file that are 3 years older or more?
If your significant other is fine with you casually flirting with others, what does it imply? Is it out of trust or does it mean something else?
Can someone be my half-girlfriend?
How do know when someone truly loves you?
My friend said that my crush told her that he likes me. Can she be lying?
How can I still be happy even if the guy I really admire busted me because I am not that good looking? I am a discreet bisexual male. No hint at all.
How do I get my (girl) friend back, after I did wrong?
What can a person do so no one likes him anymore?
How did you end your last relationship?
Why would he flirt with other girls in front of me?
Everyone's different but do you think most women become jealous when their partner mentions an old gf or talks to a woman who's just a friend?
I have just ended a 2yr very toxic relationship, we also owned a business together. Why do I feel so sad and hurt so bad when I know it needed to end?
My ex kissed me, called me, told me he misses me, and told me he loves me a month ago. Now he has a new girlfriend. What does this mean?
Why does this guy glancing and staring at me although he knows I've been already taken?
Do girls always want a man with a plan? Do they always look for stability and not happiness?
How does a girl see the wedding night before expreriencing it? How about after? What does she actually want?
What is the psychological dynamic behind (mostly) women who express love and commitment on their first date (after a brief infatuation from afar)?
I found out that a gay person of the opposite sex is interested in me (i.e. they're now bi). What are your suggestions if we become a couple?
It has been over 2 months since I ordered from ColourPop. I have no tracking details whatsoever. What should I do?
Up to what sense is it true that when a person is fed up of his/her family they either study too much or they do some wrong business?
How do I tell a friend/roommate I'm in love with him?
What should someone do to totally end an LDR even though they still love each other so much and have had no problems at all since they started to have an LDR?
How do I find a genuine partner?
Do boys share with their friends about the girl who they like?
Why are people living in Amritsar and Chandigarh so good looking? How can one be like them, if he is an average guy and a Delhiite?
Why have I start thinking I'm lonely after I got friend-zoned?
How much time should I give my Thankeyou host to contact me back?
My girlfriend is 16 years old and a 30 years old man told her that he wants her and all this time we fight and I didnt know the reason. What to do?
How do I ask my ex boyfriend what's really going through his head?
How do you emotionally cope when your ex-narcissist has moved on to more money and a new marriage, and you were left destitute because of him?
Why am I always looking for someone better or different?
How often have you cried because of your significant other?
What should I do if I want my ex back? She dumped me and cheated on me in the past. What should I do?
After how many months the "I'm in love with her" phase turns into "I love her"?
Why is it that when someone popular gets the guy/girl, and the other girl/guy doesn't?
How do I decline an invitation by a girlfriend of my brother?
What is the most desperate thing you have ever done to keep a relationship going?
What is the best way to meet a man?
A girl I know talks to walls, is that bad?
What are some of the best proposal stories you have?
How can I convince my mom to stop being too religious as it is damaging her social and family relations?
What should I talk about with her on a dinner or dinner date?
Why do men love long hair on girls?
When it comes to dating, is self-confidence overrated?
How can you tell when your lady is seeing someone else?
How does my girlfriend block me? Even if I am on her account, I can only see certain things depending on what I open it with.
Whom should one choose between the love of her life or her family, who have loved her for 27 years?
I broke up with my first love after a year and a month. She’s really happy now and I regret what I’ve done, what should I do?
How does a woman flirt with a man without looking desperate?
My tutor always opens the door for me, tells me about his personal life, & seems more like a friend. Do you think he has romantic interest in me?
How do I tell a girl to stop giving signals and I'm not interested in her?
What are the best books on moving on from a relationship that never started?
Why do girls match you on Tinder and, later on, never answer any of your texts? Is it because they are not interested?
What will you do when your superior ignores your feelings because she is busy with computer work?
My girlfriend thinks I should tell her everything that happens in my life whenever they happen. What should I do?
How can I know for sure whether I have high-functioning autism? Mental health pros tell me I very likely do not have it, but I want to confirm that.
Would you walk away from a relationship where the partner has child support arrears?
If I can't get a girlfriend, is it because I'm not trying hard enough?
How can I take a relationship from friend helping friend into love?
My girlfriend loves me but she don't have sexual feelings on me. She cheated on me with her friend. She can't think of me in that way. What can I do?
Can a person who has been single for 20 years open up to be in a long term relationship?
When can an abused victim get over her ex-narcissist completely after she was discarded (in case of a long term relationship, mostly living together)?
What is a good way to recover from blowing the opportunity to ask a girl out?
What does it mean when a guy tells another guy that he’s sexy?
How do I move on if I had no closure? Everytime I try to move on I think of her.
Is moving out but still staying together plausible?
What does it mean when you tell a guy text me or call me later and he never does?
How do you not care when your ex finds someone 'better' than you?
Is telling your date you're bisexual a turn off to them, particularly if they're straight?
Why is it so hard to find a girl on FB who is willing to go out with me?
I found out my boyfriend was cheating on me, and we've decided to stay together. How do I get used to having sex with him again?
How do I realize if I'm in the wrong relationship?
How strong is the desire of a woman around 30-40 to have sex with younger men around 25?
Do girls/women who are attracted to creeps, perverts, etc. exist?
Why did my friend ask me if his girlfriend is attractive?
Why don’t girls understand boys’ true love?
Why does my girlfriend call me pooch?
How can I find my good guy?
During an online game, a 'friend' of mine was mad at me and tried to expose my address in chat. What should I do in regards of him?
Can I marry a girl who is 2 months older than me?
What are the things that impress a girl in a boy?
Do guys thought of marrying their crush (in real life)?
I broke up with my girlfriend a couple days ago, and I miss her. Should I talk to her now?
Is it ever OK to openly tell someone that you are considering dating them just for the sake of experimenting (with relationship styles)?
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and even kissed. Is he interested in me?
Is it wrong for a girl to love a married man?
Now that I know I'm not in love with my husband anymore, is it possible to get that love back?
Is it normal for a 32-year-old man to have been dumped by 28 women?
People ask me if I'm a lesbian and I tell them yes, but I do also like guys just not in an intimate way. What does this mean?
How do I repair the relationship with my sister after I said some very mean and abusive things out of anger?
What is the benefit of having a girlfriend?
Do some older men (married) fantasize about much younger women?
My husband has admitted that he sometimes feels contempt for me. I feel it. Can this be overcome and can we return to a strong relationship?
What makes you fall in love with someone and how do you know if it's love?
Do Leo women come back after breakups?
How do I get over being in love with my best friend for 9 months? When I try to take time away to get over her, she keeps resisting.
What is the best experience about crush that trolls you like hell?
Does he really like me? His friends say he does but he denys it when I ask if it's true.
My sister is very stupid. She is a very dominating asshole. What do I do to get rid of her?
Who loves first, boys or girls?
How should a mother go about suggesting a woman to her son that she thinks will be good for him to be with?
What is the best thing to do when he says he thinks it's time to stop seeing each other?
If the pimp gives you the option to choose girls who are totally HIV negative, he genuinely wants your safety. Would you give him repeat business?
There's this guy who likes me and I like him too, but he has a girlfriend though he said things are ending between them. What should I do?
Are awkward silences when dating bad? How do I avoid them?
What does the convict ask Pip to bring him?
Does my ex's brother want more than just our friendship if he asked me how I feel about him?
Given the opportunity, would a man worth his salt like to romance an unlimited number of girls or a single girl in his lifetime?
Statistically what are the chances of finding "the one" then having a relationship with that person that lasts?
How do I shock a person with ASPD who believes he has me under control? How can I prove to him that I know what he is without being frank about it?
Is it wrong to show great affection to my friend who is a girl?
My boyfriend's ex GF got an abortion while we were dating. Is it ok to be upset?
Can I marry an orphan girl in Delhi?
What would you ask a matchmaker?
Why am I always interested in girls that aren't interested in me?
A friend is having his wedding in the US and he wants me to attend. He is ready to sponsor my visa. What all documents should I ask from him?
Have you ever been hoovered by an ex narcissistic girlfriend?
What is a rejection to you, any kind of rejection, professional or personal?
Is it a good idea to tell your partner that you cheated?
About 15 years ago I woke up and heard the name Lou Corrigan spoken in my mind very distinctly, almost audibly. Why would that happen?
I'm in love with a girl. What's the next step?
How can I forget about a girl I am madly in love with but doesn't feel the same?
Is it normal to have a crush on a girl you met just three days ago?
My son told me today he wants to be a Boy Scout. He is 8. I am an atheist and I value gay rights. What should I do?
What should you do if the girl you asked out thinks you are going out as friends?
What does it mean when my crush is lusting me?
If you lived as a female acrobat would you have been successful at making good first impressions and why?
I saw a girl 4 times at a theme park but I didn't talk to her. I can't forget her, I think about her all the time. What should I do?
Do you feel everyone cheats in relationships? If so, why?
How do you cope with an ex contacting your mother?
Why would a man say you’re in his heart but wants to go out and flirt with other girls?
Is a man genuinely interested in a woman if he says he crazily loves her but tacitly avoids meeting in real life and brings up excuses on this pretext?
Should I believe her when she says "It's not you, it's me"?
Do fangirls of creepypasta love them in a relationship way?
Is it right to tell a person that you unfriended him/her?
What is the best method you tried in order to get over a breakup?
What should you do if you fall in love with your best friend's crush and you know that he loves you back but he doesn't confess it? He doesn't love her.
I think my best friend may have a crush on me but I don't feel the same. What do I do?
Are girls more likely to be interested in a guy who's never had a girlfriend before?
Which places could be really nice to meet your date for the first?
What’s wrong with me? Do I have anxiety? (I’m a 17-year-old guy.)
Why would you not talk to someone who you know really likes you and who is a kind person inside?
What does it mean when a guy doesn't change in front of you?
If I approach and talk to a girl and she seems uncomfortable around me, is it my fault or is she just shy?
How can I make my husband to love me back after he caught me cheating on him?
One of my best friends pretends that she can't remember my important details. What does she want me to understand?
Is it normal for a boy to have curves like a girl?
How should I treat my ex-girlfriend after breaking up?
When should I give up on my girlfriend?
Why do interviewers always say that they will give me an answer before a specific date, but most of the time I never hear from them again?
Why is my ex-boyfriend and his new girlfriend stalking me?
My boyfriend has a really bad home environment. He is lovely at times, but would scream at me everytime I did something wrong. What should I do?
Would a guy mind dating a girl smarter than him?
How do you move on and get over someone who you like, but shows no interest in you?
Should me and this girl text a lot before I ask her out?
Why would he fight so hard for us and beg for me back, professing he's never been more sure of anything, and then leave me?
Would you ever consider visiting a guy you met online and is from out of state?
Is it fair to reject girls on a dating site simply because she's pregnant (or in my case, not pregnant)?
Is it fair for me to ask my partner to cut off contact with her former casual hook-up/friend with benefits?
Can you offer me some advice on asking a girl out on a date?
I am almost 14 and I like a guy who is way older than me. What should I do?
Should I stop begging my boyfriend to marry me and find somebody else?
I'm 14 and why don't I find girls as attractive as I used to?
Can I ask out a girl who my friend asked out, not knowing I liked her? She told him she would think about it, but she acts uninterested. She hints for me to ask her out.
For the second time in my life, I have fallen in love with the wrong person. What should I do?
What is wrong with me if want to be injured?
When the female narcissist is cheating, how does she feel?
I just dumped my man because I'm not sure if he still has feelings for his kids mother. Did I overreact?
Should I tell my best female friend that I love her before she moves to Bangalore for high school?
How can you tell if a guy just spends time with you to be nice?
Is it wrong for a girl to propose to a guy she likes?
How could I date Chloe Moretz as a poor dude?
How long should I wait to see if my parents ever come around and accept my choice about my partner?
Can a pair who betray their spouses and leave them to be together sustain their relationship for long & how can they trust knowing they both cheated?
What does it mean if a guy says "I like you too, you're a great friend" after you tell him you like him?
What should I do if I still like a guy who is 39 years old and I am 29 years old? Is there a future for us, in the sense that can I marry him as he is my ex?
Is it normal for a 32 year old man to have been dumped by 28 women?
How do you deal with a son that you did a lot of things together for several years and then he gets a girlfriend and has nothing to do with you now?
Why do I dream of my first incomplete love after a regular interval even if I never think about her and had moved on?
What signs do you use to find out if a girl/boy likes you?
Do most women see me as a loser because I have no dating or relationship experience?
Should women pay the entire bill at the first date?
Would it be possible for me to find a future girlfriend that would love to financially support me via Internet dating/online dating?
How is it possible to meet some one 11 years ago and still think about them with out contact?
There's girl whom I like she daily comes to the park but the problem is she comes with a lady, how should I approach her?
What did Chandler mean when he said, "I think it just fell off" to Janice?
A girl who has never gone out with a guy before wants to be friends with me. What do guys think of this?
If a man is grabbing you by the hips and shaking them while he stands over you, is he possibly "steadying you" if you aren't hysterical, just silent?
Can one marry another woman if they have the consent of their first wife?
How do I get my man back?
Why are there more breakups nowadays?
I'm pretty sure I'm straight but I feel more comfortable with pleasuring girls than boys. Am I bisexual?
Has anyone never gotten over an ex years after the break up?
What are the perks of marrying a village girl?
Why did my crush giggle at me when he saw I was the one taking a picture for him and my friend?
Should I make her my ex or make her my friend?
Does he love me if he calls me daily?
During my childhood, I had a lack of love, and now I am 21 and struggling to trust others and show affection. What can I do?
Why do guys fail to reply on marriage portals when messaged?
Over which topics should a couple in a relationship talk about?
Is it ethical for someone to take something back after some time if you were told to keep it for free?
Should I still be around my boyfriend if he's beginning to act weird?
What does it mean when you kiss a girl and later she tells you that she was expecting to feel something but she didn't feel anything?
How can you tell if a stranger (guy) is sexually attracted to you?
Why are girls so serious?
What is the best way to catch your boyfriend on online dating?
I’m a 26-year-old introverted woman. How do I make a guy like me?
What qualities are considered by modern Indonesian men when it comes to marriage?
What do I do when a guy I met online today keeps saying he loves me?
How can you tell if an autistic guy likes you?
How is it like to marry a Moroccan lady?
Why can't I marry a guy whose parents aren't ready?
Is it possible that my boyfriend has chances of death because I'm mangy?
My son was put on juvenile probation, now his father wants him to come live with me in another state, how can I get him transferred here with me?
As an Indian child, how did/will you react to the fact that your parents don't love each other and are dating other people while still married?
My girlfriend and I were making out. I was kissing close to her cleavage, but when my hand went near her boobs she told me “not boobs”? What might be the reason?
As an INFJ woman, how can I stand the fact that my ENTP boyfriend thinks he always wins any discussion even though my arguments are more logical?
How come guys promise some things, but never mean it? It hurts, you know?
How can I get back my best friend if she isn't talking to me because she is in love with my boyfriend?
Would ladies rather date a doctor or a Google engineer?
Have you ever been in a relationship which was supposed to be perfect but after a point you felt helpless and unsure?
In a relationship, should the guy or the girl call more often?
How can a woman flirt? What are the best phrases and actions?
What do you do when a girl leads you on and you can't get over her?
What do you think of the Kerala sage who raped a girl for 8 years who castrated him? Do you think what she did was right?
Is it worth having sex with a 25 year old man as a 40 something year old woman? What do you think the drawbacks could be?
Is it normal when I say I love my GF but I like some other girl's qualities more than my GF’s?
Why does she call me her “gay best friend” even if I'm straight?
What are the signs a guy is interested in dating me?
What's it like to live in Darwin, Australia, for a single, 30-year-old guy?
Is a Leo girl good for an Aquarian boy?
How do you make a girl fall for you in a long distance?
What shall I do if my bestfriend, a girl, likes my crush and she knows I like him too?
My son is worried about WW3. What should I tell him?
How do I deal with guys who act good but are bad in the inside?
What would you do if a girl threatens to kill herself unless you marry her?
There's a guy who has a crush on me but he flirts with another girl just to get my attention. What should I do?
Can I find a man who appreciates me? (I'm a woman)
Why do tights feel so good on me? I am a guy.
How can I spoil the marriage of my boyfriend with another lady?
How do I tell a beautiful perfectionist girl, that she is great?
Why do love and feelings fade away in a relationship that one thought would never end?
When speaking Japanese, don't you feel weird using the word kanojo (she or girlfriend)?
Why does he act like he likes me but ignores me?
Does a girl like it when a guy shakes their hand when greeting them? Is it attractive to be outgoing in this sense?
Date told me "you are too skinnny" on our second date. Why did he decide to date me in the first place if he doesn't like my body type?
Having a really difficult time getting over a married girl that I was in a relationship with. How can I get over her?
Honestly, I'm at a loss. I don't know what to do this summer. I just wanna get out of the house. What are your suggestions?
Does Trump think that he can rule like an old king did, and have only his blood relatives around him? Isn’t this undemocratic?
What are some traits older women find attractive about a younger man?
What happens if a man refuses to leave women alone after he is rejected by them?
I was having sex with my girlfriend and my ex randomly popped into my head. I feel really guilty. Is this normal? Should I tell her?
If a guy is 5'11" tall and the girl is 5 feet, where will she reach up to on the guy?
Why is it very difficult to find a good wowan?
I’m married to a narcissist and was advised to do the grey rock thing, but it's killing me. When should I do this, and when should I not?
Would you date a guy with a vasectomy? Why or why not? Does it change the game knowing you're dating with no notion of the possibility of kids.
He is not over his ex and want to stay friends with me? What should I do?
What do you say to a lady when you're a half an hour late on your first date?
I am seeing a shy guy. After our date we haven't had a normal phone call or a continuous text conversation as before. Is he giving me space?
My girlfriend broke up with me but after my achievements she wants to come back. What should I do?
Do male friends sexually exploit their female friends without being in love with them, and having no plans for marriage? Is he even a friend? Is he using her?
How do you recover from a long-term relationship? He dumped me. I'm really upset and lost.
I’m turning 17 this year, what are the tips or suggestions for me?
How do I get over the fear of never being romantically loved?
Why is it a girl suddenly becomes interested in a guy that has lost interest in her?
How can I get some dignity and respect for myself by not going after somebody who doesn't want to be with me?
Can I message a guy that's ignoring me?
Why is a dowry regarded as a curse whereas girls looking for rich guys is normal and not a crime?
How do you deal with someone you've wronged twenty years ago but still hates you?
Why does she stare at me, as if she likes me, but when I text her she talks like a stranger?
How is the life of a lady military officer in India? Do lady officers even consider civilian guys for dating?
Why did I get so much joy out of seeing my crush working two cash registers down from me yesterday afternoon?
Which is the worst scenario, a boy staring at a girl he knows, from afar with a blank expression or a boy talking and flirting with a girl he knows?
One time, I read a very detailed sex scene on the Internet, and somehow, it made me feel like crying. Can you tell me why that might be?
We are just 14 years old. What are the best tips for me to have a long and happy relationship with my girl best friend?
I confessed my feelings to my friend (both 21) but he likes me as a friend. Yet he has been talking and acting normally like nothing happened. Why?
Should I tell a guy that I'm in love with him even though I have been ignoring him for a few days because he mocked me in front of our friends?
What do I do if I'm too insecure to let someone who's interested in me get to know me?
How can I get my boyfriend’s phone records or read his texts?
My crush is into my best friend. What should I do?
I love Shawn Mendes but I want to hate him. I have seen that most of my emotional issues are because of him. What should I do?
Can I tell my boyfriend who he can and can't talk to?
What does it mean when a girl who friendzoned you suddenly becomes interested in you?
Is it true that men are sexually attracted to most of their female friends?
If a woman agrees to have sex with a man only if he wears a condom and he removes it without her knowing and against her will, does this become rape?
I'm in a relationship, but I'm starting to like another boy. What do I do?
Is it ok to text a girl you had falling out with?
How do I get back a girl for a chat online, who used to encourage my flirtatious remarks and now not responding to even regular messages?
Do you consider yourself a romantic guy?
What should I do if a girl flirts with me?
A girl wants to fistfight me. What do I do if I am a boy?
Should I stay married to a guy who has a really bad drinking problem, and doesn't want to get help for it?
How does it feel when you come to know that your girlfriend has another boyfriend?
Why do girls always succeed in gaining their love but boys don't succeed?
Why do most Indian girls look for well-settled boys, even though these girls are not well-settled themselves?
What is the best way to break up with my boyfriend of 6 months?
My son just got engaged to a lovely girl, but her mother is terrible. What do I do?
Today, some acquaintances told me there are weird vibes about me and that I can come across as creepy. Why is that?
I’ve been talking to this guy for about three months, but I have noticed that he still talks to other girls. Should I ask him where we are going? Is it too soon?
A 4-year-old innocently told me that I'm going to die, out of nowhere. Should I be alarmed? She said she'd be sad, and people go to heaven after they die.
Without spoiling anything, do you figure out who the gossip girl is?
Should I marry an underaged girl?
How can I pick up African girls easily?
Do you think you make a great partner for a relationship?
How do get close to a guy you like, even if they probably don't like you as anything more than a friend?
How do you make your crush laugh without talking to her?
How do you keep the spice in a relationship without taking it too far/fast?
What is love like from a guy's perspective?
Your boyfriend asks you to drop the people who don't like him, although they are your main support. Does it sound controlling or is it expected?
What does it mean when someone says “either this guy has no game or is simply not interested”? What does it mean, “he has no game”?
When is the right time to ask someone if he/she wants to be in a relationship without getting rejected?
What do you do when people think you and the guy you like are dating because you hangout all the time?
Why did my crush leave me on read when I sent him a text, even though he stares at me and tries to get close to me?
How do you break up with someone without hurting them?
Are my standards considered high even though I have never dated before?
How do I ask my girlfriend for physical relations?
How can I find out if my fiance is engaging in live sex videos when he hides everything?
What are some subtle ways I can know if a girl is interested?
How can you get to know the feelings of a girl for you, whether she loves you as only a friend or as someone special? How should you approach her?
Would Baywatch be a good first date movie? My date likes comedies, and I’m planning dinner and a movie.
Do guys like it when a girl wears their hoodie?
She broke up with me. How do I use my sorrow into something useful, rather than thinking about those days?
What can an Indian daughter do if her parents are not ready to give money for her higher education because they want to marry her off?
How would a narcissist respond to being confronted by a "supplier's" partner?
Where can I find more information about a rare heart condition called "Brugada Syndrome"? I found out I have it after my mum was diagnosed two years ago.
Is it illegal for a boy between the ages of 13 and 16 to allow a girl the same age to touch his genitals in the state of Connecticut?
What's the risk of asking somebody out who's in a relationship, other than them rejecting you?
My daughter broke up with her first boyfriend. She's heartbroken, I don't know what to do. Is there anything I can do?
What would be the feeling of a 30 year old Indian (male or female) never having a relationship or any other sexual activities otherwise?
How do I impress girls sexually?
How do impress my ex-girlfriend?
What does it mean when a guy says that you have the sweet look and a killer smile?
How can I forget someone who touched and kissed me for the first time in my life?
What would make you marry a woman who does not want kids?
What can me and my lesbian girlfriend do for my 39th birthday?
So now I've been loving a girl in our school, but I am too scared to tell her my feelings as it might ruin our friendship. What shall I do?
My advisor told me I am fired. Should I continue working with him?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked me how I was doing?
How do men meet women?
What should a 25-year-old girl do if she doesn't know what she wants to do in life?
Is it unusual that I at 18 only "hook up" with women that are, say, 30-45 years old?
How can she think it’s OK to send her child to gay conversion camp?
A girl continuously messages me in WhatsApp. How can I know whether the girl is interested in me?
Is it wrong to date someone you don't love for the sake of having knowledge and experience?
Why would my sister’s boyfriend have a picture of a dick on his phone?
Have you ever had feelings for someone who was in a relationship? How did that go?
I'm starting to date somebody. Should I delete my online dating accounts?
What could be some things wrong with a woman who stays with a man who cheats on her to get out of the relationship?
Do girls love it when boys go down on them?
This girl says stuff to me like "you should take me skating" and "Friday is the best night to go out". Are these signs that she wants me to ask her out?
My boyfriend wants to get married and I don't. How do I explain to him that not being married doesn't mean I don't want to commit?
How do I start feeling worthy of a girl’s love?
My boyfriend told me that he feels lonely because I don't understand him. What can I do to "understand" him and help him to get rid of his loneliness?
What should I do if I am not in love with someone who is madly in love with me? We dated and it did not go too well.
How do I know if a guy likes me through texting?
How can I know if a player is serious about me, knowing that he hinted for marriage and wife material (take into consideration that he is 22)?
Recently I had a breakup, so can I make out with my best friend?
My boyfriend slept with someone else more than once, should I stay with him?
What a girl can do if boyfriend's parents searching bride for him but he is not telling his parents about his 10 years relationship with you?
Is playing a trick necessary in a relationship?
What qualities do women look for dating?
How do you deal with rejection from someone after telling them you are transgender?
When you finally find a girl that likes you, do you not care about all the other girls that rejected you?
How do I tell if my boyfriend has hidden apps on his phone?
Would dating be easier if women took resumes, and posted descriptions describing the relationship, qualifications, etc.?
What is the weirdest thing a girl can say to a boy?
Are women more serious and need company badly if they are on dating apps?
Can you love someone from your childhood?
Is FWB a way that people date nowadays?
It's been 3 years since my boyfriend and I broke up, but now I miss him and I want to talk to him. He is already dating someone. What should I do?
Is it okay for a girl to fall in love with a guy who is 8 years younger than her?
What does it mean when a girl I met on Tinder tells me she is not ready for a relationship and dating?
Do indian girls like to date a car guy?
How do I refuse his proposal without hurting him?
Is it fair to break up with my girlfriend because her school has started and she won't give me as much time as she used to give me before?
How do I forget my girl friend, who is ignoring me and who is working in the same office?
I had dream that while I was kissing a girl I stabbed her in the back. Why?
What should I do if a girl is playing wih my feelings?
How far or to what extent should you be optimistic in a relationship? Where should you stop?
Why do some people enter into an open relationship?
Why does my FWB get jealous when I casually talk about other guys?
I am chatting with an American guy I met through reddit text strangers community. Is it a good idea?
Me and my boyfriend fight because of immaturity. How can I be mature enough for our relationship?
Are there fake girl profiles on the dating app Tinder or are there some genuine girl profiles who want to hook up and date a guy?
I want to have sex outside of my four years of relationship. I am an Indian girl. Is it normal to have such feelings?
How do I call off a relationship when other person loves you very much and you don't want to hurt them but at same time you can't stay with them?
How can I tell a girl I'm stalking that I stalk her because I don't have the guts to talk to her?
What do guys do or talk about during nights out at a friend's place?
Does it mean your crush likes you if he always texts you first?
Well I am 18 and my girl 17 can I take her to the room which I'll book as she's a minor?
Why am I attracted to men older than 50 if I am an adult male?
What happens after being rejected by a girl?
Who or what exactly is an "Indian" girlfriend?
If your parents ask you to leave your girlfriend, what will you do?
Why are we tempted to lie so much uncontrollably when talking to a crush?
Would you stay with a person that loves you more than your family does and that you can absolutely trust, even if you don't love him anymore?
If a girl only Snapchats me a picture of her but never puts it in her story, does it mean she likes me?
Why will a man blame his partner about an incident that is not at all true, after making a trust-related mistake?
If a guy likes a girl, what is the likelihood of him liking her again?
How should a girl be treated?
There's a boy in my class that I like. I always turn and stare at him and ask my friends if they see him stare back but he doesn’t. Could he like me?
My fictional character has been kidnapped. He finds a cellphone. How can he use it to let someone else know where he is?
If a girl is stupid enough to love a boy, even if the boy breaks her heart, what should the boy do?
What happens if you or someone is gay at 12 years or younger?
Why are girls so controlling in a relationship?
How do I approach a boy I am interested in?
There is a girl whom I like. She comes to the park daily, but the problem is she comes with a lady, what should I do? How do I approach her?
Can a woman stay in a relationship with a man doing 15 years in prison?
I love this girl so much that I can not imagine my life without her. However, I don't feel any sexual desire or attraction for her. Is this possible?
Ok, so my ex boyfriend is dating someone when he still has feelings for me and I still have feelings for him. What do I do?
How can anyone know for sure if they are in love?
What do I do if I like my friend’s new girlfriend and I am willing to lose that friend for her?
How do I tell a person that I am not interested in chatting without hurting their feelings?
What does it mean if a guy says "I had a crush on you earlier, that is why I didn’t come near you"?
As a man, how does it feel to be rejected by a woman who you opened your heart to?
Has your ex-girlfriend tried to have sex with you?
How do you, as an Indian woman, feel when some random guy approaches you? Are there any personal examples with the woman’s reaction to the situation that can be shared?
Will I be able to get married to the girl I love because her Kundli says that she will marry a boy younger than her but I am 1 year older than her?
I got two girls pregnant and need to marry one. Debra's father is a cop while Jane's is a lawyer. How would you choose?
Should I start a friends with benefits relationship?
Are girls more likely to hang out with a guy who's interested if he just says it's hanging out instead of saying it's a date?
Is it possible to love someone forever who doesn't love you?
Why did a guy whistle a random tune when he saw me? (He did it only 3 times.)
My GF is too short and I feel conscious going out with her. I feel shallow asking this but is it right to leave her for this reason?
What should I do if I like a girl so much, but I can't tell her?
What do I do when a guy I like, but have never met is moving away? We are in the same profession.
At a school dance last Friday night, some boys were slapping my behind. My boyfriend didn't care. What does this say about him?
Why do I feel like I don’t want a girlfriend? (I’m 22.)
What are the signs that show a girl cares about you as more than a friend?
Why do Taiwanese girls always say they don't have time when I ask them out?
I'm a 14 year old girl and I occasionally masturbate. Is this ok?
This girl I've been talking to suddenly asked me out, what should I do?
How can I overcome loneliness? I had a strong relationship with a girl for 3 years, but everything has vanished. My professional career is in danger.
Is it mean never to pick up when my mother-in-law calls on the landline, or to ask to speak to her?
Is she interested in me or does she just think of me as a friend?
What is it like to date an Asansol Patrician?
Can an Indian guy and girl hug each other if they are happy even though they are just friends?
How do you tell a guy you are in love without pushing him away?
How do I get more and how do I get girls to look at me and be interested in me?
There is a boy who is 15 years old, and he is very serious about his relationship. Will his relationship be eternal?
Is it wrong to marry a lady 12 years younger than me?
What is the best way to find out if my girlfriend is still messaging or communicating with her ex if she doesn't have a phone?
What is the percentage of a 55-year-old man lasting in a serious relationship with a 33-year-old woman?
How can I meet an intelligent sincere IITian guy?
My boyfriend is a trainee, and will be debut soon. We need to break up, but I just can't let him go. What should I do?
What do I do if my crush's mom hates me?
How could I get over my ex?
How can I get over the feeling that there's no one else that's compatible with me?
What does it mean when a guy says “make me want you more” during intimate moments?
Could a dog, food, and a degree be what gets a girl back in a relationship after she broke up with you?
What is the best site to meet a single guy?
How do I find a girlfriend when I am too busy with my career?
Can I get an ARV even if I just want it only?
Why was Allah so cruel to 6-year-old Ayesha and make her a bride to a 52-year-old man?
What are my chances of pursuing someone who is gay but is not that interested in me?
Should I worry that my boyfriend shows a lot of attention to another woman and at times is so focused on her that he ignores me?
A girl I am with won't let go of the thought that I am "too good" for her, and she constantly tries to convince me of it. What do I do?
How can a girl control a man so easily?
If a girl, who cheated me earlier, has been cheated on, should I accept her in my life again if she has come back for emotional support?
How can I control my boyfriend without him knowing?
How do I tell my girlfriend that I like fat girls?
What should I do to figure out if he'll take a chance with me?
Should I date a nice girl who I get along really well but lost her virginity at age 15 with the guy I dislike?
Why is it that I have such a huge liking for Turkish guys and the boys in my country are butter-faces? (I'm only 13 years old.)
Will I ever find satisfaction in my career?
What should I do if the girl I love is suddenly avoiding me?
How can I deal with my abusive boyfriend who pretends that he is a perfect boyfriend and asks me to change?
Although I love her, I feel like I've begun to lose feelings for my girlfriend. What advice do you have for me in this situation?
A married man flirts, winks, and calls me ‘dear’ and ‘sweetheart’. What's going on here?
I am in a relationship with one person already but at the same time I have feelings for my friend. I don't understand. Why is it happening?
Do I have the right to tell a dean about my ex-girlfriend being technically sexually assaulted? Is that what a real friend would do? She said not to.
I am always confused about what to wear where? I am 25 yrs old married Indian women. I am generally comfortable in western outfit but never confident
I'm going to see my father for the first time, what should I say to him?
What is your viewpoint regarding this phrase - You should forgive your friend and accept her apology: "This is what our culture teaches us?
How many dates should you go on before being exclusive?
A guy asked me if I chew gum, and when I asked him, 'Why? ' he said he needed information? What is that about?
Should I go to the city with a folded table/chairs and a poster that says "dating advice only 1$", to make my living?
Are me and my girlfriend delaying the inevitable by not talking about things?
I am 55 years old and have never met my "soul mate". Should I give up hope?
How easy is it to prosecute statutory rape?
Do Arab guys like Mexican girls?
Does Mdm Kim have any moral consciousness of her marital status when she is alone by herself?
How can I start a conversation with a lady I admire? I feel so shy to talk to her.
Someone I loved once gave me a box full of darkness. It took me years to understand that this too was a gift. What does that mean?
Do you think I might be thinking too much into how MS might be taken by men I have romantic interests in? I've been in a chair for a decade now.
Did Remus Lupin have a girlfriend ever in his life before Tonks? Or was she his first?
How do you deal with your girlfriend who is very dominating?
How do I break up with the man that I have loved for over 23 years and still deeply love?
Should it be a red flag if he lies and says he "fell asleep" when texting me?
What should I do if I want my ex back even though he doesn't want me?
How does a girl want a boy to approach her?
I have noticed that my best friend is confused about his sexuality, but he will not recognize it. How can I encourage him to be honest with himself?
What do you do when your lover tells you getting away from him was too easy?
Should I hang out with someone just because they're lonely?
Ending a conversation which I am talking to someone I liked is hard for me. I'm waiting her to end the conversation. What is the reason behind it?
Why do I always feel that my lover sees another man if she is not with me?
Why do I like girls ballet and I am a guy?
It's been three years since my rape. Why do I still think of it all day every day? When will I feel better?
Why does an ex text me after our breakup, but, when I call him to clarify things, doesn't pick up my calls?
Have you criticized your close friend to others behind her back?
Are girls the ones to whom we should teach dos and don'ts?
Is it illegal to hit a girl?
How can I get taller? My parents are not that short and I'm 16. All my friends are younger than me and they are like Hulk next to me.
I fell in love with a divorced man. He is shy and introverted. He denied my proposal. What should I do now?
In what ways can you confess to someone?
I love a man, he says he doesn't love me back, but he do so many things for me. What do I do?
Does someone's past matter in a relationship?
I was backing out of a space and was all the way out when a car shot behind me and scraped my back bumper. Am I at fault, and what damage could that do?
Why are FWB relationships so complicated?
Is the relationship fine where communication between you and your partner is too less?
How do I let my enemies know that I know their feelings towards me?
Does an Islam Pisces man really mean it if he says he loves you and wants to marry you?
There's this girl, and when we became friends she said, "I like you as a mate and nothing more," but I never asked her out. Should I give up on her or not?
There is this girl on social media whom I really like, but I have never really talked to her either online or IRL. How do I approach her?
I gave a girl a note explaining how I felt about her, and we have texted for a while, but she stopped texting me. Should I confront her about this?
How do I resolve this relationship mess? Moreover, how should I face myself? I agree I made mistakes, so how do I overcome this dark phase?
What should I do if my crush had a boyfriend?
How do I break up with someone who is extremely clingy and needy? We've been dating a few weeks and I have spoken to him about it already, to no avail.
I chose to shut all contact with my ex who dumped me, should I be the one to call her again?
Can I have a relationship with a guy who doesn't wanna marry?
A girl whom I like has been a good friend of mine and I have always helped her a lot. She has a boyfriend. How can I forget her completely?
If she left me, will she come back?
What do Indonesian men look for in a woman when it comes to dating?
How can I stop bragging to my friends about the girls I date? I know it's because of my need to be accepted, but I would like to change. What can I do?
Every time my mom sees a girl talking to me she makes fun of me and tries to embarrass me, even if they just wave. How can I get her to stop this?
My boyfriend dumped me a few months ago. I was feeling better, then my father passed away unexpectedly about six weeks ago. I'm a mess. What do I do?
So for the last day of school I went up to the girl I liked and told her that I thought she was cute. Should I have said something else too?
Is it a good idea to still have sex with an ex-narc after he discarded you?
Can cold and warmhearted people have a good relationship, as the saying goes, opposites attracts?
I was left by a woman who I loved and cared for immensely. Could my BPD been the cause of her deceit and infidelity?
My best friend lost her mother and then her father in a span of 4 years. She has now turned cold, she never talks about it. How do I help her?
I feel the urge to make noise when I make love. Would this be OK with her?
If a girl likes you, how will she try and make you jealous?
What is some advice for a teen who’s trying to take a real relationship all the way to marriage and beyond?
How do I tell my boyfriend that he's out of shape?
Why does a person get depressed by sad events and why does he remember it again and again? Why can’t he forget in spite of trying to forget it?
How do you tell your boyfriend he needs to change?
How the hell can you be just friends with a girl you love with whom you were once in a romantic relationship?
How can I love a girl who is older than me?
During my relationship with my ex, I got in between his relationship with his sisters. Should I apologize to them?
Why am I always pushed around?
Haven't spent anytime with my boyfriend cause he's at his mums, but why isn't he coming home to spend time with me (haven't seen him in a week or so)?
Does physical attachment with loved ones cause distance in a relationship?
What does it mean when I dream about being rejected by a girl I like for my friend?
How can I know that my best friend loves me when he even doesn't have the time to message or call me and forgets about meetings?
Why did he talk badly about all his online dates?
What does it mean when a friend's boyfriend hugs me from behind when she's not around?
What should I do to make someone who can’t forget her past love or relation, like me?
If you are a shy guy and you got a huge crush on this girl, what can you do to like her and get less timid around her?
If you see that your husband has put a lock code on his text messages & Chrome, what do you think? I think he's hiding something.
What does it mean when a guy texts “have a nice day” after a day of silence?
How do I tell a girl that I like fat girls?
I had sex with a guy after smoking weed and drinking together. Is it okay to say I first want to go on some more dates before considering a relationship?
Did I overreact when my boyfriend blew me off at the last minute? He does it often. I had an outburst, and I yelled at him for being irresponsible.
I am 16 years old and I am nearly certain that I am a transgender female. But, my girlfriend is not comfortable with the way I feel. What should I do?
Why do girls reject guys who they know are genuinely into them & would give them their whole world (and then hook up with jerks)?
How do you handle a dumb girlfriend, if you're a geek?
How can I follow a girl on Instagram if she is not accepting my request to follow? I’ve loved her for the last 3 years and she still doesn’t know me :(
Is it me or is Selina's meanness amped up in Veep season 6? I found her quite endearing previously but now she seems too obnoxious and unlikable.
You love someone but also you're afraid to lose them so you avoid commitments, relationships, etc. with them. What advice do you have for this?
I broke up with a narcissist last year. Why do I feel so compelled to read so much literature on the condition?
He saw my private parts and now we talk less. Is he done with me?
How do I get rid of my psycho girlfriend, who is mentally harassing me?
What does it mean if your loving, caring, devoted spouse tells you he has never been "in love" with you or anyone?
Am I cheating on my husband if it's with a girl?
What I can do when my wife misses me too much?
I am 17 years old and my girlfriend of nine months just broke up with me shockingly and unexpectedly. What do I do now?
If you fancied a girl, then she went a bit mental and called you loads of times and tried to kill herself, would you never talk to her again?
Yesterday, I came to know that my boyfriend has been cheating on me for two months. What should I do?
My ex-boyfriend of 8 years dumped me because of quarter life crisis. Should I move on?
My best friend just told me she likes the guy I've liked for a year. What do I do? I'm so hurt.
How do I keep myself on her mind?
What is the best way to sign off romantic?
I asked a guy I like if he wanted to hang out sometime, and he just shrug his shoulders. What does that mean? (I had never talked to him before)
My friend was close with her grandfather, who died a few weeks ago. She's having trouble coping; what can I say to make her feel better?
Is it ok to leave a girl who doesn't love you back and calls you only when she needs something from you? Otherwise, she refuses to meet you even once.
How does it feel to know that you are the crush of a very beautiful girl in your school, college or neighborhood?
A girl I'm living with made up a bunch of lies about me and spread them. I have nowhere else to go, but I can't deal with her lies. What do I do?
What is the simplest way to know that a girl loves me and get a permanent girlfriend?
How can I get my boyfriend to trust I won't judge him if he opens up to me about his past?
How do I know if she is proud of me by her artitude?
How can I tell if the guy I dated is interested in me romantically?
How do I ask out a girl at the gym?
When should a girl ask to define the relationship to avoid being strung along?
Have you tried to love someone who treats you as just a 'mere' friend?
How can I impress my crush to win her over?
My close friend and crush asked me to wait and see if she also feels the same way. What should I do?
Can an Indian girl hug a guy even though they are just friends?
What should I do when I love someone but he doesn't know about it, and I am too shy to tell him?
How can I grow some balls and talk to a girl I like?
What beautiful lines do you tell your girlfriend who treats you as her best friend?
What’s the meaning of a guy’s smiles and head shake?
How should I confess to a girl, if at all?
Whom should I trust and with whom can I spend my remaining life?
What does it mean when a guy is always staring at you (he is my coworker and I can feel him staring)?
If a girl knows you like her, but thinks you're mad at her, how do you know if she cares?
How can I really connect with Emma Stone? I really want to message her, but she doesn’t have an account on social media.
If a guy says, "I don't care," but it sometimes feels like he is caring, how can we get to know his feelings?
If a girl you really liked seemed very interested in you at first but then gave you the cold shoulder for no apparent reason, would you keep trying?
How should I talk to guy that I never really spoke to? What do I say without making him lose interest?
Why did my ex like my picture from a year ago on Instagram?
What’s the easiest way to ask a girl out?
I've been single for 8 months, why can't I find love?
He kissed me on my lips and afterwards he kissed me on my neck, and we are not even a couple. Do you think I should ask him about our status?
How would you feel if your friends & family knew that your boyfriend/girlfriend has been unfaithful since the beginning of your relationship?
How do I make a guy actually interested in me instead of sexually interested in me?
Why do I keep getting friend zoned?
What is the difference between “I like you” and “I love you”?
How do I choose between a crush and my bf, who broke my heart a lot of times?
Can a person with social interaction difficulties enter an intimate/close relationship? And if so, how?
My friend's gf is cheating on him with my other friend. What should I do?
How do I go about asking my ex boyfriend what is holding him back?
What should I do when my spouse's daily habits trouble me a lot and even after telling him he does not take care?
How can you tell that a women is interested in you and wants you to make the first move?
How do I convince my girlfriend's family that I'm the best guy to marry her, given that she belongs to a Muslim family and I’m Hindu?
Why do girls talk about a guy after rejected them?
I found out my girlfriend slept with 5 guys on my football team before we were together, and 3 of them are playing next year. How do I get over this?
Are polyamorous relationships healthier?
Can two dominate personalities and two submissive personalities be in a relationship?
How can I build up my ability to speak up in my relationship?
What should I answer when my boyfriend asks, "What can I do for him"?
What do boys who are into big/curvy girls like about them?
How do I stop loving a man that I want, and love and share children with? I don't know how to let go.
My friend was talking to my crush and my crush said he would never date me. So should I just give up?
Is it too creepy that I graphologically analyzed my crush's handwriting, drew her twice, and personality-analyzed her, with her knowing?
My boyfriend flirted with another girl and I feel awful, what should I do?
How do I ask a girl for her number if I don't know her that well? I got a limited amount of time to ask her before I can't see her for awhile.
Is relationship base on love?
Why was I rejected by 4 girls at a speed dating event?
What does a guy think if girls asks for their number?
Is there anything wrong with live-in relationships?
How can I make someone realize that they love someone badly?
What is the best way get my buddy and his wife to have a threesome?
How do you romance a guy?
Should I go out and find my future wife? Or should I let life just happen?
Can I trust a man who sexted me? I have never met him, but have known him (texting) for over a year.
Why does she say I love you then ignores me?
How should I react to finding out that my girlfriend has cheated on me with my best friend?
Are 1 on 1 hangouts with the opposite sex considered "dates?"
Is it breaking girl code if you like your friend’s crush?
Six years of a relationship, who moves on first?
Where is the best place to cut if you're a girl?
What are the ways to make a lady like you?
She has a boyfriend, but I'm in love with her. I keep my distance because it’s hard for me. Should back off from our friendship, even if it upsets her?
I'm 18 and in a same sex, long distance relationship. What should I be worried about if anything?
How can I make him realize that I trust​ him? By letting​ him take our​ private​ pictures​?
My boyfriend thought I was cheating when he misunderstood some text messages. But before he confronted me, he had sex with me. Why?
A girl I know intiated texting twice, and always asking about school, does that mean she is interested?
What should I do if I am a non-Christian and I really like this girl who is a Christian? She says that she would only date Christians.
How do I save a teenage girl who is in a "not-real love" relationship but doesn't realize it?
A guy I work with pursued me after my divorce. There are obvious signs of attraction going both ways. I want to tell him how I feel. Should I?
How does my girlfriend block me from seeing her posts and messages even if I am on her account?
Why a fwb would act jealous when I talk innocently about other guys?
What should I do if a girl tries to not love me but when I text her daily, we have had long conversations?
What should I do for my girlfriend to forgive me after breaking up with her?
Can I trust my boyfriend after he told me he slept with his best friend?
What do you call a girl that is only around to benefit off you or others and she think’s its okay?
Can a girl date and marry a guy who has had multiple relationships, but those relationships never worked?
Can someone with BPD avoid relationships and not be codependent?
Should I wait for my ex-girlfriend until she breaks up with her new boyfriend?
Should I tell this girl I like her for a second time?
Did I make a mistake when I broke up with my boyfriend?
Would you date a woman who never had a boyfriend?
Does relationship with physical contact last long?
In what way should I talk to a girl who thinks I am ignoring her?
Why do some guys behave like girls do in a relationship?
Why is he telling how long it's been since he's had sex?
What should I do if I found my sister secretly sending nudes to a guy who may or may not be her boyfriend?
What does it mean when you kiss a girl and later she tells you that she didn't feel anything?
How do I move on from the guy I was exclusively dating?
Why a guy hide his face with his hand while sitting?
I am not able to meet one particularly guy in person, help needed (See comment)?
Do I love him or not?
What exactly goes on in a girl's mind when she is on her period? Also what steps should a boyfriend/husband take to keep her happy?
If the girl you were dating had fooled around with one of your acquaintances or friends in the past, would this be a problem for you?
Why does my LD truck driving boyfriend go embarrassed when his mate saw me and commented on me being pretty? I would think he was proud of me?
My boyfriend is completely immature when he's with friends or other people but around me he's mature. Why does he act so different?
I really like this girl but she rejected me because she doesn't want to date. We are pretty close and still talk. When should I confess again?
What is a date like?
Is it cheating if your boyfriend kisses his ex?
What would be the feeling of a 30-year-old Indian (male or female, both cases) never having had any relationship or sexual activities otherwise?
Do girls fall in love with a guy who is bald at the age of 22?
Why are Indian men slow at dating? Are they shy?
What would you think of a guy who left his girlfriend because of her horrific past? She was sexually harassed. She trusted him, but he left.
Is two dates too early for intimacy?
Why is the person that birthed me still seeing the man that abused me as a child?
How can I meet japanese women?
Should I warn girls about a guy who has very bad character?
Is there any dating website which helps meeting short girls?
A guy friend asked me to the graduation dance, but I don't like him that way. I also don't want to hurt his feelings, so should I just go with him?
Is it possible for a woman to love a man more than him loving her?
Should I turn off my feelings about a girl, or should I tell her I like her?
This girl I've known for 3 years calls me and texts me every day, but I almost never initiate contact. Am I on the back burner?
How can I stop my urge for sex when I see any beautiful or sexy girl passing by me in my aquantaince or friend circle? My dream is to become an IAS.
Why didn’t my parents have the talk with me?
How do I tell my boyfriend I’ve been fired many times?
What does it mean when my girlfriend says that I need to step up?
My girlfriend said she saw a guy and had a crush on him yesterday. What should I do?
Why do you think guys hate the friend zone?
What do you think is the difference between love (love we make) and sex?
Why is it that, when I get close to a girl, I push them away?
How does one know if the person you are interested in likes you back?
What's the easiest way to get over a girl you like/love?
Is it wrong to have a relationship just for sex?
What’s a good spot for a date in Seattle?
A long distance friend, (who is like a brother) and I have feelings for each other. But he is in love with another girl, and seems cold. What to do?
Why does she want me to stay in her life while she loves someone else?
Would you be honest about an abusive (not physical) ex to their new girlfriend/boyfriend?
Is there a secret to asking a women out and getting a good success rate?
Should I continue something I've informally committed to? What should I choose? My career or the feelings of my girlfriend?
How can I find love when I don't put myself out there? I want things to happen naturally without having to use dating apps, etc.
What would you do if I ask you out?
What should guys know about women to stop being afraid of approaching them?
How do I tell someone that I like them, if I don't talk to him that much even though I have known him for most of my life?
I hate to put it this way but it's true, girls can be crazy! What are the warning signs to look out for?
Should I impress my girlfriend's family?
Does my boyfriend have the right to force not only me to tell my friend to delete my picture off her Instagram, but also forcing her to do that?
I love her but I'm happy that she moved on with life and probably forgot all about me. Is this a good way to think?
I saw this girl near City Centre 1 in Salt Lake. She was way too beautiful and sweet. Now it seems that I have fallen for her. How should I find her?
I really don't want a relationship anymore and I just met a handsome guy, I keep googling my symptoms, should I see a therapist?
What was your best date?
What does it mean when someone has a crush on you?
What do you say if a girl asks where you work?
Is it okay to date my 17 year old step-cousin?
My dog found a turtle and I just saw him with it. He chewed up its shell pretty bad but I don't know if he killed it. How do I tell if it's okay?
Did Bach not play the 6-part fugue because he thought he couldn't do it on the spot, or for some other reason like the king was a jerk and had bad vibes?
Why was my crush staring at me?
What should I say to my girlfriend who wants to get on antidepressants but is afraid to become "dependent" on them?
Why does kissing feels good? Can you give me some advice about kissing?
If a young woman is wearing clothes that may be exposing her in a way she may not realize, should/how you tell her?
Why does she like a drug addict instead of me?
When a girl rejects a guy, why would it be wrong for the girl to ever reconsider? People’s feelings can change.
What is the likelihood that if a guy and his female friend shared a hotel room abroad that he would try to have sex with her?
If I lend a friend money to buy a motorcycle, am I responsible for his safety? Can his parents sue me if he gets injured?
My brother asked me do you know how adult people kiss and kissed me on the mouth when I was 4-6 years old and he was 2 years older what should I do?
What does it mean when a man calls you yummy?
How do I find it easier to flirt?
I’ve been going out with this guy for a month and we see each other like once a week, never planned, and at his house or at mine. Should I cut him off?
Is there ever a situation where asking someone out is not worth the risk?
How do I handle a guy with no brain?
Should I visit my online boyfriend in his country (Mexico)?
When asking a girl to prom, is it ok to have another girl in mind in case she says no?
Some of my friends used to make fun of me and it hurt me. They are rich and I am a topper. I am unable to manage. What should I do?
How did you act when you developed a crush?
Does Shweta Gautam have a boyfriend?
What do I do if I want to leave a man who loves me for a man I love?
Me and my best friend are very close. Yesterday she said, “I want a good boy friend”, then my heart skipped a beat. What do I do now, tell her my feelings or not?
My ex-boyfriend blamed me for everything and then blocked me. Why?
Why do I feel shattered after my girlfriend left for the US for 3 months even though she told me not to worry and I know she is not the cheating type?
Why does he want a baby but doesn’t want to build a family?
Do you guys have some confessions?
Do girl notice boys?
If someone never shave, what does he look like at various milestones?
What are some dating tips when both of the people had a traumatized life?
Would Brazilian women date Turkish men?
How can a fat guy have a girlfriend in India?
What kind of girl would you like to marry?
What are good dares to ask over text?
What if someone loved you and you knew?
Why do Disney movies give such bad dating advice?
How do I tell if my crush likes me as a friend or as a girl?
Guys, when asking out a girl, do you usually know what the answer is going to be before you ask her out?
How can you tell when you like someone?
If a woman spends her entire lifetime with her husband and then finds out that he was already married and had cheated on her, what could be her reaction?
What is the truth about your ex-boyfriend?
What can I do if someone I love the most thinks I am guilty of doing something wrong, when I am in a situation where I cannot prove my innocence?
I am in love with a girl, and she loves me, too, but we are both in need of security. Is this okay?
How do you tell a girl you like her over text?
How do I get rid of all this emotional baggage from my past relationships?
My ex broke up with me. We dated for a month, but he would tease me and try to talk to me. He also constantly stares, especially when I am not looking. Why is that?
My close friend went out with my crush and her friends and told me nothing. Is it what friends always do?
Should I give up my relationship to make my partner happy with his real love? He is so cold to me this past few weeks.
Does two month of being in a relationship with someone determine that you have fallen in love with that person?
I want to die. Can you give me a reason not to?
Is it possible for a guy to not fall in love with a girl who he really likes and is attracted to?
What should a girl do if she is getting too attracted towards her male teacher who has also recently married?
What can the government do to deal with the likes of Arundhati Roy? I know that she is just the tip of an iceberg, so putting her in prison will not solve anything.
Is it all right that I’m a 66-year-old woman and I still think that farts are funny?
My boyfriend says he "lost the spark" in our relationship. Can we get it back?
Why do I get embarassed about my boyfriend in front of my parents?
One of my old classmates suddenly became a model. She's gorgeous now, but she did have plastic surgery. Where do they find the money?
Why can’t men control themselves when a good looking girl passes along the street? Is it anxiety?
What should I do? I think my gf doesn't get that I'm asexual.
How can I make my relationship fun?
What was the exact moment that you realized you actually weren't in love?
Can some people hook up at night for the first time after chatting on Instagram throughout the day?
Is there any way to prove to my ex that I do not have NPD? I lied and hurt her. She is convinced that I am a narcissist because of this.
How romantic is your relationship with your boyfriend?
What are some good ways to show your interest in your crush without coming off too strong?
He broke up with me and sent a friend request to his ex. On the next day, he keeps on calling me after unfriending his ex. What does it mean?
I don't think he's a narcissist. But he hasn't spoken to me in 3 months. He moved on to a new love. Is there any point in going no contact?
There's a girl always staring at me in class. I avoid eye contact because it's weird. I never really liked her but I sorta do now. Does she like me?
I am fearful of having a girlfriend because of my Christian parents. How do I escape the fear of my parents' criticism?
What does it mean when my male friend avoids eye contact with me, especially when his girlfriend is around?
I'm in love with the girl I rejected in the past. What should I do?
I like a guy who is not like most other guys. He is also 2 years older than me. How can I tell if he likes me back?
How do I keep my boyfriend happy?
Would it be wrong to marry a 37 year old man, when I'm 21 year old woman?
If a guy who's known for being quiet and shy goes out of his way to talk to you, does that mean anything?
Why do girls develop interest or non-interested for guys within the first minutes of meeting him and nothing that happens afterwards can change that?
How do I know if my boyfriend really cares about me?
Should you marry the guy you love or the guy who is well settled? Read the details.
I saw a girl on Facebook and instantly got attracted to her. But she doesn't know me at all. Should I send her a friend request?
How do you know when to go out on a first date after you asked someone out?
How can I date a woman without feeling like I'm wasting her time?
Would it be considered morally wrong to befriend a girl with a boyfriend, which then makes her leave him?
My housemate stole all my cups, plates, and silverware when he left, then blocked me on FB. How do I legally screw him over for theft?
How can I be open minded while dating?
Why is my ex texting me twice a month after our breakup, but when I call him to clarify things he doesn’t pick up my calls?
What is it if parents and relatives don't support your decision of divorce? I'm a 28 year old female working in India.
How can I be sure that a girl has got pink nipples just by looking at her face?
What is the ideal age to get married as a woman?
What gifts should I bring to meet my girlfriend’s parents for the first time?
How do you know if you still love your husband? I can't tell how strong my feelings are towards another man.
How do I not stalk my ex on Facebook? He got married to a girl he said he had no chance with when I doubted him with her when we were dating. I feel terrible
We dated only once and now she says, she misses me? Why?
What happens if your boyfriend and bestie go for a trip leaving you behind?
How do we know that the girl who chats with me is in love?
In a long relationship, how do I make sure my girlfriend still feels loved by me in every way?
How do you motivate a girl who is just at home doing nothing after getting her degree?
What do you do when your best friend’s boyfriend hates you? I am always nice to him, but he is not quiet about his hatred, so it's awkward and tense.
Can girls become interested in a guy after not being interested in him? Feelings can change, right?
How can I convince my mother to allow me to marry my boyfriend, who is from a different caste?
I’m 22 and I’ve never masturbated and have no sexual urges. Is there something wrong with me?
There is a girl in my class and I have never talked to her and we hang out with different people so no one can introduce me. What do I do? Go for it?
Why is my ex bothering to apologize after all the hurtful things he said and then saying we shouldn't talk for awhile?
What reasons can I give my future husband if he asks me why I am not a virgin? I dont want to tell him the truth.
What does a girl want in her would-be husband?
Does a woman who asks a man out on a date seem desperate, thus making the man less likely to say yes?
Does a guy have a crush on me when he glances at me, stares when I don't look, fixes his hair and gets nervous when I'm around?
How do I avoid finding love even if it comes to me?
What does it mean when a woman keeps blinking her eyes?
If a girl doesn't feel the same way about a guy, is it wrong for her to give the guy a chance so maybe things can work out?
Does ignoring a girl really makes her closer to you?
How should I go about getting a girlfriend as a 16 year old?
How can I make my ex interested in me again?
Should I double text her after she said she was going to text me back, 2 days ago?
Can I get my ex back as I still love him?
Why do guys seem like they lose interest in me when I'm actually nice and show interest back?
Does my boyfriend's brother hate me?
Why are you single till now and with no past relationships? Why don’t you want to get married or get committed in India?
What does it mean when a guy tells you he likes you but doesn’t talk to you after that?
A guy has liked me for 7 years now. I rejected him and he said that I will learn to love him if only I will accept him. Should I give him a chance?
What sticking points do you have when it comes to dating and relationships?
I am in love with my crush, but she doesn't seem to notice me. What should I do?
Is it normal to want my girl friend to fart in my face?
What should I do if I want my ex back, but he doesn't want me back?
What should I do after breaking up?
There's someone I can't stop thinking about even though I have no romantic attraction to them. Why could this be happening?
I've liked one girl for 9 years. I found out that a life-long friend also likes her now. Do I back off for my friend or go after her?
My boyfriend has decided to choose his friends over me. How do I deal with it?
What do I do when my boyfriend gets offended by tiny little things all the time?
Why would a guy smile to himself?
What is it to finally find someone who loves you, understands you and completes you but cannot promise their whole life with you?
If an acquaintance asked you to hang out and get to know each other, and you were not busy, what are some reasons you would decline the invite?
A girl in my class has accused me of something I didn't do. She turns people against me and won't talk to me. What should I do?
How do I get a girl to like me again?
I’m from Italy and he’s from Texas. I met him on an exchange program. Should I break up with him? And if yes, how?
I have a problem obsessing over girls, how do I get over it?
My boyfriend is coming home from serving an 8 year sentence at IDOC. What things should I expect?
What's the reason if a boy does whatever a girl wants but tries to avoid it after some time?
Why does a guy turn me down despite the fact that I'm an Oxford student?
How does it feel when a girl chat with you daily and after some days she stops chatting with you?
Does the feeling of love always have to be effortless? Is taking efforts to (hopefully) gain someone's affections the wrong way to look at it?
When a man asks his girlfriend "who was that guy", why does the phrase feel very different from "who was that girl" when a girl asks her boyfriend?
How do I improve myself so that girls want to have sex with me?
I’m a 15-year-old boy and I crave love and affection with a girl. I need to hug and cuddle etc. I don’t have a girlfriend. What do I do?
How should I express my feelings to a mature serious boy?
Is it necessary to communicate daily in a relationship?
Why am I always dreaming about a person I like. Is it possible he might also be thinking of me?
What is love supposed to do for you, and what does that tell you about the limits of a loving relationship?
What is the first thing an Indian girl notices in every boy?
What is the best way to find dates without dating sites? I'm a 50 year old woman, stable, empty-nester, and a fulfilling career.
Why does my wife give me a hard time about my baby momma when she clearly sees that I'm trying to accommodate her feelings?
My boyfriend has had anorgasmic ejaculation (cum without orgasm) a few times during vaginal sex with me. Is this a bad thing or is it my fault? What could this mean?
How do you believe in love again after the end of a serious relationship?
Why do some men not want to marry or get into serious relationships when they're getting old?
Why didn't my boyfriend stand up for me?
How can I express my feelings if I am a shy girl?
What is the best way to make your girlfriend understand who you really are?
How can a boy propose to a girl?
Why don't girls make it clear that they like me?
Is there any girl left who doesn't want a rich, handsome guy?
Why do so many young boys think confession is how you get a girlfriend?
Is it rude/cheesy to kiss a girl's hand as you're introduced?
How can I stop fantasizing about my ex?
Is it legal for a 17-year-old to engage in sexual relations with an adult over the age of 25 in the state of Texas?
How do I know that girls like me?
My friend and I both like each other before. Now he has his someone and he still shows his affection to me. I still like him. What should I do?
If a woman (older than me) replies to everything but personal questions, does that mean she doesn't want me in her life?
Why are girls ok with their boyfriends controlling them and telling them who they can and can't talk to?
If you were more outstanding than your boyfriend, will he be angry or feel imbalanced mentally?
What does it mean when a man says “Let’s take it slow”?
Will a guy want to marry a girl with diffuse hair loss?
How can I talk to my crush who is in grade 12 and I am I grade 10? Because he makes the first move and I keep shutting him down and end up regretting it.
How would you react if your lover said that he wasted his time and money on you?
What if I ask a girl to be my best friend?
Is it okay to be jealous if your male friend has other female friends and treats them the same way as he treats you?
Whenever I see a pretty girl, I always imagine she's naked. I'm worried about myself. Do I have a mental disorder? Should I see a doctor?
How can I make my boss like me again after I failed her?
What is it like meeting up with your childhood sweetheart after a long time?
Should I get away from my girlfriend and her family? She is not an adult. Are their actions out of line? How can I protect my family and me?
When a guy you have never seen gets your number, contacts you, knows everything about you, and says that he likes you, what does this mean?
How can I see my girlfriend’s texts and incoming calls?
Is it okay to give a phone number to a crush who probably has a crush on me too, or will he judge me?
What would you do, if your 14-year-old friend tried to date your 18-year-old brother, even after you told her to stop and she lied to your face about it?
How does it feel to have a relationship with someone who is already in a relationship?
How do you react when someone says she loves animals, particularly dogs in this case, way more than human?
I told my dad that I want to marry the guy I love. My family has cut off all ties with me. What do I do? I don't think I can live without my family.
Can an ugly guy like me impress a girl?
Why do people assume that women have only good reasons for making dating difficult?
How do I know if a girl is not proud of me?
How long before an ex who dumped you but did not want a relationship misses you?
My friend of 1 year kissed my crush in front of me today. What should I do? I thought about getting over both of them and finding another friend.
How do I kiss my girlfriend on the cheek?
How come he never texts first?
Can I trust a man who sexted me? I have never met him but had been knowing (texting) for over a year before he did it.
How do you know whether a girl likes you or not?
My girlfriend is 16 years old and a 30 years old man told her that he wants her. What should I do?
This guy tells me that he likes me. We have been texting for quite some time. Should I stop texting him first to see if he really means that?
Is it good to give a manicure set to a girl?
What do I do if the boy I once dated is dating someone, but I still like him?
My bf's friend is flirting with me and he is accusing me of doing it, what should I do?
My boyfriend is not motivated even though I motivate him as much as I can. Should I leave him?
Why are people are so obsessed with boyfriends and girlfriends?
My ex boyfriend is going to ask me out as a dare from my uncle. Even though he already has a new girlfriend. What should I say?
Why do girls who are just friends start getting possessive when they start liking their guy friend?
What should I do to start a conversation with a girl on Quora?
I am dating a man who is 12 years older than me. Father's Day is coming up. What is an appropriate gift to get him to do with his kids?
Why am I insecure with my boyfriend?
Why would a guy who has played many girls before and openly bragged about his past to girls suddenly try to hide his entire past from someone new?
My crush is going to a different high school. I'm sad and really wanted to get to know him. Should I try to talk to him or leave it?
I love a girl and she loves me, but she has a boyfriend. She tells me that we'll be together one day. Should I stay or should I move on?
How do I know if somebody likes me?
How can I overcome the feeling of not wanting to study in the very last month after I’ve been preparing for it for almost a year?
Is it a good idea to ask a boy out to go swimming in the river?
If a guy asks out a girl and she says no and then stops talking to him, should the guy feel like he did something wrong?
Have you ever been in a situation where you want to love someone but just can't no matter how hard you try?
This article says it’s okay to be needy for girls. Is it also okay for guys? What do you think?
Do you think the internet and culture tells men that they need to have a girlfriend?
Can break up with your best friend hurt more than break up with your girlfriend?
Is it normal that an ex-wife and an ex-husband become friends and talk about their social life, careers, and dating lives while they both are in new relationships?
How do I get revenge on people who ignored me intentionally again and again for no reason?
How do I know when a boy likes me?
Should a girl be worried if she has her period twice in a month?
How can I tell a girl who suffers from BPD that I love her?
What should I do if my father gets attracted to me?
A man who finds another woman attractive says he is unable forget her. Can such a man really love his wife or be faithful to her?
Does man like a woman who depends on him?
One of my boyfriend's co-workers has a huge crush on him and has been looking into my life. Should I say anything about it?
What are women's expectations of a first blind date, if all things go well. Would you keep it short regardless or go all out and see what happens?
I love a girl and I proposed her, she said that she is not interested. What should I do?
Is it ok to propose to a girl by text?
At the beginning, we were good and had sex, but now she keeps on making excuses. Why?
Can I trust a man who is 20 years older than me?
How do people flirt after being out of the dating scene for a long time? Do people still flirt?
Would you date a trans man that has done top and bottom surgery?
What does Anshul Sharma think about girls approaching a guy first?
How will a guy know whether she had for feeling for him?
Why does my ex text me but when I call him to clarify things doesn't he pick up my calls?
How do you know if a girl cares about you when she knows you're mad at her?
How do I know whether my boyfriend is truthful or not?
A girl said to me,"I am interested on you but haven't fall for you yet". What does this mean?
Why do I love my friend so much?
How do guys feel about girls asking them out?
What can I do, if my girlfriend gets married?
When a man sees you for the first time and can't stop thinking about you, losing his appetite and sleep over it, is it infatuation/love?
How do I deal with anxious partner?
How can I reccover from the shame and the suffering created by my decision taken to end my previous relationship with my ex-girlfriend?
When he says he really likes everything about you and wants a long-term relationship, is he really in love with you or does he just want to be physical?
Can anyone in Europe explain to me which group is the bad guys according to popular opinion: Antifa or Pegida/Legida (and the likes)?
How do you say I love you in Enochian?
What should you do when your boyfriend gets irritated about small things?
Who is your most valued friend, what memories have you made together, how special is she/he?
What does a boy feel when he has to leave his own home for his career, and what does he miss about his own home?
What do you think about Casual Dating?
Why do girls realize the importance of their parents after they have a breakup, while lying to them during the relationship?
Why is marriage necessary for a man and a woman, logically?
What is the best way to kiss a girl in order to make love relationship between her and I?
What do I do about my probably-straight crush?
Where can I find an uploaded voiceover saying 'I'm a banana guy'?
How do I make my male teacher have a crush on me? I am 17 and female.
One of my friends has an M.Tech in remote sensing. She has done teaching for 2 years. She wants to get back to work. What are her options?
If a guy asks out a girl and she says no, why do people think it's wrong for him to ask out other girls? Shouldn't he accept that no means no and move on?
Why doesn't he remember me as much as I remember him? He doesn't message me the way I wanted him to.
Is it immoral for a 30-year-old man to seduce an 18-year-old girl?
How do I stop crushing on a celebrity girl? I'm male, 21 years old and I'm crushing big time on Camila Cabello. I can't help being attracted to her.
If a girl almost avoids you the morning after the night you kissed her, does that mean she doesn't want you?
Would a transgender woman dating a man find it weird if he liked to be on the bottom?
What is the way to find if a girl feels the same as I feel for her?
What should I do when a girl says she loves me but wants to stay single for the rest of her life?
What is appropriate in love and sex?
How can I show through my body language that I still care about my crush?
Someone very close told me they were sexually active. This came as a shock to me. How do I come to terms with it? I feel very weird.
Should I dump my girlfriend for sleeping with a guy while she knew my feelings about her in the first place? We started dating afterwards.
What should you do when you think your bisexual best friend has a crush on you?
Can I marry a woman who is richer than me?
How would you know that your female friend isn't sexually attracted to you? But she wants to hang out all the time.
How do I tell my long-distance boyfriend I was molested?
How do I respond or deal with my boyfriend who - not only always assumes he is right, but he actually states his assumptions as fact?
Why should you talk to your ex just because he noticed and liked something in your profile on WhatsApp?
I saw a girl in a concert and we spend that time together without talking. I feel I love her because I can't stop thinking of her. What should I do?
What are some thoughts about girls that can make me hate girls? I want to hate girls, because I am wasting time in search of a girl online.
How do I deal with my girlfriend’s past love?
Should I get a girlfriend?
How would you feel about your adult son dating a woman with Aspergers?
Should I give up on dating or is there a way I can solve this in my standards? I will reject “be a man and just approach” answers.
Why does a man kiss a girl on the neck when the girl tries to get away?
What does your boyfriend think of ZhangIntyre?
In a serious relationship, are threesomes a good idea?
Should I tell my boyfriend that I am jealous of his girl best friend?
I'm a middle-aged divorced woman and want the right dateable man. How does one balance showing interest in a man and being too needy?
How can you slowly build up a friendship that develops into a relationship?
If the Queen wanted a Bugatti Chiron, could she get it even if they have been sold out and if so, would she have to pay for it?
He keeps saying that I am his girl or baby, and he needs to constantly make a point that I am his. Why?
How should I accept the harsh truth of my life that she will never be with me?
My gf had some previous sexual relationships before meeting me. Should I accept her?
If a girl was once deeply in love with you but isn't anymore, how do you get her to fall in love with you again?
Is it possible​ for me to marry​ a Pakistani girl on today's​ date?
What if you are friends with a guy, but you don’t talk?
Is it wrong to have a girlfriend at 16 in India?
How can I get my ex-girlfriend back from her new boyfriend?
What would you do if your boyfriend doesn’t want to marry you but wants to be in a relationship with you?
What do you call a woman who uses her body to earn attention?
Should I break up with my online boyfriend?
What do you mean by I love you?
Do you believe that loving someone, is giving everything for him?
What does it mean when a guy cries for a girl?
Psychologically, why am I attracted to 'bad boys'?
Have you ever regretted not asking a girl out?
Do older women want to date younger men?
What are some good places to pick up/meet new girls in Mumbai?
Is it possible to love somebody but not considering a long term relationship?
How do I overcome the fact that I will never have chances to meet my crush again?
Have you ever had to do something for the good of someone you loved, even though you knew it meant that they would never speak to you again?
She always responds to my WhatsApp messages, but not to my Facebook messages. She is always online on Facebook. Should I leave her?
My boyfriend left me to be with some girl with whom he fell in love with. Now he wants to be with me coz she didn't reciprocate. Should I accept him?
My husband is abroad and he is mad at me and he is ignoring me. What can I do?
I am looking for large posters of world wine regions. However, I'm not very well off. Is there a way to get these affordably?
What does it mean when a girl tells you that she'd like to be with you but it doesn't depend much on her will?
Why do I fall for anyone who treats me nicely or pays the slightest bit of extra attention to me?
A guy "friend" texted "hallelujah" at 6 in the morning, and my girl answered "lol," "hahaha," and "wanna meet and catch up." Was that random, or is it more?
How do I get friendly with girls?
Do men who are not interested in a relationship state that they are not expressive?
Why is the mistress off the hook if she knows he is married? Shouldn't she have some blame too?
My boyfriend is always mean to me and the girls in his class, but his mom says he comes home sad because he says the girls are mean, what do I do?
Is it healthy to go a week in a relationship/marriage without speaking to your significant other?
Is "sure" a definite yes when asking a girl to date you?
How do I go on to love again after a 20-year marriage dissolves when I am still filled with sadness and grief a year later?
What do guys think of girls who have slept around?
What do you do if you're a straight man who prefers playing the passive role in dating?
Is this relationship going to work out?
How different are you and your boyfriend?
How can we get away from someone whom you love the most in this world but he is hurting you and breaking your trust since 5 years?
What should I do if my crush knows about me and makes fun of this thing?
What if you like a girl who doesn’t want a relationship at the moment?
What are the reasons a guy would share personal family problems with a girl?
Do girls feel happy when a friend apologizes for his mistake?
If a person asks a lot of questions, is he a confused man or a genuine seeker of truth?
People say I'm a 7 in terms of looks. What does this mean in terms of how I'll do in society and dating?
How do bad boys approach women?
I got a crush on this Indian guy who's a Christian. We don't talk but he happens to be joining a Christian college. What should I do?
Do Indian girls hug guys even though they are just friends?
Who moves on first from a long-term relationship? The dumper or the dumpee?
Why did my ex look me up on Facebook when he has a girlfriend?
I'm a confident individual but I am terrible at pulling girls, why? Am I gay?
Why is my ex making me jealous?
How can I tell my boyfriend to get checked out because he's impotent? He's in denial but I want him to enjoy sex. He's in his 40's
Is it possible for me to marry another man being a gay in India?
Am I doing the right thing thinking about ending a relationship?
How can I make my woman orgasm?
Should you take time to get your life in order before you begin a relationship?
How can I deal with a best friend who is saying she is busy but finding time for something else?
What do you say to a lady when you're a half an hour or two late for your first date?
I only talk to a girl when she starts the conversation. Will that make me an arrogant before her?
Do extroverted guys like extroverted girls?
I have fallen for this guy's personality but he is a big time jerk. Is it normal to fall for a jerk's personality?
Does humility work in relationships?
My principal took my phone while checking my bag and she is not returning it back. How can I get it back?
What would a person feel when he realizes he cannot do the things he used to be great at?
What do I do when meeting a girl for the first time?
How do girls know whether they're interested in you or not within the first few minutes of meeting you?
How do I react to a relative who says that since I am a SAHM, my baby can be woken up by her anytime?
Do couples who have been married for a long time still try to impress one another?
Does it mean anything when a guy asks you if you're still awake?
My brother has a girlfriend of 10 months. Should she be in the family wedding photos?
Which one should one select for a girl, a good, loving family or only a career?
If your boyfriend was walking home and happened to see an ex and started talking to her, would you be upset, even if his intentions weren't bad?
Is it wrong to ask out a girl that I know doesn't like me back?
What does my girlfriend mean when she says, "I wish you were my first."?
A girl keeps flaking out on me. Any ideas why or suggestions?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked “How am I doing?” and I responded “Great.” with a smile. What's wrong with that?
I just met a guy and wish to date him. What do I do?
What is anonymousemail.me?
I want to marry a girl from Delhi who is an orphan. How can I proceed further?
What does it mean when a guy can't look at you, even when you're standing right next to each other, after you reject him?
What do I do if a guy keeps saying he loves me?
Why is he lying to me about small and unimportant things? When I catch him, he denies it.
Is it okay for me to like 18-year-old women if my daughter is also 18 years old?
Should I break up with her because she complains a lot?
Are there any girls here looking for a friend or relationship?
Should I get back with my ex-girlfriend, who cheated on me with someone else and had sex with them, if I'm still interested in her and love the sex?
Does a proposal change things in a relationship?
What's your favourite thing about your boyfriend?
Why do we find ways to skip chances to propose to a girl whom we love the most?
What are your thoughts on the dual relationship described in socionics?
My mother gets immense pain in the heel every time she is out for a long time. Is there anything she could do on her own for it?
What are some things guys should know about girls?
What is your worst experience in a relationship? Who is more loyal, boy or girl?
How do introverts get a girlfriend?
If a girl ditches a boy, what is the worst punishment the boy can give to her?
Is it possible to find a guy who does not think of sex all the time but who can think of romance as something emotional, too and not just physical?
Why won't a girl whom I liked and who has blown me off leave me alone, even when I have told her we can never be friends?
What are signs that an outgoing guy is actually insecure? My crush acts confident but why won't he talk to me?
How can I get a girlfriend from LSR?
What is the best way to break up with a narcissist/psychopath?
Why is my boyfriend angry because he said that I masturbate too much during sex?
How should I stop getting attracted to girls and women?
What would you do if someone whom you deeply love ignores you?
I wanna date an IITian, how could I approach one?
She doesn't like to talk more. How can she build that confidence in herself to talk with strangers and convince him to get married with her?
What shall I wear for my first date as a 28-year-old man? Should I date her even when I knew her from school for a couple of years?
I have been dejected in love and relationship. What should I do?
How long must I give up to propos a girl?
What does it mean if a girl tells me not to knock on my door?
What does it mean if she tells that she likes chocolate?
Can a hopeless romantic and a blunt realist ever have a healthy relationship?
Have you found long-lasting love with someone who left his ex because of you?
How significant is a 5 year age difference? I am 5 years older than most of my work colleagues and I feel odd.
I had coffee with my friend, her friend came too. Why did my friend keep prompting me to tell her friend about my embarrassing but funny stories?
How do I talk to my future girlfriend on Skype?
What's the most awkward first date you have ever had?
Is there a woman who’s bisexual and polyamorous with a female primary partner? How do you navigate through your wants and needs?
What should I say to a girl so that she is unable to say no to me?
A girl says she's in love with me over text, so how do I make her fall even more in love with me?
How do I treat a man who only messages me shortly before or after midnight just to tell me good night?
What happened to your ex who left you for someone else?
Is it rude to tell a girl you don't care if she looks bad?
How do I treat a girl who entertains her boyfriend’s friends better than her own boyfriend?
Why am I never anyone's first choice?
This guy showed interest in me and treated me like his girlfriend but suddenly became cold. What should I do?
Is a relationship with a student good or bad?
What's wrong with "I am sure to you."?
What should I do if girls look at me and boys complain that I am so handsome?
I'm attracted to girls and I want to start dating them but I am still "in the closet". I'm also afraid of heartbreak. What should I do?
I am deeply in love with a girl 2 years older than me. What does that tell about me?
What should you do if a girl friendzoned you?
How can I find out if a guy is attracted to me?
When teens get pregnant, why do the girls get blamed and not the guys?
Is it weird for a 41-year-old guy to marry a 22-year-old woman?
Is it really worth feeling all depressed after a relationship break up?
My crush is good, but he likes my best friend (s) and he treats me like his "bro". Should I move to the same class with him?
I'm in highschool and want to take an abroad summer trip but my mom keeps saying no. We have the money but she won't even discuss it. What do I do?
How can I be happier in life? I am a 15-year-old fat and ugly girl who has no clue about the future.
Both my fiancé's ex and my ex's girlfriend are rude towards me though I have been nothing but kind to both. What gives, and how do I handle it?
Does Yami think she is beautiful?
A girl I dated ended things after 4 months because she doesn't want a boyfriend. She still wants to hang out all the time. Is there hope for us?
How can I get someone who is already taken?
How long does it take to get over being broken up with?
How would you describe someone who should most strongly consider a dating website?
Where would be a place for a first date in Seattle?
What should I do if I love two people at the same time?
What does it mean when a guy looks at you when you’re not looking, and then when you look at him, he snaps his head back to what he was doing?
If my crush talks to a lot of girls and doesn't try to talk to me, why did he talk to a girl about me staring at him?
Does a relationship with a BPD woman get shorter each time she recycles with the same partner?
How can I make my boyfriend share his problem, which he is suffering from, with me?
Do bisexuals perceive masculine and feminine beauty the same way? When you see a hot girl and a hot guy do you get the same type of tingles?
My tutor always tells me personal details about himself, opens the door for me, & treats me more like a friend than a student. Is he attracted to me?
How can I see if my guy friend/crush likes me?
How would you feel about dating a same sex partner who is somewhat religious?
How do I ask a girl for a date?
How does a fat kid get a girlfriend?
My friend eats paper and I am worried about him. What should I do?
How do I deal with a narcissist who treated me badly? Should I call him out on his behaviour or stay silent? I feel heartbroken and don't know what to do.
Does he like me even if he ignores me?
What's a movie where the guy gets his heart broken by a girl, loses his mind, and comes back years later as a super villain?
What kind of a man/boy would accept money from the woman/girl he likes? Must it be bad?
My girlfriend told me to "get the XXX out of her life", should I?
What do guys get by seeing at girls private parts? Why do they do so? Any logical answers?
A girl I like also likes me, but she also likes her one male classmate. She is confused on who to choose as her boyfriend. How can I be the man of her dreams?
I don't have any male friend like every girl has. Is it so why I am mostly ignored?
Are most guys superficial? I just want the truth. Is it all about looks?
Is there anyone who married solely due to physical attraction and ended up having a great relationship?
How do I ask for a discount from online dating coach?
How do I recognize when a guy's talking nicely instead of mistaking it for flirting?
I recently had sex with my girlfriend after a year, as I was away for a year. I ejaculated in less than three minutes. What should I do about this?
What is the correct way to have a good relationship, especially if we do not talk that often?
My friend posted something on Facebook that said, "if you text me just to ask how my kid and I are doing I won't text back." Why?
Is it wrong to break up with a girl because you know she's not for you, even if she is very good to you?
Both my girlfriend and I are going to be (only slightly) busy this summer. What are ways we could keep in touch?
I was invited by a German girl for birthday - I had to say no initially - but she tried to convince me on WhatsApp to come. What could be the reason?
What are 10 quick reasons for rejecting a guy on an arranged marriage date?
How do I know if the woman I met is scamming me?
What should I do with a person who keeps on trying to communicate to me, even if he or she knows that I do not want that?
How can I be sure that he’s not cheating on me through his phone?
My girlfriend cheated on me a few days ago for the second time. But I gave her a second chance because I really love her. Is my decision right?
How do I make my parents and my girl friend’s parents accept my love relation? I am a jobless person.
How hard is it to choose a career over a girlfriend?
What does it mean when your crush ignores you one day and seems suddenly into you on other days?
How can you tell if a girl is interested in you? How can you tell if she is uninterested?
Is it okay to have a friend with benefits and a boyfriend at the same time?
What do guys mean when they call a girl sweet looking?
Why do girls like bad guys that lie?
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and have even kissed. Is he interested in me?
What is the best way to act around a girl who you like?
How do I impress our life partner when we have 2 months of time for marriage?
Is this guy cheating if he brings his cell phone to the bathroom every time he smokes in there? He seems to read and text someone in the bathroom.
Are there any suggestions to help me to not be affected by negative insults and insecurities in my relationship?
What is the best thing to do when my girlfriend compliments my best male friend too much?
Are there any statistics around what percentage of breakups happen because the girl dumped her partner, or otherwise?
Why is it difficult for me to be submissive to my boyfriend? We are trying to start a sub/dom relationship.
Why is it that this girl doesn't show interest in me until after she rejected me?
My girlfriend is giving me mixed signals and has mood swings. What should I do?
How can I convince my commitment-phobiac crush to be in a relationship with me?
Why does my crush seem off tonight? It is like there are two of them, maybe a twin? One moment the person is flirting, and the next this person is cold.
Should a woman marry a man before she dies so he would raise her child?
Should I be in a relationship with my friend/roommate’s ex?
What will happen if I distance myself from my boyfriend?
How can I be less anxious in my relationship?
Do married men want to be able to divorce their wives simply by saying the word "divorce" 3 times (she cannot do the same)?
Has anyone regretted breaking off a relationship in hindsight?
Is it OK to date a guy who owns a gun?
If you get rejected by a girl, why is it a bad idea to ask out her sister? The first girl shouldn't care because she rejected you.
I kissed my friend, we both are into each other before, now he is seeing someone. But he still shows affection to me. What should I do?
How do I tell a person that she's annoying me all the time without hurting her feelings?
If a guy says “I don't care” but sometimes it feels like he does care, how can we know his feelings?
How does modern dating work (and not work)?
How do I find out who my girlfriend is chatting with on Facebook?
I’m 18, almost 19, and I want to stay at my BF’s house for 1 night. How do I go about asking and explaining why?
What do I do if I'm in love with someone that I don't see myself spending my future with?
How should I approach the 17 year old son of my new girlfriend?
What’s the best way to show a girl that she means the world to you?
My coworker gave me a very long smiling stare. Now she’s ignoring me. What should I do?
What are some romantic things you can do while camping with your partner?
As man I have always faced difficulty because I'm short. Should I prevent myself from having children of my own because they might suffer like me?
How do I convince a soon-to-be married man not to cheat on his fiancee with me?
Has anybody out there fallen in love online, met in person, and continued with a permanent relationship?
How do you get over the person you loved with all your heart but who is no more yours?
What are the things you did after your break-up?
There was an Indian girl on Quora who had been conferenced out of an SSB interview 9 times. Who is she?
How do I ask a guy to prom?
How do I react to my bf saying he thinks my older sister is hot?
What should you do if your girlfriend is introverted and slightly depressed because she was molested in her childhood?
How do you know if a guy you dated on and off is jealous, and how do you fix it?
How do you know when a guy likes you according to zodiac signs?
Why do girls always want to talk to their husbands?
Is it hard to have a long distance love and keep each other happy?
Is it right for a guy to break up after a blow job?
If I get rejected by a girl, how soon should I ask out another girl?
How can a guy say no without getting slapped if a girl proposes?
I had multiple occasions where I had dreams about my highschool crush even if I am already in a relationship. Why?
What makes a relationship seem beautiful, contrasting or symmetrical?
What are some psychological tricks to make your ex-girlfriend want you back?
Why do girls not like successful guys?
How can I help my boyfriend understand me as an artist?
How can I move on from a hopeless crush?
If the narcissist has discarded me and moved on, why is he still in my heart and mind?
How do I approach a stranger guy? I am very introverted and always tongue tied.
How do I forget a girl whom I love but who rejected me?
I really like this girl. We've been close friends for a year. She has a boyfriend, who is moving to another country in August. What do I do?
What lies was Robert Kennedy exposing that got the Palestinians and the British very, very upset and had him murdered?
How does a 62-year-old widow meet a decent guy?
How do I not message my girl friend "too much" and not be clingy?
Why are girls less inclined to be interested in a guy who is interested in her?
Recently, one of my friends just got into a relationship. Now when she posts pics of herself with her boyfriend, why am I getting so jealous?
What should I do? I have a female German shepherd around 10 months old. She barely eats anything, but the vet says she is fit and fine.
I'm dating a woman whom I would want to marry but I'm not sexually attracted to her. Is this a sign that the relationship is unsustainable?
Why do I always attract girls who already have a boyfriend?
Do you agree that 90% of dating is having the courage to talk to your perspective mate?
When someone asks the name of a beautiful girl you know, most people will answer the name of their girlfriend or wife. So what’s the use of asking that?
Did it ever happen that while in a relationship you got distracted, developed slight feelings for someone else, but now you are happy with your girlfriend?
Am I not feeling love for my boyfriend because I have depression, or because I don't love him?
If I ask someone to let me know to whom and what they're talking about, am I being controlling?
I am not bad-looking, but I always get rejected for relationship. Why?
Does a guy feel scared in this situation?
If I think it’s likely we’ll break up, but we wanted to travel alone together/with friends this summer, should I still go? Are last hurrah trips ok?
What girl trends do guys hate?
I am shy, and I want to ask my crush if he likes me, without there being any pressure. We are good friends. How should I ask him?
Can I find a man that would love me now and not my money?
How do I know if he is right for marriage?
Will I get over this break up someday?
A guy told me that he never had to ask a girl out to figure out if she likes him? How is this possible?
How quickly can a girl know whether she is interested in a guy or not?
My parents don't talk to me anymore. They don’t even allow my siblings to contact me. What can I do?
What are some pet names for a lover that will make her love you more than before?
Why didn’t Harry Potter marry Cho Chang? Was it because of her race, her flat face, or because she is not attractive?
To which song should I propose to her to?
Has anyone met a boyfriend/girlfriend on Quora?
How can I show him that I really like him without him thinking that I'm lying or just being a stupid teenager?
What would you do when you like a colleague so bad but dating is not allowed in your office?
Is it wrong to be in a relationship because you want kids?
Is it right for me to find a girlfriend if I am a somewhat bad person, how could I find someone similar?
What would you do if you extremely liked someone's personality and mind, but you weren't physically attracted to them?
How do I know if my hubby is cheating on me? I have a girl's name and a number. Though he is into film direction, the msg. didn't read right.
My boyfriend has decided to choose his friends over me. Should I leave him forever?
I love my girlfriend, we've been together for over a year, but I feel like I'm losing my feelings/interest, why am I feeling this way?
What do you think about a relationship between an Indonesian girl and an Italian guy? Is it possible? We know that those are very different, like night and day.
My girlfriend is more popular than me, what do I do?
When do the highs of dating a narcissit wear off?
How do you handle your mother and your lovely girlfriend, who soon could be your wife? Whom should you give the first priority over the other?
Why couldn't Ahsoka Tano feel whoever killed Letta Turmond in prison and why she couldn't feel that it wasn't Ventress but Barriss who attacked her?
How do I tell the difference between a friendly crush and romantic crush?
How do you ask a girl/lady to have sex with you without being disgraced?
How do I tell someone that I don't want to pursue a relationship with them without hurting their feelings?
Sometimes things take a while to work out. Is this true for relationships?
Is it safe to continue dating a guy who hacks you on social media?
My best friends told my crush that I like him, what do I do?
Why did my disheveled, unhygienic, narcissist, ex boyfriend drop me and try to upgrade to what he saw as a more upper class woman?
How can I make my girlfriend feel like a woman?
Have you ever dated a sikh guy/girl? Share your experience.
I talk to my girlfriend's friends but she won't make an effort to get to know my friends. If we are to have a future, what should I do?
How do white boys in the US feel about dating Indian girls? Do they respect Indian cultures?
Is she interested or just thinks of me as a friend?
I like this girl and we've been on dates. Although she denies them, she still goes with me. What does this mean?
How can you know if he is just not that into you?
Does Michael Scheuer have valid arguements or does he just want to spread disinformation?
My girlfriend is texting and calling me but I failed to answer. She became upset on me, is this a negative sign?
There is a guy that I love and I have a huge crush on him. He is really sweet and good-looking. How can I be one of his friends and eventually, boyfriend?
Is it normal to feel jealous when your girlfriend says that she thinks a celebrity is "hot"?
What are your thoughts on a 50-year-old man dating a 25-year-old woman?
I love my work, but I feel it won't let me grow in my career. What should I do?
I met a girl on a dating app, but saw her friend, and she is much cuter. How do I get her to hook me up with her friend?
How can I tell my crush's friend to help me and my crush get together (her friend knows that I like her)?
I am 18 and my girl is 17, so can I take her to a room, which I'll book, as she is a minor?
How can I deal with the pressure of my relationship?
I haven't heard from my boyfriend since we had an argument (a week ago). He keeps ignoring me, it hurts so bad. What should I do?
My ex who has a boyfriend wants to hook up. How do I approach this?
Why did a guy send a picture that said “thinking of you” to me?
What if my ex comes back and asks me to marry him again? How should I respond?
Did someone love a girl for 10 years and later end up losing her?
How does it feel to be a straight guy? Even if you see a guy with his abs showing and muscles pumping you won't feel a thing?
What is it like to date an Odia boy?
Laura's sister-stalker isn't her twin, of course. So, who is this sister-stalker and why is she going after the well-spoken Laura Ruhl?
I went on a date with a girl. After the date, we haven't spoken/ texted each other. Is it rude? Shall I text her?
When you first talked to your partner how did he react?
Have you ever been asked out completely by surprise?
If you ask a girl in a public library if she has a boyfriend and she tells you she’s not going to answer that, what does it mean?
It's been five months and I still think about my ex every day. Is this normal?
How can I have sex with a female I want to with whom I meet everyday but can't talk about it?
I embarassed myself in front of my crush? Is it really that bad? What should I do?
My boyfriend wants to go to Israel one day. What should he expect when he gets there?
Why would an ex or crush even attempt to play games with a person?
How can I seek vengeance against my ex girlfriend without causing any physical harm to her?
How do you know if a boy really likes you as a girlfriend?
Why can't I focus on liking one girl?
Can a damaged girl ever truly be loved by a good man?
How do I overcome being in love with Ariana Grande because I don't ever have a chance with her?
Did Dylan McIntyre tell his dad about his cheating girlfriend and if so, how did it go?
We went on two dates, how should I plan the third one? We went to an open market on the first and hiking on the second. We only hugged once.
Does it mean anything when a guy lets you take a bite of his food?
Is there anything wrong with loving to be a slob?
Do you think that it's rare to find someone that actually loves you for you and accepts you for who you are?
I've liked this boy for 9 months already and he rejected me 3 times, and I can't seem to get over him. How do I stop my feelings for him?
What is the culture of India about dating?
Why do I feel bad upon seeing my boyfriend joking around with his friends?
Is it a good idea to send my date a message the evening before that I’m looking forward to it?
I am in love with a girl and she loves me too but she is apprehensive of our marriage, what should I do?
I like this guy and he noticed me looking at him and he keeps pointing to me and saying something to his friends. Is he calling me weird?
I always feel like my gf is not telling me something, how can I ask her?
Are you suppose to be lonesome when you are married?
How can I know if this guy is genuine or just playing or is a scammer?
What lie was Robert Kennedy exposing that cost him his life?
What would you do if your ex disrespects you, but don't want to lose her as person?
I can't talk to my crush and it's driving me insane. How do I talk to her?
Should I express my feelings to my best friend?
Is it a good idea to tell a person that you're gonna ask them out before you ask them out?
What does it mean if I'm the only one who’s initiating conversations or meet-ups?
Can a guy like someone else whilst entering a new relationship?
How do I get to talk to a shy and strange guy?
What's the solution when my boyfriend left me and it wasn't my fault? It was my sister's. How can I make him listen? He blocked me.
If you find out that your ex-boyfriend (who was going to buy you a ring) nailed his colleague, what would you say to that girl?
This woman somehow got my number and saying she slept w/ my man and my man said he doesn't even know her. How do I know he's telling me the truth?
Guys, what was your best "player move" back in the day?
How can you tell when a boy is dating you out of pity?
This self-promoter mentioned the words, ‘I and me’ more than 80 times in a 24 minute address. Who is this person?
How do I get back at my cheating girl friend?
What should be the three important things for a perfect relationship?
If I traveled to North Korea and started flirting with a woman, would she be interested in me? Or would she hate me?
It is necessary to tell my new boyfriend about my ex?
What should I call my girlfriend?
Should I always receive money from my boyfriend?
What can I do if I don't love a guy like he does?
Why should you never ask out a friend of a girl that rejected you?
Is there a real true psychic that can tell me if my girlfriend really loves me and only me?
A lot of guys told me that they masturbate with my picture. It feels so weird. Should I still talk to them?
What does ‘fighting fair’ mean?
So I tend to like guys who have no chance of ever liking me back. And that depresses me alot. How do I deal with it?
How I can deal with the trouble of trying to catch a girl?
If a woman before actually talking to you deeply, she decided to let her family know you're talking to her. Is it a good sign she wants you?
Do women like car guys?
Whenever I ask my boyfriend for marriage, he only delays. He never says no. But my parents want me to get married. What should I do?
I had a childhood crush on Michael Jackson, is it wrong?
Why do Indian guys try to use Quora like it's a dating website? Don't they know it's not for that purpose?
How do I spot a cheater on the first date?
Is it fine to marry a girl who has been in a relationship with nearly 3 to 4 boys?
What does it mean when a guy offers you his t-shirt?
My old friend has yet to apologize for how he made me feel worthless. Should I forgive and move on, or should I keep asking him for an apology?
What does the ending of Samurai Jack mean?
If some stranger girls make too much eye contact while passing beside me, is she attracted to me?
Is it a good idea to ask my girlfriend out again?
A girl is offering me to have sex with her, what should I do?
How can I know if my partner is cheating on me in a long distance relationship?
How do I confess my deep feeling to my guy genuinely without being dramatic?
Do you think I have any hope of finding someone who will at least like me (romantically)?
What are some subtle methods I can use to get a girl to confess her feelings?
As a divorced mom, 49, how do I get back into dating educated stable men? It's been 23 years since I last dated.
How do I hint to a girl that you want to date her?
What should someone call his/her future fiancee/fiance as 'AAP' or 'tum'?
Are there places in Guwahati where I can take my girlfriend at 5 am for a romantic and private date?
Is a boyfriend who loves a lot but is so insecure that he keeps me away from my male friends worth keeping?
What was challenging in your transition from dating to marriage?
Should you let a narcissist know he broke your heart?
Is it possible to date an Emirate woman?
How do I handle ignorance from a girl I had sex with?
I am 21. But I don't have a girlfriend. What should I do?
Should I cast my pride aside to give someone another chance?
How do I win a girl’s heart?
Is it acceptable to let your boyfriend have sex with other women when you are in a long-distance relationship?
What does American call dating mean? To allow their children to meet?
Should I marry a girl who is older than I am and who is a divorcee?
My ex jumped in a new relationship w/o telling her he had been in a 14 year relationship. Is this new relationship doomed because of this lie?
If I was meaner than I meant to be when I broke up, should I apologize?
What happens when you don't nurture your relationship?
I'm 18 years old Indian boy but my girlfriend is 10 months older than me. I'm 175 cm tall and she is 158 and she is Chinese. Is this okay?
Is it normal to have a huge crush on SMB?
How can I get a girl to fall in love with me? What are the qualities that enable you to do that?
After flashpoint was fixed, how come Barry didn't know Iris and Joe weren't talking but everyone else acted like he was there the whole time?
I’m a 24-year-old female and he's 51. Would you consider this age gap to be "weird"?
Is asking someone an ETA wrong?
How does one break up a marriage to seduce someone?
Why do most girls date us just to make their ex-partners jealous?
How can I let my ex-girlfriend know how much I love her and how sorry I am that I messed up our relationship?
Is it very rare to find a girl with both physical beauty and good at heart?
Do girls propose to boys?
Why would a girl not know my name if I’ve told her a thousand times, and I show up a lot?
How can I stop feeling that no one will ever love me or want me romantically?
Have girls ever rejected a guy and found that he ended up getting another girl shortly afterwards?
Is it sad that I'm 18 and still watch how to get a girlfriend videos?
What would you do if your girlfriend talks to her friend in their native language in front of you?
How do I get over my love for my lifelong best friend because I'm terrified to tell her?
How does progression in relationships work?
Is it true that if a guy was interested in a girl after a few dates, he would call or text daily?
My friend told his crush he loved her, but she didn't know how to feel. His friend told her the same, and it seemed to go better. What should he do?
Is it a turnoff for girls when a guy has been rejected by a lot of girls?
Could this guy have a crush on me because he stares at me when I’m not looking, glances at me, fixes his hair and gets nervous when I'm around?
What should I do when I feel like my girlfriend is cheating?
How do I know that my GF really loves me?
How can I make a girl I love not hate me?
My girlfriend sees the possibility of her leaving me for another person for the second time in two weeks, and I feel humilliated. What should I do?
My daughter is moving away after getting married, she wants me to move closer or move in with her. Is that a good idea?
What is the meaning of “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
Does moving in together mean a relationship?
How do you differentiate between being a masculine woman and a man?
Why can’t I make eye contact with girls?
Why am I overemotional?
Is there a term for a female who used to like boys, but does not like girls?
How have you got over your ex you dumped and then you happened to see him/her dating again?
What does it mean when your female friend texts her other guy friend that she is by herself in the mall while she is actually with you?
Why is my girlfriend so shy around me compared to other people? We've been dating for almost a month and she still is very shy around me.
When is the right time to have sex with your boyfriend?
What is the best thing to do if the woman you love doesn't want to get into a relationship because she is focused on her career & obtaining a master’s?
Why do Americans "propose" to their girlfriends?
Can my girlfriend leave her husband for me?
Should I stop being annoyed that my boyfriend calls another woman "baby"?
Why isn't he interested in coming back to me again, even when I told him I changed my mind about sex? Why can't I seem to forget him?
Is it true that women expect men to pay for dates?
What does it mean when you enter a room, and a guy says, "wow"?
Is the guy I'm dating interested in me if he takes so long to message me back?
If someone is forcing a girl to hang out with him, and I try to stand between them, and he pulls a gun or knife, do I have the right to do the same in self-defense?
Is being physically intimate with one woman then having sex with another on the same day and lying about it being disrespectful to her?
Will an IITian be interested in dating a non-IITian girl?
Can I ever date a Scorpio man since I'm a Leo woman?
How do I contact my crush if she isn’t on any social media?
Why does this guy care that I didn't message him?
Louise (FoZ) somehow summons Magnus (WH40k) as her familiar, though he, of course, is not going to be such a thing. What does he do to Halkeginia?
What are the telling signs of someone loving you if he or she is already with someone?
Should a guy marry a girl who has decided to never consummate the marriage? Should the guy keep up his hopes and get married? Both are good friends.
If I’m 27 years old, then how can I represent India in athletics?
Why do I get so jealous when my girlfriend spends time with male friends?
What's a good short love letter for your girlfriend on your two month anniversary? We are young so we can't do much.
When do you know when to stop chasing someone you love?
Is it fair for me to ask my girlfriend to cut off contact with her former friend with benefits/casual companion?
What happens if you have feelings with one of your teachers, like a relationship?
In a society like India, will a guy be tolerant enough to marry a girl who is much more educated than he is?
How do I make girlfriends who are 3 or 4 years older than me?
Do you stay with the love of your life even when it feels like there's no hope left?
Why do girls complain about other girls (even best friends) when they are not in front of them?
What if you feel that girl is just the one for you? Do you chase her to death even if being together looks so hard currently, even after so many years?
Why are me and my ex still so close after our breakup?
How can I be of help during my girlfriend’s period?
I'm a guy and so is my best friend, and also I'm in love with him. What must I do?
Every time I am alone for a long time, I feel like I am losing my mind. What is wrong with me?
If someone on Quora asked you out to see a movie or go to a disco, would you consider it?
Why would a divorced man get back together with his ex-wife right after dating me and then realizing that it wasn't going to work?
I am single for 11 years. What is wrong with me?
How do I behave with an ex crush and current friend?
Why do I find it so hard to get over my crush?
Now that I've decided that online dating is the worst idea ever, how should I go about meeting nice people in the real world?
There's another woman in his life. She entered his life when we almost broke up. We want to be together again. How do we come out of this situation?
Is there any girl who is not satisfied​ with marriage?
If your partner cheated on you, is it possible to forgive him and continue the relationship?
I have a crush on my best friend's older sister, what do I do?
Why do girls behave in a jealous and immature about their husbands, and don’t allow him to go out with a friend or talk to her in-laws?
When we say hello to a girl on Facebook and she doesn't reply, what is going in her mind or attitude? Does this mean she doesn’t want to talk to strangers?
What do you do if you want to be with someone who would tell you that they will try but that you could never match or replace their ex?
Who is the girl in Tai Lopez’s video/Instagram? Is it his girlfriend, friends, cousin, or just a random hot girl (gold digger)?
My fiancé and I never get along anymore, what should I do?
My ex didn't call me after I texted that I regret dumping him and wanted to talk, but he still likes my pictures. I'm confused. Should I give him more space?
Why is it that, when my one guy friend and I hang out, we seem to always hang out for 7+hours at a time?
Is it okay to stay in a marriage just for the benefits when you're dating someone else that you say you love and want to plan a future with?
No matter how hard I try, my girl's expectations are too high and our problems never get solved. How can I fix this?
Do guys like girls around 5'2″?
Have you ever gotten back with an ex, when you thought 100% that would never happen?
How do I confess to my teacher that I've liked him for half a month already? He is now a student studying Law and our ages are 7 years apart.
Why should I even bother with girls if I have always been rejected by them?
My boyfriend licked my face when I had sunscreen on. Is he in any harm?
Can a girl make herself anorexic?
My new girlfriend wants me to have a beard. I've let it grow for two weeks and don't like it. She says it makes me more attractive. What should I do?
She only said that it is sin, but didn't say that she will feel sad if I die. Why should I listen to what she said?
What are some signs that a women is not likely to respond favorably to you starting a conversation with her?
So there's this girl that I follow on Instagram and she's really pretty. I want to get to know her, should I text her?
What does the perfect relationship look like and how would it function?
How would you feel if your boyfriend/girlfriend have no friends at all?
When does love happen? Why does it happen? I was friends with someone for a long time, “just friends” friends, but then suddenly, out of nowhere, I loved.
Has your boyfriend/girlfriend died in front of you?
How would you know if you’re chatting/talking to your possible boyfriend?
Are girls and boys allowed to date in LNMIIT?
Why would someone make private their relationship status on FB? Especially when you can link to their partner that says married?
Should you split up with your partner if they want you to become Christian?
Where can I find someone who is single and who wants to be in a relationship?
What would happen if I marry again without divorcing my husband first?
What are some things a girl should know about guys?
What makes a man irresistible to you?
Do guys like girls who play guitar?
Im taking a girl out in Birmingham for the day for a date where shall we go as its our 4th date?
What do you like about your ex and still miss?
Is it possible to reconcile after a dirty break up, especially when we still love each other, despite foolish banter?
How should I know how much to compromise in a relationship?
I'm in talks with a potential employer but when ever I talk to him I feel sunken, like someone died. Should I consider this as a signal?
How can you tell if your boyfriend is not in love with you anymore?
There is this girl I like. She has a friend that likes me. Today she told me some shocking stuff about the girl I like. Is she lying?
Asking my girl to always talk to me, to share everything with me, to care about me and meet frequently is leading to more arguments. What should I do?
If a guy that likes me got mad and blocked me because I didn't reply, does that mean he actually cares or doesn't care about me?
In a fight, I hit my best friend. On Sunday is her birthday dinner, to which she uninvited me. She said that we could talk next week. What should I do?
After one year apart from a borderline ex-gf, is there any chance that we can rekindle our relationship?
My girlfriend is constantly in debt and I am always dragging her out. How do I help?
I recently cut my best friend out of my life, but now she's having family issues and I feel like I abandoned her. Should I bring her back into my life?
Does my crush like me back? If so, what should I do next?
How are Odia guys? Do they like northern girls?
How are so many men able to trick women with false promises of marriage or a long-term relationship, given that it's the oldest trick in the book?
Did he friendzone me? He said "For as long as we stay friends."
What does it mean when a guy stares and smiles at you while you are out together?
Can we marry an unsettled guy for whom we may have to compromise our own career?
Is it okay for a boy to date a girl if they are one year apart (age wise) but 3 grades apart? (The guy is the older one.)
What should I do? He confessed his love to me, but each time he was drunk and called me the next day just to apologize for saying all that.
How do I control my insecurity and jealousy over my girlfriend?
What do girls think about one-sided lovers? Do girls actually feel sympathatic for them or just creepy?
My wife said she love me but she said she don't believe in herself, what can I do?
Who is Alexa Bliss sleeping with in the WWE, because her wrestling skills suck but she keeps being the champ?
Is kissing her on the forehead after asking her out a good thing to do?
If my friend sneakily clicks some pictures of me, what are the laws that I can use for complaining against him?
Do you ever get rid of a narcissistic ex?
My ex-friend said very homophobic things, and now that I'm calling her out on it, she's telling everyone I'm lying. What should I do?
Is it a bad idea to add a male coworker on Facebook? I have a secret crush on him and I think he is flirting also but he's not adding me. Should I?
How does a girl flirt over text?
How do I ignore my boyfriend to the point where he questions his own existence?
How do I know she is not proud of me?
Do outgoing guys get scared of talking to girls they like, and does staring without looking away indicate attraction?
What should I say when I'm calling a girl on Skype that I like? I'm nervous.
Do you guys like fat babes?
What's the best method of getting girls?
Is it unreasonable to dislike someone who likes your former crush?
My boyfriends dad doesn't like me at all. How should I handle this?
Should I call up my 28yr old son's work & tell them how much of a loser, thief & a liar he is so that he can learn? Would that make me a bad person?
My boyfriend cursed me because we have little misunderstanding, can I marry that kind of person?
What are the questions you want to ask a guy when you are going to marry him?
Is it unfair for me to ask my flatmate to at least tell me when she has guests?
How can I trust my partner?
How did the fat guy drink a bottle of water in one second?
What is your advice to partners of porn actors worried about their ability to satisfy him/her knowing he/she has had experiences with professionals?
One of my friends likes a boy. He knows, and when I joked and said "Oh, he totally likes you," he seemed a bit bothered by it. Should I do anything?
What can I do if a girl doesn't want to get more attached to me now as this will hurt her in the future?
How do I get "unstuck" in my thinking that no one will want to be in a relationship with me because I am fat?
A guy I used to like passed away by suicide, I think I like a new guy but he painfully looks like the guy that passed away, how do I handle this?
As a Muslim parent, will you allow your underage girl to get married to a man much older than she is?
Do you think you would have fallen in a strong love if you never met your spouse?
What are some interesting topics or things to do on a date to the park & library?
Why do you think Princess Diana chose to date Muslim men as the last 2 romantic relationships of her life?
What should I do when a relationship becomes complicated?
How regularly do girls get dirty messages and how do they respond?
What does it mean if a guy says "I had a crush on you during college days. That’s why I didn't come near you"?
How do I get over my boyfriend who left me because I have cancer?
I cursed a girl I know out on Facebook Messenger. She didn't reply, but she didn't delete me or unfriend me. What does this mean?
What does it mean when your friend asks the guy you're talking to what he thinks about you and he says it's different?
Can a distance relationship be productive?
How long should you wait after ending a relationship, before dating again?
Why is there this one girl that I can't seem to stop being interested in?
How can I just be friends with a girl I love with whom I was once in a relationship?
Would it ever be okay to ask someone out that you've already asked out before?
I feel for a girl but currently she is in a relationship, but the time spent with me makes me sure she has feelings for me, what should I do?
Should I talk again to my ex-boyfriend and sort things out?
My ex boyfriend told my friend (when he was drunk) he was with me only for sex. How can somebody act they're in love, just to get what they want?
How do I get my ex out of my mind?
How should I hate my ex-boyfriend whom I still love?
All my life, I never received any female attention. Suddenly this girl starts getting attached to me for no reason. But I don't feel anything. Why?
Is it true all men cheat? As a man, does this statement offend you? As a woman, would you end your relationship over cheating?
How do I stop fanstasizing about my ex and move on?
How can I approach someone who doesn't know me?
Why do you want to love a person who loves you like hell?
Could my girlfriend have gotten trichomoniasis from me even though I have not had intercourse with anyone else but her?
If you break up with someone but they keep in touch, what does this mean?
I fell hard for someone I only dated for 1 month. He dumped me after sex. Now, I often see him in our small town. How do I get over it? It's been almost 6 months.
What’s the best method for getting girls?
How can a guy after breakup prevent being attracted to anyone?
What would happen if you start loving your best friend, but you also love your girlfriend? What direction is your relationship going to take?
How is it to date a bisexual girl who is already in a relationship with another girl?
How can I tell if he liked what he felt when he put his finger inside of me?
Is liking guys who are loners, smart and have no life, bad?
My ex-boyfriend of 7 years dumped me. Now he sent indirect messages showing he still cares. I want to move on but I’m confused. What should I do?
I am talking online to a man for marriage and have fallen for him before even seeing him in person. Does he love me?
I told someone yesterday something I had never told anyone before. Is it weird that instead of feeling lighter and happier I feel heavier?
I told my brother I wish he would die in a car crash because he has choked me multiple times and he called me a horrible person. Am I?
What is it like to date someone like your mum's age?
What does it mean when he says “let’s take it slow,” then he suddenly stops calling you? Does it mean that he lost interest?
I have a boyfriend but I flirted with another guy. Should I tell him?
Why would a girl who rejected me be offended if I asked out another girl?
I've asked a couple girls to prom but gotten rejected both times. How many girls should I ask before I give up?
Why does a guy keep talking bad about his online dates?
What should I do if a girl controls me sexually?
I have a friend who wants to cut. Should I stop him or encourage him?
What does it mean when a girl says no to your proposal, but still stays in contact with you?
A couple weeks ago I asked a girl out over text message, and she said she'll let me know when she is free. She never did. What does this mean?
Why is it so hard to attract a woman?
How can I be less anxious in my relationship? And how can I learn to take a step back and let them take control?
Why can’t I insult someone when I know he is making a fool of me? Is he doing wrong or is he trying to manipulate me?
What will a girlfriend feel when a boy has a closed penis?
Why did my friend start ignoring me when she came to know that I am in love with her?
What was the most memorable first date you ever had?
How do you know when to move on from a 6-year relationship full of mostly downs, when the same boundaries are being crossed?
How can I approach a guy who doesn't even know I exist?
Can a married woman who had intimacy with a single guy and who knows that she doesn’t enjoy intimacy with her husband still want to live with him?
My sister died 2 days ago. She was an alcoholic and we often fell out. I feel terrible. What should I do?
After breakup, she says she still loves me, but she had stopped feeling, caring and bothering about it. What should I do to fix it back?
A boy who once abused me in front of the whole class (he called me a whore) wants​ to be in a relationship with me. What should I do?
A girl I like a lot hasn't talked to me in 3 years. How do I break this ice? Even if we are just friends, I love talking to her and miss it badly.
What should I do if after 6 years of relationship I feel like I don't love my partner anymore?
How should I text this girl that likes me when I usually come on strong?
Where could you find a Pakistani girl who would like to have a Chinese boyfriend?
Would you go back to your ex girlfriend if she says it's going to be on terms and conditions?
Is it all right that I’m a 66-year-old woman and I still think that farts are funny?
How do I stop feeling worthless and get over a girl who broke up via text? It was very disrespectful, and she said she doesn’t explain when she doesn’t care.
How can I meet a good man, for a serious relationship?
What if my girlfriend wants her ex back but she can't say it?
I am in middle school, and I have a crush on my friend. How do I tell him/her?
Why would my crush (female) avoid me?
Is it right to look at others while in a relationship with someone?
Why does a girl wait for a guy's birthday? What is special about that?
Why do guys flirt and show they care at first and then move on after they show an interest?
What should do if I like a girl, but she already has a boyfriend?
If a girl feels jealous about her loved one’s besties (girls), does it mean that she doesn’t trust him?
Why is it that men in the age range of 30 to 44 are vehemently against their mothers (60+) being romantically involved with men who are in their 20s?
This guy was madly in love with me, why is he ignoring me?
If I'm arguing with someone and I tell them to slap me and they do, is it still considered battery/assault?
Is it possible to love two ladies so much at the same time?
What should you do to talk to a girl who is in some other school & you don't even know anyone from her school?
Why does a man grab my thigh several times on a first date (US)?
Is it wrong to hate my boyfriend’s ex?
Having had serious relationships with people of several races, I understand interracial relationships. But why do some people refuse to date their own race?
How do you deal with a fiance who has trust issues because of his past?
Many guys go out and talk with me because they want to have sex with me. I hate my body because no one loves me truthfully with his heart. What can I do?
Is it good that my ex blocked me again after my accident?
Should I befriend a guy who already has a girlfriend?
Why am I always texting my friends first? What does this mean?
Can men love? Why do men want a physical relationship even if they don’t have feelings of liking or loving someone?
What can make dating strong?
The girl I had a crush on made me her best friend and told me about her getting in relationship with someone. What should I do?
A guy does not want to talk to a girl privately but wants to be seen in public talking and having conversations with her. What is going on?
In Pride and Prejudice, if a girl got married, would the estate go to her or would it still go to Mr Collins? Would her husband change his name?
How can I approch my crush?
Why are teenage girls who don't seem to ever be in relationships giving relationship advice on Quora and still getting lots of followers and upvotes?
I like a girl in my office who sits near me. We don't know each other. How can I know if she has similar feelings for me? I feel shy talking to her.
What are the indications a married woman is interested in me for the long term?
What does it mean when a popular guy doesn't want to end the conversation; always bringing up topics but only replies after several days? Should I stop texting him?
Is it okay to have a girlfriend while I am happily married?
Will my forty-year-old uncle become my boyfriend as a teenager?
Should I have a gf or be single for the time?
India, for the love of parents, a girl who never wanted to marry is now arranged to a boy who is being forced. They just met; what should the boy share?
I'm in love with a girl who studies in the same college that I study in, but how do I approach her on text?
Why does a ex throw me a text once in a while when she is getting married? She said that life is good, but still sends me a text every 2 months.
Do girls respect when guys are in a relationship?
Is it hard to love a girl?
Why don't beautiful girls get asked out?
Is it okay that my girlfriend and I broke up, but we chose to remain best friends?
Is it weird to have a crush on someone you have neither met nor seen their face but you know each other indirectly through someone else?
My mom keeps crying cause she is sick and dying. What can I say to her to make her feel better?
As a male, would you stay with a very hot, sexy girl, who punches you from time to time?
How do I get over being attracted to someone who doesn't like me back? (I'm a female, he's a male.)
A girl is fatty and has teeth gaps. She is kind-hearted and a good student. Will the guys who already know her find her approachable if she looks good?
After flashpoint was fixed, how come Barry didn't know Iris and Joe weren't talking but everyone else acted like he was there the whole time?
If a guy you don't know stares at you a lot, does that mean he likes you?
I am 45 and I am in love with a 30 year old woman. Can such a relationship happen and last?
Before interacting with Daniel Kahneman, did you have any preconceived perception of him or his way of doing things that changed after meeting him?
Does this girl like me? She always looks at me, and she liked my Facebook cover and profile picture. Should I message her or wait?
What are my feelings for a girl that I actually want to talk with and get to know, being a girl?
How do I know if the photos someone is sending to me belong to him?
A girl is fat and she has gaps in her teeth. She is kind and a good student. Will guys who already know her find her more attractive if she looks better?
I feel broken and confused. How do I get back to where I was before?
How do I propose to my girlfriend on a WhatsApp group without knowing others?
Is it ok to expect in relationships?
My friend just told me she's going to kill herself. What should I do?
How do I talk to a girl who is always around their friends?
Do I have to see my separated dad if I don't want to see him?
Is it healthy to try hard just because you think "then you become a better person and deserve a girl who is better than you"?
There's this girl that keeps staring in my direction in every class we have together. I try to avoid eye contact with her. Does she like me?
Is it okay if I keep showing attitude to boys because I love being single and free?
How can I get over to an ex gf when we are in the same company and lives in the same house?
I’m getting anxious when my girlfriend isn't texting back. How can I deal with/stop this?
Why would women regularly exchange real phone numbers with a man, but never respond or answer thereafter?
The guy I like is moving away. I never got the chance to get close to him. Should I tell him how I feel before he leaves in a couple of weeks?
Why is it that I keep attracting men that always hurt me in the end?
What is the experience of dating in Zurich?
What does it mean when my friend gave me his house key?
Do you think that by seeing a sketch of a criminal, you can easily identify him even in a mob?
Do guys like simple gifts too?
Is it inappropriate to make a 15 year old boy's love interest a 17 year old boy in my story?
If a boy constantly avoids a girl, what is the meaning of that?
I'm in mad love with my crush. But she just advised to me get into a rebound relationship. Is that good or bad?
Is a mother homophobic if she does not want her 16-year-old son to date a 17-year-old boy who she thinks is a bully?
My crush called me a savage. What does that mean?
What should I do? I find her sexually attractive and she finds me beautiful, but isn’t in love apparently.
When my bf Isaiah's parents were holding him after he fell out of bed & hit his head when he was 10, why did they rub his head & back?
What does it mean when the guy you like keeps trying to get you to look him in the eyes?
How can I tell an old close friend about the feeling of pain I was having without scaring her?
There is a beautiful girl at my college. How do I talk to her and make her my girlfriend?
Can you be inlove with a married man and you just can't let him go?
How can I stop thinking about someone who I'm not sure that this person loves me?
I went out on a date, and he left the date when he saw me texting on my phone. Did I do something wrong?
She's in love with me but has a slutty past, how do I get over my paranoia of her cheating on me?
Do you have a boyfriend? If not, then what are the qualities you are looking for in your dream partner?
Can I get my boyfriend back for the third time?
I know that a boy really likes me but he never tries to tell me about it. I want him to be straight forward. What should I do?
What are subtle things women will say to hint at guys?
Why do I always end up in dysfunctional relationships? I have not been in many serious relationships but those that were usually always ended badly.
Why did my friend suddenly start ignoring me when she came to know that I was in love with her?
How can I make a girl feel special when I don't feel special about myself?
Why are women interested in flaunting their curves and later say boys disturb them?
How can I get a girlfriend if I have a disability and severe facial disfigurement?
How should I respond to a girl who walks up to me and asks me for sex (no strings attached)?
If he is not interested in talking and chatting with me, how can one keep one’s patience?
How do I refuse someone who is trying to get my number? I kindly talk to him because of my work, and maybe he's only trying to make friends, but I don't like it.
Is it not good (or not natural) if a girl doesn't have a boyfriend at the age of 22?
Do you, as a slim guy, prefer slim girls?
Do you think it's okay to talk to her because I'm worried and depressed and it makes me feel better?
Why are the DC police calling the Seth Rich assasination a robbery when he was shot in the back and still had his watch and wallet on him?
What does it mean when a guy is protective of you and doesn't like you talking to other guys?
Is it sad to be 18 and not know how to get a girlfriend?
Why don't women "cold approach" men?
I am married for two months now and I got to know my spouse is cheating on me. I want to confront about it through mail. Is it the right way?
How do I make my girl friend want to see me in person more often?
Do girls approach guys in DTU?
If a guy has no interest in seeing you, but is still interested in talking to you, what does that mean?
Can a 13 year old date a 15 year old?
Why would you avoid your crush?
I'm attracted to my friend, but he's straight. How can I admit my attraction to him without making things awkward?
How do I not know when I like someone?
Should I date someone who doesn't want to marry me?
What are some questions to ask my significant other on date night?
Why do you want to remain single and not want to marry in India?
What's the best way to message a girl you like but whom you haven't talked to in a couple of weeks? (I have social anxiety.)
I'm afraid that if I leave my girlfriend, no one else will give her the love she deserves. This makes me feel trapped. What can I do?
What is the minimum salary a girl should expect from her prospective life partner in a non-metro area in India?
How can you trust a man who cheated on you more than 5 times?
What could be his feelings towards me? How to find out?
Should you get to know a girl first before asking a girl on a date?
When your crush asks you why are you in love with him, what will your answer be?
What should I do as I am addicted to talking to a boy who is just a friend, but I feel sick when he doesn't reply to me and when he ignores me?
Why do women assume you had a bad relationship with your mother just because you don't like women in general?
Why do most boys become more interested in married women?
How can I tell if a guy I am seeing has a small package?
What will I do about my love as he is too much short-tempered?
Who is the woman in MLTR 'Someday' video shot in Bali? What's her name and where is she now?
How long have you lived with your significant other? How old are you both and how often do you have sex?
What feelings do you go through when you have a crush on someone?
Does closure exist after a bad breakup?
I have never thought of living without her, even she doesn't like but I do. I just want to live with her. Will my dream come true?
Should I ask an old friend out again?
I love a girl, I think she loves me but I'm not sure and I'm scared to destroy my friendship. What should I do?
What do guys like about Sanam Puri?
What should I do if the guy I like has a girlfriend?
According to men, what does it mean if a guy goes for a full-on make-out after the first date? (The date went well but my nerves made the kiss awkward/not great.)
My mind is a lot disturbed due to my relationship and I am not able to focus on studies and career. I love her a lot. What should I do?
What are the expectations in a relationship while in college?
Does my boyfriend like me if he shoved my face?
How do you know that a girl really love you?
Can I have a boyfriend while I’m waiting for my divorce?
What does “call girl” mean?
If a girl wants to die for her love, then doesn't she know the value of parents?
How can I get the man I admire to notice me?
Why am I thinking about someone who doesn’t know me?
Over which topics should a couple in a relationship talk about?
Is it possible to find a guy who does not think of sex all the time but who can think of romance as something emotional, too and not just physical?
If I can't get a girlfriend, is it because I'm not trying hard enough?
What's the risk of asking somebody out who's in a relationship, other than them rejecting you?
Do you think I have any hope of finding someone who will at least like me (romantically)?
Is there ever a situation where asking someone out is not worth the risk?
Would you walk away from a relationship where the partner has child support arrears?
A couple weeks ago I asked a girl out over text message, and she said she'll let me know when she is free. She never did. What does this mean?
How should I accept the harsh truth of my life that she will never be with me?
What do I do if my crush's mom hates me?
What is it like to date an Asansol Patrician?
How do I shock a person with ASPD who believes he has me under control? How can I prove to him that I know what he is without being frank about it?
When a girl rejects a guy, why would it be wrong for the girl to ever reconsider? People’s feelings can change.
What should I do if I love two people at the same time?
Which one should one select for a girl, a good, loving family or only a career?
My brother is weak in studies, but I recently found out that he solved a rubick's cube. What does that reflect about his ability?
Why do guys fail to reply on marriage portals when messaged?
As a bisexual female, how do I approach relationships with other women?
My girlfriend thinks I should tell her everything that happens in my life whenever they happen. What should I do?
How do I know when a boy likes me?
We've been together for 4 years and it's quite late that I've found out that he had been chatting with his ex during our first 2 years. Should I get angry?
What makes someone stay in a narcissistic relationship when they know in their heart that they're in a bad place?
How do I tell a beautiful perfectionist girl, that she is great?
How is Radha Krishna’s love different from normal boys and girls’ love?
If a guy asks out a girl and she says no, why do people think it's wrong for him to ask out other girls? Shouldn't he accept that no means no and move on?
How can I resume communicating with my roommate if we haven’t talked for several months?
Is it selfish of me to talk to my boyfriend about my problems so often?
What does it mean when a guy looks at you when you’re not looking, and then when you look at him, he snaps his head back to what he was doing?
Can an Indian guy and girl hug each other if they are happy even though they are just friends?
What happens if you have feelings with one of your teachers, like a relationship?
Why do girls develop interest or non-interested for guys within the first minutes of meeting him and nothing that happens afterwards can change that?
What do you think about a relationship between an Indonesian girl and an Italian guy? Is it possible? We know that those are very different, like night and day.
How do I know if an introverted girl likes me? Although she is ignoring me, I believe she likes me.
After a month of dating, we became exclusive. I've changed my mind. I told him that I want us to become friends with benefits. Is that right?
How do I tell my boyfriend that he's out of shape?
Some of my friends used to make fun of me and it hurt me. They are rich and I am a topper. I am unable to manage. What should I do?
What do girls think about one-sided lovers? Do girls actually feel sympathatic for them or just creepy?
This girl I've been talking to suddenly asked me out, what should I do?
I am having insecurity about my length of penis, what would a girl think, I am very tensed, do size matters?
Why don't girls make it clear that they like me?
My crush always tries to get my attention, stares at me and when I like his pics he always likes mine right back a minute later, is he flirting?
How do I convince my best friend to leave her boyfriend? Both say they love each other but keep fighting every minute and it's ruining her life and career.
What is the simple meaning of, “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
How should you consider your lover?
Would it be possible for me to find a future girlfriend that would love to financially support me via Internet dating/online dating?
How do I confess to my teacher that I've liked him for half a month already? He is now a student studying Law and our ages are 7 years apart.
Should I hide my Tinder page from my ex if I want him back?
Is liking guys who are loners, smart and have no life, bad?
How do you know if someone is your rebound?
What qualities do women look for dating?
What can the government do to deal with the likes of Arundhati Roy? I know that she is just the tip of an iceberg, so putting her in prison will not solve anything.
Is a Leo girl good for an Aquarian boy?
Did Bach not play the 6-part fugue because he thought he couldn't do it on the spot, or for some other reason like the king was a jerk and had bad vibes?
I broke up with a narcissist last year. Why do I feel so compelled to read so much literature on the condition?
Would you date someone you came across on Quora?
What are some good ways to show your interest in your crush without coming off too strong?
What does it mean if I'm the only one who’s initiating conversations or meet-ups?
How can I get my boyfriend to trust I won't judge him if he opens up to me about his past?
Can I get an ARV even if I just want it only?
Is being in a relationship with a large age gap a bad idea?
How can I make an introvert girl like me?
What should I do when a relationship becomes complicated?
My ex boyfriend told my friend (when he was drunk) he was with me only for sex. How can somebody act they're in love, just to get what they want?
The guy I love has a terminal illness, and he pushed me away because he wants to "protect" me. I really want to be with him. What should I do?
Why do girls always succeed in gaining their love but boys don't succeed?
Why is marriage necessary for a man and a woman, logically?
What does it mean when a guy says I'm cute?
When do you know when to stop chasing someone you love?
How can I know if my wife loves me for real?
What does it mean when a guy tells you that your voice is beautiful? This was after I said that he had a great voice.
Why do most Indian girls look for well-settled boys, even though these girls are not well-settled themselves?
How hard is it to choose a career over a girlfriend?
Why do girls avoid their female classmates?
I’m a 15-year-old boy and I crave love and affection with a girl. I need to hug and cuddle etc. I don’t have a girlfriend. What do I do?
How do I ask a girl for her number if I don't know her that well? I got a limited amount of time to ask her before I can't see her for awhile.
Should I be concerned that I can't find someone I’m dating online?
How long before an ex who dumped you but did not want a relationship misses you?
What should I do if I am not in love with someone who is madly in love with me? We dated and it did not go too well.
How do I tell someone that I don't want to pursue a relationship with them without hurting their feelings?
Why is it a girl suddenly becomes interested in a guy that has lost interest in her?
Louise (FoZ) somehow summons Magnus (WH40k) as her familiar, though he, of course, is not going to be such a thing. What does he do to Halkeginia?
What’s wrong with me? Do I have anxiety? (I’m a 17-year-old guy.)
How do I tell if my crush likes me as a friend or as a girl?
I’m 18, almost 19, and I want to stay at my BF’s house for 1 night. How do I go about asking and explaining why?
What do you call a woman who uses her body to earn attention?
How should I confess to a girl, if at all?
A friend wants me to meet a girl to date, but I think she is too fat. How can I exit this nicely?
Is it a turnoff for girls when a guy has been rejected by a lot of girls?
How do I know if my boyfriend really cares about me?
Where can I find someone who is single and who wants to be in a relationship?
What are some easy ways to know that your partner is cheating on you?
Do you think that it's rare to find someone that actually loves you for you and accepts you for who you are?
We are just 14 years old. What are the best tips for me to have a long and happy relationship with my girl best friend?
Should I tell a potential partner that I'm greysexual?
What do you want out of your dom/sub relationship?
How do I transition from being single to being in a relationship with someone?
How romantic can Singaporean guys be?
Is she interested in me or does she just think of me as a friend?
What does it mean when a guy says “make me want you more” during intimate moments?
Should I express my feelings to my best friend?
Why would a man say you’re in his heart but wants to go out and flirt with other girls?
What would you think of a guy who left his girlfriend because of her horrific past? She was sexually harassed. She trusted him, but he left.
How can I get my ex-girlfriend back from her new boyfriend?
Is there anything wrong with loving to be a slob?
A boy likes me but I don't like dating and he asked me out, I want to still be friends though. What do I do?
I haven't heard from my boyfriend since we had an argument (a week ago). He keeps ignoring me, it hurts so bad. What should I do?
Is it wrong if a boy says that he wants to have sex with a classmate publicly?
What does it mean when the guy you like asks you what your definition of love is?
Is it a confidence builder to go for a girl who's out of your league?
What happens if a man refuses to leave women alone after he is rejected by them?
If a young woman is wearing clothes that may be exposing her in a way she may not realize, should/how you tell her?
How do I get my man back?
What is a good way to flirt with a girl without seeming weird?
Is it a good idea to tell your partner that you cheated?
How can a guy after breakup prevent being attracted to anyone?
Why do some people always expect me to greet them all the time, girls or even fellas, is that a demonstration of power or self importance?
Is it a good idea to ask my girlfriend out again?
Does the success of rich men dating websites conclusively prove that the majority of women are gold diggers?
Should I be concerned that I can't find someone I'm dating online?
My friend frequently tries to find new romances with new boys. He always acts like the next person can be someone special but soon ditches them. Why?
Do you believe that loving someone, is giving everything for him?
Why do Taiwanese girls always say they don't have time when I ask them out?
What should I answer when my boyfriend asks, "What can I do for him"?
What was challenging in your transition from dating to marriage?
My girlfriend is constantly in debt and I am always dragging her out. How do I help?
What does it mean when I dream about being rejected by a girl I like for my friend?
Should I text this girl, or wait a few months to meet her?
How do I ask a girl for casual sex if she seems interested?
How do you say, "Either the boy or the girl has done this" in Chinese?
Is it too creepy that I graphologically analyzed my crush's handwriting, drew her twice, and personality-analyzed her, with her knowing?
Someone very close told me they were sexually active. This came as a shock to me. How do I come to terms with it? I feel very weird.
Do married men want to be able to divorce their wives simply by saying the word "divorce" 3 times (she cannot do the same)?
What is the best way to meet a man?
Does a break up between two friends hurt more than a break up between a romantically engaged couple?
Is it crazy to ask my boyfriend if he's in it for the long haul?
If you fancied a girl, then she went a bit mental and called you loads of times and tried to kill herself, would you never talk to her again?
Does humility work in relationships?
If some stranger girls make too much eye contact while passing beside me, is she attracted to me?
Sometimes things take a while to work out. Is this true for relationships?
How do I forget a girl whom I love but who rejected me?
Is it wrong to break up with a girl because you know she's not for you, even if she is very good to you?
What is it like meeting up with your childhood sweetheart after a long time?
How will I know if I'm receiving truthful compliments from my gay boyfriend?
How do I react to my bf saying he thinks my older sister is hot?
If the Queen wanted a Bugatti Chiron, could she get it even if they have been sold out and if so, would she have to pay for it?
Why is he lying to me about small and unimportant things? When I catch him, he denies it.
As a man, how does it feel to be rejected by a woman who you opened your heart to?
Is it normal if your partner's certain habit irritates you? My girlfriend is a little clingy and it irritates me sometimes. Is that normal?
How does it feel when a married guy touches your private parts?
Is it possible that my boyfriend has chances of death because I'm mangy?
How do you reject someone’s love confession nicely and without the awkwardness that comes after?
How is it to keep a relationship with an aunt?
If you find out that your ex-boyfriend (who was going to buy you a ring) was nailed by his colleague, what would you say to that girl?
What do you think is the difference between love (love we make) and sex?
I like this girl and we've been on dates. Although she denies them, she still goes with me. What does this mean?
What should I do if my boyfriend is very annoying?
How do I make my parents and my girl friend’s parents accept my love relation? I am a jobless person.
Should I impress my girlfriend's family?
What do I do if I love someone but they don't know?
How do I know if a shy guy might be interested without ever talking to me in general?
Do I have the right to tell a dean about my ex-girlfriend being technically sexually assaulted? Is that what a real friend would do? She said not to.
Why doesn’t my girlfriend want contact with me?
Why does my ex who dumped me cry when I call her?
Why will a man blame his partner about an incident that is not at all true, after making a trust-related mistake?
Are girls more likely to hang out with a guy who's interested if he just says it's hanging out instead of saying it's a date?
What does it mean when a girl who friendzoned you suddenly becomes interested in you?
Suppose you meet an equally caring person while you are in a relationship. Will you go with this new person?
How do I have a casual relationship and convince a girl to be in it?
How can I make my husband to love me back after he caught me cheating on him?
Would you date a guy who is poor, but thinks he also has to help his mom especially before he helps you?
Why are me and my ex still so close after our breakup?
What is the best way to sign off romantic?
My girlfriend has an income of about 30k. What are some ethical ways I can help clear her 120k education debt?
If you get rejected by a girl, why is it a bad idea to ask out her sister? The first girl shouldn't care because she rejected you.
What moment brings a relationship to an intimate level?
My girlfriend's birthday is next week. Now I'm broke. What token gift can I buy her that she will like?
What should I do to understand a boy with an attitude problem?
Can I find a man who appreciates me? (I'm a woman)
Is it good to still feel nervous about my GF?
My boyfriend is a trainee, and will be debut soon. We need to break up, but I just can't let him go. What should I do?
If my crush talks to a lot of girls and doesn't try to talk to me, why did he talk to a girl about me staring at him?
Can a hopeless romantic and a blunt realist ever have a healthy relationship?
What are some traits older women find attractive about a younger man?
If a man is willing to do anything regardless of ethics, can we say he has no bottom line?
If a girl almost avoids you the morning after the night you kissed her, does that mean she doesn't want you?
What are some good places to pick up/meet new girls in Mumbai?
What is the correct way to have a good relationship, especially if we do not talk that often?
Can an ugly guy like me impress a girl?
Can a 13 year old be in love with a 22 year old guy?
Is it normal for a 32-year-old man to have been dumped by 28 women?
How do I convince my girlfriend's family that I'm the best guy to marry her, given that she belongs to a Muslim family and I’m Hindu?
Should you split up with your partner if they want you to become Christian?
What is the social life like for bachelors in the IFS? Are they allowed to date locals in the countries in which they’re stationed?
What does it mean when your bf keeps asking you to be intimate?
How can I build up my ability to speak up in my relationship?
What does it mean when my ex still talks to me about getting physically intimate? I discourage him but he laughs it off saying he is just kidding
How do you get mild BPD men to completely detach from a relationship that they believe they control?
What should I do if my crush had a boyfriend?
How does it feel when your mom gives you the blind stare (means she see's you but she doesn't)?
What do girls think about cars?
How do you make a girl fall for you in a long distance?
Can you ever love a fat girl?
Do you think you make a great partner for a relationship?
How quickly can a girl know whether she is interested in a guy or not?
Where can I find more information about a rare heart condition called "Brugada Syndrome"? I found out I have it after my mum was diagnosed two years ago.
How can I explain to my mom that I want to celebrate NYE with my boyfriend (I'm 17)?
INFJ: Have you ever experienced having a crush on someone you didn't talk to or without knowing anything about their personality?
Can we marry an unsettled guy for whom we may have to compromise our own career?
How can I date 2 girls in the same time if they work together?
How do I treat a girl who entertains her boyfriend’s friends better than her own boyfriend?
Can I tell my boyfriend who he can and can't talk to?
How do I know if he is right for marriage?
How do you keep the spice in a relationship without taking it too far/fast?
Should I promise my girlfriend marriage in the future?
How can I make my girlfriend to love me again after she moved on with her first love?
How would you know that your female friend isn't sexually attracted to you? But she wants to hang out all the time.
Would you tell your teacher that you have a crush on her even if she's married?
A guy told me that he never had to ask a girl out to figure out if she likes him? How is this possible?
Should you take time to get your life in order before you begin a relationship?
Is it rude to tell a girl you don't care if she looks bad?
My boyfriends dad doesn't like me at all. How should I handle this?
What would a person feel when he realizes he cannot do the things he used to be great at?
What does it mean when someone says “either this guy has no game or is simply not interested”? What does it mean, “he has no game”?
How can a boy propose to a girl?
How can I control my boyfriend without him knowing?
What should you do if your girlfriend is introverted and slightly depressed because she was molested in her childhood?
He broke up with me and sent a friend request to his ex. On the next day, he keeps on calling me after unfriending his ex. What does it mean?
How do girls feel when a boy proposes to them anonymously?
Are 1 on 1 hangouts with the opposite sex considered "dates?"
What should I do if my girlfriend has left me?
Is it healthy to want to be in a relationship with someone despite the lack of feelings towards them?
Why do girls behave in a jealous and immature about their husbands, and don’t allow him to go out with a friend or talk to her in-laws?
Is modern day dating completely hopeless?
Can I marry a woman who is richer than me?
Is it okay to see a girl that your brother dated for 4 months 2-3 years ago?
I embarassed myself in front of my crush? Is it really that bad? What should I do?
Have you ever dated a sikh guy/girl? Share your experience.
I'm going to see my father for the first time, what should I say to him?
Is it OK to marry a girl that has slept with men too many times?
Is it sad that I'm 18 and still watch how to get a girlfriend videos?
A girl I am with won't let go of the thought that I am "too good" for her, and she constantly tries to convince me of it. What do I do?
Does my boyfriend have the right to force not only me to tell my friend to delete my picture off her Instagram, but also forcing her to do that?
What is some advice for a teen who’s trying to take a real relationship all the way to marriage and beyond?
Why do you think Princess Diana chose to date Muslim men as the last 2 romantic relationships of her life?
How can I overcome the feeling of not wanting to study in the very last month after I’ve been preparing for it for almost a year?
Is it unreasonable to dislike someone who likes your former crush?
What would you ask a matchmaker?
My mother gets immense pain in the heel every time she is out for a long time. Is there anything she could do on her own for it?
Does Mdm Kim have any moral consciousness of her marital status when she is alone by herself?
When a man says he'll always have love for you, what does that mean?
I can't talk to my crush and it's driving me insane. How do I talk to her?
I just met a guy and wish to date him. What do I do?
I went on a date, with this guy I met online. He fingered me on the very first date. Is this normal?
I stopped replying to a Japanese guy, would it be okay if I hit him up again?
Why does my new boyfriend avoid me when we finally have alone time together?
If a woman before actually talking to you deeply, she decided to let her family know you're talking to her. Is it a good sign she wants you?
Why do sex-mate guys keep asking every day for hot pictures from girls?
What are the telling signs of someone loving you if he or she is already with someone?
Ending a conversation which I am talking to someone I liked is hard for me. I'm waiting her to end the conversation. What is the reason behind it?
What do we get from love?
How do I tell a girl to stop giving signals and I'm not interested in her?
Why should I even bother with girls if I have always been rejected by them?
What’s the meaning of a guy’s smiles and head shake?
What is the best experience about crush that trolls you like hell?
My ex broke up with me. We dated for a month, but he would tease me and try to talk to me. He also constantly stares, especially when I am not looking. Why is that?
What did men want in a relationship the most?
How do I handle a guy with no brain?
Can I ask out a girl who my friend asked out, not knowing I liked her? She told him she would think about it, but she acts uninterested. She hints for me to ask her out.
Can I find a man that would love me now and not my money?
How can you tell when you like someone?
Why do I keep getting friend zoned?
I'm starting to date somebody. Should I delete my online dating accounts?
Is it possible to be in love with 2 guys at the same time?
Every time I am alone for a long time, I feel like I am losing my mind. What is wrong with me?
What are signs that an outgoing guy is actually insecure? My crush acts confident but why won't he talk to me?
Why do I have an emotional bond to my ex boyfriend who abused me and discarded me? I can't seem to let go of contact with him even years later.
How can I stop bragging to my friends about the girls I date? I know it's because of my need to be accepted, but I would like to change. What can I do?
Would you ask your date why he/she didn't want to go out again after the second date? What did they say when you asked?
Should I ignore the text of a friend who ignores my text sometimes?
What is the best way to act around a girl who you like?
Man, divorced,hurt, over 50 has casual relationships with women, will not commit, so becomes “friends” with the women, why?
How do you handle a dumb girlfriend, if you're a geek?
How do I improve myself so that girls want to have sex with me?
Is it normal for a 32 year old man to have been dumped by 28 women?
What is the benefit of having a girlfriend?
What are some of the problematic behaviors in relationship being presented as romantic and/or declaration of love in media?
What is a rejection to you, any kind of rejection, professional or personal?
This girl says stuff to me like "you should take me skating" and "Friday is the best night to go out". Are these signs that she wants me to ask her out?
She doesn't like to talk more. How can she build that confidence in herself to talk with strangers and convince him to get married with her?
What do I do when my boyfriend gets offended by tiny little things all the time?
What are the qualities that a girl see before talking to a guy?
Yesterday, I came to know that my boyfriend has been cheating on me for two months. What should I do?
I love my work, but I feel it won't let me grow in my career. What should I do?
I had a childhood crush on Michael Jackson, is it wrong?
Would you date a guy with a vasectomy? Why or why not? Does it change the game knowing you're dating with no notion of the possibility of kids.
What's the reason if a boy does whatever a girl wants but tries to avoid it after some time?
I am studying in 10th standard. A bus driver of age 25 says that he loves me. I think I am also loving him. What should I do?
Why would he flirt with other girls in front of me?
How do you react when someone says she loves animals, particularly dogs in this case, way more than human?
What do I do when a guy I met online today keeps saying he loves me?
I am looking for large posters of world wine regions. However, I'm not very well off. Is there a way to get these affordably?
Is there really such a thing called "obsession phrases" or "the male code" that can be used to "make any male fall in love with you"?
Would it ever be okay to ask someone out that you've already asked out before?
Is crush inevitable in marriage or relationship?
The girl sitting in front of me in exams is very hot and I can't focus on my paper. What should I do?
A man who finds another woman attractive says he is unable forget her. Can such a man really love his wife or be faithful to her?
What is the relationship called that is more than friendship and less than love?
How do I convince my girlfriend that I am not bothered by her health issues?
Am I cheating on my husband if it's with a girl?
How can I know if this guy is genuine or just playing or is a scammer?
Is telling your date you're bisexual a turn off to them, particularly if they're straight?
A guy I used to date and who said he loves me acts depressed when I see him out. Why?
I am 21. But I don't have a girlfriend. What should I do?
What scares you the most in a relationship?
Has your ex-girlfriend tried to have sex with you?
Can someone propose a challenge to me?
How do I stop pushing my boyfriend away?
What should a girl do if she is in love with a stranger and cannot get over from his thoughts?
Is there any movie which features a man who slept for 30 years and how he reunited with his family?
What do I do if I want to leave a man who loves me for a man I love?
Why don’t girls say a direct no? Instead they say “you got a pure heart but I don't deserve you”.
My best friends told my crush that I like him, what do I do?
How can I make my relationship fun?
What are the usual signs a shy guy gives when he is in love?
Why are girls ok with their boyfriends controlling them and telling them who they can and can't talk to?
How can I make my boss like me again after I failed her?
What reasons can I give my future husband if he asks me why I am not a virgin? I dont want to tell him the truth.
Is she interested or just thinks of me as a friend?
What should I do if my father gets attracted to me?
What exactly goes on in a girl's mind when she is on her period? Also what steps should a boyfriend/husband take to keep her happy?
Are girls more likely to be interested in a guy who's never had a girlfriend before?
Are girls the ones to whom we should teach dos and don'ts?
Are science students more likely to get a girlfriend in India?
Why do girls flirt with me but don't want to have sex with me?
I fell in love with a divorced man. He is shy and introverted. He denied my proposal. What should I do now?
How do I deal with my ex's anger? How should I tell him to stop harassing me?
How come guys promise some things, but never mean it? It hurts, you know?
How can I get a girl to fall in love with me? What are the qualities that enable you to do that?
What do you do when your lover tells you getting away from him was too easy?
Has anybody out there fallen in love online, met in person, and continued with a permanent relationship?
Will I ever get a girlfriend if I have a disabiliy?
Why does a man talk about other women he has been involved with or still want him to a woman he is dating?
What makes a relationship seem beautiful, contrasting or symmetrical?
Does Trump think that he can rule like an old king did, and have only his blood relatives around him? Isn’t this undemocratic?
I'm madly in love with someone, who's using me & confessed it too, but I'm unable to accept it. What should I do?
How can I be sure that a girl has got pink nipples just by looking at her face?
"Oh no! She's upset! Let me give her time too cool off." Why are all guys like that?
What do you do if you're a straight man who prefers playing the passive role in dating?
Should you split up with your partner if they want you to be Christian but you don't want that?
What causes girls to suddenly want a guy that they rejected previously?
Does it mean anything when a guy asks you if you're still awake?
Why would a divorced man get back together with his ex-wife right after dating me and then realizing that it wasn't going to work?
Is "sure" a definite yes when asking a girl to date you?
How do introverts get a girlfriend?
How can I seduce a tomboy? I really like this girl but she is not like other girls. You can check the description for her uniqueness.
Is it very rare to find a girl with both physical beauty and good at heart?
Are soulmates real? I really didn’t consider my ex-husband as my soulmate.
I’m going out of town for a few days and I just got two kittens. If I leave a lot of food and water will they be okay?
How do you react when a girl kisses you out of the blue? She was sitting on my lap and we were chatting when she just kissed me. (I'm a girl too)
Is it normal when I say I love my GF but I like some other girl's qualities more than my GF’s?
How can I get him to feel comfortable and regain his trust when I broke his heart and rejected in the worst possible way?
When should I take a step into a serious relationship?
We went on two dates, how should I plan the third one? We went to an open market on the first and hiking on the second. We only hugged once.
She always responds to my WhatsApp messages, but not to my Facebook messages. She is always online on Facebook. Should I leave her?
How do I make a guy actually interested in me instead of sexually interested in me?
When is it too young for girls to have sex?
Do Leo women come back after breakups?
Is there someone who got married in arranged marriage but she doesn't like her husband at all but his family is really very good and perfect?
My friend told his crush he loved her, but she didn't know how to feel. His friend told her the same, and it seemed to go better. What should he do?
What will you do when your superior ignores your feelings because she is busy with computer work?
Did it ever happen that while in a relationship you got distracted, developed slight feelings for someone else, but now you are happy with your girlfriend?
Does moving in together mean a relationship?
What are my chances of pursuing someone who is gay but is not that interested in me?
What is your advice to partners of porn actors worried about their ability to satisfy him/her knowing he/she has had experiences with professionals?
How do you know that you are in love with someone? I have a dilemma to choose between my mind and heart.
How different are you and your boyfriend?
How have you got over your ex you dumped and then you happened to see him/her dating again?
What should one do if he/she is treated or kept as an option by a person that he/she loves very much?
What do I do about my probably-straight crush?
Does a woman who asks a man out on a date seem desperate, thus making the man less likely to say yes?
How can I trust my partner?
Why are some girls uncomfortable with talking to other guys when they have a boyfriend?
Why would a man who I know liked me, but is damaged from a divorce/ex and not relationship ready, care if he is my rebound or not?
If someone on Quora asked you out to see a movie or go to a disco, would you consider it?
Why do girls realize the importance of their parents after they have a breakup, while lying to them during the relationship?
Why am I attracted to men older than 50 if I am an adult male?
I wanna date an IITian, how could I approach one?
Why do I always attract girls who already have a boyfriend?
My boyfriend isn't giving me attention. We can't even stay in the same room for 1 hour. I'm tired of complaining. What should I do?
We dated only once and now she says, she misses me? Why?
Are polyamorous relationships healthier?
I am dating a man who is 12 years older than me. Father's Day is coming up. What is an appropriate gift to get him to do with his kids?
After how many months the "I'm in love with her" phase turns into "I love her"?
How do I go about asking my ex boyfriend what is holding him back?
How do you handle your mother and your lovely girlfriend, who soon could be your wife? Whom should you give the first priority over the other?
How romantic is your relationship with your boyfriend?
How do I know that girls like me?
How does it feel when a girl chat with you daily and after some days she stops chatting with you?
Why would an ex or crush even attempt to play games with a person?
Should I date a nice girl who I get along really well but lost her virginity at age 15 with the guy I dislike?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked me how I was doing?
Where can I find an uploaded voiceover saying 'I'm a banana guy'?
I asked a guy I like if he wanted to hang out sometime, and he just shrug his shoulders. What does that mean? (I had never talked to him before)
What should I do if a girl controls me sexually?
How do you ask a girl/lady to have sex with you without being disgraced?
Why is it that this girl doesn't show interest in me until after she rejected me?
Does a guy feel scared in this situation?
How can I stop feeling that no one will ever love me or want me romantically?
How would you respond if a girl asked you what the meaning of life is to you on your first date with her?
Does a relationship with a BPD woman get shorter each time she recycles with the same partner?
Should I stop being annoyed that my boyfriend calls another woman "baby"?
Is it wrong to ask a woman out, unless she is on a dating site or is referred by a friend?
Can AR Rahman impress aged people like my grandfather with his songs? If he can't, does that mean he is a mediocre composer?
What if my ex comes back and asks me to marry him again? How should I respond?
If you got to know your wife was cheating on you while you guys were dating, what will you do?
A girl wants to fistfight me. What do I do if I am a boy?
There is a girl whom I like. She comes to the park daily, but the problem is she comes with a lady, what should I do? How do I approach her?
So for the last day of school I went up to the girl I liked and told her that I thought she was cute. Should I have said something else too?
What are the things you learnt from your relationship(s)? Do girls stick to their commitments, and fight for you with their parents?
Why do some men always keep a back up girlfriend?
How would a relationship between an introverted girl and an extroverted boy be?
Is it wrong for a girl to propose to a guy she likes?
A friend is having his wedding in the US and he wants me to attend. He is ready to sponsor my visa. What all documents should I ask from him?
What would make you marry a woman who does not want kids?
What do you do if no one asks you out?
What did Jane Austen mean when she said that a woman had better show more affection than she feels?
I’ve been going out with this guy for a month and we see each other like once a week, never planned, and at his house or at mine. Should I cut him off?
How should I talk to guy that I never really spoke to? What do I say without making him lose interest?
Can girls become interested in a guy after not being interested in him? Feelings can change, right?
Im taking a girl out in Birmingham for the day for a date where shall we go as its our 4th date?
Why hasn't the guy I'm dating contact me ever since he went to his country?
If a guy likes a girl, what is the likelihood of him liking her again?
A Bengali girl called me ‘hot’ when I found myself blocking her way on a bus. What does that mean?
How should I approach you for a date, as a stranger?
How do I ask a girl for a date?
What does it mean when my crush is lusting me?
Guys, what was your best "player move" back in the day?
How can you know if he is just not that into you?
What do I do if a guy keeps saying he loves me?
What is the best compliment you've ever received from a girl? (That made you feel really special).
How easy is it to prosecute statutory rape?
How should I treat my ex-girlfriend after breaking up?
In a relationship, should the guy or the girl call more often?
Me and my boyfriend fight because of immaturity. How can I be mature enough for our relationship?
I'm in relationship with a girl who doesn't seem to be quite into me. Frustrated & stressed by it, I'm unable to focus on anything else. What do I do?
Is it immoral for a 30-year-old man to seduce an 18-year-old girl?
What is the culture of India about dating?
Can a girl make herself anorexic?
How do I get my sister to pay me a huge amount of money that she owes me because she doesn't want to pay up?
How do I ask my ex boyfriend what's really going through his head?
What am I suppose to do after she broke up with me?
How do get close to a guy you like, even if they probably don't like you as anything more than a friend?
What does your boyfriend think of ZhangIntyre?
How do I impress girls sexually?
She used to be pretty responsive over my messages but these days she just reads, why?
If I was meaner than I meant to be when I broke up, should I apologize?
Why does a guy turn me down despite the fact that I'm an Oxford student?
Is it hard to have a long distance love and keep each other happy?
I always think about having sex with my boyfriend. Is this normal?
Does relationship with physical contact last long?
Does Yami think she is beautiful?
One of my friends likes a boy. He knows, and when I joked and said "Oh, he totally likes you," he seemed a bit bothered by it. Should I do anything?
How can a guy say no without getting slapped if a girl proposes?
How can I make someone realize that they love someone badly?
How do you know whether a girl likes you or not?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked “How am I doing?” and I responded “Great.” with a smile. What's wrong with that?
Are Indian guys ok with dating older women?
How do girls know whether they're interested in you or not within the first few minutes of meeting you?
Why does my crush fall into her hands with disgust when she knows I like her?
How do I tell a girl that I am now interested in a relationship?
How can't you know when an insincere friend is just faking being real?
I want to die. Can you give me a reason not to?
Why do girls talk about a guy after rejected them?
Why can’t men control themselves when a good looking girl passes along the street? Is it anxiety?
How would the dating scene be affected if people took a reverse ageing drug and started getting younger?
How could I get over my ex?
How do I make a girl ready for sex?
Is it normal for a boyfriend to go to his female friend alone and talk almost every day?
I love a girl but her English is far better than mine. What should I do as I feel embarrassed and will she reject me if I confess?
My brother asked me do you know how adult people kiss and kissed me on the mouth when I was 4-6 years old and he was 2 years older what should I do?
How do you tell your boyfriend he needs to change?
So there is this girl I like, and we have known each other for years. But why is it she follows all my friends on Instagram and won't follow me?
I'm in talks with a potential employer but when ever I talk to him I feel sunken, like someone died. Should I consider this as a signal?
Guys, when asking out a girl, do you usually know what the answer is going to be before you ask her out?
How can I be at peace with my great relationship coming to an end?
What are the advantages and disadvantages for a girl if she marries a man who is 7 years elder than her?
How do I get over my crush having a girlfriend?
What are the things you did after your break-up?
How do I know he's the right guy to marry?
I have a friend who wants to cut. Should I stop him or encourage him?
Can I kiss any anonymous girl without any talking?
I got a crush on this Indian guy who's a Christian. We don't talk but he happens to be joining a Christian college. What should I do?
Is it fair to break up with my girlfriend because her school has started and she won't give me as much time as she used to give me before?
There's girl whom I like she daily comes to the park but the problem is she comes with a lady, how should I approach her?
Can one crush on someone when he or she has a lover?
Is being physically intimate with one woman then having sex with another on the same day and lying about it being disrespectful to her?
My crush is going to a different high school. I'm sad and really wanted to get to know him. Should I try to talk to him or leave it?
Why don't I have a girlfriend? I am a nice guy with a great job, but I don't have the gift of looks.
What is anonymousemail.me?
Do indian girls like to date a car guy?
