How many grace marks are in KCET 2017?
What are the maximum marks that can be obtained in RRB NPTC?
Is there any course in BSC related to CNC course?
What is the meaning of sequence number and class in flight boarding pass?
Is there really any point of going to college, when there's so much more easily accessible information on the internet?
What was your percentage in class 11 as a PCM student?
How can I score a 98% in commerce on the CBSE Class 12 exam with math?
Will we get moderation marks in the CBSE maths board exam in 2017?
In what college would I get direct admission into a B.Tech with 61.5% in 12th class?
What are the current teaching methodologies in geography?
What will happen to class 12 students after the Delhi HC decision, and how will the CBSE moderate by delaying results?
Can somebody suggest colleges that offer courses in archeology?
Can I get exemption on a law paper if I get marks above 60 in law and zero marks in the rest of my three papers, i.e. accounts, SFM and audit?
Will doing boarding in Kota be better for class 11 and further for IIT?
What is the difference between biotechnology and biomedical engineering? How do I opt these after class 12? I am a PCM student.
When are the 10th class standard results expected?
What is cram school?
What are options for a career after 12th for a medical student?
Who was your craziest / most interesting teacher?
What is the difference between grace marks and the spiking of marks? This is the decision taken by the HRD Minister for CBSE 2017.
What sort of education do most Google employees get?
How do you know when you study hard?
Why is CBSE creating so much confusion? Will grace marks and moderation policy continue or not?
Do Palestinians really teach their kids in schools to hate Israelis?
Is there any pre-closure charge for an education loan in IOB in India?
How can I become a learning machine as a teenager in high school and what study method should I use to accomplish this?
Do middle schools teach "state history" like Texas has "Texas history" in sixth grade?
I am working in Service Desk. I like to complete a course in Citrix. What is the best course that I can opt for?
In ICSE, are the marks obtained in written exams or internal assessments in class 9 added to class 10 marks?
What was the pattern of marks for class 10 students?
What are the overall benefits and disadvantages of studying Further Mathematics (Pure Math, Statistics and Mechanics) in Cambridge A Levels?
Is management easy for those who have studied 11-12 std. in science?
How can I score in the FSC exams?
Is Loyola College coed for the BBA?
How is biotechnology at Amity Mumbai?
What is the selection process of the Mentor Graphics Higher Education Program?
How important was painting to you when you were at primary school? Why?
What will happen if I am absent for sixth subject (PE) in CBSE 12 Boards 2017?
If I finish all certificates on freeCodeCamp, how long will I have to wait to start working on a nonprofit project?
Can I get admission in MBBS after passing the NIOS?
How do I improve my English marks in the ISC?
Where can I do debate/public speaking outside of school in Singapore?
Are non-maths students allowed in the Goenka College of Commerce?
Do American children still learn cursive these days?
How will I get to know my Class X CBSE result without the roll number or any other details, I only have the CBSE Affiliation number?
What are the best university to study biotechnology in the world?
Should I start using mind maps to study and get better grades in high school?
How was ICSE 2017 papers?
Should I answer practice questions while checking my book to study and get better grades in high school?
Does education make you a better person?
Are Muslim students treated well in public Catholic high schools in Ontario, Canada?
Is it true that the Gujrat board are going to adopt the CBSE board?
What is the present status of those schools in Delhi which interview the child's parents to award admission to nursery or primary education to the child?
Which are the best places to do my undergraduate?
One of my teachers purposely said and taught the entire class something wrong. What should I do?
What's that one advice you'll give to a person who has just finished his graduation?
How can I appear for improvements of 12th PCM percentage?
What are good non-STEM summer opportunities for high schoolers?
Why do people against school choice argue that public schools will lose funds when that is exactly the point?
How do you like school absence penalty notice?
Does 0.9¯0.9¯0.\bar9 equal 111?
What type of interaction happens between juniors and seniors at AIIMS Delhi?
How do I get urgent duplicate 10th passing certificate in Rajasthan board?
What if I do not get a good college after 12th?
Is it okay have a break for preparation for the NEET and AIIMS?
What are some tips for making a resume in high school?
How do I prepare for 9th grade? I want to be the top of my class and to know a lot.
Can anyone provide me with a PDF file of O.P. Tandon Chemistry class 11?
Does the language or writing system that people in your country use online differ from the one taught in schools? If so, why?
How many of you are in support of or in against of CBSE's moderation policy?
When reading to get better grades in high school, should I read everything or just skim fastly through everything and slow down on important parts?
When studying and trying to teach someone else to get better grades in high school, should I teach the entire chapter or only the main points?
What do you think about the school system where you live?
When will the ISC declare it's 12th results?
Do you have to create a study timetable to study effectively? What are good alternatives?
Why are the CBSE and HRD playing dirty politics over the class 12 results? At the end of the day, the students suffer due to the policy lapses.
What is a good book to study string theory at a level higher than Zwiebach's that is appropriate for an advanced undergraduate physics student?
What was the attitude that you approached subjects with during your preparation? Was it with an intent to learn, or to somehow finish the concept?
What is the syllabus for the CLAT that I should study from 11th standard as I have chosen PCB with maths as an option?
What are the best sites to learn something new?
What's some good advice for a teacher switching to first grade after 15 years of teaching fifth grade?
How was the accounts paper?
What is the best education after 2nd PUC in commerce?
Which NCERT books are really important for CSE? 6 to 12th, or only 11th & 12th standard?
Do we have to save each and every question while giving the AIIMS paper?
Can I give bank exams after passing 12th std.?
Can a top 50 rank in AIIMS be achieved in 1 year?
Is India's bilingual education system halting some brilliant students' progress in research and other wings of education?
What is the best way to study anatomy for a curriculum in medicine?
When reading to study for high school, should I read the entire chapter or only the summary at the end of it to improve my grades?
What is it like to attend a forest kindergarten?
Is it possible to get 100 percent marks in music in 10+2 after opting it just from 10+1?
Students nowadays complain that teachers don't teach well. Is that so, or are these just some excuses by them? If it is so, then how can we improve this?
I​ got 50% in the class 12 (commerce) examination. Can I take the CA-CPT exam?
Can a student who failed in the 12th (HSC), have the re-exam for the 12th arts stream online?
Can a supplementary student take the MBBS entrance exam?
Will the ISC marking scheme be affected by the moderation policy?
Where can I take online ECE classes in San Mateo?
What is a good approach to study economics for UPSC?
How much should I score to get a seat in AIIMS?
Which are the best courses to take up in engineering?
Will CBSE only give grace marks this year?
If I am graduating from school in Bhopal, can I get into any good colleges abroad?
It's the end of May. When will our ISC results be declared?
Can I get good marks for writing a 2 page answer for an 18 marks question at DU, if I am a student of humanities and political science?
What do you think about online classes on Coursera, books and education in the overall finance area?
What are some suggestions for ISC English in 2019?
What needs to be done to reduce the taboo towards contraceptives?
What is Lycos computer education?
What sectors should I choose after doing biology in class 12?
Why should I opt for BBA?
Is there any dummy school in Ghaziabad?
What degree do we get after completing class 10?
Should I study by acting like I am teaching others to get better grades in high school to get better grades?
Is Lubbock High School haunted?
Can someone be proficient in Newtonian level physics without higher education?
Can schools in Utah legally force kids to come back on the grounds?
What can a British school expel you for?
How do you put down an annoying/mischievous student in class?
How did you get an AIR of 10 in AIIMS Main?
What is effect of the marks moderation policy on individually-scored marks in the CBSE board exams?
What do you think will CBSE revaluate papers after court order?
Is maintaining the same GPA throughout high school difficult?
What was your strategy for history optional, and how did you score good marks in it?
Which one is best for an MBA: Amity Business Noida or Galgotias University Noida?
Before jumping into HC Verma, should I use another book for class 11?
Should I listen to music while studying in high school to get better grades?
Should I take notes from books in high school and study by them or should I just read the book and study without taking notes to get better grades?
How should I prepare for ICSE class 10th?
When will the online admissions start for a 12th science student in suburban Mumbai?
How do I make a team table for one year if I want to prepare for the AIIMS 2018?
In what way(s) Chinese education system is better than Indian edu. system? How can we rectify our shortcomings?
Is the 11th State Board bio-maths group hard enough?
Where can I find the 2016 AIIMS question papers if they’re available in any book (offline)?
Shouldn't economics be taught in high school as a required course?
What can 12th pass students interested in physics and astronomy do before they join their college (in my case IIT or IISC)?
Should I study by reading and trying to lecture on what I am reading or by using flash cards and Quizlet to get better grades in high school?
Is it wise to take science and do bio technology after 10th along with hotel management and also a few courses of makeup artistry?
What are the good ways to get an experienced developer to teach you some skills?
Will ISC also continue with the moderation policy for year 2017?
How many hours does it take to study physics, chemistry, and mathematics equally?
Is conventional mathematics methods that are taught in schools are justified?
What are requirements to be a teacher for class 12?
What is the latest NAAC ranking of humanities colleges? What are all the A grade colleges in India?
Could we pay for UK further education with an extra 1% tax on everyone who has a degree?
What kinds of alternative schools do you think deserve support with tax money and what are the advantages of those schools?
Why do people love to show off their degree on Quora?
Will high school AP Prob/Stats and Calculus be too confusing to take a test the same time?
What is the best degree course?
What are some important chapters for the JIPMER exam?
Is it true that those who score well in college will also score well in competitive programming?
How do I prepare for the CLAT after standard 10?
Is Kalyani Central Model School a dummy school?
Can we get an education loan in third year as well with 3 backs?
How can I get good marks in 12th biology-maths group to get a medical seat in AIIMS or JIPMER?
What is the percentage in 12 boards required for an OBC candidate to sit for the IIT exam?
Can studying by reciting/trying to teach others a chapter and trying to link it with something else help me get better grades in high school?
Which course is better at Polytechnic?
Should I take long term coaching for AIIMS Delhi 2018?
How would you fix the American school system?
Do I stand a chance of doing a PhD from outside India? I have scored only 83.8% in class X, 59.4% in class XII & 60.25% in a BSc (1st class in botany).
Is it okay to avoid the ranking system in the public examinations?
How many marks are increased in the moderation policy of the CBSE?
Are your schools informed about Islam?
How does education help people?
How is the education system in Finland?
How should one face their ''relatives'' when one was unable to score even fair marks in 2 consecutive important exams?
If 4n+2n=24n+2n=24^n+2^n=2, what’s nnn?
When will the class 11 session start in 2017?
How can you break math?
Is the high school diploma itself important?
What are the options available, other than MBBS, if I have taken pure science with computer in class 11 and 12 CBSE?
I have an irregular IB diploma without any sciences and I want to major in business. Does this affect my admissions anywhere?
What is your advice regarding Personal Financial Security to teenagers just out of high school?
How do I get a government job easily after 12th science?
What are the technological trends in education?
What was your class 12 percentage, and has it helped you in any way?
What should I prefer to choose after completing my 12th bio-maths group?
Is an MBA good for BIPC students?
How can one do higher studies abroad?
The Delhi HC directed the CBSE to continue with the moderation policy this year. The ISC hasn't announced anything. Will the ISC keep moderation this year, too?
How difficult was PESSAT 2017?
What is a good high school resume maker?
Is there any reason to be for Betsy DeVos and her education plan? It's hard to find unbiased facts.
If I have gotten 105% and 107% on two Science tests, will they balance out my 95% and 99% and result in me passing the class with full marks?
Did anyone fail in the 12th board?
What is the difference between. Giving grace marks and not spiking marks in CBSE? I am really very confused.
What should I say to my autistic male high school teacher?
What classes does a South Korean high school student need to study?
What happens if you leave a child at school?
After completing class 12, what is the highest post in the police that I can get?
How can I get a new marksheet of the UP board in high school?
Can I get an education loan at 40 lakhs and without any collateral security for abroad undergraduate studies?
When will the ISC result 2017 be out?
Should I commit to Architecture (UG) at Newcastle University or Financial Economics (UG) at the University of Kent?
How do I study organic chemistry with coaching?
Should I pursue psychology from Amity University Gurgaon?
Can students learn database management straightaway after their graduation from school?
What are best basic/recommended books for maths for 12th PCM students?
What are the chances for ISC students in Tamilnadu?
What should one do after the final year results have been declared for an undergraduate of the School of Open Learning? My results were declared in November 2016.
Will NEET 2017 be reconducted due to the difficulty level of the papers being different?
How do I prepare for RMO in class 10?
Is it necesarry to study 5 or 6 hours to gain good marks in class 12?
Are vegans in the USA more likely to be educated?
What is the alternative to "The Tempest" drama for ISC 2019?
How can I score the max grades on exams on lessons that are hard do study?
How can I pass my California C-10 exam?
What are some good schools offering A levels in Pune?
How is the geospatial technology course at Manipal?
How did Mark Zuckerberg become successful without college education?
Are there any correlations between the NEET and AIIMS marks?
Which is the best reference book for 9th for every subject?
Why did you take a gap before college?
What is the last mark of an SC candidate who got into AIIMS for an MBBS in 2016?
Which topic is the best for demo class 11?
So when is the final date for CBSE 12th board results?
Is BBA or civil better?
How can I get into climate change research after 12th class?
What is it like to study in MGIMO?
What is the confirmed date of the result of Maharashtra HSC Board 2017?
What's your take on experiential education? How do you think travel experiences can transform learning for kids?
Do questions get repeated in AIIMS?
Is there any famous university from the UK or the US that provides online leadership classes and certificates?
What is an intellectually rigorous degree I can take?
How did Charlemagne's support of education benefit his kingdom?
From where can I get +1 ISC paper?
What is the best way to prepare for my chemistry 10th board exam (I'll give it in 2018)?
Do you need to remember everything at all times in Math to advance?
Why did you decide to put your child in a forest kindergarten?
Who is a a teacher?
How was CBSE's syllabus before 2008?
There is no moderation this year for CBSE class 12. Only grace marks are being awarded. Won't it affect the Delhi students?
Why such policy is needed to compensate our evaluation of education?
Which units should 8th semester ECE VTU students study?
Can I make it to a decent engineering college in India without any interest in maths and science?
What subjects are to be chosen as electives during the VTU Electronics and Communication 7th Semester?
I have a terrible math teacher, what resources can I use to help my grade?
How does IB physics HL compare to AP physics and High school physics (USA)?
How can I learn (understand better) high school biology, chemistry, and math in 2 weeks?
What is the net worth of Study IQ Education owner Dr. Gaurav Garg, in crores if rupees?
What are some suggestions for the last 10-15 days before the 2017 preliminary exams? How do I relax in order to deal with my anxiety and sleeplessness?
How can I focus in class and stop making stupid jokes during class?
If [math]4^n+2^n=2[/math], what’s [math]n[/math]?
Can I fill the improvement form of class 12 in 2017 without wasting my year?
How do I get most out of online learning?
Is Make School a college? If not, what is it?
In importance sampling, what is the difference between p(x)p(x) p(x)  and q(x)q(x) q(x) ?
Which university should I choose for a BBA course- LPU, UPES or Amity Business School?
What software can teaching assistants (PhD candidates or otherwise) use?
Can I decide that if I drop a year I will fully grab the basics of all subjects required for AIIMS Delhi 2018? I want to do MBBS from AIIMS Delhi only.
How do I know the syllabus and marks pattern of class 10?
If came 15 minutes late to class, can a teacher refuse to teach me and leave 30 minutes early?
Is a moderation policy good or bad for a 12th CBSE student who can score around 75% on his own?
Which book has easy methods for class 12?
Would it be hard for a student from Kerala to make friends at Amity University, Noida?
When will the results for Ishan Uday 2016-2017 be declared?
How important, would you say, going to college is?
What does it mean when someone learns better doing an online course rather than in a course taught by someone in person?
What can I learn from a high school chemistry course?
How can I absorb/learn the material while in class in high school?
How good are Mechanical Academy’s classes?
What is the best YouTube channel to prepare for CBSE class 12 (PCM)?
How I should manage time in my ICSE board examination?
Are the MTG Foundation course class 10 books enough for a math and science Olympiad?
Which course should take after 10 std if I was intrested in drawing?
When will the 12 CBSE results come out?
Should I go for the arts stream after class 12?
Is formal education the safest path to financial security?
How can I spend less time studying and get better grades in high school, or how can I study more efficiently?
Will CBSE pass the student in maths of class 10?
Do I need to take biology in class 12 if I wish to pursue a BPharm at ICT Mumbai?
Should I study while watching TV as a teenager looking to get better grades?
Are 4 AS subjects (Biology, Chemistry, Maths, and English Language) sufficient to get into a university in the UK?
Is there any petition going on against CBSE's decision of scrapping it's moderation policy?
What should you do if you want to finish your university education but have no money, weak credit score, and poor grades from when you first attended?
Can I get admission in any private college of greater Noida after passing out from NIOS?
Which subject stream should I take?
Is the reason high schools are called that because everyone gets high during this period in school?
Can I get a scholarship even if I had failing grades?
Which is the best career option after class 10? Which stream will provide me with more job opportunities?
Do I really need a teacher for learning math?
Is there a list of where I can get mock PRINCE2 Practitioner exam papers?
How do I file a case against CBSE to decrease the 75% criteria for NIT/IIT in 2017 as they will be giving less marks due to scrapping of moderation?
Can I crack the RBI Grade B exam in my 1st attempt?
What will happen if CBSE moves to SC against moderation?
Is Amity University, Noida recognised by the Kerala bar council?
Is it possible to create a career in cricket after getting an education?
For which rank of EMCET does a BIPC student get free seats in any course?
Should I choose banking, maths, or secretarial practices in my class 11 commerce stream?
How can I not give up from studying in high school and just get better grades?
How can I make my class 11 physics strong for medical entrance exams?
What can schools do for student’s intellectual development?
Where is the best education in the US or in Russia?
How is Sushila Birla Girls' School in Kolkota?
How much percentage in SSLC (Matric) is considered to be in first class?
Are you an ex-student from SM BATHA High School in Panchgani?
What are the minimum marks for AIIMS?
What's life like after high school?
Why aren't many young educated people in India leaning towards bettering their political scenario or not participating in it to bring out a change?
What online graduate school is cheaper for a doctoral course?
What advice would you give to a freshman in high school who is starting to become exposed to more and more of today's world?
Will the ISC board give grace marks now, after the HC order?
Is there any website that provides the proof of various math and physics formulas? I am currently in class 10th.
How do I manage and study both the 12th public exam as well as the NEET exam?
How is the BBA course at Bennet University?
Do we have to pass out from class 10 first to appear for the ASAT Nurture course at ALLEN?
How many exams will there be for class 11 in the CBSE 2017-18 academic session?
What should I do to stop talking in class, stop making friends, and just focus on learning in high school?
How can I get my 12th class marksheet after 2 years gap?
How will the modern no grace marks policy of the CBSE affect the students taking exams in 2018?
What are some elite boarding secondary schools in the US and UK with decent to good swimming programs?
Which one is better - BBA or 3 continent BBA from Amity Noida?
Is upgradation continuing this year (2016-2017) in class X?
Does a premium B School tag really make a difference?
Where can I get NCERT 11th class books at a discounted price in Gurgaon?
What is the expected date for ICSE results for class 10?
How is Amity University Noida for fashion communication?
What are the global trends in education today?
How do I suggest a course for a weak student after intermediate?
What is the "one year graduation" of IGNOU? I'm a bachelor in science college dropout. Can I opt for this one-year course?
What is the standard for the questions on the PGET in CSE at MAKAUT? And where can I find sample question papers for the same?
Which subject is easy, and which is tough in BITS 2017?
Why is money more important than education?
How do I search for an anchor script for a school assembly?
Why is it considered disrespectful to not attend classes you do not want to go to?
When is the Bihar Board 12th Science result likely to be declared?
What things are taught in ECE and what practical things will I be able to make after the course?
How many of you have been a victim of loneliness in high school and college?
Is a 276 score in NWEA Mathematics good for a 7th grader?
Should I take computer science or biology in 11 for science?
On what aspects is education in foreign schools better than Indian schools?
Do other ethnic minority groups get jealous over Jewish and East Asian immigrants because of their wealth and education status?
How do I find the best study material for CLAT on the internet?
Should I stop gaming to get better grades in school and study more or should I keep gaming as a teen?
How can one get a 90+ score in the CBSE board exams of 2017-2018?
Is a bachelor's degree enough these days?
What are the educational options after 10th for a brilliant student?
What is the best way to study effectively for excellent performance in high school?
When will KV’s process admission in class 9, I mean within how many days after declaration of the tenth result?
Should college education be free?
Can we write JEE Mains in 11th grade?
How many marks are required on the KCET for the veterinary subject?
Is Amity admission for B.Tech open in July too?
What are the things to look out for before selecting a preschool for your children?
Do you know anyone who wasted class 11th but studied a lot in class 12th and got selected in IIT?
How will the delay in CBSE results affect college admissions?
What are the approximate minimum marks to get a seat in any of the AIIMs?
Will 2018 12th class students suffer due to the moderation policy?
Why does SSC not allow fresh registration of candidates who registered for a previous exam?
How will the class 10, class 12, and graduation percentages affect my CAT and GRE percentile?
Do many American students go to Europe for higher education because it is cheaper? What is your experience?
What should we do to pass 10th and get into medical science?
How should I start preparing for the GATE, and in which order should I study the subjects? I need to make a schedule based on the importance of each subject.
Should I study by takin notes and lecturing, making questions out of subheadings or by using flashcards to get better grades in high school?
Is the ICSE or the CBSE best for the NEET?
How can I become a priest in future?
How do I learn all of the high school chemistry, biology and math in 2 weeks?
What are some of the best online law school programs?
Where can I download RD Sharma’s book free for class 12?
Do we come to know AIIMS marks immediately after exams?
Is there any book or online course available to understand economics?
When will the 2017 Class 12 HSC result be declared?
Which is the best book of Accountancy and Commerce for ISC board class 11?
What are the difficulties students face since they don’t have an ask and answer website in their college to clear their doubts about their academics?
Do high marks scorers also get grace marks in the CBSE moderation policy?
Is there a GST exemption for the employees of private coaching tuitions for entrance examinations (for both non teaching and teaching staff)?
Did anyone got into MBBS after scoring 40% or 50% in 12th?
How can I pass the JAIIB within 15 days?
Are MTG Foundation course class 10 books enough for the math and science portion of exams like the NTSE and other scholarship exams?
Is a rank of 329 (AIR) good enough for NCHMCT? Can I get an educational loan? If yes, then how much? What college preferences should I make?
How do I score good in the CBSE class 10 science practical questions?
I have scored 110 marks by solving AIIMS 2014 paper what are the chances that I can perform well in AIIMS 2017?
What are the major qualifications to work in a restaurant after class 12?
Is there a moderation policy in the CBSE board result 2017?
Which college is the better choice for a BBA: NDIM or JIMS Sector-3?
Which countries have the most effective family planning education for school-aged children?
I study German in one group with Arabs and Syrians. The teacher is a Jew. She is often rude. I am not allowed to change the group. Is there a way out?
In the improvement exams, do they calculate the best marks, or use the whole year’s marks?
What are the basic education qualifications required to get admission into an agriculture college?
Which is the best university in the world in which to study Indian history?
Can a science student pursue law after class 12? If so, what steps should one take to get into a reputable law school?
What does a class 12 marksheet look like?
Will I qualify for the Advanced 2017 if I get only 8 marks in physics (paper 1 and 2) and 65 each in math and chemistry?
How do I get help with math problems online?
How is the EPIM course of the BSE Institute? Is it worth it for a salaried professional?
Does ISC declare results on weekends?
How was the ICSE board exam?
Do kindergarten and 6th grade teachers earn differently in salary?
When will CBSE class 12 result come after the order from HC regarding the moderation policy?
How does examiner gives marks in engineering?
What are the best books for science students in class 11?
What should you do when you don't recieve an award that you are supposed to get?
In the ICSE 2017 in mathematics, I drew the wrong number line. How many marks will be deducted?
What do Muslim students do if they participate in food and beverage courses?
How do I devote equal time to each subject while preparing for JEE?
What's the most important part of the application of universities?
What makes a school both fun and excellent? What steps or considerations should I have?
Which matters more, knowledge or experience?
When will the Karnataka CET results be announced?
What is the meaning of drama and theatre in education?
How do I prepare for the AIIMS exam that is 13 months from now?
What​ is IIT? What should we study in intermediate for betterment?
I am interested in computer science, which are the different courses available after 12 in India?
Would anyone take an online course about all the tools needed to create online courses?
Is there a way for me to earn a sort of exemption, or otherwise get out of taking a core high school class in Louisiana, US?
What are some good books that teach practical approaches and methods for sizing a market?
How much easier is CBSE 12 than ICSE?
What are the best short time courses after HSC (science)?
Do classes begin at Christ University immediately after orientation?
Do students from Amity Lucknow have to go to their other branches for placements?
Don’t our politicians and administrators have that much guts to send their children to government schools?
What are the competitive exams that I can give in class 11th?
What is Gordon Miller's educational qualification?
What is CBSE correspondence?
What are the best reference books in class 11 science stream?
What whould you do if a student didn't want to go home?
How do people decide which college to attend?
What are the physical and email addresses of the director of Amity University in Noida?
Should I submit fees first and then get an educational loan?
How good of grades do I need for grad school in math or physics?
How can I motivate myself to study in university?
Is it possible to clear the full syllabus of the CBSE class 11th and 12th in just 6 months?
What is meant by self-education?
How will the moderation policy of the CBSE 2017 help a good and hard working student?
Why don't young people like watching the educational programs today?
How much does American education cost per person?
Is gender-segregated education better than coeducation?
Can one do maths in 3 months in class 12 if one hasn’t touched the maths book yet?
Should I study by taking notes and trying to teach the notes/lecture them or by reading a textbook and lecture at the same time to get better grades?
How can I prepare for the resonance CTs so I can score good marks and get into the A1 batch?
Have I lost my chance of getting an A grade on my English paper?
What subject should I choose after 10th for banking?
What suggestions will you give to schools to develop their potentials?
How do I prepare for NEET in class 12th?
How do I use flash cards for maths to understand concepts or should I try to self explain it to myself in high school?
Why is it elitist in Singapore for those with a higher (or more prestigious) educational attainment to disparage those without?
What are the books recommended to crack AIIMS other than NCERT and Allen modules?
When will the IIM IPMAT 2017 result be declared?
Is it good or bad to marry your female teacher? And why?
Will the TN syllabus change affect the NEET in 2018?
What are some valuable important points for solving case studies of business studies for class 12th CBSE?
What are the career options after 12th class PCMB in science?
How do I manage my time for 12th board CBSE as well as for SAT and IELTS?
Which syllabus is best iCSE, CBSE, or state for NEET?
Should I go to LPU? Is the education and placement good there?
Where can I download RD Sharma for class 12 as a PDF for free?
Is the reservation policy in the education sector helpful for the development of the country?
What is the education qualification needed to apply for the Dell Company?
How do prestigious educational institutes in India show the relation between student's socioeconomic background and their selection in institution?
How useful is a Udemy online business course in the UK?
Can I apply for admission to DU after class 12? I am currently in class 10.
What is more important: knowledge or effort?
When will the 12th HSC 2017 results be out?
Can I crack the NTSE exam by studying the state board book and finding information on the internet?
What is the best course to take when you have scored 60% in 12th?
How many marks are required for CPT?
What are the online DELE preparation courses available for less than 200 euros?
Why is there a feeling of emptiness after one graduates from high school/university?
What is the new date of CBSE class 12 result 2017? Has any information regarding that issued by the board?
Should I summarise the chapters from my book to study and get better grades in high school?
What is the group​ code for CBSE 12th?
What was the reaction of your parents after your 12th class results? How did you tackle your relatives?
Is 3.3 a good GPA for the first semester of the first year with 10 credits, and do schools like Harvard, Princeton, etc., consider the grades of the first year?
Does your class 12 percentage matter in MBA placements? I got 72% in both class 12 and college, and 88% in class 10. Will I have issues with getting shortlisted for summer internships?
Which is the best book for the learning basics of programming? I have just completed C++ up to the class 12 level for the CBSE boards?
Are maths or CMS compulsory for the commerce stream?
Why should one study banking?
Are there any fine art Indian students on Quora? Can anyone share some effective and economical ways to pursue fine arts in Delhi?
Which institute in India is best for mass communications after 12th?
Can one repeat class 11 and 12 while simultaneously doing BA with it?
Are there any competitive math exams that a first year engineering student can take?
Is the ICSE 2019 syllabus changing?
How do I become a CBI officer after 12?
Which are the best books for accountancy class 12?
How can I get a 10 CGPA in 10 class?
Is it okay for a teacher to shove me in the head?
Where does one write the AP exam?
Is history a tough subject after 10th?
What are the actual rights guaranteed to a US high school student?
How does teacher check a paper when half a page is empty?
Does Brilliant help people master undergrad maths?
How can I prepare to succeed in 9th grade?
Where should I study from for the CIMA professional gateway exam? Is the institute's study material sufficient?
In state board, is English core elective or functional?
Have you ever experienced failure as an elementary school classroom teacher? What did you learn from it?
Why is school mandatory in the U.S.?
What is AP intermediate?
Where can you study for free in Canada and pay after graduating?
Do you guys think that education can abolish terrorism?
Is the Caribbean Advanced Proficiency Examinations eligible for direct entry into an undergraduate degree course in Germany?
What is the state of language education like in Serbia?
Where can I get best tuitions for arts subjects in Kolkata?
Do you have any idea on product concepts for education?
What was the NTSE syllabus in Karnataka 2016?
How many students passes IMUCET every year?
Why do schools need music programs?
What should I learn after passing high school to get admission into MIT?
How many days does the FIITJEE take to allot new batches to the students after the reshuffling test?
What is the cost of home schooling and how is it carried out?
Who is a school teacher?
How can I score the max grades in exams on lessons that are hard to study?
What's a good way to remember study designs?
Is it worth spending money on IT-related higher education in a foreign university for an Indian now?
How can I cope with leaving teachers?
Do you think a CFA will provide better investment advice, or is their advice no better than that provided with no education?
What will be the best university choice for me?
When will the 12th CBSE results be announced?
What are your thoughts about moderation on class 12 marks?
Is there any free hacking courses available (standard courses)?
As a high school student who's passionate about AI, how can I start learning it?
What percentage of the time do you actually pay attention in a class?
Do middle school teachers have a right to give the student a hard time in a classroom if they struggle to learn?
Will the CBSE give grace marks in the exam for class 12 chem 2017?
Which sites are useful to study for UGC NET?
How should the education system work?
Do we have to learn the AIIMS password for an exam or will it be provided?
What are the flaws of the current education system?
If everyone with 10 CGPA is 95 % then how do you rank students in 10th CBSE exam?
How does school work in Uganda?
What are the prerequisites to start a primary school and how does one get CBSE affiliation?
When will the ISC board results come out for 2017?
What is the best course to take when you have get 60% in 12th (science)?
How can we teach innovation?
Is archaeology a science or arts subject?
What is an easy way of teaching maths to primary school kids?
What's the best way to balance 7 hours of school, 3 hours of homework, sports, and video games?
Should you change schools if you feel your school is not good enough for you?
Which is the best dummy school based on CBSE in Jabalpur?
Can someone get into a good college affiliated with Delhi University with a 90% in board exams?
Can I get admission in any college for a BSc with 12% in 12th class?
What are some maths be tricks for high school?
Why are NCERT books preferred for higher classes?
Is the topic "determination of contents of cold drinks" good for my class 12 investigatory project?
Are 6th-12th Science NCERTS worth reading? Most S and T questions are from current affairs.
What is the best advice about Finance to give to a new high school graduate?
What is the impact of CBSE delaying exam results on students getting admission in TN colleges via counselling?
Are you interested in AP ideas?
Is 82% a bad score on the CBSE Class 12 if I plan on doing a CPL?
What apps are helpful for students?
What best place for studying painting and cinema?
Is there any difference in VMC premium correspondence if one applies online for the course?
When taking notes to study in high school, should I just take them once and read them, or should I take notes everytime I read to study?
When are the 2017 Maharashtra state Board 12th results going to be released?
How are grace marks alloted to the students of CBSE after the HC order?
How can I become a workaholic and studyaholic and get better grades in high school?
How do I find members to form a band in high school when I don't know anyone?
What is a good idea for a school commercial project (grade 8)?
How will CBSE give marks now after the High Court's decision regarding the marks moderation policy?
What percentage of high school students read the assigned texts?
Can I get my mark sheet number when the CBSE results are released?
Why is it required for a student to learn stuff in school for long years which has no application in reality?
What is being a student at Dreyfoos School of the Arts like?
When should I take the SAT exam?
Should I take language classes until full literacy or professional reading/writing?
How do I to get my dual enrollment teachers to write me glowing letters of recommendations for Ivies and similar college applications?
What was the lowest score last year to get into AIIMS Delhi?
Should I study by taking notes from my textbook and then trying to teach someone through those notes to get better grades in high school?
What type of education system, curriculum, pedagogy, and possibilities would you like to have?
Which course should I choose after 12th, BBA, BBM or BBS?
How many grace marks are in KCET 2017?
Who will conduct the NEET 2018, the CBSE or any other committee?
What are you taking for your GCSE?
How difficult is getting good marks in GATE exam?
What are the maximum marks that can be obtained in RRB NPTC?
Should Mathematics in secondary schools be compulsory?
Which programme and in which college/varsity should I pursue after class 12 which offers me a wide variety of subjects to learn?
Is there really any point of going to college, when there's so much more easily accessible information on the internet?
Is ordinary education more important than skill?
Is a 5 year integrated engineering course a better one?
What is the difference between junior college and higher secondary school?
What was your percentage in class 11 as a PCM student?
Are there any people on Quora who are pro school choice and well versed in the topic?
How can I score a 98% in commerce on the CBSE Class 12 exam with math?
Will we get moderation marks in the CBSE maths board exam in 2017?
What are the benefits of an environmental education program?
What are the current teaching methodologies in geography?
What will happen to class 12 students after the Delhi HC decision, and how will the CBSE moderate by delaying results?
Can somebody suggest colleges that offer courses in archeology?
Will the ICSE also take back its “no moderation” policy after the decision of the high court?
Will doing boarding in Kota be better for class 11 and further for IIT?
What is the difference between biotechnology and biomedical engineering? How do I opt these after class 12? I am a PCM student.
Is it the school's fault that students cheat?
Do 10th grade marks really matter in life?
What is cram school?
What are options for a career after 12th for a medical student?
What is the difference between grace marks and the spiking of marks? This is the decision taken by the HRD Minister for CBSE 2017.
What sort of education do most Google employees get?
How do you know when you study hard?
What are the optional and compulsary subjects in 11th CBSE with PCB?
Why is CBSE creating so much confusion? Will grace marks and moderation policy continue or not?
Do Palestinians really teach their kids in schools to hate Israelis?
Is there any pre-closure charge for an education loan in IOB in India?
Which course should I choose after 12 non-medical to get a job in America?
What are all the common government exams that a UG can attend?
Which maths concepts book is best for IIT levels?
Which college is best for the 11th?
How do I get good marks in class 10 board examination 2018?
What is the feedback on Antwerp Management School in Belgium?
As one who’s gone to virtual school and is going into a public high school next year, what are some of the things that I should expect?
How do I encourage a surly teenager to study for importantly exams?
How can I become a learning machine as a teenager in high school and what study method should I use to accomplish this?
Do middle schools teach "state history" like Texas has "Texas history" in sixth grade?
How do I identify academically weak students?
I am working in Service Desk. I like to complete a course in Citrix. What is the best course that I can opt for?
What are the differences between a fitness trainer certificate and diploma? Would I be able to get hired if I enroll in a recognized school/class?
In ICSE, are the marks obtained in written exams or internal assessments in class 9 added to class 10 marks?
What does "Study the historian before you begin to study the facts" mean?
What was the pattern of marks for class 10 students?
What are the overall benefits and disadvantages of studying Further Mathematics (Pure Math, Statistics and Mechanics) in Cambridge A Levels?
Is management easy for those who have studied 11-12 std. in science?
How can I score in the FSC exams?
Who are the Maharashtra Board HSC Toppers?
Is Loyola College coed for the BBA?
How is biotechnology at Amity Mumbai?
What is the selection process of the Mentor Graphics Higher Education Program?
Can I be a good student in maths in 3 months?
Which is the best creative writing course for distance education?
How important was painting to you when you were at primary school? Why?
What will happen if I am absent for sixth subject (PE) in CBSE 12 Boards 2017?
If I finish all certificates on freeCodeCamp, how long will I have to wait to start working on a nonprofit project?
Can one get 100 marks in social studies, in Haryana secondary examination?
Can I get admission in MBBS after passing the NIOS?
How do I improve my English marks in the ISC?
If I have less time what would be more helpful, solving questions or only studying the chapters for AIIMS?
Is there any entrance exam for pilot after class 12?
Are non-maths students allowed in the Goenka College of Commerce?
What are some cool applications of computer vision in education (traditional classrooms, MOOCs, etc.)?
In MBBS study, we have to revise many times but I don't like to revise. How do I make it a daily habit?
Do American children still learn cursive these days?
How will I get to know my Class X CBSE result without the roll number or any other details, I only have the CBSE Affiliation number?
What are the best university to study biotechnology in the world?
Should I start using mind maps to study and get better grades in high school?
How was ICSE 2017 papers?
What is taught in the Electronics and Electrical Communication branch at IIT KGP?
Should I answer practice questions while checking my book to study and get better grades in high school?
Does education make you a better person?
Are Muslim students treated well in public Catholic high schools in Ontario, Canada?
Is it true that the Gujrat board are going to adopt the CBSE board?
What is the present status of those schools in Delhi which interview the child's parents to award admission to nursery or primary education to the child?
Why can't I do well in school?
Which are the best places to do my undergraduate?
One of my teachers purposely said and taught the entire class something wrong. What should I do?
How can I appear for improvements of 12th PCM percentage?
Why do people against school choice argue that public schools will lose funds when that is exactly the point?
How do you like school absence penalty notice?
Does 0.9¯0.9¯0.\bar9 equal 111?
What type of interaction happens between juniors and seniors at AIIMS Delhi?
How's the situation of employment for students who graduated from Sheridan College? My subject is computer animation.
How do I get urgent duplicate 10th passing certificate in Rajasthan board?
Is it okay have a break for preparation for the NEET and AIIMS?
What are some tips for making a resume in high school?
How do I prepare for 9th grade? I want to be the top of my class and to know a lot.
Can anyone provide me with a PDF file of O.P. Tandon Chemistry class 11?
Does the language or writing system that people in your country use online differ from the one taught in schools? If so, why?
When reading and studying, should I read aloud or read silently for me to get better grades in high school?
Have you ever had teachers who call their students "Mr." and "Miss"? And if you're a teacher, do you do so yourself?
What surprised you most about American high school culture?
How many of you are in support of or in against of CBSE's moderation policy?
When reading to get better grades in high school, should I read everything or just skim fastly through everything and slow down on important parts?
When studying and trying to teach someone else to get better grades in high school, should I teach the entire chapter or only the main points?
How can I become my own professor and learn high school material alone? What study method should I use?
Can I get admission in Amity university mechanical engineering on the basis of class 12th result rather than on the score of Amity-JEE?
What do you think about the school system where you live?
When will the ISC declare it's 12th results?
What is the easy way to get good marks in 11 CBSE?
If you could only pick 7 school subjects from elementary to senior high, what are they?
What aspect of education is missing in people that lack critical analysis and have shallow reasoning?
Can a Nepali student compute for JEE after class 10?
Do you have to create a study timetable to study effectively? What are good alternatives?
Why are the CBSE and HRD playing dirty politics over the class 12 results? At the end of the day, the students suffer due to the policy lapses.
What is a good book to study string theory at a level higher than Zwiebach's that is appropriate for an advanced undergraduate physics student?
What was the attitude that you approached subjects with during your preparation? Was it with an intent to learn, or to somehow finish the concept?
What is the syllabus for the CLAT that I should study from 11th standard as I have chosen PCB with maths as an option?
What are the best sites to learn something new?
What's some good advice for a teacher switching to first grade after 15 years of teaching fifth grade?
Does IIM consider the best of four for ISC students or the average of all the subjects?
Is there an exam to get a seat in the IIA, after 12?
How was the accounts paper?
What is the best education after 2nd PUC in commerce?
Do we have to save each and every question while giving the AIIMS paper?
Can I give bank exams after passing 12th std.?
Can a top 50 rank in AIIMS be achieved in 1 year?
Should I take MGM Indore or drop a year to try for AIIMS Delhi?
What is CBSE moderation policy?
Is India's bilingual education system halting some brilliant students' progress in research and other wings of education?
What is the best way to study anatomy for a curriculum in medicine?
Will colleges care if I don't take honors English or AP English lang/lit?
When reading to study for high school, should I read the entire chapter or only the summary at the end of it to improve my grades?
What is the ranking of the ECTEL (enhanced learning) conference?
Is it possible to get 100 percent marks in music in 10+2 after opting it just from 10+1?
Seeing the age and time, should teachers become more interactive and intuitive using technology or apps for education in school?
Is there any 11th group related to a B.A. in literature in Ambattur?
How should I use the method of "teaching others" to get better grades in high school?
Students nowadays complain that teachers don't teach well. Is that so, or are these just some excuses by them? If it is so, then how can we improve this?
I​ got 50% in the class 12 (commerce) examination. Can I take the CA-CPT exam?
Can I homeschool my children in Morocco?
Can a student who failed in the 12th (HSC), have the re-exam for the 12th arts stream online?
How often do high school students not get REM sleep?
Can a supplementary student take the MBBS entrance exam?
Will the ISC marking scheme be affected by the moderation policy?
I have graduated from school with PCMB (ISC Board). What should I pursue for MBA, BSc, BBA or BBM? What will be more beneficial?
Where can I take online ECE classes in San Mateo?
What is a good approach to study economics for UPSC?
How much should I score to get a seat in AIIMS?
Which are the best courses to take up in engineering?
Will CBSE only give grace marks this year?
If I am graduating from school in Bhopal, can I get into any good colleges abroad?
Can I get good marks for writing a 2 page answer for an 18 marks question at DU, if I am a student of humanities and political science?
Isn't it unfair for a CBSE improvement exam student if he is allotted the same room at an exam centre where he sits together with a compartment exam student?
What are some suggestions for ISC English in 2019?
What needs to be done to reduce the taboo towards contraceptives?
What is Lycos computer education?
Should I go for BMS or baf after 12?
What sectors should I choose after doing biology in class 12?
Why should I opt for BBA?
Is tommorow CBSE 12th results? What is the timing and website to check result?
Is there any dummy school in Ghaziabad?
Should I study by acting like I am teaching others to get better grades in high school to get better grades?
Is Lubbock High School haunted?
Can someone be proficient in Newtonian level physics without higher education?
What jobs can make me rich without too much education?
In which subject will CBSE provide grace marks now after the high court orders?
Can schools in Utah legally force kids to come back on the grounds?
What are some of the best undergraduate schools for chemistry?
Will government colleges consider improvement mark sheets?
How do you put down an annoying/mischievous student in class?
How did you get an AIR of 10 in AIIMS Main?
What are the accurate answers of Math ICSE 2017?
What is effect of the marks moderation policy on individually-scored marks in the CBSE board exams?
What was it like to study at UF? What were your experiences, professors, classes, people, etc.?
How good is Cork Institute of Technology?
Is maintaining the same GPA throughout high school difficult?
What was your strategy for history optional, and how did you score good marks in it?
What career options do I get in science stream if I go ahead with it and from which subjects?
What language do you take at school?
Which one is best for an MBA: Amity Business Noida or Galgotias University Noida?
Before jumping into HC Verma, should I use another book for class 11?
Should I listen to music while studying in high school to get better grades?
Should I take notes from books in high school and study by them or should I just read the book and study without taking notes to get better grades?
What is the most frustrating thing about going to high school to you?
How should I prepare for ICSE class 10th?
When will the online admissions start for a 12th science student in suburban Mumbai?
How do I make a team table for one year if I want to prepare for the AIIMS 2018?
In what way(s) Chinese education system is better than Indian edu. system? How can we rectify our shortcomings?
Where can I find the 2016 AIIMS question papers if they’re available in any book (offline)?
What is the meaning of the Marks Moderation Policy?
How can I become good in math?
Shouldn't economics be taught in high school as a required course?
What can 12th pass students interested in physics and astronomy do before they join their college (in my case IIT or IISC)?
Should I study by reading and trying to lecture on what I am reading or by using flash cards and Quizlet to get better grades in high school?
Is it wise to take science and do bio technology after 10th along with hotel management and also a few courses of makeup artistry?
What are the good ways to get an experienced developer to teach you some skills?
Can I be accepted to French university after not being in school for 4 years? I graduated from a prestigious private school in the USA.
Will ISC also continue with the moderation policy for year 2017?
If CBSE follows the HC order, will CISCE follow the same, or are ISC students at a disadvantage?
Is the university life really more fun than high school?
Is it fine to play PC games as study breaks when you're studying 10-12 hours each day for the NEET?
What is a great way help your grand children learn with you?
Is conventional mathematics methods that are taught in schools are justified?
What is the latest NAAC ranking of humanities colleges? What are all the A grade colleges in India?
Could we pay for UK further education with an extra 1% tax on everyone who has a degree?
What kinds of alternative schools do you think deserve support with tax money and what are the advantages of those schools?
Why do people love to show off their degree on Quora?
Will high school AP Prob/Stats and Calculus be too confusing to take a test the same time?
What is the best degree course?
What are some important chapters for the JIPMER exam?
Is it true that those who score well in college will also score well in competitive programming?
What is it like to adopt a preteen, who is 11 to 12?
What is the best advice that you can give to anyone in high school?
What is it like to be a student of Vidhyaa Vikas for 10th or 12th Standard?
How is the art stream for future career?
How do I prepare for the CLAT after standard 10?
How many classes are held in a week in Concept Educations, Guwahati for a foundation 2 year course (engineering)?
Is it a good idea to move to the US with teenage kids (10th grade and 6th grade)?
Is Kalyani Central Model School a dummy school?
Can we get an education loan in third year as well with 3 backs?
Can I become a software engineer if I choose PCB and Information Practices in class 11?
How can I get good marks in 12th biology-maths group to get a medical seat in AIIMS or JIPMER?
What is the percentage in 12 boards required for an OBC candidate to sit for the IIT exam?
Can studying by reciting/trying to teach others a chapter and trying to link it with something else help me get better grades in high school?
Which course is better at Polytechnic?
Should I take long term coaching for AIIMS Delhi 2018?
What is the schedule for students of different semesters in IISERK throughout the week? Are there classes on Saturday too?
How would you fix the American school system?
What are the IT skills needed for human resources? Is there any online free course available?
Do I stand a chance of doing a PhD from outside India? I have scored only 83.8% in class X, 59.4% in class XII & 60.25% in a BSc (1st class in botany).
I am in tenth class now. What is the secret to being good at math?
How many marks are increased in the moderation policy of the CBSE?
What grace marks are given in the CBSE board exams in 2017?
Are your schools informed about Islam?
How does education help people?
How is the education system in Finland?
How should one face their ''relatives'' when one was unable to score even fair marks in 2 consecutive important exams?
If 4n+2n=24n+2n=24^n+2^n=2, what’s nnn?
When will the class 11 session start in 2017?
How can you break math?
Can I qualify for Vocational rehabilitation, if I already have a college degree? If so, which benefits can I qualify for?
Is the high school diploma itself important?
What are the options available, other than MBBS, if I have taken pure science with computer in class 11 and 12 CBSE?
What are the greatest obstacles for diversity in higher education?
I have an irregular IB diploma without any sciences and I want to major in business. Does this affect my admissions anywhere?
Can I repeat 12th from CBSE to MP boards and change stream too?
What is educational equality?
What is your advice regarding Personal Financial Security to teenagers just out of high school?
How do I get a government job easily after 12th science?
What are the technological trends in education?
What was your class 12 percentage, and has it helped you in any way?
How can one do higher studies abroad?
The Delhi HC directed the CBSE to continue with the moderation policy this year. The ISC hasn't announced anything. Will the ISC keep moderation this year, too?
How difficult was PESSAT 2017?
What could the top percentile be of the Maharashtra state board 12th results?
Are you out at school? If so, what is it like? If not, why, and would you like to be?
What is a good high school resume maker?
Is there any reason to be for Betsy DeVos and her education plan? It's hard to find unbiased facts.
If I have gotten 105% and 107% on two Science tests, will they balance out my 95% and 99% and result in me passing the class with full marks?
Are grace marks helpful to every student?
Did anyone fail in the 12th board?
What is the difference between. Giving grace marks and not spiking marks in CBSE? I am really very confused.
Who serves his country more, a doctor or a teacher?
What should I say to my autistic male high school teacher?
What classes does a South Korean high school student need to study?
What happens if you leave a child at school?
After completing class 12, what is the highest post in the police that I can get?
How can I get a new marksheet of the UP board in high school?
Can I get an education loan at 40 lakhs and without any collateral security for abroad undergraduate studies?
Is Terrence Tao's method for teaching analysis effective?
Should I commit to Architecture (UG) at Newcastle University or Financial Economics (UG) at the University of Kent?
How do I study organic chemistry with coaching?
Should I pursue psychology from Amity University Gurgaon?
Can students learn database management straightaway after their graduation from school?
How much will you pay for a tutor?
What are the chances for ISC students in Tamilnadu?
Why do teachers that classes you failed, hate you? My math teacher despises me and I do not even have her as a teacher anymore.
What should one do after the final year results have been declared for an undergraduate of the School of Open Learning? My results were declared in November 2016.
Can a student study the 11th class science stream on his own, without going for any classes?
Will NEET 2017 be reconducted due to the difficulty level of the papers being different?
Are vegans in the USA more likely to be educated?
What are your tips for getting motivated to do homework?
What is the alternative to "The Tempest" drama for ISC 2019?
Which acting school in Mumbai do you suggest joining?
I attend Aakash coaching classes and as a result I get only about 3 hours for studying. Is NCERT syllabus enough for securing a seat in SRM/NIT?
How can I score the max grades on exams on lessons that are hard do study?
What are some good schools offering A levels in Pune?
Are there any correlations between the NEET and AIIMS marks?
How is the geospatial technology course at Manipal?
What's the best study method for high school that is effective and that doesn’t involve lots of reading?
Should I study in high school to get better grades by trying to lecture the material to someone else or should I create questions and answer them?
Which is the best reference book for 9th for every subject?
Is 60.10 a good score in NIFT?
Why did you take a gap before college?
Which topic is the best for demo class 11?
Can I write GATE after completing 12th?
So when is the final date for CBSE 12th board results?
Is BBA or civil better?
How can I get into climate change research after 12th class?
What is it like to study in MGIMO?
What is the confirmed date of the result of Maharashtra HSC Board 2017?
What's your take on experiential education? How do you think travel experiences can transform learning for kids?
Do questions get repeated in AIIMS?
Do you enjoy school?
What study method should I use in high school to study to get better grades and understand the material?
Which is the best maths book of class 8?
What is a BSMS course in India?
Why did all of the faculty of Vibrant Academy leave?
Is there any famous university from the UK or the US that provides online leadership classes and certificates?
Would you please provide the SEBI grade A exam syllabus?
What is an intellectually rigorous degree I can take?
If a person wants to become an astrophysicist, which field should he study after 12th standard in India?
Will CBSE won't scrap moderation policy this year?
How did Charlemagne's support of education benefit his kingdom?
In the United States of America, do you have to go to your highschool graduation to get your diploma?
Which college can a student get if he scores 152 marks in the AKTU PCM entrance exam?
From where can I get +1 ISC paper?
Does Global Shiksha, Edurite, etc., really help children in education?
What is the best way to prepare for my chemistry 10th board exam (I'll give it in 2018)?
Do you need to remember everything at all times in Math to advance?
Will only students of Delhi benefit from the moderation policy?
Who is a a teacher?
What is the criteria to get an admission to the UG medical college after 12th CBSE?
How was CBSE's syllabus before 2008?
How do you like High School compared to Middle School?
There is no moderation this year for CBSE class 12. Only grace marks are being awarded. Won't it affect the Delhi students?
What is the most practical line of work with a 4-year degree in Translation and a TESOL Certification? Should I go back to school and practice?
Is Sophia College for Women good for my daughter for class 11th if she wants to take arts or humanities?
Which units should 8th semester ECE VTU students study?
Can I make it to a decent engineering college in India without any interest in maths and science?
What subjects are to be chosen as electives during the VTU Electronics and Communication 7th Semester?
What should I do to study smart and get good grades rather than hard and getting bad grades?
I have a terrible math teacher, what resources can I use to help my grade?
What are the top 5 math topics high schoolers are scared of?
How does the high school where you go differ from your friends’ schools?
How does IB physics HL compare to AP physics and High school physics (USA)?
How can I understand maths, study it and get better grades in high school?
How can I learn (understand better) high school biology, chemistry, and math in 2 weeks?
What is the net worth of Study IQ Education owner Dr. Gaurav Garg, in crores if rupees?
Is there any coaching after 10th for UPSC?
What are some suggestions for the last 10-15 days before the 2017 preliminary exams? How do I relax in order to deal with my anxiety and sleeplessness?
How can I focus in class and stop making stupid jokes during class?
What are the implications of the high court order on stopping CBSE from removing the marks moderation scheme this year?
Can I fill the improvement form of class 12 in 2017 without wasting my year?
How do I get most out of online learning?
Is Make School a college? If not, what is it?
In importance sampling, what is the difference between p(x)p(x) p(x)  and q(x)q(x) q(x) ?
Which university should I choose for a BBA course- LPU, UPES or Amity Business School?
What scholarships are available for a student wanting to study for an UG qualification abroad?
Who has a class in school that actually feels like prison?
What software can teaching assistants (PhD candidates or otherwise) use?
Can I decide that if I drop a year I will fully grab the basics of all subjects required for AIIMS Delhi 2018? I want to do MBBS from AIIMS Delhi only.
How do I know the syllabus and marks pattern of class 10?
What are some class 11 topics to study for NSEJS?
If came 15 minutes late to class, can a teacher refuse to teach me and leave 30 minutes early?
I attend Aakash coaching classes and as a result I get only 4 hours for studying. Is NCERT syllabus enough for securing a seat in VIT/SRM?
Which book has easy methods for class 12?
Why can I focus at school but not at home?
Is it good to take mechatronics at the bachelor’s level (for undergraduate study)? Or should we take it at the master’s level?
What course can be taken after finishing computer science group in 12th in CBSE?
Would it be hard for a student from Kerala to make friends at Amity University, Noida?
When will the results for Ishan Uday 2016-2017 be declared?
What does a school/district director of technology do?
Why didn’t the CBSE decide to scrap the moderation policy before commencement of the 12th board session?
How do I concentrate on my education?
How important, would you say, going to college is?
What does it mean when someone learns better doing an online course rather than in a course taught by someone in person?
What can I learn from a high school chemistry course?
How can I absorb/learn the material while in class in high school?
Can anyone will share the complete study material for the CAT?
Why do I take too much time to study one topic? How can I study efficiently?
How good are Mechanical Academy’s classes?
What is the best YouTube channel to prepare for CBSE class 12 (PCM)?
As a primary teacher in the UK, will I be paid more if I have a Master's degree instead of a Bachelor's?
How I should manage time in my ICSE board examination?
Are the MTG Foundation course class 10 books enough for a math and science Olympiad?
Which course should take after 10 std if I was intrested in drawing?
If you were a paraprofessional that had to sit in a class with mentally impaired students every day, what would you do?
The NEET this year was easier than before. Can we expect AIIMS to be simple, too, so that we can be mentally prepared to score more than last year?
What should I know about being a freshman in high school? (I will be in 2 years, but still.) Is it initially rewarding, or always terrible?
When will the 12 CBSE results come out?
Should I go for the arts stream after class 12?
Can I get 90% in 12 after getting grace marks to 80%?
Are American business schools a lot better than British ones?
Will CBSE pass the student in maths of class 10?
Do I need to take biology in class 12 if I wish to pursue a BPharm at ICT Mumbai?
Which is the best college for post graduation?
Are 4 AS subjects (Biology, Chemistry, Maths, and English Language) sufficient to get into a university in the UK?
Is there any petition going on against CBSE's decision of scrapping it's moderation policy?
What should you do if you want to finish your university education but have no money, weak credit score, and poor grades from when you first attended?
If you were a teacher and you had to teach the high school version of yourself, what advice would you give her?
Which subject stream should I take?
Is the reason high schools are called that because everyone gets high during this period in school?
How hard is it to teach coding?
Can I get a scholarship even if I had failing grades?
Which is the best career option after class 10? Which stream will provide me with more job opportunities?
Is there a list of where I can get mock PRINCE2 Practitioner exam papers?
How do I file a case against CBSE to decrease the 75% criteria for NIT/IIT in 2017 as they will be giving less marks due to scrapping of moderation?
What are the best skills I should learn?
Can I crack the RBI Grade B exam in my 1st attempt?
What is the best effective way to study fast and for long retaining?
What will happen if CBSE moves to SC against moderation?
Is Amity University, Noida recognised by the Kerala bar council?
Do teachers teach Hindi and what is the medium of instructions in NLUs like NALSAR, NLUJ, NUJS, etc.? (I mean teaching, talking, speaking, etc.)
Is it possible to create a career in cricket after getting an education?
What options do I get if I choose art as a stream ahead?
Why can't American colleges allow direct entry to medical school at age 18 like the rest of the world? Wouldn't this be more cost-effective?
For which rank of EMCET does a BIPC student get free seats in any course?
Should I choose banking, maths, or secretarial practices in my class 11 commerce stream?
How can I make my class 11 physics strong for medical entrance exams?
When will the CBSE class 12 results be published?
What can schools do for student’s intellectual development?
Where is the best education in the US or in Russia?
How much percentage in SSLC (Matric) is considered to be in first class?
Are you an ex-student from SM BATHA High School in Panchgani?
What are the minimum marks for AIIMS?
Is my 12 class percentage very important for my future career?
What's life like after high school?
Why aren't many young educated people in India leaning towards bettering their political scenario or not participating in it to bring out a change?
What online graduate school is cheaper for a doctoral course?
What advice would you give to a freshman in high school who is starting to become exposed to more and more of today's world?
Will the ISC board give grace marks now, after the HC order?
Will CISCE also declare results after moderation of marks like CBSE this year?
Is there any website that provides the proof of various math and physics formulas? I am currently in class 10th.
How do I study for the CBSE business studies paper for class 12?
As an RBI Grade B officer, do you get a chance to do public service, like in civil services?
Can you statistically prove that board results don't matter in India?
How do I manage and study both the 12th public exam as well as the NEET exam?
What is the most difficult class you've ever taken?
How is the BBA course at Bennet University?
Do we have to pass out from class 10 first to appear for the ASAT Nurture course at ALLEN?
How can one do complex math problems in one's head?
How many exams will there be for class 11 in the CBSE 2017-18 academic session?
What type of maths is included in economics?
What should I do to stop talking in class, stop making friends, and just focus on learning in high school?
How can I get my 12th class marksheet after 2 years gap?
How will the modern no grace marks policy of the CBSE affect the students taking exams in 2018?
What are some elite boarding secondary schools in the US and UK with decent to good swimming programs?
How do you cope with teachers insulting you?
Which one is better - BBA or 3 continent BBA from Amity Noida?
Is upgradation continuing this year (2016-2017) in class X?
What are the best books for Phase 2 of RBI B Grade Exam?
Does a premium B School tag really make a difference?
Where can I get NCERT 11th class books at a discounted price in Gurgaon?
As entreprenuership becomes more popular and education of entreprenuers becomes more widespread, do you think a well defined career path will emerge?
How should I study and what study method should I use to become like Einstein as a teenager?
What is the expected date for ICSE results for class 10?
How is Amity University Noida for fashion communication?
What are the global trends in education today?
How do I suggest a course for a weak student after intermediate?
What is the "one year graduation" of IGNOU? I'm a bachelor in science college dropout. Can I opt for this one-year course?
What are the best and worst things in an American high school (in terms of people and experience as opposed to work)?
What is the standard for the questions on the PGET in CSE at MAKAUT? And where can I find sample question papers for the same?
What are some interesting topics for my class 11 physics project?
Which subject is easy, and which is tough in BITS 2017?
How can I spend less time studying but learn more and study more efficiently and get better grades?
Why is money more important than education?
Why is it considered disrespectful to not attend classes you do not want to go to?
How can I score 90 marks in MP board English class 12th?
When is the Bihar Board 12th Science result likely to be declared?
What things are taught in ECE and what practical things will I be able to make after the course?
How many of you have been a victim of loneliness in high school and college?
Is a 276 score in NWEA Mathematics good for a 7th grader?
Should I take computer science or biology in 11 for science?
On what aspects is education in foreign schools better than Indian schools?
Do other ethnic minority groups get jealous over Jewish and East Asian immigrants because of their wealth and education status?
How do I find the best study material for CLAT on the internet?
How will the Delhi High Court’s verdict regarding the moderation policy, affect the ICSE and ISC results?
Should I stop gaming to get better grades in school and study more or should I keep gaming as a teen?
How can one get a 90+ score in the CBSE board exams of 2017-2018?
How can I get good study skills and improve my grades in high school?
What marks does one have to score in each subject to get 90% in 12th board?
Is high school like middle school?
What we can do after learning accounts commerce in 12th?
Can CBSE go against the order of Delhi HC?
What are the educational options after 10th for a brilliant student?
In CBSE schools, what is the difference between a Hindi A and a Hindi B course?
What is your advice to a student who is willing to leave university and start studying online?
What is the best way to study effectively for excellent performance in high school?
Can I appear for NEET 2018 if I failed in one subject in the CBSE board in 2017 but passed it later in the compartment exam?
When will KV’s process admission in class 9, I mean within how many days after declaration of the tenth result?
How does one get revenge on teachers after graduation?
Should college education be free?
What should one do in the time gap when school ends and college is yet to start?
Can we write JEE Mains in 11th grade?
Why did you choose to enroll your child in private school?
How many marks are required on the KCET for the veterinary subject?
Which 5 subjects are selected in class 11 and 12 in the arts department?
What are some widely used learning management software in Saudi Arabian schools and universities?
Is Amity admission for B.Tech open in July too?
Have you ever challenged a grade you thought was too high?
Should I join Aakash in class 9 if I am willing to take medical?
What are the things to look out for before selecting a preschool for your children?
Do you know anyone who wasted class 11th but studied a lot in class 12th and got selected in IIT?
How will the delay in CBSE results affect college admissions?
Wat could be a unique idea for my biology investigatory project in class 12?
Is studying especially important in high school?
What are the approximate minimum marks to get a seat in any of the AIIMs?
Why does SSC not allow fresh registration of candidates who registered for a previous exam?
How will the class 10, class 12, and graduation percentages affect my CAT and GRE percentile?
Do many American students go to Europe for higher education because it is cheaper? What is your experience?
How can I solve x+cos(x)=ax+cos⁡(x)=ax+\cos(x)=a for xxx? Is it possible at all?
What should we do to pass 10th and get into medical science?
How should I start preparing for the GATE, and in which order should I study the subjects? I need to make a schedule based on the importance of each subject.
Should I study by takin notes and lecturing, making questions out of subheadings or by using flashcards to get better grades in high school?
Is the ICSE or the CBSE best for the NEET?
How can I become a priest in future?
How relevant is the 2017 syllabus of ISC with that of CBSE?
How do I learn all of the high school chemistry, biology and math in 2 weeks?
I will take Algebra 2 HN in 10th grade. Am I behind as an engineering school candidate? What's your suggestions?
Is it possible to know how much grace marks you've got in class 12 CBSE board?
What is continuing professional education in CPA?
What are some of the best online law school programs?
Where can I download RD Sharma’s book free for class 12?
Do we come to know AIIMS marks immediately after exams?
Is there any book or online course available to understand economics?
When will the 2017 Class 12 HSC result be declared?
Which is the best book of Accountancy and Commerce for ISC board class 11?
My school is meant for smart kids, I generally get As and Bs, but I have 2 Cs. Is that bad? Is a C even a passing grade? What will other schools say?
What are the difficulties students face since they don’t have an ask and answer website in their college to clear their doubts about their academics?
Do high marks scorers also get grace marks in the CBSE moderation policy?
Is there a GST exemption for the employees of private coaching tuitions for entrance examinations (for both non teaching and teaching staff)?
Did anyone got into MBBS after scoring 40% or 50% in 12th?
How can I pass the JAIIB within 15 days?
Are MTG Foundation course class 10 books enough for the math and science portion of exams like the NTSE and other scholarship exams?
Is a rank of 329 (AIR) good enough for NCHMCT? Can I get an educational loan? If yes, then how much? What college preferences should I make?
For which course can I apply to complete my post graduation? I did my under graduation in electronics honors.
Is the GOAL Institute in Patna better than the Aakash Institute?
Have you successfully cheated in an GCSE or A-level exam? If so, how?
Is CBSE playing with our future?
I have scored 110 marks by solving AIIMS 2014 paper what are the chances that I can perform well in AIIMS 2017?
What are the major qualifications to work in a restaurant after class 12?
Is there a moderation policy in the CBSE board result 2017?
Which college is the better choice for a BBA: NDIM or JIMS Sector-3?
Which subjects are compulsory, and which are optional, for the CBSE class 11 commerce stream?
Which countries have the most effective family planning education for school-aged children?
I study German in one group with Arabs and Syrians. The teacher is a Jew. She is often rude. I am not allowed to change the group. Is there a way out?
In the improvement exams, do they calculate the best marks, or use the whole year’s marks?
What are the basic education qualifications required to get admission into an agriculture college?
Which is the best university in the world in which to study Indian history?
Can a science student pursue law after class 12? If so, what steps should one take to get into a reputable law school?
What does a class 12 marksheet look like?
What is it like to commute to school in NY everyday?
How do I get help with math problems online?
After graduating high school in Canada, I have to go back to Singapore for 2 years. What will my university entry/application process look like then?
How is the EPIM course of the BSE Institute? Is it worth it for a salaried professional?
Does ISC declare results on weekends?
How was the ICSE board exam?
Why have an educational institutions become a money-making business? There is no quality.
Do kindergarten and 6th grade teachers earn differently in salary?
When will CBSE class 12 result come after the order from HC regarding the moderation policy?
How does examiner gives marks in engineering?
What do you plan on doing after high school?
What are the best books for science students in class 11?
Why education is going costly day by day?
What should you do when you don't recieve an award that you are supposed to get?
How can I stop procrastinating and just study and get better grades?
What do Muslim students do if they participate in food and beverage courses?
How do I devote equal time to each subject while preparing for JEE?
Where can I check my HS results on WB board?
What makes a school both fun and excellent? What steps or considerations should I have?
Which matters more, knowledge or experience?
What is the meaning of drama and theatre in education?
Which countries teach their students “positive attitude/thinking” in schools, and which don’t?
What​ is IIT? What should we study in intermediate for betterment?
From a GPA perspective, what is the value of the Honors courses as opposed to the AP courses?
I am interested in computer science, which are the different courses available after 12 in India?
Would anyone take an online course about all the tools needed to create online courses?
Is there any thing like an MBA in nanotechnology?
Is there a way for me to earn a sort of exemption, or otherwise get out of taking a core high school class in Louisiana, US?
What was one of your closest calls in high school?
Why are school clubs the worst?
Which is better after 12th class, a diploma or a B.Tech?
What are some good books that teach practical approaches and methods for sizing a market?
How much easier is CBSE 12 than ICSE?
I am going to fail in my 12 board exams. How do I deal wIth it?
What are the best short time courses after HSC (science)?
Do classes begin at Christ University immediately after orientation?
Can I get admission in Amity BBA?
Do students from Amity Lucknow have to go to their other branches for placements?
Don’t our politicians and administrators have that much guts to send their children to government schools?
How should I study and what study technique should I use to improve all of my grades in high school?
What are the competitive exams that I can give in class 11th?
Can you gain a well rounded education surfing and reading the web?
How is Amity university Noida for studying B pharm?
What is Gordon Miller's educational qualification?
How do I get admission in na engineering college after getting bad marks in class 12?
What is CBSE correspondence?
What are the best reference books in class 11 science stream?
Is it true that Maharashtra HSC results are releasing tomorrow (25/05/2017)? And how are you feeling?
What whould you do if a student didn't want to go home?
How do I download simplified physics class 9th by Dinesh & Co. for free?
Can a school prevent a student from taking an AP course?
How do people decide which college to attend?
How can I grasp concepts fast and get good grades in high school?
What are the physical and email addresses of the director of Amity University in Noida?
Should I submit fees first and then get an educational loan?
Are there cliques in your high school?
How good of grades do I need for grad school in math or physics?
How should I study in the 7th class in order to clear the JEE?
How can I motivate myself to study in university?
Is it possible to clear the full syllabus of the CBSE class 11th and 12th in just 6 months?
What is meant by self-education?
How will the moderation policy of the CBSE 2017 help a good and hard working student?
Why don't young people like watching the educational programs today?
How much does American education cost per person?
Does board percentage matter in AIIMS?
Do you feel that this high school year has been going by quickly or slowly?
Is gender-segregated education better than coeducation?
Can one do maths in 3 months in class 12 if one hasn’t touched the maths book yet?
Do you attend school in Manhasset, New York?
What all gets included in determining the moderation of marks? Is it all about passing or something else?
How can I prepare for the resonance CTs so I can score good marks and get into the A1 batch?
Have I lost my chance of getting an A grade on my English paper?
What subject should I choose after 10th for banking?
What suggestions will you give to schools to develop their potentials?
Is it okay to not be in an elite school in Singapore?
How do I prepare for NEET in class 12th?
How do I use flash cards for maths to understand concepts or should I try to self explain it to myself in high school?
Why is it elitist in Singapore for those with a higher (or more prestigious) educational attainment to disparage those without?
What are the books recommended to crack AIIMS other than NCERT and Allen modules?
When will the IIM IPMAT 2017 result be declared?
Will the TN syllabus change affect the NEET in 2018?
What's the American grading system like?
How much is the counselling fees at Manipal institute of technology?
What are some valuable important points for solving case studies of business studies for class 12th CBSE?
How was your high school experience? Can you tell me your high school experience?
What are the career options after 12th class PCMB in science?
How do I manage my time for 12th board CBSE as well as for SAT and IELTS?
Which syllabus is best iCSE, CBSE, or state for NEET?
I want to study biology of aging. What should I study for Bachelor?
Do any college of AIIMS provide BHMS?
What is the minimum percentage in the Maharastra board in 2018 to be in the top 20th percentile?
Should I go to LPU? Is the education and placement good there?
How is IIEST Shibpur as an institute of engineering?
Where can I download RD Sharma for class 12 as a PDF for free?
Is the reservation policy in the education sector helpful for the development of the country?
What is the education qualification needed to apply for the Dell Company?
How do prestigious educational institutes in India show the relation between student's socioeconomic background and their selection in institution?
How useful is a Udemy online business course in the UK?
Can I apply for admission to DU after class 12? I am currently in class 10.
What is more important: knowledge or effort?
When will the 12th HSC 2017 results be out?
Can I crack the NTSE exam by studying the state board book and finding information on the internet?
What do I need to do for architecture after 10?
What is the best course to take when you have scored 60% in 12th?
How do I free download Simplified Physics 9th Class by Dinesh & co.?
Does NIFT centre really matter?
How many marks are required for CPT?
When will the CBSE 12 2017 result be out?
What is the current problem of CBSE with not publishing 12th results 2017?
What are the online DELE preparation courses available for less than 200 euros?
What is the best stream in WBUT?
What is the new date of CBSE class 12 result 2017? Has any information regarding that issued by the board?
What is a D.El.Ed course, and what are some private colleges?
Which is the best job immediately after 12th commerce in India?
Should I summarise the chapters from my book to study and get better grades in high school?
What is the group​ code for CBSE 12th?
How do I ask my former teachers if they have any students I can tutor over the summer?
What was the reaction of your parents after your 12th class results? How did you tackle your relatives?
Is 3.3 a good GPA for the first semester of the first year with 10 credits, and do schools like Harvard, Princeton, etc., consider the grades of the first year?
Does your class 12 percentage matter in MBA placements? I got 72% in both class 12 and college, and 88% in class 10. Will I have issues with getting shortlisted for summer internships?
What were Vaibhav Tulsyan’s first year marks? We have the SGPA system now, so is 8.84 good?
Which is the best book for the learning basics of programming? I have just completed C++ up to the class 12 level for the CBSE boards?
Are maths or CMS compulsory for the commerce stream?
Who's the worst/best teacher you had in high school?
How do I prepare for CAT after taking 11th Commerce?
Why should one study banking?
Are there any fine art Indian students on Quora? Can anyone share some effective and economical ways to pursue fine arts in Delhi?
Which institute in India is best for mass communications after 12th?
What were your biggest learning while learning from and exploring the concept of spirituality with your teachers?
How difficult will it be for a student to score 85%-95%, after the changed policy of providing grace marks?
Can one repeat class 11 and 12 while simultaneously doing BA with it?
Are there any competitive math exams that a first year engineering student can take?
Is the ICSE 2019 syllabus changing?
How do I become a CBI officer after 12?
Which are the best books for accountancy class 12?
How can I get a 10 CGPA in 10 class?
Is it okay for a teacher to shove me in the head?
Where does one write the AP exam?
What are examples of core teaching strategies?
Will CBSE moderation grant equal grace marks in subjects like chem, bio as it does in maths? (Like in maths people getting 77 can be spiked to 93)
Is history a tough subject after 10th?
What are the interesting topics in commerce class 11?
What is a good reference book for 11th CBSE?
What are the actual rights guaranteed to a US high school student?
What is   \text{ }555 times 1414\frac{1}{4}?
What is it like to go to school in New York?
Will the ICSE 2017 results be declared by May 31st?
What is the reason behind Roman Saini's decision to give away free education in place of free medical treatment?
How can I prepare to succeed in 9th grade?
Where should I study from for the CIMA professional gateway exam? Is the institute's study material sufficient?
In state board, is English core elective or functional?
Have you ever experienced failure as an elementary school classroom teacher? What did you learn from it?
Are the cutoffs of DU for the overall percentage of students or for a particular subject?
How does the public school system work in Mozambique?
Why do we still make a big deal out of high school graduation?
Why is school mandatory in the U.S.?
What is AP intermediate?
Where can you study for free in Canada and pay after graduating?
Is question number 10 of the JEE Advanced 2017 Paper 1 similar to one of the physics questions asked in the WBJEE 2014 exam?
How do I decline a call on WhatsApp?
What should one do a day before of 10 class result?
Do you guys think that education can abolish terrorism?
Is the Caribbean Advanced Proficiency Examinations eligible for direct entry into an undergraduate degree course in Germany?
In which subject can we get moderation in CBSE class 12 2017 examination?
How do I become a drawing teacher?
How many students pass out in SRM Business School?
What is the state of language education like in Serbia?
Are bikes allowed at Manipal Institute of Technology?
Where can I get best tuitions for arts subjects in Kolkata?
Does Nalanda University in Bihar still have good education?
Do you have any idea on product concepts for education?
What was the NTSE syllabus in Karnataka 2016?
How many students passes IMUCET every year?
Why do schools need music programs?
What should I learn after passing high school to get admission into MIT?
What course should I choose after 12 biology to joining in NASA?
How many days does the FIITJEE take to allot new batches to the students after the reshuffling test?
What is the cost of home schooling and how is it carried out?
Who is a school teacher?
How do I become a great student again, get good grades in high school and stop being a procrastinator?
Where can I find free online courses in quantum physics and Italian language with (free or not) certificate?
How can I score the max grades in exams on lessons that are hard to study?
What's a good way to remember study designs?
Is it worth spending money on IT-related higher education in a foreign university for an Indian now?
How can I cope with leaving teachers?
Do I need to study 11th and 12th mathematics for GATE?
How do I secure 95%+ in 10th boards exam in CBSE? I am an average student scored 10th CGPA in my 9th. What are the ways throgh which I can prepare?
Do you think a CFA will provide better investment advice, or is their advice no better than that provided with no education?
What will be the best university choice for me?
When will the 12th CBSE results be announced?
Should schools teach people how to allow their views to be challenged?
What are your thoughts about moderation on class 12 marks?
If a person gets 70% marks, up to what extent can his marks be increased by moderation? Is it possible that he can get an 80 plus?
Is there any free hacking courses available (standard courses)?
As a high school student who's passionate about AI, how can I start learning it?
What percentage of the time do you actually pay attention in a class?
Do middle school teachers have a right to give the student a hard time in a classroom if they struggle to learn?
Who can earn more as an RBI grade B?
Will the CBSE give grace marks in the exam for class 12 chem 2017?
Which sites are useful to study for UGC NET?
Should I get grace marks if I’m getting 80 marks in any subject?
How should the education system work?
Do we have to learn the AIIMS password for an exam or will it be provided?
What are the flaws of the current education system?
If everyone with 10 CGPA is 95 % then how do you rank students in 10th CBSE exam?
Do guys prefer dating girls that have a higher education than themselves as much as girls prefer dating someone that has a higher education than theirs?
What are the prerequisites to start a primary school and how does one get CBSE affiliation?
What should be the study plan for the RBI Grade B officer exam in 2018?
When will the ISC board results come out for 2017?
When will the Maharashtra HSC 2017 results be declared?
What is the best course to take when you have get 60% in 12th (science)?
How can we teach innovation?
Is archaeology a science or arts subject?
What is an easy way of teaching maths to primary school kids?
What's the best way to balance 7 hours of school, 3 hours of homework, sports, and video games?
Should you change schools if you feel your school is not good enough for you?
Which is the best dummy school based on CBSE in Jabalpur?
Can someone get into a good college affiliated with Delhi University with a 90% in board exams?
Which subject would be better for doing graduation economics or statistics if I am interested in doing higher education and my maths is pretty good?
What is the best novel for a school student?
How many are frustrated with CBSE's behavior?
Why isn't European history a part of Indian education system?
As of yesterday, Delhi HC asked CBSE not to scrap the moderation policy. To what extent can marks be given for PCM subjects?
What is the best way to study year-round for a junior taking multiple AP classes, and in a way that can spare time for excessive homework?
Can you teach yourself to be more witty?
Can I get admission in any college for a BSc with 12% in 12th class?
Why are NCERT books preferred for higher classes?
Is the topic "determination of contents of cold drinks" good for my class 12 investigatory project?
What would you do better to improve the high school experience?
What study method should I use to be efficient, not spend as much time studying and get better grades in high school?
How do I study in 1st year engineering?
What is the best advice about Finance to give to a new high school graduate?
What habits or strategies can a BME student develop to help with getting good grades?
What is the impact of CBSE delaying exam results on students getting admission in TN colleges via counselling?
What apps are helpful for students?
Is 82% a bad score on the CBSE Class 12 if I plan on doing a CPL?
What best place for studying painting and cinema?
Is there any difference in VMC premium correspondence if one applies online for the course?
When taking notes to study in high school, should I just take them once and read them, or should I take notes everytime I read to study?
When are the 2017 Maharashtra state Board 12th results going to be released?
How are grace marks alloted to the students of CBSE after the HC order?
How can I become a workaholic and studyaholic and get better grades in high school?
How do I find members to form a band in high school when I don't know anyone?
What is a good idea for a school commercial project (grade 8)?
Are there any opportunities other than treating patients after completing PG studies in medicine?
How will CBSE give marks now after the High Court's decision regarding the marks moderation policy?
What percentage of high school students read the assigned texts?
Can I get my mark sheet number when the CBSE results are released?
How much scholarship does an ST student get in AIIMS?
Why is it required for a student to learn stuff in school for long years which has no application in reality?
Do you think that going to college to be a doctor is really worth all the training and years that it actually takes to become one?
What is being a student at Dreyfoos School of the Arts like?
When should I take the SAT exam?
Should I take language classes until full literacy or professional reading/writing?
How do I to get my dual enrollment teachers to write me glowing letters of recommendations for Ivies and similar college applications?
What was the lowest score last year to get into AIIMS Delhi?
Should I study by taking notes from my textbook and then trying to teach someone through those notes to get better grades in high school?
How can technology enhance learning?
Can you grow high grade marijuana from low grade seeds?
What type of education system, curriculum, pedagogy, and possibilities would you like to have?
How many grace marks are in KCET 2017?
Who will conduct the NEET 2018, the CBSE or any other committee?
What are you taking for your GCSE?
How difficult is getting good marks in GATE exam?
What is your opinion about school life?
What are the maximum marks that can be obtained in RRB NPTC?
Should Mathematics in secondary schools be compulsory?
Which marks will be added in class 12th if we can take improvement exams in class 12th?
Is there any course in BSC related to CNC course?
Which programme and in which college/varsity should I pursue after class 12 which offers me a wide variety of subjects to learn?
What is the meaning of sequence number and class in flight boarding pass?
Is there really any point of going to college, when there's so much more easily accessible information on the internet?
Is ordinary education more important than skill?
Is a 5 year integrated engineering course a better one?
What is the difference between junior college and higher secondary school?
What would you like to say to a 12th class student whose result is to be declared tomorrow?
What was your percentage in class 11 as a PCM student?
Are there any people on Quora who are pro school choice and well versed in the topic?
How can I score a 98% in commerce on the CBSE Class 12 exam with math?
Does Amity University provide 50% scholarships on the basis of 12th results?
What are the tricks to get the highest marks in English subject in my approaching +2 class?
Will we get moderation marks in the CBSE maths board exam in 2017?
How will CBSE implement moderation policy again if paper has been already checked?
What are the benefits of an environmental education program?
Can I turn from science stream to commerce stream after passing 12th?
In what college would I get direct admission into a B.Tech with 61.5% in 12th class?
What are the current teaching methodologies in geography?
What will happen to class 12 students after the Delhi HC decision, and how will the CBSE moderate by delaying results?
Do you think more needs to be done in your country to make sure that school kids and working people are able to enjoy their weekend?
Can somebody suggest colleges that offer courses in archeology?
Can I become a CA after completing class 12 in computer science?
Will the ICSE also take back its “no moderation” policy after the decision of the high court?
Can I get exemption on a law paper if I get marks above 60 in law and zero marks in the rest of my three papers, i.e. accounts, SFM and audit?
Will doing boarding in Kota be better for class 11 and further for IIT?
What is the difference between biotechnology and biomedical engineering? How do I opt these after class 12? I am a PCM student.
Is it the school's fault that students cheat?
When are the 10th class standard results expected?
Do 10th grade marks really matter in life?
What is cram school?
What are options for a career after 12th for a medical student?
Who was your craziest / most interesting teacher?
What is the difference between grace marks and the spiking of marks? This is the decision taken by the HRD Minister for CBSE 2017.
What sort of education do most Google employees get?
How do you know when you study hard?
What are the optional and compulsary subjects in 11th CBSE with PCB?
Why is CBSE creating so much confusion? Will grace marks and moderation policy continue or not?
My score in Allen CBT for AIIMS 2017 is 100. Will I be able to score more in actual exams?
Do Palestinians really teach their kids in schools to hate Israelis?
Is there any pre-closure charge for an education loan in IOB in India?
Which course should I choose after 12 non-medical to get a job in America?
What is \text{ }[math]5[/math] times [math]\frac{1}{4}[/math]?
What are all the common government exams that a UG can attend?
Which maths concepts book is best for IIT levels?
Which college is best for the 11th?
How does one become an ethical hacker after class 12?
How do I get good marks in class 10 board examination 2018?
What is the feedback on Antwerp Management School in Belgium?
As one who’s gone to virtual school and is going into a public high school next year, what are some of the things that I should expect?
Should I take IT or CCE at Manipal if I have a problem with rote learning?
How do I encourage a surly teenager to study for importantly exams?
How can I become a learning machine as a teenager in high school and what study method should I use to accomplish this?
Do middle schools teach "state history" like Texas has "Texas history" in sixth grade?
How do I identify academically weak students?
I am working in Service Desk. I like to complete a course in Citrix. What is the best course that I can opt for?
What are the differences between a fitness trainer certificate and diploma? Would I be able to get hired if I enroll in a recognized school/class?
In ICSE, are the marks obtained in written exams or internal assessments in class 9 added to class 10 marks?
What does "Study the historian before you begin to study the facts" mean?
What was the pattern of marks for class 10 students?
What are the overall benefits and disadvantages of studying Further Mathematics (Pure Math, Statistics and Mechanics) in Cambridge A Levels?
This year, the BHU BSc Biology paper was tougher than the previous year as many students said. Is this true?
Is management easy for those who have studied 11-12 std. in science?
How can I score in the FSC exams?
Who are the Maharashtra Board HSC Toppers?
Is Loyola College coed for the BBA?
Is the syllabus of class 11 changing next year?
How is biotechnology at Amity Mumbai?
What is the selection process of the Mentor Graphics Higher Education Program?
Can I be a good student in maths in 3 months?
Which is the best creative writing course for distance education?
How important was painting to you when you were at primary school? Why?
Is standardized testing good for children?
What will happen if I am absent for sixth subject (PE) in CBSE 12 Boards 2017?
If I finish all certificates on freeCodeCamp, how long will I have to wait to start working on a nonprofit project?
Can one get 100 marks in social studies, in Haryana secondary examination?
Can I get admission in MBBS after passing the NIOS?
How do I improve my English marks in the ISC?
If I have less time what would be more helpful, solving questions or only studying the chapters for AIIMS?
Where can I do debate/public speaking outside of school in Singapore?
What are the best individual online courses for high school students?
Is there any entrance exam for pilot after class 12?
Are non-maths students allowed in the Goenka College of Commerce?
Is reading my textbook and trying to recite the information I just read an effective way to get better grades in high school?
Was the CBSE moderation policy really scrapped or not?
What are some cool applications of computer vision in education (traditional classrooms, MOOCs, etc.)?
How do I place in a diploma college and what is the procedure to get into that?
In MBBS study, we have to revise many times but I don't like to revise. How do I make it a daily habit?
Class 11 started and its summer vacation. I am not willing to study, so what should I do?
Do American children still learn cursive these days?
How will I get to know my Class X CBSE result without the roll number or any other details, I only have the CBSE Affiliation number?
What are the best university to study biotechnology in the world?
Should I start using mind maps to study and get better grades in high school?
Which stream in the 11th standard will offer the best career option in the coming future?
How was ICSE 2017 papers?
What is taught in the Electronics and Electrical Communication branch at IIT KGP?
Should I answer practice questions while checking my book to study and get better grades in high school?
Does education make you a better person?
Are Muslim students treated well in public Catholic high schools in Ontario, Canada?
Is it true that the Gujrat board are going to adopt the CBSE board?
What is the present status of those schools in Delhi which interview the child's parents to award admission to nursery or primary education to the child?
Why can't I do well in school?
Which are the best places to do my undergraduate?
What are some good ways to use data analytics in education?
One of my teachers purposely said and taught the entire class something wrong. What should I do?
What's that one advice you'll give to a person who has just finished his graduation?
How can I appear for improvements of 12th PCM percentage?
What are good non-STEM summer opportunities for high schoolers?
Why do people against school choice argue that public schools will lose funds when that is exactly the point?
How do you like school absence penalty notice?
Does 0.9¯0.9¯0.\bar9 equal 111?
What type of interaction happens between juniors and seniors at AIIMS Delhi?
How's the situation of employment for students who graduated from Sheridan College? My subject is computer animation.
How do I get urgent duplicate 10th passing certificate in Rajasthan board?
What if I do not get a good college after 12th?
Is it okay have a break for preparation for the NEET and AIIMS?
What is the best high school in Arlington, TX?
What are some tips for making a resume in high school?
How do I prepare for 9th grade? I want to be the top of my class and to know a lot.
Is there an agent who helps with school admissions in Chennai?
Can anyone provide me with a PDF file of O.P. Tandon Chemistry class 11?
Does the language or writing system that people in your country use online differ from the one taught in schools? If so, why?
When reading and studying, should I read aloud or read silently for me to get better grades in high school?
Have you ever had teachers who call their students "Mr." and "Miss"? And if you're a teacher, do you do so yourself?
What surprised you most about American high school culture?
How many of you are in support of or in against of CBSE's moderation policy?
When reading to get better grades in high school, should I read everything or just skim fastly through everything and slow down on important parts?
When studying and trying to teach someone else to get better grades in high school, should I teach the entire chapter or only the main points?
How can I become my own professor and learn high school material alone? What study method should I use?
Can I get admission in Amity university mechanical engineering on the basis of class 12th result rather than on the score of Amity-JEE?
What do you think about the school system where you live?
When will the ISC declare it's 12th results?
What is the easy way to get good marks in 11 CBSE?
If you could only pick 7 school subjects from elementary to senior high, what are they?
What aspect of education is missing in people that lack critical analysis and have shallow reasoning?
Is CBSE really going to declare the 12 board results tomorrow?
Can a Nepali student compute for JEE after class 10?
Do you have to create a study timetable to study effectively? What are good alternatives?
Why are the CBSE and HRD playing dirty politics over the class 12 results? At the end of the day, the students suffer due to the policy lapses.
What is a good book to study string theory at a level higher than Zwiebach's that is appropriate for an advanced undergraduate physics student?
What are the homeschooling prices?
What was the attitude that you approached subjects with during your preparation? Was it with an intent to learn, or to somehow finish the concept?
What is the syllabus for the CLAT that I should study from 11th standard as I have chosen PCB with maths as an option?
What are the best sites to learn something new?
What's some good advice for a teacher switching to first grade after 15 years of teaching fifth grade?
Does IIM consider the best of four for ISC students or the average of all the subjects?
Is there an exam to get a seat in the IIA, after 12?
How was the accounts paper?
What should a weak science girl student who is also economically weak do after class 12th?
Which education is best and why, mindfulness learning in the West vs rote learning and drilling in the Middle East and Asia?
What is the best education after 2nd PUC in commerce?
Which NCERT books are really important for CSE? 6 to 12th, or only 11th & 12th standard?
Do we have to save each and every question while giving the AIIMS paper?
Can I give bank exams after passing 12th std.?
Can a top 50 rank in AIIMS be achieved in 1 year?
Should I take MGM Indore or drop a year to try for AIIMS Delhi?
What is CBSE moderation policy?
Is India's bilingual education system halting some brilliant students' progress in research and other wings of education?
What is the best way to study anatomy for a curriculum in medicine?
Will colleges care if I don't take honors English or AP English lang/lit?
When reading to study for high school, should I read the entire chapter or only the summary at the end of it to improve my grades?
Is it hard to study a degree in Business Management? What jobs can you get out of it?
Should a CA student opt for maths in 11th and 12th or its fine?
What is the ranking of the ECTEL (enhanced learning) conference?
What is it like to attend a forest kindergarten?
Is it possible to get 100 percent marks in music in 10+2 after opting it just from 10+1?
What states take track and field seriously for high school?
Seeing the age and time, should teachers become more interactive and intuitive using technology or apps for education in school?
Is there any 11th group related to a B.A. in literature in Ambattur?
How should I use the method of "teaching others" to get better grades in high school?
Students nowadays complain that teachers don't teach well. Is that so, or are these just some excuses by them? If it is so, then how can we improve this?
I​ got 50% in the class 12 (commerce) examination. Can I take the CA-CPT exam?
Can I homeschool my children in Morocco?
On what basis of answering in paper in class 12 CBSE a student get passed?
Can a student who failed in the 12th (HSC), have the re-exam for the 12th arts stream online?
How often do high school students not get REM sleep?
Can a supplementary student take the MBBS entrance exam?
Will the ISC marking scheme be affected by the moderation policy?
I have graduated from school with PCMB (ISC Board). What should I pursue for MBA, BSc, BBA or BBM? What will be more beneficial?
What are the best books for JEE aspirants in class 11?
Which is the best course after 12th to make a good career?
Where can I take online ECE classes in San Mateo?
What is a good approach to study economics for UPSC?
How much should I score to get a seat in AIIMS?
Which are the best courses to take up in engineering?
Will CBSE only give grace marks this year?
If I am graduating from school in Bhopal, can I get into any good colleges abroad?
It's the end of May. When will our ISC results be declared?
Can I get good marks for writing a 2 page answer for an 18 marks question at DU, if I am a student of humanities and political science?
How can I get ahead of studies using online methods as an international high school student?
What do you think about online classes on Coursera, books and education in the overall finance area?
Isn't it unfair for a CBSE improvement exam student if he is allotted the same room at an exam centre where he sits together with a compartment exam student?
What are some suggestions for ISC English in 2019?
What needs to be done to reduce the taboo towards contraceptives?
What is Lycos computer education?
Should I go for BMS or baf after 12?
If you were to compare a Turkish university degree to an Estonian university degree, what would you say? Which is more prestigious?
What sectors should I choose after doing biology in class 12?
Why should I opt for BBA?
Is tommorow CBSE 12th results? What is the timing and website to check result?
Is there any dummy school in Ghaziabad?
What degree do we get after completing class 10?
What is an easy subject for graduation?
Should I study by acting like I am teaching others to get better grades in high school to get better grades?
Is Lubbock High School haunted?
What happens if you're sick and miss high school finals?
Can someone be proficient in Newtonian level physics without higher education?
What jobs can make me rich without too much education?
In which subject will CBSE provide grace marks now after the high court orders?
Can schools in Utah legally force kids to come back on the grounds?
Should I study using flash cards or by reading and doing active recall to get better grades in high school?
What are some of the best undergraduate schools for chemistry?
What can a British school expel you for?
Will government colleges consider improvement mark sheets?
How do you put down an annoying/mischievous student in class?
How did you get an AIR of 10 in AIIMS Main?
What are the accurate answers of Math ICSE 2017?
Will my 10th CBSE marks help my 12th CBSE marks?
What is the difference between moderation and grace marks in CBSE?
What is effect of the marks moderation policy on individually-scored marks in the CBSE board exams?
What was it like to study at UF? What were your experiences, professors, classes, people, etc.?
What will the CBSE do now as Delhi’s High Court has directed the CBSE to continue with its grace marks policy?
What do you think will CBSE revaluate papers after court order?
How good is Cork Institute of Technology?
How is the ACPC rank calculated for CBSE Board students?
Is maintaining the same GPA throughout high school difficult?
What was your strategy for history optional, and how did you score good marks in it?
What career options do I get in science stream if I go ahead with it and from which subjects?
If someone gets chance into any other AIIMS except Delhi and takes the admission then is it possible to change his decision to get into AIIMS Delhi?
What language do you take at school?
Which one is best for an MBA: Amity Business Noida or Galgotias University Noida?
Before jumping into HC Verma, should I use another book for class 11?
Should I listen to music while studying in high school to get better grades?
Should I take notes from books in high school and study by them or should I just read the book and study without taking notes to get better grades?
What is the most frustrating thing about going to high school to you?
How should I prepare for ICSE class 10th?
When will the online admissions start for a 12th science student in suburban Mumbai?
How do I make a team table for one year if I want to prepare for the AIIMS 2018?
In what way(s) Chinese education system is better than Indian edu. system? How can we rectify our shortcomings?
What are teaching methods or methodologies of teaching?
Is the 11th State Board bio-maths group hard enough?
Where can I find the 2016 AIIMS question papers if they’re available in any book (offline)?
What is the evaluation system in Japan?
What is the meaning of the Marks Moderation Policy?
How can I become good in math?
Shouldn't economics be taught in high school as a required course?
What can 12th pass students interested in physics and astronomy do before they join their college (in my case IIT or IISC)?
Should I study by reading and trying to lecture on what I am reading or by using flash cards and Quizlet to get better grades in high school?
Is it wise to take science and do bio technology after 10th along with hotel management and also a few courses of makeup artistry?
What are the good ways to get an experienced developer to teach you some skills?
Can I be accepted to French university after not being in school for 4 years? I graduated from a prestigious private school in the USA.
What are some major struggling student groups that are often overlooked and what might be some ways to help them?
Will ISC also continue with the moderation policy for year 2017?
How many hours does it take to study physics, chemistry, and mathematics equally?
Is the university life really more fun than high school?
If CBSE follows the HC order, will CISCE follow the same, or are ISC students at a disadvantage?
Is it fine to play PC games as study breaks when you're studying 10-12 hours each day for the NEET?
Who is the best chemistry teacher for class 11 ISC in Kolkata?
What is a great way help your grand children learn with you?
Is conventional mathematics methods that are taught in schools are justified?
What are requirements to be a teacher for class 12?
What is the latest NAAC ranking of humanities colleges? What are all the A grade colleges in India?
Could we pay for UK further education with an extra 1% tax on everyone who has a degree?
What kinds of alternative schools do you think deserve support with tax money and what are the advantages of those schools?
Why do people love to show off their degree on Quora?
Is PCMB combination needed for NEET?
Does any IT company directly recruit freshers having 90% and above in their senior secondary (ICSE), higher secondary and engineering undergraduate?
Will high school AP Prob/Stats and Calculus be too confusing to take a test the same time?
What is the best degree course?
What are some important chapters for the JIPMER exam?
Is it true that those who score well in college will also score well in competitive programming?
What is it like to adopt a preteen, who is 11 to 12?
What is the best advice that you can give to anyone in high school?
What is it like to be a student of Vidhyaa Vikas for 10th or 12th Standard?
How is the art stream for future career?
What is the downside of regularising private schools in India?
How do I prepare for the CLAT after standard 10?
How many classes are held in a week in Concept Educations, Guwahati for a foundation 2 year course (engineering)?
Is it a good idea to move to the US with teenage kids (10th grade and 6th grade)?
Is Kalyani Central Model School a dummy school?
Can we get an education loan in third year as well with 3 backs?
Can I become a software engineer if I choose PCB and Information Practices in class 11?
In importance sampling, what is the difference between [math] p(x) [/math] and [math] q(x) [/math]?
What are the advantages of technology in education?
How can I get good marks in 12th biology-maths group to get a medical seat in AIIMS or JIPMER?
What is the percentage in 12 boards required for an OBC candidate to sit for the IIT exam?
Which school is the best in Nashik with 11th and 12th std. [state board]?
Can studying by reciting/trying to teach others a chapter and trying to link it with something else help me get better grades in high school?
Which subjects should one choose in standard 11 commerce?
Which course is better at Polytechnic?
Should I take long term coaching for AIIMS Delhi 2018?
What is the schedule for students of different semesters in IISERK throughout the week? Are there classes on Saturday too?
How would you fix the American school system?
What are the IT skills needed for human resources? Is there any online free course available?
Do I stand a chance of doing a PhD from outside India? I have scored only 83.8% in class X, 59.4% in class XII & 60.25% in a BSc (1st class in botany).
Is it okay to avoid the ranking system in the public examinations?
I am in tenth class now. What is the secret to being good at math?
How many marks are increased in the moderation policy of the CBSE?
What grace marks are given in the CBSE board exams in 2017?
How can I solve [math]x+\cos(x)=a[/math] for [math]x[/math]? Is it possible at all?
Are your schools informed about Islam?
How does education help people?
How is the education system in Finland?
How should one face their ''relatives'' when one was unable to score even fair marks in 2 consecutive important exams?
If 4n+2n=24n+2n=24^n+2^n=2, what’s nnn?
When will the class 11 session start in 2017?
How can you break math?
Can I qualify for Vocational rehabilitation, if I already have a college degree? If so, which benefits can I qualify for?
Is the high school diploma itself important?
Can I do a BBA after 12th computer science (without accounts)?
What are the options available, other than MBBS, if I have taken pure science with computer in class 11 and 12 CBSE?
What are the greatest obstacles for diversity in higher education?
I have an irregular IB diploma without any sciences and I want to major in business. Does this affect my admissions anywhere?
Can I repeat 12th from CBSE to MP boards and change stream too?
What are some of the things that you did as part of the house system at your high school?
What is educational equality?
Are the B.Sc microbiology courses good in Amity University, Noida and Jaipur?
What is your advice regarding Personal Financial Security to teenagers just out of high school?
How do I get a government job easily after 12th science?
What are the technological trends in education?
Would it be difficult to give a chatbot personality traits based on a system like astrology, with 12 timers with different periods, and 12 values each?
What was your class 12 percentage, and has it helped you in any way?
What should I prefer to choose after completing my 12th bio-maths group?
Is an MBA good for BIPC students?
How can one do higher studies abroad?
The Delhi HC directed the CBSE to continue with the moderation policy this year. The ISC hasn't announced anything. Will the ISC keep moderation this year, too?
How difficult was PESSAT 2017?
What could the top percentile be of the Maharashtra state board 12th results?
Are you out at school? If so, what is it like? If not, why, and would you like to be?
What is a good high school resume maker?
Is there any reason to be for Betsy DeVos and her education plan? It's hard to find unbiased facts.
If I have gotten 105% and 107% on two Science tests, will they balance out my 95% and 99% and result in me passing the class with full marks?
Are grace marks helpful to every student?
Did anyone fail in the 12th board?
What is the difference between. Giving grace marks and not spiking marks in CBSE? I am really very confused.
Who serves his country more, a doctor or a teacher?
What should I say to my autistic male high school teacher?
What classes does a South Korean high school student need to study?
How can I make my timetable in 11th STD for 10 days?
What happens if you leave a child at school?
After completing class 12, what is the highest post in the police that I can get?
How can I get a new marksheet of the UP board in high school?
Can I get an education loan at 40 lakhs and without any collateral security for abroad undergraduate studies?
Is Terrence Tao's method for teaching analysis effective?
What are career option in mathematics after class 12?
When will the ISC result 2017 be out?
Should I commit to Architecture (UG) at Newcastle University or Financial Economics (UG) at the University of Kent?
How do I study organic chemistry with coaching?
Should I pursue psychology from Amity University Gurgaon?
Can students learn database management straightaway after their graduation from school?
How much will you pay for a tutor?
What are best basic/recommended books for maths for 12th PCM students?
Which schools in Chennai gives seats for 80% for +1?
What should I do after my 10 ICSE apart from preparing for SAT?
What are the chances for ISC students in Tamilnadu?
Why do teachers that classes you failed, hate you? My math teacher despises me and I do not even have her as a teacher anymore.
What are some effective tips you could give for Physics and Math HL?
What should one do after the final year results have been declared for an undergraduate of the School of Open Learning? My results were declared in November 2016.
Can a student study the 11th class science stream on his own, without going for any classes?
How are Amity University Noida AC hostel rooms?
Will NEET 2017 be reconducted due to the difficulty level of the papers being different?
Educators: What are some simple changes you have seen or experienced at your school district that had a major impact on student outcomes?
How do I prepare for RMO in class 10?
Is it necesarry to study 5 or 6 hours to gain good marks in class 12?
Are vegans in the USA more likely to be educated?
What are your tips for getting motivated to do homework?
What is the alternative to "The Tempest" drama for ISC 2019?
Which acting school in Mumbai do you suggest joining?
I attend Aakash coaching classes and as a result I get only about 3 hours for studying. Is NCERT syllabus enough for securing a seat in SRM/NIT?
How can I score the max grades on exams on lessons that are hard do study?
How can I pass my California C-10 exam?
What are some good schools offering A levels in Pune?
How is the geospatial technology course at Manipal?
How did Mark Zuckerberg become successful without college education?
Are there any correlations between the NEET and AIIMS marks?
What's the best study method for high school that is effective and that doesn’t involve lots of reading?
Should I study in high school to get better grades by trying to lecture the material to someone else or should I create questions and answer them?
Which is the best reference book for 9th for every subject?
Is 60.10 a good score in NIFT?
Why did you take a gap before college?
What is the last mark of an SC candidate who got into AIIMS for an MBBS in 2016?
Which topic is the best for demo class 11?
Can I write GATE after completing 12th?
So when is the final date for CBSE 12th board results?
Is BBA or civil better?
How can I get into climate change research after 12th class?
What is it like to study in MGIMO?
What is the confirmed date of the result of Maharashtra HSC Board 2017?
What's your take on experiential education? How do you think travel experiences can transform learning for kids?
Do questions get repeated in AIIMS?
Do you enjoy school?
What study method should I use in high school to study to get better grades and understand the material?
Which is the best maths book of class 8?
Should you teach methods/techniques/facts to people that you don't apply?
How should I use the studying method of teaching others to get better grades?
What is a BSMS course in India?
Is Vanasthali good for my daughter in class six?
Why did all of the faculty of Vibrant Academy leave?
Is there any famous university from the UK or the US that provides online leadership classes and certificates?
Would you please provide the SEBI grade A exam syllabus?
What is an intellectually rigorous degree I can take?
If a person wants to become an astrophysicist, which field should he study after 12th standard in India?
Will CBSE won't scrap moderation policy this year?
How did Charlemagne's support of education benefit his kingdom?
In the United States of America, do you have to go to your highschool graduation to get your diploma?
Which college can a student get if he scores 152 marks in the AKTU PCM entrance exam?
Is IGCSE the new name for O Levels?
From where can I get +1 ISC paper?
How does the content in biology differ for a person who does a BSc in bio and physics from a person who does a BSc only in biology?
Does Global Shiksha, Edurite, etc., really help children in education?
What is the best way to prepare for my chemistry 10th board exam (I'll give it in 2018)?
When will the result of class 10th 2016-17 batch come?
Do you need to remember everything at all times in Math to advance?
Did you ever have a student or classmate who was legitimately terrifying?
Will only students of Delhi benefit from the moderation policy?
Why did you decide to put your child in a forest kindergarten?
Who is a a teacher?
What is the criteria to get an admission to the UG medical college after 12th CBSE?
How was CBSE's syllabus before 2008?
How do you like High School compared to Middle School?
If a student scores less than 60% in class 12th then can they continue to study B.Tech at KIIT University?
There is no moderation this year for CBSE class 12. Only grace marks are being awarded. Won't it affect the Delhi students?
What is the most practical line of work with a 4-year degree in Translation and a TESOL Certification? Should I go back to school and practice?
Did you go to school late before?
Is Sophia College for Women good for my daughter for class 11th if she wants to take arts or humanities?
Why such policy is needed to compensate our evaluation of education?
Which units should 8th semester ECE VTU students study?
Can I make it to a decent engineering college in India without any interest in maths and science?
What subjects are to be chosen as electives during the VTU Electronics and Communication 7th Semester?
What should I do to study smart and get good grades rather than hard and getting bad grades?
I have a terrible math teacher, what resources can I use to help my grade?
What are the top 5 math topics high schoolers are scared of?
How does the high school where you go differ from your friends’ schools?
How does IB physics HL compare to AP physics and High school physics (USA)?
How can I understand maths, study it and get better grades in high school?
How can I learn (understand better) high school biology, chemistry, and math in 2 weeks?
What is the net worth of Study IQ Education owner Dr. Gaurav Garg, in crores if rupees?
Do students outside India refer to Indian books for math and science?
Is there any coaching after 10th for UPSC?
What are some suggestions for the last 10-15 days before the 2017 preliminary exams? How do I relax in order to deal with my anxiety and sleeplessness?
How can I focus in class and stop making stupid jokes during class?
What are the implications of the high court order on stopping CBSE from removing the marks moderation scheme this year?
Can I fill the improvement form of class 12 in 2017 without wasting my year?
What does aggregate marks in RBI grade B exam mean? Does it include all or only main subjects?
How do I get most out of online learning?
Can I take any B.Com course in DU if I am from a commerce without maths stream?
Is Make School a college? If not, what is it?
In importance sampling, what is the difference between p(x)p(x) p(x)  and q(x)q(x) q(x) ?
Will the CBSE follow the Delhi HC order of not scrapping the moderation policy this year?
Which university should I choose for a BBA course- LPU, UPES or Amity Business School?
What scholarships are available for a student wanting to study for an UG qualification abroad?
Who has a class in school that actually feels like prison?
What software can teaching assistants (PhD candidates or otherwise) use?
Can I decide that if I drop a year I will fully grab the basics of all subjects required for AIIMS Delhi 2018? I want to do MBBS from AIIMS Delhi only.
How do I know the syllabus and marks pattern of class 10?
What are some class 11 topics to study for NSEJS?
If came 15 minutes late to class, can a teacher refuse to teach me and leave 30 minutes early?
I attend Aakash coaching classes and as a result I get only 4 hours for studying. Is NCERT syllabus enough for securing a seat in VIT/SRM?
Is Arihant good for the 11th CBSE exam?
Is a moderation policy good or bad for a 12th CBSE student who can score around 75% on his own?
Which book has easy methods for class 12?
Why can I focus at school but not at home?
If 4^n+2^n=2, what’s [math]n[/math]?
How are German school children taught about WWII?
Is it good to take mechatronics at the bachelor’s level (for undergraduate study)? Or should we take it at the master’s level?
What course can be taken after finishing computer science group in 12th in CBSE?
Is it really tough for a second year dropper to crack AIIMS?
Would it be hard for a student from Kerala to make friends at Amity University, Noida?
When will the results for Ishan Uday 2016-2017 be declared?
What does a school/district director of technology do?
Why didn’t the CBSE decide to scrap the moderation policy before commencement of the 12th board session?
How do I concentrate on my education?
How important, would you say, going to college is?
What does it mean when someone learns better doing an online course rather than in a course taught by someone in person?
What can I learn from a high school chemistry course?
How can I absorb/learn the material while in class in high school?
Can anyone will share the complete study material for the CAT?
Why do I take too much time to study one topic? How can I study efficiently?
How good are Mechanical Academy’s classes?
What is the best YouTube channel to prepare for CBSE class 12 (PCM)?
As a primary teacher in the UK, will I be paid more if I have a Master's degree instead of a Bachelor's?
How I should manage time in my ICSE board examination?
Are the MTG Foundation course class 10 books enough for a math and science Olympiad?
What happened to you when you finished highschool?
Which course should take after 10 std if I was intrested in drawing?
If you were a paraprofessional that had to sit in a class with mentally impaired students every day, what would you do?
The NEET this year was easier than before. Can we expect AIIMS to be simple, too, so that we can be mentally prepared to score more than last year?
What should I know about being a freshman in high school? (I will be in 2 years, but still.) Is it initially rewarding, or always terrible?
When will the 12 CBSE results come out?
Should I go for the arts stream after class 12?
Can I get 90% in 12 after getting grace marks to 80%?
Are American business schools a lot better than British ones?
Is formal education the safest path to financial security?
How can I spend less time studying and get better grades in high school, or how can I study more efficiently?
Will CBSE pass the student in maths of class 10?
Do I need to take biology in class 12 if I wish to pursue a BPharm at ICT Mumbai?
Which is the best college for post graduation?
Should I study while watching TV as a teenager looking to get better grades?
Are 4 AS subjects (Biology, Chemistry, Maths, and English Language) sufficient to get into a university in the UK?
Is there any petition going on against CBSE's decision of scrapping it's moderation policy?
What should you do if you want to finish your university education but have no money, weak credit score, and poor grades from when you first attended?
Does [math]0.\bar9[/math] equal [math]1[/math]?
Is choosing UCMS, Delhi over AIIMS (other than Delhi) a wise decision?
If you were a teacher and you had to teach the high school version of yourself, what advice would you give her?
Can I get admission in any private college of greater Noida after passing out from NIOS?
Which subject stream should I take?
Is the reason high schools are called that because everyone gets high during this period in school?
How hard is it to teach coding?
Is it for sure that the CBSE class 12 results will be declared tomorrow?
Can I get a scholarship even if I had failing grades?
Which is the best career option after class 10? Which stream will provide me with more job opportunities?
Do I really need a teacher for learning math?
Is there a list of where I can get mock PRINCE2 Practitioner exam papers?
How do I file a case against CBSE to decrease the 75% criteria for NIT/IIT in 2017 as they will be giving less marks due to scrapping of moderation?
What are the best skills I should learn?
Can I crack the RBI Grade B exam in my 1st attempt?
What is the best effective way to study fast and for long retaining?
What will happen if CBSE moves to SC against moderation?
Is Amity University, Noida recognised by the Kerala bar council?
Do teachers teach Hindi and what is the medium of instructions in NLUs like NALSAR, NLUJ, NUJS, etc.? (I mean teaching, talking, speaking, etc.)
Is it possible to create a career in cricket after getting an education?
What options do I get if I choose art as a stream ahead?
What are the best books and sample papers for the class 12 boards exam to get above 90%?
Why can't American colleges allow direct entry to medical school at age 18 like the rest of the world? Wouldn't this be more cost-effective?
For which rank of EMCET does a BIPC student get free seats in any course?
Should I choose banking, maths, or secretarial practices in my class 11 commerce stream?
Is research possible after class 12?
How can I not give up from studying in high school and just get better grades?
How can I make my class 11 physics strong for medical entrance exams?
When will the CBSE class 12 results be published?
What can schools do for student’s intellectual development?
Where is the best education in the US or in Russia?
How is Sushila Birla Girls' School in Kolkota?
How much percentage in SSLC (Matric) is considered to be in first class?
Are you an ex-student from SM BATHA High School in Panchgani?
What are the minimum marks for AIIMS?
Will there be a board moderation policy in the academic year of 2018?
Is my 12 class percentage very important for my future career?
What's life like after high school?
Why aren't many young educated people in India leaning towards bettering their political scenario or not participating in it to bring out a change?
What online graduate school is cheaper for a doctoral course?
What advice would you give to a freshman in high school who is starting to become exposed to more and more of today's world?
Will the ISC board give grace marks now, after the HC order?
Will CISCE also declare results after moderation of marks like CBSE this year?
Is there any website that provides the proof of various math and physics formulas? I am currently in class 10th.
How do I study for the CBSE business studies paper for class 12?
As an RBI Grade B officer, do you get a chance to do public service, like in civil services?
Can you statistically prove that board results don't matter in India?
Has Amity ever accepted a student who failed 12th board?
How do I manage and study both the 12th public exam as well as the NEET exam?
What is the most difficult class you've ever taken?
Which stream you chose in 11th and what was your percentage in 9th and 10th?
How is the BBA course at Bennet University?
Do we have to pass out from class 10 first to appear for the ASAT Nurture course at ALLEN?
How can one do complex math problems in one's head?
How many exams will there be for class 11 in the CBSE 2017-18 academic session?
What type of maths is included in economics?
What should I do to stop talking in class, stop making friends, and just focus on learning in high school?
How can I get my 12th class marksheet after 2 years gap?
How will the modern no grace marks policy of the CBSE affect the students taking exams in 2018?
How will the Delhi high courts order for the moderation policy to be implemented now, when all class 12 CBSE papers have already been checked?
Which is the best course after 12 in medical, for good placements abroad?
What are some elite boarding secondary schools in the US and UK with decent to good swimming programs?
How do you cope with teachers insulting you?
Which one is better - BBA or 3 continent BBA from Amity Noida?
Is upgradation continuing this year (2016-2017) in class X?
What are the best books for Phase 2 of RBI B Grade Exam?
Does a premium B School tag really make a difference?
Where can I get NCERT 11th class books at a discounted price in Gurgaon?
As entreprenuership becomes more popular and education of entreprenuers becomes more widespread, do you think a well defined career path will emerge?
What is [math]\text{ }[/math][math]5[/math] times [math]\frac{1}{4}[/math]?
How should I study and what study method should I use to become like Einstein as a teenager?
What is the expected date for ICSE results for class 10?
How is Amity University Noida for fashion communication?
What are the global trends in education today?
How do I suggest a course for a weak student after intermediate?
What is the "one year graduation" of IGNOU? I'm a bachelor in science college dropout. Can I opt for this one-year course?
What are the best and worst things in an American high school (in terms of people and experience as opposed to work)?
What is the standard for the questions on the PGET in CSE at MAKAUT? And where can I find sample question papers for the same?
What are some interesting topics for my class 11 physics project?
Which subject is easy, and which is tough in BITS 2017?
How can I spend less time studying but learn more and study more efficiently and get better grades?
Do board marks matter for symbiosis?
Why is money more important than education?
How do I search for an anchor script for a school assembly?
Why is it considered disrespectful to not attend classes you do not want to go to?
How can I score 90 marks in MP board English class 12th?
When is the Bihar Board 12th Science result likely to be declared?
What things are taught in ECE and what practical things will I be able to make after the course?
How many of you have been a victim of loneliness in high school and college?
Is a 276 score in NWEA Mathematics good for a 7th grader?
Should I take computer science or biology in 11 for science?
On what aspects is education in foreign schools better than Indian schools?
Do other ethnic minority groups get jealous over Jewish and East Asian immigrants because of their wealth and education status?
How do I find the best study material for CLAT on the internet?
What should I do? I am a 12th class student and I have got an opportunity to work in TV serials?
How will the Delhi High Court’s verdict regarding the moderation policy, affect the ICSE and ISC results?
Should I stop gaming to get better grades in school and study more or should I keep gaming as a teen?
How can one get a 90+ score in the CBSE board exams of 2017-2018?
Is a bachelor's degree enough these days?
What marks does one have to score in each subject to get 90% in 12th board?
How can I get good study skills and improve my grades in high school?
Is high school like middle school?
Is it compulsory to study maths in plus 2 for a BCA?
What we can do after learning accounts commerce in 12th?
Can CBSE go against the order of Delhi HC?
What are the educational options after 10th for a brilliant student?
In CBSE schools, what is the difference between a Hindi A and a Hindi B course?
What is your advice to a student who is willing to leave university and start studying online?
What is the best way to study effectively for excellent performance in high school?
Can I appear for NEET 2018 if I failed in one subject in the CBSE board in 2017 but passed it later in the compartment exam?
When will KV’s process admission in class 9, I mean within how many days after declaration of the tenth result?
How does one get revenge on teachers after graduation?
Should college education be free?
What should one do in the time gap when school ends and college is yet to start?
Can we write JEE Mains in 11th grade?
Can anyone get admission to Bangalore University, after passing 12th from NIOS?
Why did you choose to enroll your child in private school?
How many marks are required on the KCET for the veterinary subject?
Is the dropper course of Prerna Classes good?
Which 5 subjects are selected in class 11 and 12 in the arts department?
What are some widely used learning management software in Saudi Arabian schools and universities?
Is Amity admission for B.Tech open in July too?
Have you ever challenged a grade you thought was too high?
Should I join Aakash in class 9 if I am willing to take medical?
What are the things to look out for before selecting a preschool for your children?
Do you know anyone who wasted class 11th but studied a lot in class 12th and got selected in IIT?
How do I download solutions of class 12 KC mathematics?
How will the delay in CBSE results affect college admissions?
What can I do after class 12 in commerce (CEBA)?
Wat could be a unique idea for my biology investigatory project in class 12?
Is studying especially important in high school?
What are the approximate minimum marks to get a seat in any of the AIIMs?
Will 2018 12th class students suffer due to the moderation policy?
Why does SSC not allow fresh registration of candidates who registered for a previous exam?
Why should I get a liberal arts education coupled with a maths major?
How will the class 10, class 12, and graduation percentages affect my CAT and GRE percentile?
Do many American students go to Europe for higher education because it is cheaper? What is your experience?
How can I solve x+cos(x)=ax+cos⁡(x)=ax+\cos(x)=a for xxx? Is it possible at all?
What should we do to pass 10th and get into medical science?
How should I start preparing for the GATE, and in which order should I study the subjects? I need to make a schedule based on the importance of each subject.
Should I study by takin notes and lecturing, making questions out of subheadings or by using flashcards to get better grades in high school?
Is the ICSE or the CBSE best for the NEET?
How can I become a priest in future?
How relevant is the 2017 syllabus of ISC with that of CBSE?
Can Indian parents get jailed if they force their kids into engineering and medical?
Is distance mode education fruitful for gov. jobs?
How do I learn all of the high school chemistry, biology and math in 2 weeks?
I will take Algebra 2 HN in 10th grade. Am I behind as an engineering school candidate? What's your suggestions?
Is it possible to know how much grace marks you've got in class 12 CBSE board?
What is continuing professional education in CPA?
What are some of the best online law school programs?
How do I study H2 Chemistry?
Where can I download RD Sharma’s book free for class 12?
Do we come to know AIIMS marks immediately after exams?
Is there any book or online course available to understand economics?
When will the 2017 Class 12 HSC result be declared?
Which is the best career to select after the 12th class for a girl who lives in Nepal?
Which is the best book of Accountancy and Commerce for ISC board class 11?
My school is meant for smart kids, I generally get As and Bs, but I have 2 Cs. Is that bad? Is a C even a passing grade? What will other schools say?
What are the difficulties students face since they don’t have an ask and answer website in their college to clear their doubts about their academics?
Do high marks scorers also get grace marks in the CBSE moderation policy?
Is there a GST exemption for the employees of private coaching tuitions for entrance examinations (for both non teaching and teaching staff)?
Did anyone got into MBBS after scoring 40% or 50% in 12th?
How can I pass the JAIIB within 15 days?
Are MTG Foundation course class 10 books enough for the math and science portion of exams like the NTSE and other scholarship exams?
Is a rank of 329 (AIR) good enough for NCHMCT? Can I get an educational loan? If yes, then how much? What college preferences should I make?
For which course can I apply to complete my post graduation? I did my under graduation in electronics honors.
Why my English teacher told not to study from English trainers in ACL?
How do I score good in the CBSE class 10 science practical questions?
Is the GOAL Institute in Patna better than the Aakash Institute?
Have you successfully cheated in an GCSE or A-level exam? If so, how?
Is CBSE playing with our future?
My A levels (AS) exams will be commencing on October. And I have not started studying for my Business Studies yet, how do I even study this subject?
I have scored 110 marks by solving AIIMS 2014 paper what are the chances that I can perform well in AIIMS 2017?
What are the major qualifications to work in a restaurant after class 12?
Is there a moderation policy in the CBSE board result 2017?
Which college is the better choice for a BBA: NDIM or JIMS Sector-3?
Which subjects are compulsory, and which are optional, for the CBSE class 11 commerce stream?
Which countries have the most effective family planning education for school-aged children?
What is a certificate number in the 10th class mark sheet in HBSE?
How do I start a play group school in India?
I study German in one group with Arabs and Syrians. The teacher is a Jew. She is often rude. I am not allowed to change the group. Is there a way out?
In the improvement exams, do they calculate the best marks, or use the whole year’s marks?
What are the basic education qualifications required to get admission into an agriculture college?
Which is the best university in the world in which to study Indian history?
Can a science student pursue law after class 12? If so, what steps should one take to get into a reputable law school?
What does a class 12 marksheet look like?
Will I qualify for the Advanced 2017 if I get only 8 marks in physics (paper 1 and 2) and 65 each in math and chemistry?
What is it like to commute to school in NY everyday?
How do I get help with math problems online?
After graduating high school in Canada, I have to go back to Singapore for 2 years. What will my university entry/application process look like then?
How is the EPIM course of the BSE Institute? Is it worth it for a salaried professional?
Does ISC declare results on weekends?
How was the ICSE board exam?
Why have an educational institutions become a money-making business? There is no quality.
Do kindergarten and 6th grade teachers earn differently in salary?
When will CBSE class 12 result come after the order from HC regarding the moderation policy?
My actual name is T. Sravan Kumar in my 10th and 12th it is T. Shravan Kumar, I have recorrected by the guzzete officer, will it be a prblm in PP?
Should I take regular classes to boost my GPA or should I still take AP/honors classes?
How does examiner gives marks in engineering?
What do you plan on doing after high school?
What are the best books for science students in class 11?
Why education is going costly day by day?
What should you do when you don't recieve an award that you are supposed to get?
What is the best option for becoming a CA after 12th class?
In the ICSE 2017 in mathematics, I drew the wrong number line. How many marks will be deducted?
How can I stop procrastinating and just study and get better grades?
How do I select a good colllege after 12?
What do Muslim students do if they participate in food and beverage courses?
Is it really tough for a second year dropper to crack AIIMS-Delhi 2017?
How do I devote equal time to each subject while preparing for JEE?
Where can I check my HS results on WB board?
Which is more important in finding a job, education or experience?
What's the most important part of the application of universities?
What makes a school both fun and excellent? What steps or considerations should I have?
Which matters more, knowledge or experience?
When will the Karnataka CET results be announced?
What is the meaning of drama and theatre in education?
How do I prepare for the AIIMS exam that is 13 months from now?
Which countries teach their students “positive attitude/thinking” in schools, and which don’t?
What​ is IIT? What should we study in intermediate for betterment?
From a GPA perspective, what is the value of the Honors courses as opposed to the AP courses?
I am interested in computer science, which are the different courses available after 12 in India?
Would anyone take an online course about all the tools needed to create online courses?
Is there any thing like an MBA in nanotechnology?
Is there a way for me to earn a sort of exemption, or otherwise get out of taking a core high school class in Louisiana, US?
What was one of your closest calls in high school?
Why are school clubs the worst?
Which is better after 12th class, a diploma or a B.Tech?
In Mumbai University’s engineering program, if I take a golden subject and the passing marks are 24, will I get some grace marks? How many?
What are some good books that teach practical approaches and methods for sizing a market?
How much easier is CBSE 12 than ICSE?
I am going to fail in my 12 board exams. How do I deal wIth it?
What are the best short time courses after HSC (science)?
Do classes begin at Christ University immediately after orientation?
Can I get admission in Amity BBA?
Do students from Amity Lucknow have to go to their other branches for placements?
Don’t our politicians and administrators have that much guts to send their children to government schools?
How should I study and what study technique should I use to improve all of my grades in high school?
What are the competitive exams that I can give in class 11th?
Can you gain a well rounded education surfing and reading the web?
How is Amity university Noida for studying B pharm?
What is Gordon Miller's educational qualification?
How do I get admission in na engineering college after getting bad marks in class 12?
What is CBSE correspondence?
What are the best reference books in class 11 science stream?
Is it true that Maharashtra HSC results are releasing tomorrow (25/05/2017)? And how are you feeling?
What whould you do if a student didn't want to go home?
How do I download simplified physics class 9th by Dinesh & Co. for free?
Can a school prevent a student from taking an AP course?
How do people decide which college to attend?
How can I grasp concepts fast and get good grades in high school?
What was score of het Shah in AIIMS 2016?
What are the physical and email addresses of the director of Amity University in Noida?
Should I submit fees first and then get an educational loan?
Are there cliques in your high school?
How good of grades do I need for grad school in math or physics?
How should I study in the 7th class in order to clear the JEE?
How can I motivate myself to study in university?
Is it possible to clear the full syllabus of the CBSE class 11th and 12th in just 6 months?
What is meant by self-education?
How will the moderation policy of the CBSE 2017 help a good and hard working student?
Why don't young people like watching the educational programs today?
How much does American education cost per person?
Does board percentage matter in AIIMS?
Do you feel that this high school year has been going by quickly or slowly?
What are some tips you would like to give while attempting AIIMS paper?
Is gender-segregated education better than coeducation?
Can one do maths in 3 months in class 12 if one hasn’t touched the maths book yet?
Should I study by taking notes and trying to teach the notes/lecture them or by reading a textbook and lecture at the same time to get better grades?
Do you attend school in Manhasset, New York?
What all gets included in determining the moderation of marks? Is it all about passing or something else?
How can I prepare for the resonance CTs so I can score good marks and get into the A1 batch?
Have I lost my chance of getting an A grade on my English paper?
What subject should I choose after 10th for banking?
What suggestions will you give to schools to develop their potentials?
Is it okay to not be in an elite school in Singapore?
What is [math] e/\pi [math] in mathematics?
How do I prepare for NEET in class 12th?
How do I use flash cards for maths to understand concepts or should I try to self explain it to myself in high school?
Why is it elitist in Singapore for those with a higher (or more prestigious) educational attainment to disparage those without?
What are the books recommended to crack AIIMS other than NCERT and Allen modules?
When will the IIM IPMAT 2017 result be declared?
Is it good or bad to marry your female teacher? And why?
Will the TN syllabus change affect the NEET in 2018?
What's the American grading system like?
How much is the counselling fees at Manipal institute of technology?
What are the best ways to earn even before you finish your graduation?
What are the differences between Army Public Schools and Sainik Schools in terms of discipline, army culture and general timetable?
What are some valuable important points for solving case studies of business studies for class 12th CBSE?
How was your high school experience? Can you tell me your high school experience?
What are the career options after 12th class PCMB in science?
Can we start college before completing the 2nd PUC supplementary exam?
How do I manage my time for 12th board CBSE as well as for SAT and IELTS?
Which syllabus is best iCSE, CBSE, or state for NEET?
I want to study biology of aging. What should I study for Bachelor?
Do any college of AIIMS provide BHMS?
What is the minimum percentage in the Maharastra board in 2018 to be in the top 20th percentile?
Should I go to LPU? Is the education and placement good there?
How is IIEST Shibpur as an institute of engineering?
Where can I download RD Sharma for class 12 as a PDF for free?
Is the reservation policy in the education sector helpful for the development of the country?
What is the education qualification needed to apply for the Dell Company?
How do prestigious educational institutes in India show the relation between student's socioeconomic background and their selection in institution?
How useful is a Udemy online business course in the UK?
Can I apply for admission to DU after class 12? I am currently in class 10.
What is more important: knowledge or effort?
When will the 12th HSC 2017 results be out?
Can I crack the NTSE exam by studying the state board book and finding information on the internet?
What do I need to do for architecture after 10?
What is the best course to take when you have scored 60% in 12th?
What is the best way to finish high school as a freshmen?
What is the difference between people teaching "how to make money" and me teaching "how not to lose money"?
How do I free download Simplified Physics 9th Class by Dinesh & co.?
Why is the bodybuilder or the fittest guy of a class normally poor in studies? Do extra physical exercises decrease your grades in academics?
Does NIFT centre really matter?
How many marks are required for CPT?
When will the CBSE 12 2017 result be out?
Which is the best online resource for class 10th students who are weak in languages?
What is the current problem of CBSE with not publishing 12th results 2017?
What are the online DELE preparation courses available for less than 200 euros?
Why is there a feeling of emptiness after one graduates from high school/university?
What is the best stream in WBUT?
What is the new date of CBSE class 12 result 2017? Has any information regarding that issued by the board?
What is a D.El.Ed course, and what are some private colleges?
Which is the best job immediately after 12th commerce in India?
Should I summarise the chapters from my book to study and get better grades in high school?
What is the group​ code for CBSE 12th?
How do I ask my former teachers if they have any students I can tutor over the summer?
What was the reaction of your parents after your 12th class results? How did you tackle your relatives?
Is 3.3 a good GPA for the first semester of the first year with 10 credits, and do schools like Harvard, Princeton, etc., consider the grades of the first year?
Does your class 12 percentage matter in MBA placements? I got 72% in both class 12 and college, and 88% in class 10. Will I have issues with getting shortlisted for summer internships?
What were Vaibhav Tulsyan’s first year marks? We have the SGPA system now, so is 8.84 good?
Which is the best book for the learning basics of programming? I have just completed C++ up to the class 12 level for the CBSE boards?
Are maths or CMS compulsory for the commerce stream?
Who's the worst/best teacher you had in high school?
When is the 12 STD 2017?
How do I prepare for CAT after taking 11th Commerce?
Why should one study banking?
Is CBSE improvement exam for 12th worth taking? What is the level of checking there? Is there any scope for success?
Are there any fine art Indian students on Quora? Can anyone share some effective and economical ways to pursue fine arts in Delhi?
Which institute in India is best for mass communications after 12th?
What were your biggest learning while learning from and exploring the concept of spirituality with your teachers?
How difficult will it be for a student to score 85%-95%, after the changed policy of providing grace marks?
Can one repeat class 11 and 12 while simultaneously doing BA with it?
Are there any competitive math exams that a first year engineering student can take?
Is the ICSE 2019 syllabus changing?
What if school was a reality competition show?
How do I become a CBI officer after 12?
Has the CBSE ever declared their results twice, once before there was less inflation of the marks and once after there was more inflation of the marks?
Which are the best books for accountancy class 12?
How can I get a 10 CGPA in 10 class?
Is it okay for a teacher to shove me in the head?
Where does one write the AP exam?
What are examples of core teaching strategies?
Will CBSE moderation grant equal grace marks in subjects like chem, bio as it does in maths? (Like in maths people getting 77 can be spiked to 93)
Is history a tough subject after 10th?
Should we follow the CBSE syllabus or state board syllabus for the SSN entrance test?
What are the interesting topics in commerce class 11?
What is a good reference book for 11th CBSE?
What are the actual rights guaranteed to a US high school student?
What is   \text{ }555 times 1414\frac{1}{4}?
What is it like to go to school in New York?
How does teacher check a paper when half a page is empty?
Does Brilliant help people master undergrad maths?
Will the ICSE 2017 results be declared by May 31st?
How can I prepare to succeed in 9th grade?
Where should I study from for the CIMA professional gateway exam? Is the institute's study material sufficient?
In state board, is English core elective or functional?
Have you ever experienced failure as an elementary school classroom teacher? What did you learn from it?
What is the reason behind Roman Saini's decision to give away free education in place of free medical treatment?
How does the public school system work in Mozambique?
Are the cutoffs of DU for the overall percentage of students or for a particular subject?
Why do we still make a big deal out of high school graduation?
How are grace marks given in CA exams?
Why is school mandatory in the U.S.?
What is AP intermediate?
When applying for colleges, what are the other options to show leadership besides becoming an officer at school clubs?
Where can you study for free in Canada and pay after graduating?
Is question number 10 of the JEE Advanced 2017 Paper 1 similar to one of the physics questions asked in the WBJEE 2014 exam?
How do I decline a call on WhatsApp?
What should one do a day before of 10 class result?
Do you guys think that education can abolish terrorism?
Is the Caribbean Advanced Proficiency Examinations eligible for direct entry into an undergraduate degree course in Germany?
In which subject can we get moderation in CBSE class 12 2017 examination?
How do I become a drawing teacher?
How many students pass out in SRM Business School?
What is the state of language education like in Serbia?
Are bikes allowed at Manipal Institute of Technology?
Where can I get best tuitions for arts subjects in Kolkata?
Does Nalanda University in Bihar still have good education?
Do you have any idea on product concepts for education?
What was the NTSE syllabus in Karnataka 2016?
How many students passes IMUCET every year?
Why do schools need music programs?
What should I learn after passing high school to get admission into MIT?
What course should I choose after 12 biology to joining in NASA?
What do people think about the Vietnamese education system?
How many days does the FIITJEE take to allot new batches to the students after the reshuffling test?
What is the cost of home schooling and how is it carried out?
Who is a school teacher?
How do I become a great student again, get good grades in high school and stop being a procrastinator?
Where can I find free online courses in quantum physics and Italian language with (free or not) certificate?
How can I score the max grades in exams on lessons that are hard to study?
What's a good way to remember study designs?
Is it worth spending money on IT-related higher education in a foreign university for an Indian now?
How can I cope with leaving teachers?
Do I need to study 11th and 12th mathematics for GATE?
How do I secure 95%+ in 10th boards exam in CBSE? I am an average student scored 10th CGPA in my 9th. What are the ways throgh which I can prepare?
What classes and extracurriculars will help me be prepared for engineering?
Do you think a CFA will provide better investment advice, or is their advice no better than that provided with no education?
What will be the best university choice for me?
When will the 12th CBSE results be announced?
Should schools teach people how to allow their views to be challenged?
What are your thoughts about moderation on class 12 marks?
If a person gets 70% marks, up to what extent can his marks be increased by moderation? Is it possible that he can get an 80 plus?
Is there any free hacking courses available (standard courses)?
As a high school student who's passionate about AI, how can I start learning it?
What percentage of the time do you actually pay attention in a class?
Do middle school teachers have a right to give the student a hard time in a classroom if they struggle to learn?
Who can earn more as an RBI grade B?
Will the CBSE give grace marks in the exam for class 12 chem 2017?
Which sites are useful to study for UGC NET?
Should I get grace marks if I’m getting 80 marks in any subject?
How should the education system work?
Do we have to learn the AIIMS password for an exam or will it be provided?
What are the flaws of the current education system?
Why do those educated with jobs have difficulty escaping homelessness?
If everyone with 10 CGPA is 95 % then how do you rank students in 10th CBSE exam?
Do guys prefer dating girls that have a higher education than themselves as much as girls prefer dating someone that has a higher education than theirs?
How does school work in Uganda?
What are the prerequisites to start a primary school and how does one get CBSE affiliation?
What should be the study plan for the RBI Grade B officer exam in 2018?
When will the ISC board results come out for 2017?
When will the Maharashtra HSC 2017 results be declared?
What is the best course to take when you have get 60% in 12th (science)?
How can we teach innovation?
Is archaeology a science or arts subject?
What is an easy way of teaching maths to primary school kids?
What's the best way to balance 7 hours of school, 3 hours of homework, sports, and video games?
Should you change schools if you feel your school is not good enough for you?
Which is the best dummy school based on CBSE in Jabalpur?
Can someone get into a good college affiliated with Delhi University with a 90% in board exams?
Which subject would be better for doing graduation economics or statistics if I am interested in doing higher education and my maths is pretty good?
What is the best novel for a school student?
How many are frustrated with CBSE's behavior?
Why isn't European history a part of Indian education system?
As of yesterday, Delhi HC asked CBSE not to scrap the moderation policy. To what extent can marks be given for PCM subjects?
What is the best way to study year-round for a junior taking multiple AP classes, and in a way that can spare time for excessive homework?
What do you think about teachers who validate students based on marks?
Can you teach yourself to be more witty?
Can I get admission in any college for a BSc with 12% in 12th class?
What are some maths be tricks for high school?
Have you ever thought of a creative school?
Why are NCERT books preferred for higher classes?
Is the topic "determination of contents of cold drinks" good for my class 12 investigatory project?
What would you do better to improve the high school experience?
Are 6th-12th Science NCERTS worth reading? Most S and T questions are from current affairs.
What study method should I use to be efficient, not spend as much time studying and get better grades in high school?
What is 4D in physics in the easy way of class 11?
How do I study in 1st year engineering?
What is the best advice about Finance to give to a new high school graduate?
What habits or strategies can a BME student develop to help with getting good grades?
What is the impact of CBSE delaying exam results on students getting admission in TN colleges via counselling?
Are you interested in AP ideas?
Is 82% a bad score on the CBSE Class 12 if I plan on doing a CPL?
What apps are helpful for students?
What best place for studying painting and cinema?
What should a 12th pass candidate know before starting his undergrad in CSE?
Is there any difference in VMC premium correspondence if one applies online for the course?
When taking notes to study in high school, should I just take them once and read them, or should I take notes everytime I read to study?
When are the 2017 Maharashtra state Board 12th results going to be released?
How are grace marks alloted to the students of CBSE after the HC order?
What is the last-moment strategy for AIIMS?
What will happen to the CBSE board result now that the high court has rejected its appeal for moderation?
How can I become a workaholic and studyaholic and get better grades in high school?
How do I find members to form a band in high school when I don't know anyone?
What is a good idea for a school commercial project (grade 8)?
Are there any opportunities other than treating patients after completing PG studies in medicine?
How will CBSE give marks now after the High Court's decision regarding the marks moderation policy?
What percentage of high school students read the assigned texts?
Can I get my mark sheet number when the CBSE results are released?
How much scholarship does an ST student get in AIIMS?
Why is it required for a student to learn stuff in school for long years which has no application in reality?
Do you think that going to college to be a doctor is really worth all the training and years that it actually takes to become one?
What is being a student at Dreyfoos School of the Arts like?
When should I take the SAT exam?
Which college can I join if my class 12 percentage is 60%? I am a PCB student.
Should I take language classes until full literacy or professional reading/writing?
How do I to get my dual enrollment teachers to write me glowing letters of recommendations for Ivies and similar college applications?
What was the lowest score last year to get into AIIMS Delhi?
Should I study by taking notes from my textbook and then trying to teach someone through those notes to get better grades in high school?
How can technology enhance learning?
Can you grow high grade marijuana from low grade seeds?
What is the effect of the high court’s decision on the CBSE class 12 results?
What type of education system, curriculum, pedagogy, and possibilities would you like to have?
Will I pass the 12th class if I have written all nonsense?
What do you do when you get bad grade in school?
Which course should I choose after 12th, BBA, BBM or BBS?
How many grace marks are in KCET 2017?
Who will conduct the NEET 2018, the CBSE or any other committee?
What are you taking for your GCSE?
How difficult is getting good marks in GATE exam?
What is your opinion about school life?
What are the maximum marks that can be obtained in RRB NPTC?
Should Mathematics in secondary schools be compulsory?
Which marks will be added in class 12th if we can take improvement exams in class 12th?
Is there any course in BSC related to CNC course?
Which programme and in which college/varsity should I pursue after class 12 which offers me a wide variety of subjects to learn?
What is the meaning of sequence number and class in flight boarding pass?
Is there really any point of going to college, when there's so much more easily accessible information on the internet?
Is ordinary education more important than skill?
Should 2017, 12th board students also enter their qualifying marks in Karnataka CET before the announcement of the results?
Is a 5 year integrated engineering course a better one?
What is the difference between junior college and higher secondary school?
What would you like to say to a 12th class student whose result is to be declared tomorrow?
What was your percentage in class 11 as a PCM student?
Are there any people on Quora who are pro school choice and well versed in the topic?
How can I score a 98% in commerce on the CBSE Class 12 exam with math?
Does Amity University provide 50% scholarships on the basis of 12th results?
Are many students going to fail in CBSE this year?
What are the tricks to get the highest marks in English subject in my approaching +2 class?
What is the importance of a student council at a school?
Will we get moderation marks in the CBSE maths board exam in 2017?
How will CBSE implement moderation policy again if paper has been already checked?
What is the process of changing your name in India after 12th standard?
What are the benefits of an environmental education program?
Can I turn from science stream to commerce stream after passing 12th?
In what college would I get direct admission into a B.Tech with 61.5% in 12th class?
What are the current teaching methodologies in geography?
What will happen to class 12 students after the Delhi HC decision, and how will the CBSE moderate by delaying results?
Do you think more needs to be done in your country to make sure that school kids and working people are able to enjoy their weekend?
Can somebody suggest colleges that offer courses in archeology?
Can I become a CA after completing class 12 in computer science?
Will the ICSE also take back its “no moderation” policy after the decision of the high court?
I completed my 12th class in 2012, what is the best course and programme for me to pursue?
Can I get exemption on a law paper if I get marks above 60 in law and zero marks in the rest of my three papers, i.e. accounts, SFM and audit?
Will doing boarding in Kota be better for class 11 and further for IIT?
What is the difference between biotechnology and biomedical engineering? How do I opt these after class 12? I am a PCM student.
Is it the school's fault that students cheat?
When are the 10th class standard results expected?
Do 10th grade marks really matter in life?
What is cram school?
What are options for a career after 12th for a medical student?
Who was your craziest / most interesting teacher?
What is the difference between grace marks and the spiking of marks? This is the decision taken by the HRD Minister for CBSE 2017.
What sort of education do most Google employees get?
What are some books that I can get for more knowledge in class 11 for an arts stream?
How do you know when you study hard?
What are the optional and compulsary subjects in 11th CBSE with PCB?
What was your first thought when you finished writing your HSC (Grade 12 Board Exams)?
Why is CBSE creating so much confusion? Will grace marks and moderation policy continue or not?
My score in Allen CBT for AIIMS 2017 is 100. Will I be able to score more in actual exams?
Do Palestinians really teach their kids in schools to hate Israelis?
Is there any pre-closure charge for an education loan in IOB in India?
Which course should I choose after 12 non-medical to get a job in America?
What are the benefits of attending fitness classes?
What are all the common government exams that a UG can attend?
Which maths concepts book is best for IIT levels?
Which college is best for the 11th?
How does one become an ethical hacker after class 12?
How do I get good marks in class 10 board examination 2018?
What is the feedback on Antwerp Management School in Belgium?
As one who’s gone to virtual school and is going into a public high school next year, what are some of the things that I should expect?
Should I take IT or CCE at Manipal if I have a problem with rote learning?
How do I encourage a surly teenager to study for importantly exams?
How can I become a learning machine as a teenager in high school and what study method should I use to accomplish this?
Do middle schools teach "state history" like Texas has "Texas history" in sixth grade?
How do I identify academically weak students?
I am working in Service Desk. I like to complete a course in Citrix. What is the best course that I can opt for?
What are the differences between a fitness trainer certificate and diploma? Would I be able to get hired if I enroll in a recognized school/class?
In ICSE, are the marks obtained in written exams or internal assessments in class 9 added to class 10 marks?
What does "Study the historian before you begin to study the facts" mean?
What was the pattern of marks for class 10 students?
What are the overall benefits and disadvantages of studying Further Mathematics (Pure Math, Statistics and Mechanics) in Cambridge A Levels?
How much should I pay someone while I'm teaching them a skilled trade?
What are the pros and cons of opting for home-schooling for our children?
This year, the BHU BSc Biology paper was tougher than the previous year as many students said. Is this true?
Is management easy for those who have studied 11-12 std. in science?
How can I score in the FSC exams?
Who are the Maharashtra Board HSC Toppers?
Is Loyola College coed for the BBA?
Is the syllabus of class 11 changing next year?
How does the US education system work from a student's career point of view?
How is biotechnology at Amity Mumbai?
Which are the top 10 M.Tech colleges for distance education?
What is the selection process of the Mentor Graphics Higher Education Program?
How do I prepare for AIIMS 2018 so that I can have a secure seat in AIIMS New Delhi (my dream college)?
Can I be a good student in maths in 3 months?
Which is the best creative writing course for distance education?
How important was painting to you when you were at primary school? Why?
Is standardized testing good for children?
What will happen if I am absent for sixth subject (PE) in CBSE 12 Boards 2017?
If I finish all certificates on freeCodeCamp, how long will I have to wait to start working on a nonprofit project?
Can one get 100 marks in social studies, in Haryana secondary examination?
Can I get admission in MBBS after passing the NIOS?
What will be the likely verdict of HC Delhi on the PIL concerning the scrapping of moderation policy and grace marking on the CBSE?
Are PUC/12th grade marks included in calculating PESSAT 2017 ranks?
How do I improve my English marks in the ISC?
If I have less time what would be more helpful, solving questions or only studying the chapters for AIIMS?
What are the best individual online courses for high school students?
Is there any entrance exam for pilot after class 12?
Are non-maths students allowed in the Goenka College of Commerce?
Is reading my textbook and trying to recite the information I just read an effective way to get better grades in high school?
Is the education system in Tamil Nadu good enough for a school student, as well as a college student, to shine outside the state?
Was the CBSE moderation policy really scrapped or not?
What are some cool applications of computer vision in education (traditional classrooms, MOOCs, etc.)?
How do I place in a diploma college and what is the procedure to get into that?
In MBBS study, we have to revise many times but I don't like to revise. How do I make it a daily habit?
Class 11 started and its summer vacation. I am not willing to study, so what should I do?
Do American children still learn cursive these days?
How will I get to know my Class X CBSE result without the roll number or any other details, I only have the CBSE Affiliation number?
What are the best university to study biotechnology in the world?
Should I start using mind maps to study and get better grades in high school?
Which stream in the 11th standard will offer the best career option in the coming future?
How was ICSE 2017 papers?
What is taught in the Electronics and Electrical Communication branch at IIT KGP?
Should I answer practice questions while checking my book to study and get better grades in high school?
Does education make you a better person?
Are Muslim students treated well in public Catholic high schools in Ontario, Canada?
Is it true that the Gujrat board are going to adopt the CBSE board?
What is the present status of those schools in Delhi which interview the child's parents to award admission to nursery or primary education to the child?
Why can't I do well in school?
Which are the best places to do my undergraduate?
What are some good ways to use data analytics in education?
One of my teachers purposely said and taught the entire class something wrong. What should I do?
What happens to education without philosophy?
What's that one advice you'll give to a person who has just finished his graduation?
How can I appear for improvements of 12th PCM percentage?
What are good non-STEM summer opportunities for high schoolers?
Why do people against school choice argue that public schools will lose funds when that is exactly the point?
How do you like school absence penalty notice?
What type of interaction happens between juniors and seniors at AIIMS Delhi?
How's the situation of employment for students who graduated from Sheridan College? My subject is computer animation.
Does 0.9¯0.9¯0.\bar9 equal 111?
How do I get urgent duplicate 10th passing certificate in Rajasthan board?
What if I do not get a good college after 12th?
Is it okay have a break for preparation for the NEET and AIIMS?
What is the best high school in Arlington, TX?
What are some tips for making a resume in high school?
How do I prepare for 9th grade? I want to be the top of my class and to know a lot.
Is there an agent who helps with school admissions in Chennai?
Can anyone provide me with a PDF file of O.P. Tandon Chemistry class 11?
Does the language or writing system that people in your country use online differ from the one taught in schools? If so, why?
When reading and studying, should I read aloud or read silently for me to get better grades in high school?
Have you ever had teachers who call their students "Mr." and "Miss"? And if you're a teacher, do you do so yourself?
What surprised you most about American high school culture?
How many of you are in support of or in against of CBSE's moderation policy?
When reading to get better grades in high school, should I read everything or just skim fastly through everything and slow down on important parts?
When studying and trying to teach someone else to get better grades in high school, should I teach the entire chapter or only the main points?
How can I become my own professor and learn high school material alone? What study method should I use?
Can I get admission in Amity university mechanical engineering on the basis of class 12th result rather than on the score of Amity-JEE?
What do you think about the school system where you live?
When will the ISC declare it's 12th results?
What is the easy way to get good marks in 11 CBSE?
If you could only pick 7 school subjects from elementary to senior high, what are they?
What aspect of education is missing in people that lack critical analysis and have shallow reasoning?
Is CBSE really going to declare the 12 board results tomorrow?
Can a Nepali student compute for JEE after class 10?
Does an expert PU college provide coaching for the AIEEE?
Do you have to create a study timetable to study effectively? What are good alternatives?
Why are the CBSE and HRD playing dirty politics over the class 12 results? At the end of the day, the students suffer due to the policy lapses.
What is a good book to study string theory at a level higher than Zwiebach's that is appropriate for an advanced undergraduate physics student?
What are the homeschooling prices?
What is the procedure for changing the exam center of IGNOU?
What was the attitude that you approached subjects with during your preparation? Was it with an intent to learn, or to somehow finish the concept?
What is the syllabus for the CLAT that I should study from 11th standard as I have chosen PCB with maths as an option?
What are the best sites to learn something new?
What's some good advice for a teacher switching to first grade after 15 years of teaching fifth grade?
Does IIM consider the best of four for ISC students or the average of all the subjects?
Can CBSE release class 12 results 2017 when the case on moderation policy is still in the court?
Will the ISC results be bad this year as they are is coming out so late?
Is there an exam to get a seat in the IIA, after 12?
How was the accounts paper?
What should a weak science girl student who is also economically weak do after class 12th?
Which education is best and why, mindfulness learning in the West vs rote learning and drilling in the Middle East and Asia?
What is the best education after 2nd PUC in commerce?
Which NCERT books are really important for CSE? 6 to 12th, or only 11th & 12th standard?
Which are some of the best computer classes in Borivali to learn a computer language?
Do we have to save each and every question while giving the AIIMS paper?
Can I give bank exams after passing 12th std.?
Can a top 50 rank in AIIMS be achieved in 1 year?
Should I take MGM Indore or drop a year to try for AIIMS Delhi?
What is CBSE moderation policy?
Is India's bilingual education system halting some brilliant students' progress in research and other wings of education?
What is the best way to study anatomy for a curriculum in medicine?
I'm in 12th studying MEC. I want to learn physics and programming. Would it be better to wait for 12th to finish or can I learn it now?
Will colleges care if I don't take honors English or AP English lang/lit?
When reading to study for high school, should I read the entire chapter or only the summary at the end of it to improve my grades?
Is it hard to study a degree in Business Management? What jobs can you get out of it?
Should a CA student opt for maths in 11th and 12th or its fine?
What is the ranking of the ECTEL (enhanced learning) conference?
What is it like to attend a forest kindergarten?
Is it possible to get 100 percent marks in music in 10+2 after opting it just from 10+1?
What states take track and field seriously for high school?
Seeing the age and time, should teachers become more interactive and intuitive using technology or apps for education in school?
Is there any 11th group related to a B.A. in literature in Ambattur?
How should I use the method of "teaching others" to get better grades in high school?
Students nowadays complain that teachers don't teach well. Is that so, or are these just some excuses by them? If it is so, then how can we improve this?
How do I draw a flowchart in which a student's marks in 5 subjects are entered and the average is calculated. If the average is more than 70, then do I draw a star?
I​ got 50% in the class 12 (commerce) examination. Can I take the CA-CPT exam?
How much did Anurag Kumar get in AIIMS?
Can I homeschool my children in Morocco?
On what basis of answering in paper in class 12 CBSE a student get passed?
Can a student who failed in the 12th (HSC), have the re-exam for the 12th arts stream online?
How often do high school students not get REM sleep?
Can a supplementary student take the MBBS entrance exam?
Is it good to join an intermediate or polytechnic course after class ten?
Will the ISC marking scheme be affected by the moderation policy?
I have graduated from school with PCMB (ISC Board). What should I pursue for MBA, BSc, BBA or BBM? What will be more beneficial?
What are the best books for JEE aspirants in class 11?
Which is the best course after 12th to make a good career?
Where can I take online ECE classes in San Mateo?
What is a good approach to study economics for UPSC?
How much should I score to get a seat in AIIMS?
Which are the best courses to take up in engineering?
Will CBSE only give grace marks this year?
If I am graduating from school in Bhopal, can I get into any good colleges abroad?
It's the end of May. When will our ISC results be declared?
Can I get good marks for writing a 2 page answer for an 18 marks question at DU, if I am a student of humanities and political science?
How can I get ahead of studies using online methods as an international high school student?
What do you think about online classes on Coursera, books and education in the overall finance area?
Isn't it unfair for a CBSE improvement exam student if he is allotted the same room at an exam centre where he sits together with a compartment exam student?
Are there only 350 general seats in AIIMS UG?
What are some suggestions for ISC English in 2019?
What needs to be done to reduce the taboo towards contraceptives?
What is Lycos computer education?
Should I go for BMS or baf after 12?
If you were to compare a Turkish university degree to an Estonian university degree, what would you say? Which is more prestigious?
What sectors should I choose after doing biology in class 12?
Why should I opt for BBA?
Is tommorow CBSE 12th results? What is the timing and website to check result?
Is there any dummy school in Ghaziabad?
What degree do we get after completing class 10?
What is an easy subject for graduation?
Should I study by acting like I am teaching others to get better grades in high school to get better grades?
Is Lubbock High School haunted?
What happens if you're sick and miss high school finals?
Can someone be proficient in Newtonian level physics without higher education?
What jobs can make me rich without too much education?
In which subject will CBSE provide grace marks now after the high court orders?
Can schools in Utah legally force kids to come back on the grounds?
How can I crack the NDA, as I am currently studying in class 12 and this is my first attempt? I don't have any idea about class 12 maths?
Should I study using flash cards or by reading and doing active recall to get better grades in high school?
What are some of the best undergraduate schools for chemistry?
What can a British school expel you for?
Will government colleges consider improvement mark sheets?
How do you put down an annoying/mischievous student in class?
How did you get an AIR of 10 in AIIMS Main?
What are the accurate answers of Math ICSE 2017?
Will my 10th CBSE marks help my 12th CBSE marks?
How do I get into CA after completing an MPC in intermediate?
What is the difference between moderation and grace marks in CBSE?
What is effect of the marks moderation policy on individually-scored marks in the CBSE board exams?
What should I study to become an ambassador?
What was it like to study at UF? What were your experiences, professors, classes, people, etc.?
What will the CBSE do now as Delhi’s High Court has directed the CBSE to continue with its grace marks policy?
What do you think will CBSE revaluate papers after court order?
How good is Cork Institute of Technology?
How is the ACPC rank calculated for CBSE Board students?
Can an IGNOU student appear for the December TEE '17 for some papers if he enrolled in July '16? Is there any form to be filled to appear for this exam?
Is maintaining the same GPA throughout high school difficult?
What was your strategy for history optional, and how did you score good marks in it?
What career options do I get in science stream if I go ahead with it and from which subjects?
If someone gets chance into any other AIIMS except Delhi and takes the admission then is it possible to change his decision to get into AIIMS Delhi?
What language do you take at school?
Can every children get a good education?
Which one is best for an MBA: Amity Business Noida or Galgotias University Noida?
Before jumping into HC Verma, should I use another book for class 11?
Should I listen to music while studying in high school to get better grades?
Should I take notes from books in high school and study by them or should I just read the book and study without taking notes to get better grades?
What is the most frustrating thing about going to high school to you?
How can I study for the NEET entrance exam? I'm in class 12 now.
Is the board exam scary?
How should I prepare for ICSE class 10th?
When will the online admissions start for a 12th science student in suburban Mumbai?
How do I make a team table for one year if I want to prepare for the AIIMS 2018?
In what way(s) Chinese education system is better than Indian edu. system? How can we rectify our shortcomings?
What are teaching methods or methodologies of teaching?
Is the 11th State Board bio-maths group hard enough?
Where can I find the 2016 AIIMS question papers if they’re available in any book (offline)?
What is the evaluation system in Japan?
What is the meaning of the Marks Moderation Policy?
How can I become good in math?
Shouldn't economics be taught in high school as a required course?
What can 12th pass students interested in physics and astronomy do before they join their college (in my case IIT or IISC)?
Should I study by reading and trying to lecture on what I am reading or by using flash cards and Quizlet to get better grades in high school?
Is it wise to take science and do bio technology after 10th along with hotel management and also a few courses of makeup artistry?
What are the good ways to get an experienced developer to teach you some skills?
Can I be accepted to French university after not being in school for 4 years? I graduated from a prestigious private school in the USA.
What are some major struggling student groups that are often overlooked and what might be some ways to help them?
Will ISC also continue with the moderation policy for year 2017?
If CBSE follows the HC order, will CISCE follow the same, or are ISC students at a disadvantage?
Is the university life really more fun than high school?
Is it fine to play PC games as study breaks when you're studying 10-12 hours each day for the NEET?
Who is the best chemistry teacher for class 11 ISC in Kolkata?
How can I pass my GCSE Biology exam tomorrow?
What are the benefits of the NIOS over CBSE/state for JEE/NEET preparation?
What is a great way help your grand children learn with you?
Is conventional mathematics methods that are taught in schools are justified?
What are requirements to be a teacher for class 12?
What is the latest NAAC ranking of humanities colleges? What are all the A grade colleges in India?
Could we pay for UK further education with an extra 1% tax on everyone who has a degree?
What kinds of alternative schools do you think deserve support with tax money and what are the advantages of those schools?
Why do people love to show off their degree on Quora?
Is PCMB combination needed for NEET?
Does any IT company directly recruit freshers having 90% and above in their senior secondary (ICSE), higher secondary and engineering undergraduate?
What are the courses available at DU for a commerce student?
Will high school AP Prob/Stats and Calculus be too confusing to take a test the same time?
What is the best degree course?
Which subjects are most needed for a future pilot who is in 12 standard?
What happens at a high school senior brunch?
What are some important chapters for the JIPMER exam?
Is it true that those who score well in college will also score well in competitive programming?
What are the passing marks out of 20?
What is it like to adopt a preteen, who is 11 to 12?
What is the best advice that you can give to anyone in high school?
What is it like to be a student of Vidhyaa Vikas for 10th or 12th Standard?
How is the art stream for future career?
What is the downside of regularising private schools in India?
How do I prepare for the CLAT after standard 10?
How many classes are held in a week in Concept Educations, Guwahati for a foundation 2 year course (engineering)?
Is it a good idea to move to the US with teenage kids (10th grade and 6th grade)?
How do I get online courses on SQL Servers?
Is Kalyani Central Model School a dummy school?
Can we get an education loan in third year as well with 3 backs?
Can I become a software engineer if I choose PCB and Information Practices in class 11?
How can I stop procrastinating as a high school student and just get good grades?
In importance sampling, what is the difference between [math] p(x) [/math] and [math] q(x) [/math]?
What are the advantages of technology in education?
How can I get good marks in 12th biology-maths group to get a medical seat in AIIMS or JIPMER?
What is the percentage in 12 boards required for an OBC candidate to sit for the IIT exam?
Which school is the best in Nashik with 11th and 12th std. [state board]?
Can studying by reciting/trying to teach others a chapter and trying to link it with something else help me get better grades in high school?
Which subjects should one choose in standard 11 commerce?
After 12, what should I do to become a PCS officer with commerce subject?
Which course is better at Polytechnic?
Should I take long term coaching for AIIMS Delhi 2018?
How can I stop being bored at school, get interested and get better grades?
What is the schedule for students of different semesters in IISERK throughout the week? Are there classes on Saturday too?
How would you fix the American school system?
What are the IT skills needed for human resources? Is there any online free course available?
Do I stand a chance of doing a PhD from outside India? I have scored only 83.8% in class X, 59.4% in class XII & 60.25% in a BSc (1st class in botany).
Is it okay to avoid the ranking system in the public examinations?
I am in tenth class now. What is the secret to being good at math?
How many marks are increased in the moderation policy of the CBSE?
What grace marks are given in the CBSE board exams in 2017?
How can I solve [math]x+\cos(x)=a[/math] for [math]x[/math]? Is it possible at all?
Are your schools informed about Islam?
How does education help people?
How is the education system in Finland?
How should one face their ''relatives'' when one was unable to score even fair marks in 2 consecutive important exams?
Can I qualify for Vocational rehabilitation, if I already have a college degree? If so, which benefits can I qualify for?
When will the class 11 session start in 2017?
How can you break math?
What does moderating marks mean in ISC and CBSE?
Is the high school diploma itself important?
Can I do a BBA after 12th computer science (without accounts)?
If 4n+2n=24n+2n=24^n+2^n=2, what’s nnn?
What are the options available, other than MBBS, if I have taken pure science with computer in class 11 and 12 CBSE?
What are the greatest obstacles for diversity in higher education?
I have an irregular IB diploma without any sciences and I want to major in business. Does this affect my admissions anywhere?
Can I repeat 12th from CBSE to MP boards and change stream too?
What are some of the things that you did as part of the house system at your high school?
What is educational equality?
Are the B.Sc microbiology courses good in Amity University, Noida and Jaipur?
What is your advice regarding Personal Financial Security to teenagers just out of high school?
How do I get a government job easily after 12th science?
What are the technological trends in education?
Would it be difficult to give a chatbot personality traits based on a system like astrology, with 12 timers with different periods, and 12 values each?
What was your class 12 percentage, and has it helped you in any way?
What should I prefer to choose after completing my 12th bio-maths group?
Is an MBA good for BIPC students?
Other than Kota, Is there any better institute for science after 10th?
How can one do higher studies abroad?
In which year should we write 10th Board for CBSE?
The Delhi HC directed the CBSE to continue with the moderation policy this year. The ISC hasn't announced anything. Will the ISC keep moderation this year, too?
How difficult was PESSAT 2017?
What could the top percentile be of the Maharashtra state board 12th results?
Are you out at school? If so, what is it like? If not, why, and would you like to be?
What is a good high school resume maker?
Is there any reason to be for Betsy DeVos and her education plan? It's hard to find unbiased facts.
If I have gotten 105% and 107% on two Science tests, will they balance out my 95% and 99% and result in me passing the class with full marks?
Are grace marks helpful to every student?
Did anyone fail in the 12th board?
What is the difference between. Giving grace marks and not spiking marks in CBSE? I am really very confused.
Who serves his country more, a doctor or a teacher?
What should I say to my autistic male high school teacher?
What classes does a South Korean high school student need to study?
How can I make my timetable in 11th STD for 10 days?
What happens if you leave a child at school?
After completing class 12, what is the highest post in the police that I can get?
How can I get a new marksheet of the UP board in high school?
Can I get an education loan at 40 lakhs and without any collateral security for abroad undergraduate studies?
Is Terrence Tao's method for teaching analysis effective?
What are career option in mathematics after class 12?
When will the ISC result 2017 be out?
Should I commit to Architecture (UG) at Newcastle University or Financial Economics (UG) at the University of Kent?
How do I study organic chemistry with coaching?
Should I pursue psychology from Amity University Gurgaon?
Can students learn database management straightaway after their graduation from school?
How much will you pay for a tutor?
When will we see a Career Counselor in schools in Pakistan? When will the school's administration realized its true importance and significance?
Is there is any use of 12th standard board marks to join in the research​ field?
What are best basic/recommended books for maths for 12th PCM students?
What education is needed to become an embyrologist?
Which schools in Chennai gives seats for 80% for +1?
What should I do after my 10 ICSE apart from preparing for SAT?
What are the chances for ISC students in Tamilnadu?
Why do teachers that classes you failed, hate you? My math teacher despises me and I do not even have her as a teacher anymore.
What are some effective tips you could give for Physics and Math HL?
What should one do after the final year results have been declared for an undergraduate of the School of Open Learning? My results were declared in November 2016.
Can a person with commerce in class 12 become a dietitian?
Can a student study the 11th class science stream on his own, without going for any classes?
What do you think about Self Dabba’s statements of recent times by AP C. M. ChandraBabu?
Will NEET 2017 be reconducted due to the difficulty level of the papers being different?
Educators: What are some simple changes you have seen or experienced at your school district that had a major impact on student outcomes?
How do I prepare for RMO in class 10?
Is it necesarry to study 5 or 6 hours to gain good marks in class 12?
Are vegans in the USA more likely to be educated?
What are your tips for getting motivated to do homework?
What is the alternative to "The Tempest" drama for ISC 2019?
Which acting school in Mumbai do you suggest joining?
I attend Aakash coaching classes and as a result I get only about 3 hours for studying. Is NCERT syllabus enough for securing a seat in SRM/NIT?
Will moderation policy affect the results of CBSE 2017 coming on 24 May?
How can I score the max grades on exams on lessons that are hard do study?
What are some good schools offering A levels in Pune?
How can I pass my California C-10 exam?
How is the geospatial technology course at Manipal?
How did Mark Zuckerberg become successful without college education?
Are there any correlations between the NEET and AIIMS marks?
What's the best study method for high school that is effective and that doesn’t involve lots of reading?
Should I study in high school to get better grades by trying to lecture the material to someone else or should I create questions and answer them?
Which is the best reference book for 9th for every subject?
Is 60.10 a good score in NIFT?
If the teacher chooses 3 students, what is the probability that none of the three of them play soccer?
Why did you take a gap before college?
Is science a popular subject?
What is the last mark of an SC candidate who got into AIIMS for an MBBS in 2016?
Which topic is the best for demo class 11?
Can I write GATE after completing 12th?
So when is the final date for CBSE 12th board results?
Is BBA or civil better?
How can I get into climate change research after 12th class?
What is it like to study in MGIMO?
What is the confirmed date of the result of Maharashtra HSC Board 2017?
How can I become good at school and get better grades in high school? How should I study?
What's your take on experiential education? How do you think travel experiences can transform learning for kids?
Do questions get repeated in AIIMS?
Do you enjoy school?
What study method should I use in high school to study to get better grades and understand the material?
Which is the best maths book of class 8?
Should you teach methods/techniques/facts to people that you don't apply?
How should I use the studying method of teaching others to get better grades?
What is a BSMS course in India?
What subjects can we take in B.S.C to become an IFS officer?
Is Vanasthali good for my daughter in class six?
Why did all of the faculty of Vibrant Academy leave?
Is there any famous university from the UK or the US that provides online leadership classes and certificates?
Would you please provide the SEBI grade A exam syllabus?
What is an intellectually rigorous degree I can take?
If a person wants to become an astrophysicist, which field should he study after 12th standard in India?
Will CBSE won't scrap moderation policy this year?
How did Charlemagne's support of education benefit his kingdom?
In the United States of America, do you have to go to your highschool graduation to get your diploma?
Which college can a student get if he scores 152 marks in the AKTU PCM entrance exam?
Is IGCSE the new name for O Levels?
From where can I get +1 ISC paper?
How does the content in biology differ for a person who does a BSc in bio and physics from a person who does a BSc only in biology?
Does Global Shiksha, Edurite, etc., really help children in education?
What is the best way to prepare for my chemistry 10th board exam (I'll give it in 2018)?
When will the result of class 10th 2016-17 batch come?
Do you need to remember everything at all times in Math to advance?
Did you ever have a student or classmate who was legitimately terrifying?
Will only students of Delhi benefit from the moderation policy?
Why did you decide to put your child in a forest kindergarten?
Who is a a teacher?
What is the criteria to get an admission to the UG medical college after 12th CBSE?
How was CBSE's syllabus before 2008?
How do you like High School compared to Middle School?
If a student scores less than 60% in class 12th then can they continue to study B.Tech at KIIT University?
GGSIPU: Is there lenient checking for reappear exams?
There is no moderation this year for CBSE class 12. Only grace marks are being awarded. Won't it affect the Delhi students?
What is the most practical line of work with a 4-year degree in Translation and a TESOL Certification? Should I go back to school and practice?
Did you go to school late before?
Is the checking of the ISC Board exam going to be strict this year?
Is Sophia College for Women good for my daughter for class 11th if she wants to take arts or humanities?
Will the marks of CBSE students come down this year?
Why such policy is needed to compensate our evaluation of education?
Which units should 8th semester ECE VTU students study?
Can I make it to a decent engineering college in India without any interest in maths and science?
What subjects are to be chosen as electives during the VTU Electronics and Communication 7th Semester?
What should I do to study smart and get good grades rather than hard and getting bad grades?
I have a terrible math teacher, what resources can I use to help my grade?
What are the top 5 math topics high schoolers are scared of?
How does the high school where you go differ from your friends’ schools?
How do I get an IGNOU BPP solved assignment without any charges?
How does IB physics HL compare to AP physics and High school physics (USA)?
How can I understand maths, study it and get better grades in high school?
I got A1 in 3 subjects in class 9 and A1 in all subjects (internal) in class 10. How much marks should I get to get a 10 CGPA?
Do we fall into GNGND category if one has completed school in Noida but graduated from Delhi?
How can I learn (understand better) high school biology, chemistry, and math in 2 weeks?
What is the net worth of Study IQ Education owner Dr. Gaurav Garg, in crores if rupees?
Do students outside India refer to Indian books for math and science?
Is there any coaching after 10th for UPSC?
What are some suggestions for the last 10-15 days before the 2017 preliminary exams? How do I relax in order to deal with my anxiety and sleeplessness?
If I fail the 12th exam in 2017, can I be eligible for the IIT exam in 2018?
Can a change in educational policy solve most of India's problems?
How can I focus in class and stop making stupid jokes during class?
What are the implications of the high court order on stopping CBSE from removing the marks moderation scheme this year?
Can I fill the improvement form of class 12 in 2017 without wasting my year?
What does aggregate marks in RBI grade B exam mean? Does it include all or only main subjects?
How do I get most out of online learning?
Can I take any B.Com course in DU if I am from a commerce without maths stream?
Is Make School a college? If not, what is it?
In importance sampling, what is the difference between p(x)p(x) p(x)  and q(x)q(x) q(x) ?
Will the CBSE follow the Delhi HC order of not scrapping the moderation policy this year?
Which university should I choose for a BBA course- LPU, UPES or Amity Business School?
What scholarships are available for a student wanting to study for an UG qualification abroad?
Who has a class in school that actually feels like prison?
Should I put my English paper up for recalculation (Karnataka PU board)? I have been given 1 mark less than the maximum for the 4 and 6 mark questions.
What are the subjects for CBSE commerce?
What software can teaching assistants (PhD candidates or otherwise) use?
Can I decide that if I drop a year I will fully grab the basics of all subjects required for AIIMS Delhi 2018? I want to do MBBS from AIIMS Delhi only.
How is Omega Classes, Adarsh Nagar, Delhi for CBSE?
How do I know the syllabus and marks pattern of class 10?
What are some class 11 topics to study for NSEJS?
If came 15 minutes late to class, can a teacher refuse to teach me and leave 30 minutes early?
I attend Aakash coaching classes and as a result I get only 4 hours for studying. Is NCERT syllabus enough for securing a seat in VIT/SRM?
Is Arihant good for the 11th CBSE exam?
Is a moderation policy good or bad for a 12th CBSE student who can score around 75% on his own?
If 4^n+2^n=2, what’s [math]n[/math]?
Which book has easy methods for class 12?
Why can I focus at school but not at home?
What has the Modi government done to improve education in India?
What is the educational background of Tata Group’s new CFO, Sourabh Agarwal?
How are German school children taught about WWII?
Is it good to take mechatronics at the bachelor’s level (for undergraduate study)? Or should we take it at the master’s level?
I am moving from Mumbai, India to Dallas and I am a US citizen. Since I have done grade 11 in India, what documents are required and what is the procedure for admission into high school in the US?
What course can be taken after finishing computer science group in 12th in CBSE?
Is it really tough for a second year dropper to crack AIIMS?
Would it be hard for a student from Kerala to make friends at Amity University, Noida?
When will the results for Ishan Uday 2016-2017 be declared?
What does a school/district director of technology do?
What is the procedure to get an admission at Kendriya Vidyalaya for 11th standard ?
Why didn’t the CBSE decide to scrap the moderation policy before commencement of the 12th board session?
How many questions are asked in the MAT and SAT sections of NTSE West Bengal Stage I?
How do I concentrate on my education?
How important, would you say, going to college is?
What does it mean when someone learns better doing an online course rather than in a course taught by someone in person?
What can I learn from a high school chemistry course?
How can I absorb/learn the material while in class in high school?
During what year should I take the board 10th CBSE?
Can anyone will share the complete study material for the CAT?
Why do I take too much time to study one topic? How can I study efficiently?
How good are Mechanical Academy’s classes?
What is the best YouTube channel to prepare for CBSE class 12 (PCM)?
As a primary teacher in the UK, will I be paid more if I have a Master's degree instead of a Bachelor's?
As a teacher, in what way does media psychology help you to understand your students better?
How I should manage time in my ICSE board examination?
Are the MTG Foundation course class 10 books enough for a math and science Olympiad?
What happened to you when you finished highschool?
Which course should take after 10 std if I was intrested in drawing?
If you were a paraprofessional that had to sit in a class with mentally impaired students every day, what would you do?
The NEET this year was easier than before. Can we expect AIIMS to be simple, too, so that we can be mentally prepared to score more than last year?
Can a student with an Open University degree study abroad?
What should I know about being a freshman in high school? (I will be in 2 years, but still.) Is it initially rewarding, or always terrible?
When will the 12 CBSE results come out?
Should I go for the arts stream after class 12?
Can I get 90% in 12 after getting grace marks to 80%?
Are American business schools a lot better than British ones?
Is formal education the safest path to financial security?
Will CBSE pass the student in maths of class 10?
Do I need to take biology in class 12 if I wish to pursue a BPharm at ICT Mumbai?
Which is the best college for post graduation?
Should I study while watching TV as a teenager looking to get better grades?
Are 4 AS subjects (Biology, Chemistry, Maths, and English Language) sufficient to get into a university in the UK?
Is there any petition going on against CBSE's decision of scrapping it's moderation policy?
What should you do if you want to finish your university education but have no money, weak credit score, and poor grades from when you first attended?
Does [math]0.\bar9[/math] equal [math]1[/math]?
Is choosing UCMS, Delhi over AIIMS (other than Delhi) a wise decision?
If you were a teacher and you had to teach the high school version of yourself, what advice would you give her?
Can I get admission in any private college of greater Noida after passing out from NIOS?
Which subject stream should I take?
Is the reason high schools are called that because everyone gets high during this period in school?
How hard is it to teach coding?
Is it for sure that the CBSE class 12 results will be declared tomorrow?
Can I get a scholarship even if I had failing grades?
Which course is best to learn as a CASE student?
After completing 10th class, is there any entrance exam for Oxford University?
Which is the best career option after class 10? Which stream will provide me with more job opportunities?
What is the WWW in math?
Do I really need a teacher for learning math?
Is there a list of where I can get mock PRINCE2 Practitioner exam papers?
How do I file a case against CBSE to decrease the 75% criteria for NIT/IIT in 2017 as they will be giving less marks due to scrapping of moderation?
What are the best skills I should learn?
Can I crack the RBI Grade B exam in my 1st attempt?
What is the best effective way to study fast and for long retaining?
What will happen if CBSE moves to SC against moderation?
Is Amity University, Noida recognised by the Kerala bar council?
Do teachers teach Hindi and what is the medium of instructions in NLUs like NALSAR, NLUJ, NUJS, etc.? (I mean teaching, talking, speaking, etc.)
Is it possible to create a career in cricket after getting an education?
What options do I get if I choose art as a stream ahead?
What are the best books and sample papers for the class 12 boards exam to get above 90%?
Why are there so much celebrations after every 10th and 12th result even though all our knowledge is checked by entrances and interviews?
Why can't American colleges allow direct entry to medical school at age 18 like the rest of the world? Wouldn't this be more cost-effective?
For which rank of EMCET does a BIPC student get free seats in any course?
Should I choose banking, maths, or secretarial practices in my class 11 commerce stream?
Is research possible after class 12?
How can children in school support technology growth?
How can I not give up from studying in high school and just get better grades?
How can I make my class 11 physics strong for medical entrance exams?
When will the CBSE class 12 results be published?
What can schools do for student’s intellectual development?
Where is the best education in the US or in Russia?
How is Sushila Birla Girls' School in Kolkota?
How much percentage in SSLC (Matric) is considered to be in first class?
Are you an ex-student from SM BATHA High School in Panchgani?
What are the minimum marks for AIIMS?
Will there be a board moderation policy in the academic year of 2018?
Is my 12 class percentage very important for my future career?
What's life like after high school?
Why aren't many young educated people in India leaning towards bettering their political scenario or not participating in it to bring out a change?
What online graduate school is cheaper for a doctoral course?
What advice would you give to a freshman in high school who is starting to become exposed to more and more of today's world?
Will the ISC board give grace marks now, after the HC order?
Will CISCE also declare results after moderation of marks like CBSE this year?
Is there any website that provides the proof of various math and physics formulas? I am currently in class 10th.
How do I study for the CBSE business studies paper for class 12?
What are your views on the recent CBSE board results, in which Delhi's government schools have performed better than private ones?
As an RBI Grade B officer, do you get a chance to do public service, like in civil services?
Can you statistically prove that board results don't matter in India?
Has Amity ever accepted a student who failed 12th board?
How do I manage and study both the 12th public exam as well as the NEET exam?
What is the most difficult class you've ever taken?
Which stream you chose in 11th and what was your percentage in 9th and 10th?
How is the BBA course at Bennet University?
Do we have to pass out from class 10 first to appear for the ASAT Nurture course at ALLEN?
How can one do complex math problems in one's head?
How many exams will there be for class 11 in the CBSE 2017-18 academic session?
What type of maths is included in economics?
What should I do to stop talking in class, stop making friends, and just focus on learning in high school?
How can I get my 12th class marksheet after 2 years gap?
How will the modern no grace marks policy of the CBSE affect the students taking exams in 2018?
How will the Delhi high courts order for the moderation policy to be implemented now, when all class 12 CBSE papers have already been checked?
Which is the best course after 12 in medical, for good placements abroad?
What are some elite boarding secondary schools in the US and UK with decent to good swimming programs?
How do you cope with teachers insulting you?
Which one is better - BBA or 3 continent BBA from Amity Noida?
Is upgradation continuing this year (2016-2017) in class X?
What are the best books for Phase 2 of RBI B Grade Exam?
Does a premium B School tag really make a difference?
Where can I study renewable energy courses abroad? Are there any scholarships available for it?
Where can I get NCERT 11th class books at a discounted price in Gurgaon?
What is [math]\text{ }[/math][math]5[/math] times [math]\frac{1}{4}[/math]?
As entreprenuership becomes more popular and education of entreprenuers becomes more widespread, do you think a well defined career path will emerge?
Were all IITians topper in class 10?
How should I study and what study method should I use to become like Einstein as a teenager?
What is the expected date for ICSE results for class 10?
How is Amity University Noida for fashion communication?
What are the global trends in education today?
How do I suggest a course for a weak student after intermediate?
What is the "one year graduation" of IGNOU? I'm a bachelor in science college dropout. Can I opt for this one-year course?
What are the best and worst things in an American high school (in terms of people and experience as opposed to work)?
Should School superintendents be elected officials?
What is the standard for the questions on the PGET in CSE at MAKAUT? And where can I find sample question papers for the same?
What are some interesting topics for my class 11 physics project?
Are my parents making the right decision by having me move high schools for junior year?
Which subject is easy, and which is tough in BITS 2017?
Do board marks matter for symbiosis?
Why is money more important than education?
How do I search for an anchor script for a school assembly?
Why is it considered disrespectful to not attend classes you do not want to go to?
How can I score 90 marks in MP board English class 12th?
When is the Bihar Board 12th Science result likely to be declared?
What things are taught in ECE and what practical things will I be able to make after the course?
How many of you have been a victim of loneliness in high school and college?
Is a 276 score in NWEA Mathematics good for a 7th grader?
Should I take computer science or biology in 11 for science?
On what aspects is education in foreign schools better than Indian schools?
Will there be any effect on my marks in class 12 due to the moderation policy?
Do other ethnic minority groups get jealous over Jewish and East Asian immigrants because of their wealth and education status?
How do I find the best study material for CLAT on the internet?
How many Udemy courses can I enrol to via coupon?
What should I do? I am a 12th class student and I have got an opportunity to work in TV serials?
How will the Delhi High Court’s verdict regarding the moderation policy, affect the ICSE and ISC results?
Should I stop gaming to get better grades in school and study more or should I keep gaming as a teen?
How can one get a 90+ score in the CBSE board exams of 2017-2018?
Is a bachelor's degree enough these days?
What marks does one have to score in each subject to get 90% in 12th board?
How can I get good study skills and improve my grades in high school?
Is high school like middle school?
Is it compulsory to study maths in plus 2 for a BCA?
What we can do after learning accounts commerce in 12th?
Can CBSE go against the order of Delhi HC?
What are the educational options after 10th for a brilliant student?
In CBSE schools, what is the difference between a Hindi A and a Hindi B course?
What is your advice to a student who is willing to leave university and start studying online?
What is the best way to study effectively for excellent performance in high school?
Are there any NGO’s in Lucknow working on Children's Education?
Can I appear for NEET 2018 if I failed in one subject in the CBSE board in 2017 but passed it later in the compartment exam?
How many mark is require for a SC student to get a seat in AIIMS Delhi?
When will KV’s process admission in class 9, I mean within how many days after declaration of the tenth result?
How many colleges, universities and institutions in India offer a degree in psychology? Which one is the best among them?
What are the misconceptions of Christian education?
How does one get revenge on teachers after graduation?
Should college education be free?
What should one do in the time gap when school ends and college is yet to start?
Can we write JEE Mains in 11th grade?
Can anyone get admission to Bangalore University, after passing 12th from NIOS?
Why did you choose to enroll your child in private school?
How many marks are required on the KCET for the veterinary subject?
Is the dropper course of Prerna Classes good?
Which 5 subjects are selected in class 11 and 12 in the arts department?
What are some widely used learning management software in Saudi Arabian schools and universities?
Is Amity admission for B.Tech open in July too?
Have you ever challenged a grade you thought was too high?
Should I join Aakash in class 9 if I am willing to take medical?
What are the things to look out for before selecting a preschool for your children?
What is the process for admission to AIIMS colleges?
Do you know anyone who wasted class 11th but studied a lot in class 12th and got selected in IIT?
How do I download solutions of class 12 KC mathematics?
How will the delay in CBSE results affect college admissions?
What can I do after class 12 in commerce (CEBA)?
Wat could be a unique idea for my biology investigatory project in class 12?
Is studying especially important in high school?
What are the approximate minimum marks to get a seat in any of the AIIMs?
Will 2018 12th class students suffer due to the moderation policy?
Are there any options to pursue higher education in data science while working in TCS?
Why does SSC not allow fresh registration of candidates who registered for a previous exam?
Why should I get a liberal arts education coupled with a maths major?
How will the class 10, class 12, and graduation percentages affect my CAT and GRE percentile?
Do many American students go to Europe for higher education because it is cheaper? What is your experience?
How can I solve x+cos(x)=ax+cos⁡(x)=ax+\cos(x)=a for xxx? Is it possible at all?
What should we do to pass 10th and get into medical science?
How should I start preparing for the GATE, and in which order should I study the subjects? I need to make a schedule based on the importance of each subject.
Should I study by takin notes and lecturing, making questions out of subheadings or by using flashcards to get better grades in high school?
Is the ICSE or the CBSE best for the NEET?
How can I become a priest in future?
How relevant is the 2017 syllabus of ISC with that of CBSE?
Can Indian parents get jailed if they force their kids into engineering and medical?
Is distance mode education fruitful for gov. jobs?
How do I learn all of the high school chemistry, biology and math in 2 weeks?
I will take Algebra 2 HN in 10th grade. Am I behind as an engineering school candidate? What's your suggestions?
Is it possible to know how much grace marks you've got in class 12 CBSE board?
IGCSE Students: Are you finding the 2017 May/June examinations harder than most past papers?
What is continuing professional education in CPA?
Can I do BCOM or BBM without doing commerce as a PU student?
What are some of the best online law school programs?
What are the best universities for a B.Tech quality education irrespective of placement records?
How many modules do you need to develop educational institution management software?
How do I study H2 Chemistry?
Where can I download RD Sharma’s book free for class 12?
Do we come to know AIIMS marks immediately after exams?
How do I hide my CBSE class 12 boards results from others?
Is there any book or online course available to understand economics?
When will the 2017 Class 12 HSC result be declared?
Which is the best career to select after the 12th class for a girl who lives in Nepal?
Which is the best book of Accountancy and Commerce for ISC board class 11?
What is a good course in polytechnic?
My school is meant for smart kids, I generally get As and Bs, but I have 2 Cs. Is that bad? Is a C even a passing grade? What will other schools say?
What are the difficulties students face since they don’t have an ask and answer website in their college to clear their doubts about their academics?
Do high marks scorers also get grace marks in the CBSE moderation policy?
Is there a GST exemption for the employees of private coaching tuitions for entrance examinations (for both non teaching and teaching staff)?
Did anyone got into MBBS after scoring 40% or 50% in 12th?
Can we change our stream in 12?
How can I pass the JAIIB within 15 days?
Are MTG Foundation course class 10 books enough for the math and science portion of exams like the NTSE and other scholarship exams?
Is a rank of 329 (AIR) good enough for NCHMCT? Can I get an educational loan? If yes, then how much? What college preferences should I make?
For which course can I apply to complete my post graduation? I did my under graduation in electronics honors.
Why my English teacher told not to study from English trainers in ACL?
What's the difference between regular schooling and homeschooling?
Is the GOAL Institute in Patna better than the Aakash Institute?
Have you successfully cheated in an GCSE or A-level exam? If so, how?
What is the best guide book for CBSE for science?
Is CBSE playing with our future?
How does a failed candidate check their marks on the CDSE exam?
I have scored 110 marks by solving AIIMS 2014 paper what are the chances that I can perform well in AIIMS 2017?
What are the major qualifications to work in a restaurant after class 12?
Is there a moderation policy in the CBSE board result 2017?
Which college is the better choice for a BBA: NDIM or JIMS Sector-3?
Which subjects are compulsory, and which are optional, for the CBSE class 11 commerce stream?
Which countries have the most effective family planning education for school-aged children?
What is a certificate number in the 10th class mark sheet in HBSE?
How do I start a play group school in India?
Is it advisable to take ECE if I am not good at physics?
I study German in one group with Arabs and Syrians. The teacher is a Jew. She is often rude. I am not allowed to change the group. Is there a way out?
In the improvement exams, do they calculate the best marks, or use the whole year’s marks?
What do you do when a teacher hates you?
How do you prepare for IIT from Class 8 without going for coaching classes?
What are the basic education qualifications required to get admission into an agriculture college?
Which is the best university in the world in which to study Indian history?
Can a science student pursue law after class 12? If so, what steps should one take to get into a reputable law school?
What does a class 12 marksheet look like?
Will I qualify for the Advanced 2017 if I get only 8 marks in physics (paper 1 and 2) and 65 each in math and chemistry?
What is it like to commute to school in NY everyday?
How do I get help with math problems online?
After graduating high school in Canada, I have to go back to Singapore for 2 years. What will my university entry/application process look like then?
How is the EPIM course of the BSE Institute? Is it worth it for a salaried professional?
Does ISC declare results on weekends?
How was the ICSE board exam?
Why have an educational institutions become a money-making business? There is no quality.
Do kindergarten and 6th grade teachers earn differently in salary?
When will CBSE class 12 result come after the order from HC regarding the moderation policy?
My actual name is T. Sravan Kumar in my 10th and 12th it is T. Shravan Kumar, I have recorrected by the guzzete officer, will it be a prblm in PP?
Should I take regular classes to boost my GPA or should I still take AP/honors classes?
How does examiner gives marks in engineering?
What do you plan on doing after high school?
What are the best books for science students in class 11?
Why education is going costly day by day?
What should you do when you don't recieve an award that you are supposed to get?
What is the best option for becoming a CA after 12th class?
In the ICSE 2017 in mathematics, I drew the wrong number line. How many marks will be deducted?
How can I stop procrastinating and just study and get better grades?
How do I select a good colllege after 12?
What do Muslim students do if they participate in food and beverage courses?
Is it really tough for a second year dropper to crack AIIMS-Delhi 2017?
Should I do BITS previous years for AIIMS? Will that be helpful? Are questions repeated in AIIMS from BITS?
How do I devote equal time to each subject while preparing for JEE?
Where can I check my HS results on WB board?
Which is more important in finding a job, education or experience?
What's the most important part of the application of universities?
What makes a school both fun and excellent? What steps or considerations should I have?
Which matters more, knowledge or experience?
When will the Karnataka CET results be announced?
What is the meaning of drama and theatre in education?
How do I prepare for the AIIMS exam that is 13 months from now?
Which countries teach their students “positive attitude/thinking” in schools, and which don’t?
What​ is IIT? What should we study in intermediate for betterment?
How can I set a daily routine for physics, chemistry and maths for 6 hours?
From a GPA perspective, what is the value of the Honors courses as opposed to the AP courses?
I am interested in computer science, which are the different courses available after 12 in India?
Would anyone take an online course about all the tools needed to create online courses?
Is there any thing like an MBA in nanotechnology?
Is there a way for me to earn a sort of exemption, or otherwise get out of taking a core high school class in Louisiana, US?
What was one of your closest calls in high school?
Why are school clubs the worst?
Which is better after 12th class, a diploma or a B.Tech?
In Mumbai University’s engineering program, if I take a golden subject and the passing marks are 24, will I get some grace marks? How many?
Most of the toppers of AIIMS recommend NCERT. Is that really enough for 2017?
Can we join a medical course after doing 12th in a non-medical PSEB?
What are some good books that teach practical approaches and methods for sizing a market?
How much easier is CBSE 12 than ICSE?
I am going to fail in my 12 board exams. How do I deal wIth it?
What are the best short time courses after HSC (science)?
Do classes begin at Christ University immediately after orientation?
Can I get admission in Amity BBA?
Do students from Amity Lucknow have to go to their other branches for placements?
Don’t our politicians and administrators have that much guts to send their children to government schools?
How should I study and what study technique should I use to improve all of my grades in high school?
What are the competitive exams that I can give in class 11th?
Can you gain a well rounded education surfing and reading the web?
How is Amity university Noida for studying B pharm?
What subjects are included in the merit for science and math stream students?
What is Gordon Miller's educational qualification?
How do I get admission in na engineering college after getting bad marks in class 12?
Is plus 1 and plus 2 maths taught as a bridge course in CSE spec. in bioinformatics at VIT? Or is it just plus 2 maths?
What is CBSE correspondence?
What are the best reference books in class 11 science stream?
With marks of 120, what rank will one get in the AIIMS?
Is it true that Maharashtra HSC results are releasing tomorrow (25/05/2017)? And how are you feeling?
What whould you do if a student didn't want to go home?
How do I download simplified physics class 9th by Dinesh & Co. for free?
When will the IP BBA results be announced?
Can a school prevent a student from taking an AP course?
How do people decide which college to attend?
How can I grasp concepts fast and get good grades in high school?
What was score of het Shah in AIIMS 2016?
What are the physical and email addresses of the director of Amity University in Noida?
What do you think about subjectivity?
Should I submit fees first and then get an educational loan?
Are there cliques in your high school?
How good of grades do I need for grad school in math or physics?
How should I study in the 7th class in order to clear the JEE?
How can I motivate myself to study in university?
How do I get admission into the Navy after 10th?
Is it possible to clear the full syllabus of the CBSE class 11th and 12th in just 6 months?
What is meant by self-education?
How will the moderation policy of the CBSE 2017 help a good and hard working student?
Why don't young people like watching the educational programs today?
How much does American education cost per person?
Which is the better pilot school in Haryana, Uttar Pradesh or Delhi? What marks are required in 12 class to get admission in that school?
Does board percentage matter in AIIMS?
Do you feel that this high school year has been going by quickly or slowly?
What are some tips you would like to give while attempting AIIMS paper?
Is gender-segregated education better than coeducation?
Can one do maths in 3 months in class 12 if one hasn’t touched the maths book yet?
Should I study by taking notes and trying to teach the notes/lecture them or by reading a textbook and lecture at the same time to get better grades?
Do you attend school in Manhasset, New York?
What all gets included in determining the moderation of marks? Is it all about passing or something else?
How can I prepare for the resonance CTs so I can score good marks and get into the A1 batch?
Have I lost my chance of getting an A grade on my English paper?
What big advancements in maths have happened since 2000?
Is it too late to change myself and start getting straight A's in high school if I am 15?
What subject should I choose after 10th for banking?
What suggestions will you give to schools to develop their potentials?
Is it okay to not be in an elite school in Singapore?
How do I prepare for NEET in class 12th?
How do I use flash cards for maths to understand concepts or should I try to self explain it to myself in high school?
Why is it elitist in Singapore for those with a higher (or more prestigious) educational attainment to disparage those without?
What are the books recommended to crack AIIMS other than NCERT and Allen modules?
When will the IIM IPMAT 2017 result be declared?
Is it good or bad to marry your female teacher? And why?
Will the TN syllabus change affect the NEET in 2018?
Which are the best CBSE colleges for PCM in Bangalore?
Which is the best institution after the 10th board?
What's the American grading system like?
How much is the counselling fees at Manipal institute of technology?
What are the best ways to earn even before you finish your graduation?
What are the differences between Army Public Schools and Sainik Schools in terms of discipline, army culture and general timetable?
What are some valuable important points for solving case studies of business studies for class 12th CBSE?
How was your high school experience? Can you tell me your high school experience?
What are the career options after 12th class PCMB in science?
Can we start college before completing the 2nd PUC supplementary exam?
How do I manage my time for 12th board CBSE as well as for SAT and IELTS?
Which syllabus is best iCSE, CBSE, or state for NEET?
I want to study biology of aging. What should I study for Bachelor?
Do any college of AIIMS provide BHMS?
What is the minimum percentage in the Maharastra board in 2018 to be in the top 20th percentile?
Should I go to LPU? Is the education and placement good there?
How is IIEST Shibpur as an institute of engineering?
Where can I download RD Sharma for class 12 as a PDF for free?
Is the reservation policy in the education sector helpful for the development of the country?
What is the education qualification needed to apply for the Dell Company?
How do prestigious educational institutes in India show the relation between student's socioeconomic background and their selection in institution?
How useful is a Udemy online business course in the UK?
Can I apply for admission to DU after class 12? I am currently in class 10.
What is more important: knowledge or effort?
When will the 12th HSC 2017 results be out?
Can I crack the NTSE exam by studying the state board book and finding information on the internet?
What do I need to do for architecture after 10?
What is the best course to take when you have scored 60% in 12th?
What is the best way to finish high school as a freshmen?
What is the difference between people teaching "how to make money" and me teaching "how not to lose money"?
How do I free download Simplified Physics 9th Class by Dinesh & co.?
Does the training provided by tech companies to freshers indicate that the Indian education system is of poor quality?
Does NIFT centre really matter?
How many marks are required for CPT?
When will the CBSE 12 2017 result be out?
Which is the best online resource for class 10th students who are weak in languages?
What is the current problem of CBSE with not publishing 12th results 2017?
What are the online DELE preparation courses available for less than 200 euros?
What is the best stream in WBUT?
What is the new date of CBSE class 12 result 2017? Has any information regarding that issued by the board?
What is a D.El.Ed course, and what are some private colleges?
Which is the best job immediately after 12th commerce in India?
What makes education without philosophy?
What degree is better to do after intermediate?
Should I summarise the chapters from my book to study and get better grades in high school?
Less than a month is left for the CPT exam. How should I study to score above 160?
What is the group​ code for CBSE 12th?
How do I ask my former teachers if they have any students I can tutor over the summer?
What makes nationalism a false philosophy in education?
What was the reaction of your parents after your 12th class results? How did you tackle your relatives?
Is 3.3 a good GPA for the first semester of the first year with 10 credits, and do schools like Harvard, Princeton, etc., consider the grades of the first year?
If a marksheet is wrongly printed at Madras University, how does one rectify it and get a new marksheet?
Does your class 12 percentage matter in MBA placements? I got 72% in both class 12 and college, and 88% in class 10. Will I have issues with getting shortlisted for summer internships?
What were Vaibhav Tulsyan’s first year marks? We have the SGPA system now, so is 8.84 good?
Which is the best book for the learning basics of programming? I have just completed C++ up to the class 12 level for the CBSE boards?
Are maths or CMS compulsory for the commerce stream?
Who's the worst/best teacher you had in high school?
Checking of 12 CBSE copies 2017, will it be tough
When is the 12 STD 2017?
How is the Trichy School’s CONCEPTREE program? What are the fee levels?
How do I prepare for CAT after taking 11th Commerce?
Why should one study banking?
Is CBSE improvement exam for 12th worth taking? What is the level of checking there? Is there any scope for success?
Are there any fine art Indian students on Quora? Can anyone share some effective and economical ways to pursue fine arts in Delhi?
Which institute in India is best for mass communications after 12th?
What were your biggest learning while learning from and exploring the concept of spirituality with your teachers?
How difficult will it be for a student to score 85%-95%, after the changed policy of providing grace marks?
Can one repeat class 11 and 12 while simultaneously doing BA with it?
How do I prepare in the last minute for exams?
Which university is best in the Philippines for medical education?
Are there any competitive math exams that a first year engineering student can take?
Why do teachers teach 25% and ask students to look up for 75% and still ask less than 25% in exams?
Can I opt for B.Pharma by choosing math as a major subject in BITSAT?
Is admission to a UG course on a donation basis good?
Is the ICSE 2019 syllabus changing?
What if school was a reality competition show?
How do I become a CBI officer after 12?
How many people failed in the 10 CBSE board exam in 2016?
What is the relationship between philosophy of life and education?
Has the CBSE ever declared their results twice, once before there was less inflation of the marks and once after there was more inflation of the marks?
Which are the best books for accountancy class 12?
How can I get a 10 CGPA in 10 class?
Is it okay for a teacher to shove me in the head?
Where does one write the AP exam?
What are examples of core teaching strategies?
Demotivated by not scoring good marks in practice tests. In the last 20 days, how can one score best? What should be done to make the year’s efforts worth?
Will CBSE moderation grant equal grace marks in subjects like chem, bio as it does in maths? (Like in maths people getting 77 can be spiked to 93)
Is history a tough subject after 10th?
What is the difference between a BBA and a BBA (IB)?
Should we follow the CBSE syllabus or state board syllabus for the SSN entrance test?
What are the interesting topics in commerce class 11?
What is a good reference book for 11th CBSE?
What are the actual rights guaranteed to a US high school student?
What is   \text{ }555 times 1414\frac{1}{4}?
What is it like to go to school in New York?
How does teacher check a paper when half a page is empty?
Where all are CONCEPTREE Learning centres offering residential NEET programs (XI and XII)?
Does Brilliant help people master undergrad maths?
Will the ICSE 2017 results be declared by May 31st?
How can I prepare to succeed in 9th grade?
Where should I study from for the CIMA professional gateway exam? Is the institute's study material sufficient?
In state board, is English core elective or functional?
Have you ever experienced failure as an elementary school classroom teacher? What did you learn from it?
What is the reason behind Roman Saini's decision to give away free education in place of free medical treatment?
How does the public school system work in Mozambique?
Are the cutoffs of DU for the overall percentage of students or for a particular subject?
Why do we still make a big deal out of high school graduation?
How are grace marks given in CA exams?
Why is school mandatory in the U.S.?
What are some abroad universities that accept NIOS?
What is AP intermediate?
When applying for colleges, what are the other options to show leadership besides becoming an officer at school clubs?
What subject should I choose for a BBA?
Where can you study for free in Canada and pay after graduating?
Is question number 10 of the JEE Advanced 2017 Paper 1 similar to one of the physics questions asked in the WBJEE 2014 exam?
How do I decline a call on WhatsApp?
What should one do a day before of 10 class result?
Do you guys think that education can abolish terrorism?
Is the Caribbean Advanced Proficiency Examinations eligible for direct entry into an undergraduate degree course in Germany?
In which subject can we get moderation in CBSE class 12 2017 examination?
How do I become a drawing teacher?
How many students pass out in SRM Business School?
What is the state of language education like in Serbia?
Are bikes allowed at Manipal Institute of Technology?
Where can I get best tuitions for arts subjects in Kolkata?
Does Nalanda University in Bihar still have good education?
Do you have any idea on product concepts for education?
What was the NTSE syllabus in Karnataka 2016?
How many students passes IMUCET every year?
Why do schools need music programs?
How should one regularly review the syllabus for class 11 in class 12 to prepare for the NEET and the AIIMS in 2018?
What will be the effect of the CBSE’s new policy on strict checking of average students who were earlier expecting between 55-75 percentages?
What should I learn after passing high school to get admission into MIT?
How much mark should I score to get selected in AIIMS?
What course should I choose after 12 biology to joining in NASA?
What do people think about the Vietnamese education system?
How many days does the FIITJEE take to allot new batches to the students after the reshuffling test?
What is the cost of home schooling and how is it carried out?
Who is a school teacher?
How do I become a great student again, get good grades in high school and stop being a procrastinator?
Where can I find free online courses in quantum physics and Italian language with (free or not) certificate?
Should we teach everything early?
How can I score the max grades in exams on lessons that are hard to study?
What's a good way to remember study designs?
Is it worth spending money on IT-related higher education in a foreign university for an Indian now?
How can I cope with leaving teachers?
Do I need to study 11th and 12th mathematics for GATE?
How do I secure 95%+ in 10th boards exam in CBSE? I am an average student scored 10th CGPA in my 9th. What are the ways throgh which I can prepare?
What classes and extracurriculars will help me be prepared for engineering?
Do you think a CFA will provide better investment advice, or is their advice no better than that provided with no education?
What will be the best university choice for me?
When will the 12th CBSE results be announced?
Should schools teach people how to allow their views to be challenged?
What are the minimum marks needed to get into AIIMS for general category?
What are your thoughts about moderation on class 12 marks?
If a person gets 70% marks, up to what extent can his marks be increased by moderation? Is it possible that he can get an 80 plus?
Is there any free hacking courses available (standard courses)?
As a high school student who's passionate about AI, how can I start learning it?
What percentage of the time do you actually pay attention in a class?
Do middle school teachers have a right to give the student a hard time in a classroom if they struggle to learn?
Who can earn more as an RBI grade B?
Will the CBSE give grace marks in the exam for class 12 chem 2017?
Which sites are useful to study for UGC NET?
Should I get grace marks if I’m getting 80 marks in any subject?
How should the education system work?
Do we have to learn the AIIMS password for an exam or will it be provided?
What are the flaws of the current education system?
Why do those educated with jobs have difficulty escaping homelessness?
If everyone with 10 CGPA is 95 % then how do you rank students in 10th CBSE exam?
Do guys prefer dating girls that have a higher education than themselves as much as girls prefer dating someone that has a higher education than theirs?
How does school work in Uganda?
What are the prerequisites to start a primary school and how does one get CBSE affiliation?
What should be the study plan for the RBI Grade B officer exam in 2018?
When will the ISC board results come out for 2017?
When will the Maharashtra HSC 2017 results be declared?
What is the best course to take when you have get 60% in 12th (science)?
How can we teach innovation?
Is archaeology a science or arts subject?
What is an easy way of teaching maths to primary school kids?
What's the best way to balance 7 hours of school, 3 hours of homework, sports, and video games?
Should you change schools if you feel your school is not good enough for you?
Which is the best dummy school based on CBSE in Jabalpur?
Can someone get into a good college affiliated with Delhi University with a 90% in board exams?
Which subject would be better for doing graduation economics or statistics if I am interested in doing higher education and my maths is pretty good?
What is the best novel for a school student?
How many are frustrated with CBSE's behavior?
Why isn't European history a part of Indian education system?
As of yesterday, Delhi HC asked CBSE not to scrap the moderation policy. To what extent can marks be given for PCM subjects?
What is the best way to study year-round for a junior taking multiple AP classes, and in a way that can spare time for excessive homework?
What do you think about teachers who validate students based on marks?
How do I calculate the aggregate percentage in a BSc for RBI Grade B examination?
Can you teach yourself to be more witty?
Can I get admission in any college for a BSc with 12% in 12th class?
What should I do to become a great student in high school again and get better grades?
Can I redeem myself in my junior year after having bad grades in sophomore year?
What are some maths be tricks for high school?
Have you ever thought of a creative school?
Why are NCERT books preferred for higher classes?
If you could create a new school subject and teach it yourself, what would it be?
Is the topic "determination of contents of cold drinks" good for my class 12 investigatory project?
What would you do better to improve the high school experience?
What is the use of maths for a medical student in India?
Are 6th-12th Science NCERTS worth reading? Most S and T questions are from current affairs.
What study method should I use to be efficient, not spend as much time studying and get better grades in high school?
What is 4D in physics in the easy way of class 11?
How do I study in 1st year engineering?
What is the best advice about Finance to give to a new high school graduate?
What habits or strategies can a BME student develop to help with getting good grades?
What is the impact of CBSE delaying exam results on students getting admission in TN colleges via counselling?
Are you interested in AP ideas?
Is 82% a bad score on the CBSE Class 12 if I plan on doing a CPL?
What apps are helpful for students?
I have six subjects in CBSE class 12 so how should I determine the overall percentage?
What best place for studying painting and cinema?
What should a 12th pass candidate know before starting his undergrad in CSE?
Is it important to have maths in 12th if I want to do BA honours (English)?
Is there any difference in VMC premium correspondence if one applies online for the course?
When taking notes to study in high school, should I just take them once and read them, or should I take notes everytime I read to study?
When are the 2017 Maharashtra state Board 12th results going to be released?
How are grace marks alloted to the students of CBSE after the HC order?
What is the last-moment strategy for AIIMS?
What will happen to the CBSE board result now that the high court has rejected its appeal for moderation?
How can I become a workaholic and studyaholic and get better grades in high school?
What I can do after 12th for PCM and economics?
What do professors think of students who accept past quizzes/exams from upperclassmen who recently took their class? Is it good/bad learning approach?
How do I find members to form a band in high school when I don't know anyone?
What is a good idea for a school commercial project (grade 8)?
How would you handle educational ethics in today's complex situation?
Are there any opportunities other than treating patients after completing PG studies in medicine?
How will CBSE give marks now after the High Court's decision regarding the marks moderation policy?
What percentage of high school students read the assigned texts?
Can I get my mark sheet number when the CBSE results are released?
How much scholarship does an ST student get in AIIMS?
Why is it required for a student to learn stuff in school for long years which has no application in reality?
Do you think that going to college to be a doctor is really worth all the training and years that it actually takes to become one?
What is being a student at Dreyfoos School of the Arts like?
When should I take the SAT exam?
Which college can I join if my class 12 percentage is 60%? I am a PCB student.
Can someone share class 11th commerce notes?
Should I take language classes until full literacy or professional reading/writing?
How do I to get my dual enrollment teachers to write me glowing letters of recommendations for Ivies and similar college applications?
What was the lowest score last year to get into AIIMS Delhi?
Should I study by taking notes from my textbook and then trying to teach someone through those notes to get better grades in high school?
How can technology enhance learning?
Can you grow high grade marijuana from low grade seeds?
What is the effect of the high court’s decision on the CBSE class 12 results?
What type of education system, curriculum, pedagogy, and possibilities would you like to have?
Will I pass the 12th class if I have written all nonsense?
What do you do when you get bad grade in school?
Which course should I choose after 12th, BBA, BBM or BBS?
How many grace marks are in KCET 2017?
Who will conduct the NEET 2018, the CBSE or any other committee?
What are you taking for your GCSE?
How difficult is getting good marks in GATE exam?
What is your opinion about school life?
What are the maximum marks that can be obtained in RRB NPTC?
Should Mathematics in secondary schools be compulsory?
Which marks will be added in class 12th if we can take improvement exams in class 12th?
Is there any course in BSC related to CNC course?
Which programme and in which college/varsity should I pursue after class 12 which offers me a wide variety of subjects to learn?
Should 2017, 12th board students also enter their qualifying marks in Karnataka CET before the announcement of the results?
Is there really any point of going to college, when there's so much more easily accessible information on the internet?
Is ordinary education more important than skill?
What is the meaning of sequence number and class in flight boarding pass?
Is a 5 year integrated engineering course a better one?
What is the difference between junior college and higher secondary school?
What would you like to say to a 12th class student whose result is to be declared tomorrow?
What was your percentage in class 11 as a PCM student?
Are there any people on Quora who are pro school choice and well versed in the topic?
How can I score a 98% in commerce on the CBSE Class 12 exam with math?
Does Amity University provide 50% scholarships on the basis of 12th results?
Are many students going to fail in CBSE this year?
What are the tricks to get the highest marks in English subject in my approaching +2 class?
What is the importance of a student council at a school?
Will we get moderation marks in the CBSE maths board exam in 2017?
How will CBSE implement moderation policy again if paper has been already checked?
What is the process of changing your name in India after 12th standard?
What are the benefits of an environmental education program?
Can I turn from science stream to commerce stream after passing 12th?
What are the current teaching methodologies in geography?
In what college would I get direct admission into a B.Tech with 61.5% in 12th class?
In 12th class if I fail in 2 subjects then what should I do?
What will happen to class 12 students after the Delhi HC decision, and how will the CBSE moderate by delaying results?
What is more important when it comes to university admission, good grades in an AP class or a good score on the AP test?
Do you think more needs to be done in your country to make sure that school kids and working people are able to enjoy their weekend?
Can somebody suggest colleges that offer courses in archeology?
Can I become a CA after completing class 12 in computer science?
Will the ICSE also take back its “no moderation” policy after the decision of the high court?
What are the best exams after​ computer​ sci.?
What could be the best chemistry project for class 12 that could be made innovative using some samples of various mentioned articles?
I completed my 12th class in 2012, what is the best course and programme for me to pursue?
Will doing boarding in Kota be better for class 11 and further for IIT?
Can I get exemption on a law paper if I get marks above 60 in law and zero marks in the rest of my three papers, i.e. accounts, SFM and audit?
What is the difference between biotechnology and biomedical engineering? How do I opt these after class 12? I am a PCM student.
Is it the school's fault that students cheat?
Do 10th grade marks really matter in life?
When are the 10th class standard results expected?
What is cram school?
What are options for a career after 12th for a medical student?
Who was your craziest / most interesting teacher?
What is the difference between grace marks and the spiking of marks? This is the decision taken by the HRD Minister for CBSE 2017.
What sort of education do most Google employees get?
What are some books that I can get for more knowledge in class 11 for an arts stream?
How do you know when you study hard?
What are the optional and compulsary subjects in 11th CBSE with PCB?
Is there any change in the marking scheme in cCBSE2017?
What was your first thought when you finished writing your HSC (Grade 12 Board Exams)?
Why is CBSE creating so much confusion? Will grace marks and moderation policy continue or not?
My score in Allen CBT for AIIMS 2017 is 100. Will I be able to score more in actual exams?
Do Palestinians really teach their kids in schools to hate Israelis?
Is there any pre-closure charge for an education loan in IOB in India?
What is the best useful guide for class 10 CBSE mathematics?
Which course should I choose after 12 non-medical to get a job in America?
When will the result of 10th CBSE declared?
What are the pros and cons of taking a year off of work to go back to school for a Masters program?
What are the benefits of attending fitness classes?
What are all the common government exams that a UG can attend?
Which maths concepts book is best for IIT levels?
Which college is best for the 11th?
How does one become an ethical hacker after class 12?
How do I get good marks in class 10 board examination 2018?
What is the feedback on Antwerp Management School in Belgium?
What are your views on Amity Gurgaon (Manesar) Campus?
As one who’s gone to virtual school and is going into a public high school next year, what are some of the things that I should expect?
Should I take IT or CCE at Manipal if I have a problem with rote learning?
What is the difference between private SCHOOL and regular SCHOOL?
How does a teacher handle an intimate relationship with his student to maintain a good reputation?
How do I encourage a surly teenager to study for importantly exams?
How can I become a learning machine as a teenager in high school and what study method should I use to accomplish this?
What is the quickest procedure to get education loan for abroad in India without much formalities?
Do middle schools teach "state history" like Texas has "Texas history" in sixth grade?
How do I identify academically weak students?
I am working in Service Desk. I like to complete a course in Citrix. What is the best course that I can opt for?
Is there any website from where I can get college and higher education guidance?
What are the differences between a fitness trainer certificate and diploma? Would I be able to get hired if I enroll in a recognized school/class?
In ICSE, are the marks obtained in written exams or internal assessments in class 9 added to class 10 marks?
What does "Study the historian before you begin to study the facts" mean?
What was the pattern of marks for class 10 students?
What are the overall benefits and disadvantages of studying Further Mathematics (Pure Math, Statistics and Mechanics) in Cambridge A Levels?
How much should I pay someone while I'm teaching them a skilled trade?
How is teaching a Mumbai University music course?
What are the pros and cons of opting for home-schooling for our children?
This year, the BHU BSc Biology paper was tougher than the previous year as many students said. Is this true?
I am a bio student and I just passed 12th. Should I go into the commerce field?
Is management easy for those who have studied 11-12 std. in science?
How can I score in the FSC exams?
Who are the Maharashtra Board HSC Toppers?
Is Loyola College coed for the BBA?
Is the syllabus of class 11 changing next year?
How does the US education system work from a student's career point of view?
How is biotechnology at Amity Mumbai?
Which are the top 10 M.Tech colleges for distance education?
What is the selection process of the Mentor Graphics Higher Education Program?
Is there any science behind students just not understanding certain subjects, no matter how hard they try?
How do I prepare for AIIMS 2018 so that I can have a secure seat in AIIMS New Delhi (my dream college)?
Can I be a good student in maths in 3 months?
Which is better for studying: Siddha or Ayurvedha?
Which is the best creative writing course for distance education?
How important was painting to you when you were at primary school? Why?
Is standardized testing good for children?
What will happen if I am absent for sixth subject (PE) in CBSE 12 Boards 2017?
Will standardised marks be given on the 2017 class 12 CBSE?
If I finish all certificates on freeCodeCamp, how long will I have to wait to start working on a nonprofit project?
What does one do after BBA?
Can one get 100 marks in social studies, in Haryana secondary examination?
Can I get admission in MBBS after passing the NIOS?
What will be the likely verdict of HC Delhi on the PIL concerning the scrapping of moderation policy and grace marking on the CBSE?
Are PUC/12th grade marks included in calculating PESSAT 2017 ranks?
How do I improve my English marks in the ISC?
How long does a master’s degree in adult education take in the US?
How can I become a vet after completing my 12 class PCM subjects?
If I have less time what would be more helpful, solving questions or only studying the chapters for AIIMS?
Where can I do debate/public speaking outside of school in Singapore?
What are the best individual online courses for high school students?
Is there any entrance exam for pilot after class 12?
Are non-maths students allowed in the Goenka College of Commerce?
Is reading my textbook and trying to recite the information I just read an effective way to get better grades in high school?
Is the education system in Tamil Nadu good enough for a school student, as well as a college student, to shine outside the state?
Was the CBSE moderation policy really scrapped or not?
What are some cool applications of computer vision in education (traditional classrooms, MOOCs, etc.)?
How do I place in a diploma college and what is the procedure to get into that?
In MBBS study, we have to revise many times but I don't like to revise. How do I make it a daily habit?
Class 11 started and its summer vacation. I am not willing to study, so what should I do?
Do American children still learn cursive these days?
How will I get to know my Class X CBSE result without the roll number or any other details, I only have the CBSE Affiliation number?
What are the best university to study biotechnology in the world?
Should I start using mind maps to study and get better grades in high school?
Which stream in the 11th standard will offer the best career option in the coming future?
When will the ISC board results come out for 2017?
How was ICSE 2017 papers?
What is taught in the Electronics and Electrical Communication branch at IIT KGP?
Is sex between teachers and students in high school or middle school more common than most people realize?
Should I answer practice questions while checking my book to study and get better grades in high school?
Does education make you a better person?
Are Muslim students treated well in public Catholic high schools in Ontario, Canada?
Is there an institute that provides a job after the course?
Is it true that the Gujrat board are going to adopt the CBSE board?
What is the present status of those schools in Delhi which interview the child's parents to award admission to nursery or primary education to the child?
Why can't I do well in school?
Which are the best places to do my undergraduate?
What are some good ways to use data analytics in education?
One of my teachers purposely said and taught the entire class something wrong. What should I do?
What happens to education without philosophy?
What's that one advice you'll give to a person who has just finished his graduation?
How can I appear for improvements of 12th PCM percentage?
Why do people against school choice argue that public schools will lose funds when that is exactly the point?
What are good non-STEM summer opportunities for high schoolers?
Which subject should I read to make the Air Force?
How do you like school absence penalty notice?
Does 0.9¯0.9¯0.\bar9 equal 111?
What type of interaction happens between juniors and seniors at AIIMS Delhi?
How's the situation of employment for students who graduated from Sheridan College? My subject is computer animation.
Does year 11 count towards your ATAR score?
How do I get urgent duplicate 10th passing certificate in Rajasthan board?
What if I do not get a good college after 12th?
Is it okay have a break for preparation for the NEET and AIIMS?
What is the best high school in Arlington, TX?
What are some tips for making a resume in high school?
How do I prepare for 9th grade? I want to be the top of my class and to know a lot.
Is there an agent who helps with school admissions in Chennai?
Can anyone provide me with a PDF file of O.P. Tandon Chemistry class 11?
Does the language or writing system that people in your country use online differ from the one taught in schools? If so, why?
When reading and studying, should I read aloud or read silently for me to get better grades in high school?
Have you ever had teachers who call their students "Mr." and "Miss"? And if you're a teacher, do you do so yourself?
What surprised you most about American high school culture?
In a BBA course, do I need to conduct sales of any product? Is that compulsory?
How many of you are in support of or in against of CBSE's moderation policy?
When reading to get better grades in high school, should I read everything or just skim fastly through everything and slow down on important parts?
When studying and trying to teach someone else to get better grades in high school, should I teach the entire chapter or only the main points?
How can I become my own professor and learn high school material alone? What study method should I use?
Can I get admission in Amity university mechanical engineering on the basis of class 12th result rather than on the score of Amity-JEE?
What do you think about the school system where you live?
When will the ISC declare it's 12th results?
What is the easy way to get good marks in 11 CBSE?
If you could only pick 7 school subjects from elementary to senior high, what are they?
What aspect of education is missing in people that lack critical analysis and have shallow reasoning?
Is CBSE really going to declare the 12 board results tomorrow?
Do employers find MOOCs certificates from Coursera or edX valuable?
Is having a good education system good for the economy?
Can a Nepali student compute for JEE after class 10?
Does an expert PU college provide coaching for the AIEEE?
Do you have to create a study timetable to study effectively? What are good alternatives?
How does it feel knowing that you won't be graduating with your class?
Why are the CBSE and HRD playing dirty politics over the class 12 results? At the end of the day, the students suffer due to the policy lapses.
What are the homeschooling prices?
What is the procedure for changing the exam center of IGNOU?
Can CBSE release class 12 results 2017 when the case on moderation policy is still in the court?
What was the attitude that you approached subjects with during your preparation? Was it with an intent to learn, or to somehow finish the concept?
What is the syllabus for the CLAT that I should study from 11th standard as I have chosen PCB with maths as an option?
What are the best sites to learn something new?
What's some good advice for a teacher switching to first grade after 15 years of teaching fifth grade?
Does IIM consider the best of four for ISC students or the average of all the subjects?
What should I choose after 10 to become an actuary?
Will the ISC results be bad this year as they are is coming out so late?
Is there an exam to get a seat in the IIA, after 12?
How was the accounts paper?
What should a weak science girl student who is also economically weak do after class 12th?
Which education is best and why, mindfulness learning in the West vs rote learning and drilling in the Middle East and Asia?
What is the best education after 2nd PUC in commerce?
Which NCERT books are really important for CSE? 6 to 12th, or only 11th & 12th standard?
Which are some of the best computer classes in Borivali to learn a computer language?
Do we have to save each and every question while giving the AIIMS paper?
Can I give bank exams after passing 12th std.?
Can a top 50 rank in AIIMS be achieved in 1 year?
Should I take MGM Indore or drop a year to try for AIIMS Delhi?
What is CBSE moderation policy?
Is India's bilingual education system halting some brilliant students' progress in research and other wings of education?
What is the best way to study anatomy for a curriculum in medicine?
I'm in 12th studying MEC. I want to learn physics and programming. Would it be better to wait for 12th to finish or can I learn it now?
Will colleges care if I don't take honors English or AP English lang/lit?
When reading to study for high school, should I read the entire chapter or only the summary at the end of it to improve my grades?
Should a CA student opt for maths in 11th and 12th or its fine?
What is the ranking of the ECTEL (enhanced learning) conference?
What states take track and field seriously for high school?
What is it like to attend a forest kindergarten?
How do I draw a flowchart in which a student's marks in 5 subjects are entered and the average is calculated. If the average is more than 70, then do I draw a star?
Seeing the age and time, should teachers become more interactive and intuitive using technology or apps for education in school?
Is there any 11th group related to a B.A. in literature in Ambattur?
How should I use the method of "teaching others" to get better grades in high school?
Students nowadays complain that teachers don't teach well. Is that so, or are these just some excuses by them? If it is so, then how can we improve this?
Is it possible to get 100 percent marks in music in 10+2 after opting it just from 10+1?
I​ got 50% in the class 12 (commerce) examination. Can I take the CA-CPT exam?
How much did Anurag Kumar get in AIIMS?
What is the [math]W [/math]in math?
Can I homeschool my children in Morocco?
On what basis of answering in paper in class 12 CBSE a student get passed?
Can a student who failed in the 12th (HSC), have the re-exam for the 12th arts stream online?
How often do high school students not get REM sleep?
Can a supplementary student take the MBBS entrance exam?
Is it good to join an intermediate or polytechnic course after class ten?
Will the ISC marking scheme be affected by the moderation policy?
I have graduated from school with PCMB (ISC Board). What should I pursue for MBA, BSc, BBA or BBM? What will be more beneficial?
What are the best books for JEE aspirants in class 11?
Which is the best course after 12th to make a good career?
What is inclusive education and training systems characterized for?
In a school like Phillips Exeter, what distinguishes a student from the rest of his class?
How can I find interest in school again?
Where can I take online ECE classes in San Mateo?
What is a good approach to study economics for UPSC?
How much should I score to get a seat in AIIMS?
Which are the best courses to take up in engineering?
Will CBSE only give grace marks this year?
If I am graduating from school in Bhopal, can I get into any good colleges abroad?
Can I get good marks for writing a 2 page answer for an 18 marks question at DU, if I am a student of humanities and political science?
How can I get ahead of studies using online methods as an international high school student?
How do I ask for a better grade?
What do you think about online classes on Coursera, books and education in the overall finance area?
It's the end of May. When will our ISC results be declared?
Isn't it unfair for a CBSE improvement exam student if he is allotted the same room at an exam centre where he sits together with a compartment exam student?
There are some questions outside NCERT asked in the XII board. Will CBSE give marks for such questions after removal of the moderation policy?
Are there only 350 general seats in AIIMS UG?
What are some suggestions for ISC English in 2019?
What needs to be done to reduce the taboo towards contraceptives?
What is Lycos computer education?
Should I go for BMS or baf after 12?
If you were to compare a Turkish university degree to an Estonian university degree, what would you say? Which is more prestigious?
What sectors should I choose after doing biology in class 12?
Why should I opt for BBA?
Is tommorow CBSE 12th results? What is the timing and website to check result?
Is there any dummy school in Ghaziabad?
What is an easy subject for graduation?
What degree do we get after completing class 10?
Should I study by acting like I am teaching others to get better grades in high school to get better grades?
Is Lubbock High School haunted?
What happens if you're sick and miss high school finals?
Can someone be proficient in Newtonian level physics without higher education?
What jobs can make me rich without too much education?
Should I take biology or biotechnology as an elective in the CBSE in grade 11 as I want to do biomedical engineering in the USA as an undergraduate?
In which subject will CBSE provide grace marks now after the high court orders?
Can schools in Utah legally force kids to come back on the grounds?
How can I crack the NDA, as I am currently studying in class 12 and this is my first attempt? I don't have any idea about class 12 maths?
Should I study using flash cards or by reading and doing active recall to get better grades in high school?
What are some of the best undergraduate schools for chemistry?
What can a British school expel you for?
Will government colleges consider improvement mark sheets?
How do you put down an annoying/mischievous student in class?
How did you get an AIR of 10 in AIIMS Main?
What are the accurate answers of Math ICSE 2017?
Will my 10th CBSE marks help my 12th CBSE marks?
How do I get into CA after completing an MPC in intermediate?
What is the difference between moderation and grace marks in CBSE?
What is effect of the marks moderation policy on individually-scored marks in the CBSE board exams?
What should I study to become an ambassador?
How do I get a failing grade up to a passing grade in less than a week?
Should I switch languages for my sophomore year of high school? I took Arabic in my freshman year because I felt like it was a good opportunity.
What will the CBSE do now as Delhi’s High Court has directed the CBSE to continue with its grace marks policy?
What do you think will CBSE revaluate papers after court order?
Is the school district justified at all for suspending the student’s position as ASB President? Is the student protected by the first amendment?
How good is Cork Institute of Technology?
How is the ACPC rank calculated for CBSE Board students?
Can an IGNOU student appear for the December TEE '17 for some papers if he enrolled in July '16? Is there any form to be filled to appear for this exam?
Is maintaining the same GPA throughout high school difficult?
What was your strategy for history optional, and how did you score good marks in it?
What career options do I get in science stream if I go ahead with it and from which subjects?
If someone gets chance into any other AIIMS except Delhi and takes the admission then is it possible to change his decision to get into AIIMS Delhi?
What language do you take at school?
Can every children get a good education?
Which one is best for an MBA: Amity Business Noida or Galgotias University Noida?
Before jumping into HC Verma, should I use another book for class 11?
Should I listen to music while studying in high school to get better grades?
Should I take notes from books in high school and study by them or should I just read the book and study without taking notes to get better grades?
What is the most frustrating thing about going to high school to you?
How can I study for the NEET entrance exam? I'm in class 12 now.
Is the board exam scary?
How should I prepare for ICSE class 10th?
When will the online admissions start for a 12th science student in suburban Mumbai?
How do I make a team table for one year if I want to prepare for the AIIMS 2018?
In what way(s) Chinese education system is better than Indian edu. system? How can we rectify our shortcomings?
What are teaching methods or methodologies of teaching?
What are some of the infamous incident happened at Macro Vision Academy, Burhanpur?
Is the 11th State Board bio-maths group hard enough?
Where can I find the 2016 AIIMS question papers if they’re available in any book (offline)?
What is the evaluation system in Japan?
Does Brilliant help people master undergrad maths?
What is the meaning of the Marks Moderation Policy?
How can I become good in math?
Shouldn't economics be taught in high school as a required course?
What can 12th pass students interested in physics and astronomy do before they join their college (in my case IIT or IISC)?
Should I study by reading and trying to lecture on what I am reading or by using flash cards and Quizlet to get better grades in high school?
Is it wise to take science and do bio technology after 10th along with hotel management and also a few courses of makeup artistry?
What are the good ways to get an experienced developer to teach you some skills?
Can I be accepted to French university after not being in school for 4 years? I graduated from a prestigious private school in the USA.
What are some major struggling student groups that are often overlooked and what might be some ways to help them?
Do we get a high level of education in Ukraine to get through the USMLE?
Will ISC also continue with the moderation policy for year 2017?
If CBSE follows the HC order, will CISCE follow the same, or are ISC students at a disadvantage?
Is the university life really more fun than high school?
Is it fine to play PC games as study breaks when you're studying 10-12 hours each day for the NEET?
Who is the best chemistry teacher for class 11 ISC in Kolkata?
How can I pass my GCSE Biology exam tomorrow?
What are the benefits of the NIOS over CBSE/state for JEE/NEET preparation?
What is a great way help your grand children learn with you?
Is conventional mathematics methods that are taught in schools are justified?
What is the latest NAAC ranking of humanities colleges? What are all the A grade colleges in India?
Does any IT company directly recruit freshers having 90% and above in their senior secondary (ICSE), higher secondary and engineering undergraduate?
Could we pay for UK further education with an extra 1% tax on everyone who has a degree?
What kinds of alternative schools do you think deserve support with tax money and what are the advantages of those schools?
Why do people love to show off their degree on Quora?
Is PCMB combination needed for NEET?
What are the courses available at DU for a commerce student?
What are requirements to be a teacher for class 12?
Will high school AP Prob/Stats and Calculus be too confusing to take a test the same time?
What is the best degree course?
Which subjects are most needed for a future pilot who is in 12 standard?
What happens at a high school senior brunch?
What are some important chapters for the JIPMER exam?
Is it true that those who score well in college will also score well in competitive programming?
What are the passing marks out of 20?
How do I cancel my college degree after passing out (in India)? Is there any such provision?
What is it like to adopt a preteen, who is 11 to 12?
What is the best advice that you can give to anyone in high school?
What is it like to be a student of Vidhyaa Vikas for 10th or 12th Standard?
How is the art stream for future career?
What is the downside of regularising private schools in India?
How do I prepare for the CLAT after standard 10?
How many classes are held in a week in Concept Educations, Guwahati for a foundation 2 year course (engineering)?
Is it a good idea to move to the US with teenage kids (10th grade and 6th grade)?
How do I get online courses on SQL Servers?
Why are the tropics defined at 23 degrees rather than the logical 30 degree?
Which scholarships can I apply for after the 12th class in PCM from the CBSE in General boys?
Can I become a software engineer if I choose PCB and Information Practices in class 11?
Can we get an education loan in third year as well with 3 backs?
Is Kalyani Central Model School a dummy school?
How can I stop procrastinating as a high school student and just get good grades?
In importance sampling, what is the difference between [math] p(x) [/math] and [math] q(x) [/math]?
What are the advantages of technology in education?
How can I get good marks in 12th biology-maths group to get a medical seat in AIIMS or JIPMER?
What is the percentage in 12 boards required for an OBC candidate to sit for the IIT exam?
Which school is the best in Nashik with 11th and 12th std. [state board]?
Can studying by reciting/trying to teach others a chapter and trying to link it with something else help me get better grades in high school?
Which subjects should one choose in standard 11 commerce?
After 12, what should I do to become a PCS officer with commerce subject?
Which course is better at Polytechnic?
Should I take long term coaching for AIIMS Delhi 2018?
How can I stop being bored at school, get interested and get better grades?
What is the schedule for students of different semesters in IISERK throughout the week? Are there classes on Saturday too?
How would you fix the American school system?
What are the IT skills needed for human resources? Is there any online free course available?
Do I stand a chance of doing a PhD from outside India? I have scored only 83.8% in class X, 59.4% in class XII & 60.25% in a BSc (1st class in botany).
I am in tenth class now. What is the secret to being good at math?
Is it okay to avoid the ranking system in the public examinations?
How many marks are increased in the moderation policy of the CBSE?
What grace marks are given in the CBSE board exams in 2017?
How can I solve [math]x+\cos(x)=a[/math] for [math]x[/math]? Is it possible at all?
Are your schools informed about Islam?
How does education help people?
How is the education system in Finland?
How should one face their ''relatives'' when one was unable to score even fair marks in 2 consecutive important exams?
If 4n+2n=24n+2n=24^n+2^n=2, what’s nnn?
When will the class 11 session start in 2017?
How can you break math?
Can I qualify for Vocational rehabilitation, if I already have a college degree? If so, which benefits can I qualify for?
Is the high school diploma itself important?
Can I do a BBA after 12th computer science (without accounts)?
What does moderating marks mean in ISC and CBSE?
What are the options available, other than MBBS, if I have taken pure science with computer in class 11 and 12 CBSE?
What are the greatest obstacles for diversity in higher education?
I have an irregular IB diploma without any sciences and I want to major in business. Does this affect my admissions anywhere?
Can I repeat 12th from CBSE to MP boards and change stream too?
What are some of the things that you did as part of the house system at your high school?
What is educational equality?
Are the B.Sc microbiology courses good in Amity University, Noida and Jaipur?
What is your advice regarding Personal Financial Security to teenagers just out of high school?
How do I get a government job easily after 12th science?
What are the technological trends in education?
Would it be difficult to give a chatbot personality traits based on a system like astrology, with 12 timers with different periods, and 12 values each?
What was your class 12 percentage, and has it helped you in any way?
Other than Kota, Is there any better institute for science after 10th?
What should I prefer to choose after completing my 12th bio-maths group?
Is an MBA good for BIPC students?
How can one do higher studies abroad?
In which year should we write 10th Board for CBSE?
The Delhi HC directed the CBSE to continue with the moderation policy this year. The ISC hasn't announced anything. Will the ISC keep moderation this year, too?
How difficult was PESSAT 2017?
What could the top percentile be of the Maharashtra state board 12th results?
Are you out at school? If so, what is it like? If not, why, and would you like to be?
What is a good high school resume maker?
Is there any reason to be for Betsy DeVos and her education plan? It's hard to find unbiased facts.
If I have gotten 105% and 107% on two Science tests, will they balance out my 95% and 99% and result in me passing the class with full marks?
What is the minimum percentage that I need to score in 12th board to become a petroleum engineer?
Are grace marks helpful to every student?
What should be done to score marks easily in the ICSE 10 exam?
Did anyone fail in the 12th board?
What is the difference between. Giving grace marks and not spiking marks in CBSE? I am really very confused.
Who serves his country more, a doctor or a teacher?
Since I got very low marks in the 12 exam, what should I do?
What should I say to my autistic male high school teacher?
What classes does a South Korean high school student need to study?
How can I make my timetable in 11th STD for 10 days?
What happens if you leave a child at school?
After completing class 12, what is the highest post in the police that I can get?
How can I get a new marksheet of the UP board in high school?
Can I get an education loan at 40 lakhs and without any collateral security for abroad undergraduate studies?
Is Terrence Tao's method for teaching analysis effective?
What are career option in mathematics after class 12?
When will we see a Career Counselor in schools in Pakistan? When will the school's administration realized its true importance and significance?
Should I commit to Architecture (UG) at Newcastle University or Financial Economics (UG) at the University of Kent?
How much will you pay for a tutor?
Should I pursue psychology from Amity University Gurgaon?
Can students learn database management straightaway after their graduation from school?
When will the ISC result 2017 be out?
Is there is any use of 12th standard board marks to join in the research​ field?
How do I study organic chemistry with coaching?
Which physics book is the best for class 10th?
What is the CBSE pattern for class 11th for 2017-18?
What are best basic/recommended books for maths for 12th PCM students?
What education is needed to become an embyrologist?
Is Tata McGraw Hills now McGraw Hills Education?
Which schools in Chennai gives seats for 80% for +1?
How many hours does it take to study physics, chemistry, and mathematics equally?
What should I do after my 10 ICSE apart from preparing for SAT?
What are the chances for ISC students in Tamilnadu?
Why do teachers that classes you failed, hate you? My math teacher despises me and I do not even have her as a teacher anymore.
What are some effective tips you could give for Physics and Math HL?
What should one do after the final year results have been declared for an undergraduate of the School of Open Learning? My results were declared in November 2016.
Can a person with commerce in class 12 become a dietitian?
Can a student study the 11th class science stream on his own, without going for any classes?
What do you think about Self Dabba’s statements of recent times by AP C. M. ChandraBabu?
Will poor math grades look bad on my college application if I choose to major in finance?
Will NEET 2017 be reconducted due to the difficulty level of the papers being different?
Educators: What are some simple changes you have seen or experienced at your school district that had a major impact on student outcomes?
How are Amity University Noida AC hostel rooms?
How do I prepare for RMO in class 10?
Is it necesarry to study 5 or 6 hours to gain good marks in class 12?
Are vegans in the USA more likely to be educated?
What are your tips for getting motivated to do homework?
What is the alternative to "The Tempest" drama for ISC 2019?
Which acting school in Mumbai do you suggest joining?
I attend Aakash coaching classes and as a result I get only about 3 hours for studying. Is NCERT syllabus enough for securing a seat in SRM/NIT?
Will moderation policy affect the results of CBSE 2017 coming on 24 May?
How can I score the max grades on exams on lessons that are hard do study?
What are some good schools offering A levels in Pune?
Are there any correlations between the NEET and AIIMS marks?
How is the geospatial technology course at Manipal?
How can I pass my California C-10 exam?
How did Mark Zuckerberg become successful without college education?
What are the math standards for a high school student who wants to go to MIT?
Who has taken the OSSU Computer Science curriculum? If so, what tips would be beneficial for approaching it?
What's the best study method for high school that is effective and that doesn’t involve lots of reading?
Should I study in high school to get better grades by trying to lecture the material to someone else or should I create questions and answer them?
Which is the best reference book for 9th for every subject?
Is 60.10 a good score in NIFT?
If the teacher chooses 3 students, what is the probability that none of the three of them play soccer?
Why did you take a gap before college?
Is science a popular subject?
Which subject should I choose in 11th grade so that I take it forward for my higher studies in a foreign country?
What is the last mark of an SC candidate who got into AIIMS for an MBBS in 2016?
Which topic is the best for demo class 11?
Can I write GATE after completing 12th?
So when is the final date for CBSE 12th board results?
Is BBA or civil better?
Which stream is best for a BCA after the 10th?
What is it like to study in MGIMO?
What is the confirmed date of the result of Maharashtra HSC Board 2017?
How can I become good at school and get better grades in high school? How should I study?
How can I get into climate change research after 12th class?
What's your take on experiential education? How do you think travel experiences can transform learning for kids?
Do questions get repeated in AIIMS?
Do you enjoy school?
What study method should I use in high school to study to get better grades and understand the material?
Which is the best maths book of class 8?
Should you teach methods/techniques/facts to people that you don't apply?
How should I use the studying method of teaching others to get better grades?
What is a BSMS course in India?
What subjects can we take in B.S.C to become an IFS officer?
Are coaching classes doing an immense service to India's students?
Is Vanasthali good for my daughter in class six?
Why did all of the faculty of Vibrant Academy leave?
Is there any famous university from the UK or the US that provides online leadership classes and certificates?
Would you please provide the SEBI grade A exam syllabus?
What is an intellectually rigorous degree I can take?
If a person wants to become an astrophysicist, which field should he study after 12th standard in India?
Will CBSE won't scrap moderation policy this year?
How did Charlemagne's support of education benefit his kingdom?
In the United States of America, do you have to go to your highschool graduation to get your diploma?
Is history, politics and economics a good combination after the class 10 boards for the arts stream?
Which college can a student get if he scores 152 marks in the AKTU PCM entrance exam?
Is IGCSE the new name for O Levels?
From where can I get +1 ISC paper?
How does the content in biology differ for a person who does a BSc in bio and physics from a person who does a BSc only in biology?
Does Global Shiksha, Edurite, etc., really help children in education?
What is the best way to prepare for my chemistry 10th board exam (I'll give it in 2018)?
When will the result of class 10th 2016-17 batch come?
Do you need to remember everything at all times in Math to advance?
Did you ever have a student or classmate who was legitimately terrifying?
Will only students of Delhi benefit from the moderation policy?
Is it hard to study a degree in Business Management? What jobs can you get out of it?
Who is a a teacher?
What is the criteria to get an admission to the UG medical college after 12th CBSE?
How was CBSE's syllabus before 2008?
How do you like High School compared to Middle School?
If a student scores less than 60% in class 12th then can they continue to study B.Tech at KIIT University?
GGSIPU: Is there lenient checking for reappear exams?
Why did you decide to put your child in a forest kindergarten?
There is no moderation this year for CBSE class 12. Only grace marks are being awarded. Won't it affect the Delhi students?
What is the most practical line of work with a 4-year degree in Translation and a TESOL Certification? Should I go back to school and practice?
Did you go to school late before?
Is the checking of the ISC Board exam going to be strict this year?
Is Sophia College for Women good for my daughter for class 11th if she wants to take arts or humanities?
Will the marks of CBSE students come down this year?
Why such policy is needed to compensate our evaluation of education?
Which units should 8th semester ECE VTU students study?
Can I make it to a decent engineering college in India without any interest in maths and science?
What subjects are to be chosen as electives during the VTU Electronics and Communication 7th Semester?
What should I do to study smart and get good grades rather than hard and getting bad grades?
I have a terrible math teacher, what resources can I use to help my grade?
What are the top 5 math topics high schoolers are scared of?
How does the high school where you go differ from your friends’ schools?
How do I get an IGNOU BPP solved assignment without any charges?
How does IB physics HL compare to AP physics and High school physics (USA)?
How can I understand maths, study it and get better grades in high school?
I got A1 in 3 subjects in class 9 and A1 in all subjects (internal) in class 10. How much marks should I get to get a 10 CGPA?
Do we fall into GNGND category if one has completed school in Noida but graduated from Delhi?
How can I learn (understand better) high school biology, chemistry, and math in 2 weeks?
What is the net worth of Study IQ Education owner Dr. Gaurav Garg, in crores if rupees?
Do students outside India refer to Indian books for math and science?
Is there any coaching after 10th for UPSC?
If the Indian education system is better than the American education system, why are all the best companies in tech from the USA (and the West) and not India?
What are the standard books of mathematics and science for 9th standard?
What are some suggestions for the last 10-15 days before the 2017 preliminary exams? How do I relax in order to deal with my anxiety and sleeplessness?
Can a person rely on online studying and training for serious classical music education (vocal and instrumental)?
If I fail the 12th exam in 2017, can I be eligible for the IIT exam in 2018?
Can a change in educational policy solve most of India's problems?
How can I focus in class and stop making stupid jokes during class?
What are the implications of the high court order on stopping CBSE from removing the marks moderation scheme this year?
Can I fill the improvement form of class 12 in 2017 without wasting my year?
What does aggregate marks in RBI grade B exam mean? Does it include all or only main subjects?
How do I get most out of online learning?
Can I take any B.Com course in DU if I am from a commerce without maths stream?
Is Make School a college? If not, what is it?
In importance sampling, what is the difference between p(x)p(x) p(x)  and q(x)q(x) q(x) ?
Will the CBSE follow the Delhi HC order of not scrapping the moderation policy this year?
Which university should I choose for a BBA course- LPU, UPES or Amity Business School?
What scholarships are available for a student wanting to study for an UG qualification abroad?
Who has a class in school that actually feels like prison?
Should I put my English paper up for recalculation (Karnataka PU board)? I have been given 1 mark less than the maximum for the 4 and 6 mark questions.
What is (e/pi) in mathematics?
What are the subjects for CBSE commerce?
What software can teaching assistants (PhD candidates or otherwise) use?
Can I decide that if I drop a year I will fully grab the basics of all subjects required for AIIMS Delhi 2018? I want to do MBBS from AIIMS Delhi only.
How is Omega Classes, Adarsh Nagar, Delhi for CBSE?
How do I know the syllabus and marks pattern of class 10?
What are some class 11 topics to study for NSEJS?
If came 15 minutes late to class, can a teacher refuse to teach me and leave 30 minutes early?
I attend Aakash coaching classes and as a result I get only 4 hours for studying. Is NCERT syllabus enough for securing a seat in VIT/SRM?
Is Arihant good for the 11th CBSE exam?
Which book has easy methods for class 12?
Why can I focus at school but not at home?
What has the Modi government done to improve education in India?
Is a moderation policy good or bad for a 12th CBSE student who can score around 75% on his own?
What is the educational background of Tata Group’s new CFO, Sourabh Agarwal?
If 4^n+2^n=2, what’s [math]n[/math]?
How are German school children taught about WWII?
Is it good to take mechatronics at the bachelor’s level (for undergraduate study)? Or should we take it at the master’s level?
I am moving from Mumbai, India to Dallas and I am a US citizen. Since I have done grade 11 in India, what documents are required and what is the procedure for admission into high school in the US?
What course can be taken after finishing computer science group in 12th in CBSE?
Is it really tough for a second year dropper to crack AIIMS?
What are some of the best universities in the US in which to pursue a Master’s in Computer Science through distance education?
Would it be hard for a student from Kerala to make friends at Amity University, Noida?
When will the results for Ishan Uday 2016-2017 be declared?
What does a school/district director of technology do?
What is the procedure to get an admission at Kendriya Vidyalaya for 11th standard ?
Why didn’t the CBSE decide to scrap the moderation policy before commencement of the 12th board session?
How many questions are asked in the MAT and SAT sections of NTSE West Bengal Stage I?
How do I concentrate on my education?
Do I need to learn all the dates for the ICSE board history exam 2018?
Where I can find a STEM Education community?
How important, would you say, going to college is?
What does it mean when someone learns better doing an online course rather than in a course taught by someone in person?
What can I learn from a high school chemistry course?
How can I absorb/learn the material while in class in high school?
During what year should I take the board 10th CBSE?
Can anyone will share the complete study material for the CAT?
Why do I take too much time to study one topic? How can I study efficiently?
Can I take the courses of foreign language in college just with my IELTS score? I don't want to study abroad for 3 or 4 years.
How good are Mechanical Academy’s classes?
What is the best YouTube channel to prepare for CBSE class 12 (PCM)?
As a primary teacher in the UK, will I be paid more if I have a Master's degree instead of a Bachelor's?
As a teacher, in what way does media psychology help you to understand your students better?
How I should manage time in my ICSE board examination?
Are the MTG Foundation course class 10 books enough for a math and science Olympiad?
What happened to you when you finished highschool?
Which course should take after 10 std if I was intrested in drawing?
If you were a paraprofessional that had to sit in a class with mentally impaired students every day, what would you do?
The NEET this year was easier than before. Can we expect AIIMS to be simple, too, so that we can be mentally prepared to score more than last year?
Can a student with an Open University degree study abroad?
Should I do extra work on projects for a better grade?
What should I know about being a freshman in high school? (I will be in 2 years, but still.) Is it initially rewarding, or always terrible?
When will the 12 CBSE results come out?
Should I go for the arts stream after class 12?
Can I get 90% in 12 after getting grace marks to 80%?
Are American business schools a lot better than British ones?
Is formal education the safest path to financial security?
Will CBSE pass the student in maths of class 10?
Do I need to take biology in class 12 if I wish to pursue a BPharm at ICT Mumbai?
What is a valid excuse for wanting to switch out a swimming semester in HS with another activity for physical education?
Which is the best college for post graduation?
Should I study while watching TV as a teenager looking to get better grades?
Are 4 AS subjects (Biology, Chemistry, Maths, and English Language) sufficient to get into a university in the UK?
Is there any petition going on against CBSE's decision of scrapping it's moderation policy?
What should you do if you want to finish your university education but have no money, weak credit score, and poor grades from when you first attended?
Is choosing UCMS, Delhi over AIIMS (other than Delhi) a wise decision?
Does [math]0.\bar9[/math] equal [math]1[/math]?
If you were a teacher and you had to teach the high school version of yourself, what advice would you give her?
Are there any tools to prepare for the Educational Record Bureau’s CTP-4 standardized test?
Can I get admission in any private college of greater Noida after passing out from NIOS?
Which books should I follow for CBSE class 11 in chemistry and physics if my concepts are weak?
Which subject stream should I take?
Is the reason high schools are called that because everyone gets high during this period in school?
How hard is it to teach coding?
Is it for sure that the CBSE class 12 results will be declared tomorrow?
Can I get a scholarship even if I had failing grades?
Which course is best to learn as a CASE student?
After completing 10th class, is there any entrance exam for Oxford University?
Which is the best career option after class 10? Which stream will provide me with more job opportunities?
What is the WWW in math?
Do I really need a teacher for learning math?
Is there a list of where I can get mock PRINCE2 Practitioner exam papers?
How do I file a case against CBSE to decrease the 75% criteria for NIT/IIT in 2017 as they will be giving less marks due to scrapping of moderation?
How can I fill Olympiads like IMO which require a school whereas I have taken dummy admission as I am studying in a coaching institute?
What are the best skills I should learn?
Can I crack the RBI Grade B exam in my 1st attempt?
When did you realize you had made the right career choice?
What is the best effective way to study fast and for long retaining?
What are colleges for BA with just 50% in 12 class?
What will happen if CBSE moves to SC against moderation?
Is Amity University, Noida recognised by the Kerala bar council?
Do teachers teach Hindi and what is the medium of instructions in NLUs like NALSAR, NLUJ, NUJS, etc.? (I mean teaching, talking, speaking, etc.)
Is it possible to create a career in cricket after getting an education?
What options do I get if I choose art as a stream ahead?
What are the best books and sample papers for the class 12 boards exam to get above 90%?
Why are there so much celebrations after every 10th and 12th result even though all our knowledge is checked by entrances and interviews?
Why can't American colleges allow direct entry to medical school at age 18 like the rest of the world? Wouldn't this be more cost-effective?
What is the education qualification needed to apply for the Dell Company?
For which rank of EMCET does a BIPC student get free seats in any course?
Should I choose banking, maths, or secretarial practices in my class 11 commerce stream?
Is research possible after class 12?
How can children in school support technology growth?
How can I not give up from studying in high school and just get better grades?
What percentage of middle schoolers actually follow through with their career choices?
How can I make my class 11 physics strong for medical entrance exams?
Which subject should I choose after the 10th to study law?
When will the CBSE class 12 results be published?
Who are the teachers in Vision IAS? How often do they have classes?
What can schools do for student’s intellectual development?
Where is the best education in the US or in Russia?
How is Sushila Birla Girls' School in Kolkota?
How much percentage in SSLC (Matric) is considered to be in first class?
Are you an ex-student from SM BATHA High School in Panchgani?
What are the minimum marks for AIIMS?
Will there be a board moderation policy in the academic year of 2018?
Is my 12 class percentage very important for my future career?
What's life like after high school?
Why aren't many young educated people in India leaning towards bettering their political scenario or not participating in it to bring out a change?
What online graduate school is cheaper for a doctoral course?
What advice would you give to a freshman in high school who is starting to become exposed to more and more of today's world?
Will the ISC board give grace marks now, after the HC order?
Will CISCE also declare results after moderation of marks like CBSE this year?
Is there any website that provides the proof of various math and physics formulas? I am currently in class 10th.
How do I study for the CBSE business studies paper for class 12?
What are your views on the recent CBSE board results, in which Delhi's government schools have performed better than private ones?
As an RBI Grade B officer, do you get a chance to do public service, like in civil services?
How many students appear for the IPU CET BbA exam?
Can you statistically prove that board results don't matter in India?
Has Amity ever accepted a student who failed 12th board?
How do I manage and study both the 12th public exam as well as the NEET exam?
What is the most difficult class you've ever taken?
Which stream you chose in 11th and what was your percentage in 9th and 10th?
Can we get admission in architecture after 12th biology?
How is the BBA course at Bennet University?
Do we have to pass out from class 10 first to appear for the ASAT Nurture course at ALLEN?
How can one do complex math problems in one's head?
How many exams will there be for class 11 in the CBSE 2017-18 academic session?
What type of maths is included in economics?
How much do secondary schools spend on training teachers?
Is it possible to do a diploma degree in elementary education via distance learning if I am not a teacher?
What should I do to stop talking in class, stop making friends, and just focus on learning in high school?
How can I get my 12th class marksheet after 2 years gap?
How will the modern no grace marks policy of the CBSE affect the students taking exams in 2018?
How will the Delhi high courts order for the moderation policy to be implemented now, when all class 12 CBSE papers have already been checked?
Which is the best course after 12 in medical, for good placements abroad?
What are some elite boarding secondary schools in the US and UK with decent to good swimming programs?
How do you cope with teachers insulting you?
Which one is better - BBA or 3 continent BBA from Amity Noida?
Is upgradation continuing this year (2016-2017) in class X?
What are the best books for Phase 2 of RBI B Grade Exam?
Does a premium B School tag really make a difference?
Where can I study renewable energy courses abroad? Are there any scholarships available for it?
Where can I get NCERT 11th class books at a discounted price in Gurgaon?
As entreprenuership becomes more popular and education of entreprenuers becomes more widespread, do you think a well defined career path will emerge?
What is [math]\text{ }[/math][math]5[/math] times [math]\frac{1}{4}[/math]?
Were all IITians topper in class 10?
How should I study and what study method should I use to become like Einstein as a teenager?
What is the expected date for ICSE results for class 10?
How is Amity University Noida for fashion communication?
What are the global trends in education today?
How do I suggest a course for a weak student after intermediate?
What is the "one year graduation" of IGNOU? I'm a bachelor in science college dropout. Can I opt for this one-year course?
What are the best and worst things in an American high school (in terms of people and experience as opposed to work)?
Should School superintendents be elected officials?
What is the standard for the questions on the PGET in CSE at MAKAUT? And where can I find sample question papers for the same?
What are some interesting topics for my class 11 physics project?
Which IB courses should I take if I want to major in engineering?
What is the best thing a teacher said to you?
Are my parents making the right decision by having me move high schools for junior year?
Which subject is easy, and which is tough in BITS 2017?
Do board marks matter for symbiosis?
Why is money more important than education?
How do I search for an anchor script for a school assembly?
Why is it considered disrespectful to not attend classes you do not want to go to?
How can I score 90 marks in MP board English class 12th?
When is the Bihar Board 12th Science result likely to be declared?
What things are taught in ECE and what practical things will I be able to make after the course?
How many of you have been a victim of loneliness in high school and college?
Is a 276 score in NWEA Mathematics good for a 7th grader?
Should I take computer science or biology in 11 for science?
On what aspects is education in foreign schools better than Indian schools?
Will there be any effect on my marks in class 12 due to the moderation policy?
Do other ethnic minority groups get jealous over Jewish and East Asian immigrants because of their wealth and education status?
Which is best, between an RBI Grade B officer and a state PSC?
How do I find the best study material for CLAT on the internet?
How many Udemy courses can I enrol to via coupon?
What should I do? I am a 12th class student and I have got an opportunity to work in TV serials?
How will the Delhi High Court’s verdict regarding the moderation policy, affect the ICSE and ISC results?
Should I stop gaming to get better grades in school and study more or should I keep gaming as a teen?
How can one get a 90+ score in the CBSE board exams of 2017-2018?
How can I get good study skills and improve my grades in high school?
What marks does one have to score in each subject to get 90% in 12th board?
Is a bachelor's degree enough these days?
Is high school like middle school?
As a regular student, can I complete the second and third years of a degree in one year by giving those exams in the same year, in Hyderabad, Telangana colleges?
Is it compulsory to study maths in plus 2 for a BCA?
What we can do after learning accounts commerce in 12th?
Can CBSE go against the order of Delhi HC?
What are the educational options after 10th for a brilliant student?
In CBSE schools, what is the difference between a Hindi A and a Hindi B course?
What is your advice to a student who is willing to leave university and start studying online?
What is the best way to study effectively for excellent performance in high school?
Are there any NGO’s in Lucknow working on Children's Education?
Can I appear for NEET 2018 if I failed in one subject in the CBSE board in 2017 but passed it later in the compartment exam?
How many mark is require for a SC student to get a seat in AIIMS Delhi?
When will KV’s process admission in class 9, I mean within how many days after declaration of the tenth result?
How many colleges, universities and institutions in India offer a degree in psychology? Which one is the best among them?
What are the misconceptions of Christian education?
How does one get revenge on teachers after graduation?
Should college education be free?
What should one do in the time gap when school ends and college is yet to start?
Can we write JEE Mains in 11th grade?
Can anyone get admission to Bangalore University, after passing 12th from NIOS?
Why did you choose to enroll your child in private school?
How many marks are required on the KCET for the veterinary subject?
Is the dropper course of Prerna Classes good?
Which 5 subjects are selected in class 11 and 12 in the arts department?
What are some widely used learning management software in Saudi Arabian schools and universities?
Is Amity admission for B.Tech open in July too?
Have you ever challenged a grade you thought was too high?
Should I join Aakash in class 9 if I am willing to take medical?
What are the things to look out for before selecting a preschool for your children?
What is the process for admission to AIIMS colleges?
Do you know anyone who wasted class 11th but studied a lot in class 12th and got selected in IIT?
Will CBSE moderation policy is valid in session 2016-17 or not valid?
How do I download solutions of class 12 KC mathematics?
How will the delay in CBSE results affect college admissions?
What can I do after class 12 in commerce (CEBA)?
Which are the field options open for me after completing class 12th sci. PCM?
Wat could be a unique idea for my biology investigatory project in class 12?
Is studying especially important in high school?
What are the approximate minimum marks to get a seat in any of the AIIMs?
Are there any options to pursue higher education in data science while working in TCS?
Will 2018 12th class students suffer due to the moderation policy?
Which top engineering colleges in India take admission on the basis of board marks?
Why does SSC not allow fresh registration of candidates who registered for a previous exam?
Why should I get a liberal arts education coupled with a maths major?
How will the class 10, class 12, and graduation percentages affect my CAT and GRE percentile?
Do many American students go to Europe for higher education because it is cheaper? What is your experience?
How can I solve x+cos(x)=ax+cos⁡(x)=ax+\cos(x)=a for xxx? Is it possible at all?
What should we do to pass 10th and get into medical science?
How should I start preparing for the GATE, and in which order should I study the subjects? I need to make a schedule based on the importance of each subject.
Should I study by takin notes and lecturing, making questions out of subheadings or by using flashcards to get better grades in high school?
Is the ICSE or the CBSE best for the NEET?
How can I become a priest in future?
How relevant is the 2017 syllabus of ISC with that of CBSE?
Can Indian parents get jailed if they force their kids into engineering and medical?
Is distance mode education fruitful for gov. jobs?
How do I learn all of the high school chemistry, biology and math in 2 weeks?
I will take Algebra 2 HN in 10th grade. Am I behind as an engineering school candidate? What's your suggestions?
Is it possible to know how much grace marks you've got in class 12 CBSE board?
IGCSE Students: Are you finding the 2017 May/June examinations harder than most past papers?
What is continuing professional education in CPA?
Can I do BCOM or BBM without doing commerce as a PU student?
What are some of the best online law school programs?
What are the best universities for a B.Tech quality education irrespective of placement records?
How many modules do you need to develop educational institution management software?
How do I study H2 Chemistry?
Where can I download RD Sharma’s book free for class 12?
Do we come to know AIIMS marks immediately after exams?
How do I hide my CBSE class 12 boards results from others?
Is there any book or online course available to understand economics?
When will the 2017 Class 12 HSC result be declared?
Which is the best career to select after the 12th class for a girl who lives in Nepal?
How do I study for Class 12 board exam if I have only 9 months left to score 95%?
Which is the best book of Accountancy and Commerce for ISC board class 11?
What is a good course in polytechnic?
Is Amity Noida really boring like they say?
Can you study architecture and art at the same time?
My school is meant for smart kids, I generally get As and Bs, but I have 2 Cs. Is that bad? Is a C even a passing grade? What will other schools say?
What are the difficulties students face since they don’t have an ask and answer website in their college to clear their doubts about their academics?
Do high marks scorers also get grace marks in the CBSE moderation policy?
Is there a GST exemption for the employees of private coaching tuitions for entrance examinations (for both non teaching and teaching staff)?
Did anyone got into MBBS after scoring 40% or 50% in 12th?
Can we change our stream in 12?
How can I pass the JAIIB within 15 days?
Are MTG Foundation course class 10 books enough for the math and science portion of exams like the NTSE and other scholarship exams?
Is a rank of 329 (AIR) good enough for NCHMCT? Can I get an educational loan? If yes, then how much? What college preferences should I make?
For which course can I apply to complete my post graduation? I did my under graduation in electronics honors.
Why my English teacher told not to study from English trainers in ACL?
How do I score good in the CBSE class 10 science practical questions?
What's the difference between regular schooling and homeschooling?
Is the GOAL Institute in Patna better than the Aakash Institute?
Have you successfully cheated in an GCSE or A-level exam? If so, how?
What is the best guide book for CBSE for science?
Is there any good looking girl in Amity Noida?
Is CBSE playing with our future?
How does a failed candidate check their marks on the CDSE exam?
I have scored 110 marks by solving AIIMS 2014 paper what are the chances that I can perform well in AIIMS 2017?
What does your school's uniform look like?
What are the major qualifications to work in a restaurant after class 12?
Is there a moderation policy in the CBSE board result 2017?
Which college is the better choice for a BBA: NDIM or JIMS Sector-3?
Which subjects are compulsory, and which are optional, for the CBSE class 11 commerce stream?
Which countries have the most effective family planning education for school-aged children?
What is a certificate number in the 10th class mark sheet in HBSE?
How do I start a play group school in India?
Is it advisable to take ECE if I am not good at physics?
I study German in one group with Arabs and Syrians. The teacher is a Jew. She is often rude. I am not allowed to change the group. Is there a way out?
In the improvement exams, do they calculate the best marks, or use the whole year’s marks?
What do you do when a teacher hates you?
How do you prepare for IIT from Class 8 without going for coaching classes?
What are the basic education qualifications required to get admission into an agriculture college?
Which is the best university in the world in which to study Indian history?
Can a science student pursue law after class 12? If so, what steps should one take to get into a reputable law school?
What does a class 12 marksheet look like?
What is it like to commute to school in NY everyday?
Will I qualify for the Advanced 2017 if I get only 8 marks in physics (paper 1 and 2) and 65 each in math and chemistry?
How do I get help with math problems online?
After graduating high school in Canada, I have to go back to Singapore for 2 years. What will my university entry/application process look like then?
How is the EPIM course of the BSE Institute? Is it worth it for a salaried professional?
Does ISC declare results on weekends?
How was the ICSE board exam?
Why have an educational institutions become a money-making business? There is no quality.
Do kindergarten and 6th grade teachers earn differently in salary?
When will CBSE class 12 result come after the order from HC regarding the moderation policy?
My actual name is T. Sravan Kumar in my 10th and 12th it is T. Shravan Kumar, I have recorrected by the guzzete officer, will it be a prblm in PP?
Should I take regular classes to boost my GPA or should I still take AP/honors classes?
How does examiner gives marks in engineering?
What do you plan on doing after high school?
What are the best books for science students in class 11?
Why education is going costly day by day?
What should you do when you don't recieve an award that you are supposed to get?
What is the best option for becoming a CA after 12th class?
In the ICSE 2017 in mathematics, I drew the wrong number line. How many marks will be deducted?
How can I stop procrastinating and just study and get better grades?
How do I select a good colllege after 12?
What do Muslim students do if they participate in food and beverage courses?
Is it really tough for a second year dropper to crack AIIMS-Delhi 2017?
Should I do BITS previous years for AIIMS? Will that be helpful? Are questions repeated in AIIMS from BITS?
How do I devote equal time to each subject while preparing for JEE?
Where can I check my HS results on WB board?
Which is more important in finding a job, education or experience?
What is the education quality in AD the Design College in New Delhi?
What's the most important part of the application of universities?
What makes a school both fun and excellent? What steps or considerations should I have?
What happened to the top-scoring kid in your class?
Which matters more, knowledge or experience?
When will the Karnataka CET results be announced?
What is the meaning of drama and theatre in education?
Which countries teach their students “positive attitude/thinking” in schools, and which don’t?
How do I prepare for the AIIMS exam that is 13 months from now?
I was in my science teachers room and was wondering: Could a teacher murder someone and use the skeleton as a display to get rid of the body?
What​ is IIT? What should we study in intermediate for betterment?
How can I set a daily routine for physics, chemistry and maths for 6 hours?
From a GPA perspective, what is the value of the Honors courses as opposed to the AP courses?
Should I take AP Calc and Physics if I'm taking them as IB HL courses?
I am interested in computer science, which are the different courses available after 12 in India?
Would anyone take an online course about all the tools needed to create online courses?
Is there any thing like an MBA in nanotechnology?
Is there a way for me to earn a sort of exemption, or otherwise get out of taking a core high school class in Louisiana, US?
What was one of your closest calls in high school?
Why are school clubs the worst?
Which is better after 12th class, a diploma or a B.Tech?
In Mumbai University’s engineering program, if I take a golden subject and the passing marks are 24, will I get some grace marks? How many?
Most of the toppers of AIIMS recommend NCERT. Is that really enough for 2017?
Can we join a medical course after doing 12th in a non-medical PSEB?
How can I manage my PCM subjects perfectly?
How much easier is CBSE 12 than ICSE?
I am going to fail in my 12 board exams. How do I deal wIth it?
What are some good books that teach practical approaches and methods for sizing a market?
What are the best short time courses after HSC (science)?
As a college professor, what is the major difference between 1997, 2007, and 2017 college freshmen?
Do classes begin at Christ University immediately after orientation?
What are some ethical challenges that a teachers face?
Can I get admission in Amity BBA?
Do students from Amity Lucknow have to go to their other branches for placements?
Don’t our politicians and administrators have that much guts to send their children to government schools?
How should I study and what study technique should I use to improve all of my grades in high school?
What are the competitive exams that I can give in class 11th?
Can you gain a well rounded education surfing and reading the web?
How is Amity university Noida for studying B pharm?
What subjects are included in the merit for science and math stream students?
What is Gordon Miller's educational qualification?
How do I get admission in na engineering college after getting bad marks in class 12?
Is plus 1 and plus 2 maths taught as a bridge course in CSE spec. in bioinformatics at VIT? Or is it just plus 2 maths?
What is CBSE correspondence?
What are the best reference books in class 11 science stream?
With marks of 120, what rank will one get in the AIIMS?
Is it true that Maharashtra HSC results are releasing tomorrow (25/05/2017)? And how are you feeling?
What whould you do if a student didn't want to go home?
How do I download simplified physics class 9th by Dinesh & Co. for free?
When will the IP BBA results be announced?
Is ISC marking scheme strict or lenient?
Can a school prevent a student from taking an AP course?
How do people decide which college to attend?
How can I grasp concepts fast and get good grades in high school?
What was score of het Shah in AIIMS 2016?
What are the physical and email addresses of the director of Amity University in Noida?
What do you think about subjectivity?
What are the pros and cons of sending my child to a Chinese national school or a private school in Malaysia?
Should I submit fees first and then get an educational loan?
Are there cliques in your high school?
How good of grades do I need for grad school in math or physics?
How should I study in the 7th class in order to clear the JEE?
Can I study architecture courses if I haven't passed my 12 exam?
How can I motivate myself to study in university?
How do I get admission into the Navy after 10th?
Is it possible to clear the full syllabus of the CBSE class 11th and 12th in just 6 months?
What is meant by self-education?
How will the moderation policy of the CBSE 2017 help a good and hard working student?
Why don't young people like watching the educational programs today?
How much does American education cost per person?
Which is the better pilot school in Haryana, Uttar Pradesh or Delhi? What marks are required in 12 class to get admission in that school?
Does board percentage matter in AIIMS?
Do you feel that this high school year has been going by quickly or slowly?
What are some tips you would like to give while attempting AIIMS paper?
Is gender-segregated education better than coeducation?
Can one do maths in 3 months in class 12 if one hasn’t touched the maths book yet?
Should I study by taking notes and trying to teach the notes/lecture them or by reading a textbook and lecture at the same time to get better grades?
What is the meaning of undergraduate courses?
What is the best way to write the description of an instrument in the exam in order to get full marks?
Do you attend school in Manhasset, New York?
What all gets included in determining the moderation of marks? Is it all about passing or something else?
How can I prepare for the resonance CTs so I can score good marks and get into the A1 batch?
Have I lost my chance of getting an A grade on my English paper?
What big advancements in maths have happened since 2000?
Is it too late to change myself and start getting straight A's in high school if I am 15?
What subject should I choose after 10th for banking?
What suggestions will you give to schools to develop their potentials?
Is it okay to not be in an elite school in Singapore?
How do I prepare for NEET in class 12th?
How do I use flash cards for maths to understand concepts or should I try to self explain it to myself in high school?
Why is it elitist in Singapore for those with a higher (or more prestigious) educational attainment to disparage those without?
What are the books recommended to crack AIIMS other than NCERT and Allen modules?
When will the IIM IPMAT 2017 result be declared?
What is the procedure for teaching physics in foreign countries?
Which are the best CBSE colleges for PCM in Bangalore?
Will the TN syllabus change affect the NEET in 2018?
Which is the best institution after the 10th board?
Is it good or bad to marry your female teacher? And why?
What's the American grading system like?
How much is the counselling fees at Manipal institute of technology?
What are the best ways to earn even before you finish your graduation?
What are the differences between Army Public Schools and Sainik Schools in terms of discipline, army culture and general timetable?
What are some valuable important points for solving case studies of business studies for class 12th CBSE?
How was your high school experience? Can you tell me your high school experience?
What is the best advice to give a future kindergarten teacher after graduating with a bachelors?
What are the career options after 12th class PCMB in science?
Can we start college before completing the 2nd PUC supplementary exam?
How do I manage my time for 12th board CBSE as well as for SAT and IELTS?
Which syllabus is best iCSE, CBSE, or state for NEET?
I want to study biology of aging. What should I study for Bachelor?
Will your grade be higher if it's under a point or percentage system?
What do teachers think about introverted students?
Do any college of AIIMS provide BHMS?
What is the minimum percentage in the Maharastra board in 2018 to be in the top 20th percentile?
Should I go to LPU? Is the education and placement good there?
How is IIEST Shibpur as an institute of engineering?
Where can I download RD Sharma for class 12 as a PDF for free?
Is the reservation policy in the education sector helpful for the development of the country?
How do prestigious educational institutes in India show the relation between student's socioeconomic background and their selection in institution?
What do I need to do for architecture after 10?
How useful is a Udemy online business course in the UK?
Can I apply for admission to DU after class 12? I am currently in class 10.
What is more important: knowledge or effort?
When will the 12th HSC 2017 results be out?
Can I crack the NTSE exam by studying the state board book and finding information on the internet?
What was it like to study at UF? What were your experiences, professors, classes, people, etc.?
What is the best course to take when you have scored 60% in 12th?
What is the best way to finish high school as a freshmen?
What is the difference between people teaching "how to make money" and me teaching "how not to lose money"?
How do I free download Simplified Physics 9th Class by Dinesh & co.?
Would cut-offs be lowered because of no moderation policy in CBSE boards 2017?
Shall I go to an IIT if I have a bio-maths course in class 12th?
Why is the bodybuilder or the fittest guy of a class normally poor in studies? Do extra physical exercises decrease your grades in academics?
Does the training provided by tech companies to freshers indicate that the Indian education system is of poor quality?
Does NIFT centre really matter?
How many marks are required for CPT?
When will the CBSE 12 2017 result be out?
Which is the best online resource for class 10th students who are weak in languages?
What is the current problem of CBSE with not publishing 12th results 2017?
What are the online DELE preparation courses available for less than 200 euros?
What is the best stream in WBUT?
How do I score good marks in the Diploma CET exam? Which books should I read, and what tricks should be used in writing the exam?
What is the new date of CBSE class 12 result 2017? Has any information regarding that issued by the board?
Why is there a feeling of emptiness after one graduates from high school/university?
What is a D.El.Ed course, and what are some private colleges?
Which is the best job immediately after 12th commerce in India?
What makes education without philosophy?
What degree is better to do after intermediate?
Should I summarise the chapters from my book to study and get better grades in high school?
Less than a month is left for the CPT exam. How should I study to score above 160?
What is the group​ code for CBSE 12th?
How do I ask my former teachers if they have any students I can tutor over the summer?
What makes nationalism a false philosophy in education?
What was the reaction of your parents after your 12th class results? How did you tackle your relatives?
Is 3.3 a good GPA for the first semester of the first year with 10 credits, and do schools like Harvard, Princeton, etc., consider the grades of the first year?
If a marksheet is wrongly printed at Madras University, how does one rectify it and get a new marksheet?
About education, what is the necessity of paying to study for Tertiary?
Does your class 12 percentage matter in MBA placements? I got 72% in both class 12 and college, and 88% in class 10. Will I have issues with getting shortlisted for summer internships?
What were Vaibhav Tulsyan’s first year marks? We have the SGPA system now, so is 8.84 good?
I hate going home after school. What should I do?
Which is the best book for the learning basics of programming? I have just completed C++ up to the class 12 level for the CBSE boards?
Are maths or CMS compulsory for the commerce stream?
Who's the worst/best teacher you had in high school?
Checking of 12 CBSE copies 2017, will it be tough
When is the 12 STD 2017?
What is a good book to study string theory at a level higher than Zwiebach's that is appropriate for an advanced undergraduate physics student?
How is the Trichy School’s CONCEPTREE program? What are the fee levels?
How do I prepare for CAT after taking 11th Commerce?
Why should one study banking?
Is CBSE improvement exam for 12th worth taking? What is the level of checking there? Is there any scope for success?
Are there any fine art Indian students on Quora? Can anyone share some effective and economical ways to pursue fine arts in Delhi?
Which institute in India is best for mass communications after 12th?
What were your biggest learning while learning from and exploring the concept of spirituality with your teachers?
How difficult will it be for a student to score 85%-95%, after the changed policy of providing grace marks?
Can one repeat class 11 and 12 while simultaneously doing BA with it?
How do I prepare in the last minute for exams?
Which university is best in the Philippines for medical education?
Are there any competitive math exams that a first year engineering student can take?
Why do teachers teach 25% and ask students to look up for 75% and still ask less than 25% in exams?
Can I opt for B.Pharma by choosing math as a major subject in BITSAT?
Is admission to a UG course on a donation basis good?
Is the ICSE 2019 syllabus changing?
What if school was a reality competition show?
How do I become a CBI officer after 12?
How many people failed in the 10 CBSE board exam in 2016?
What would happen if every kid in the USA, K-12, stopped showing up at school during the school year in protest?
What is the relationship between philosophy of life and education?
Has the CBSE ever declared their results twice, once before there was less inflation of the marks and once after there was more inflation of the marks?
Which are the best books for accountancy class 12?
How can I get a 10 CGPA in 10 class?
Is it okay for a teacher to shove me in the head?
Where does one write the AP exam?
What are examples of core teaching strategies?
Demotivated by not scoring good marks in practice tests. In the last 20 days, how can one score best? What should be done to make the year’s efforts worth?
Will CBSE moderation grant equal grace marks in subjects like chem, bio as it does in maths? (Like in maths people getting 77 can be spiked to 93)
Is history a tough subject after 10th?
What is the difference between a BBA and a BBA (IB)?
Should we follow the CBSE syllabus or state board syllabus for the SSN entrance test?
What are the interesting topics in commerce class 11?
What is a good reference book for 11th CBSE?
What are the actual rights guaranteed to a US high school student?
What is   \text{ }555 times 1414\frac{1}{4}?
What is it like to go to school in New York?
Do FIITJEE teach JEE syllabus to class 9 student?
How does teacher check a paper when half a page is empty?
Where all are CONCEPTREE Learning centres offering residential NEET programs (XI and XII)?
Will the ICSE 2017 results be declared by May 31st?
What is the reason behind Roman Saini's decision to give away free education in place of free medical treatment?
How can I prepare to succeed in 9th grade?
Where should I study from for the CIMA professional gateway exam? Is the institute's study material sufficient?
In state board, is English core elective or functional?
Have you ever experienced failure as an elementary school classroom teacher? What did you learn from it?
Are the cutoffs of DU for the overall percentage of students or for a particular subject?
How does the public school system work in Mozambique?
Why do we still make a big deal out of high school graduation?
How are grace marks given in CA exams?
What are some abroad universities that accept NIOS?
Why is school mandatory in the U.S.?
What is AP intermediate?
When applying for colleges, what are the other options to show leadership besides becoming an officer at school clubs?
What subject should I choose for a BBA?
Where can you study for free in Canada and pay after graduating?
Is question number 10 of the JEE Advanced 2017 Paper 1 similar to one of the physics questions asked in the WBJEE 2014 exam?
How do I decline a call on WhatsApp?
What should one do a day before of 10 class result?
Do you guys think that education can abolish terrorism?
Is the Caribbean Advanced Proficiency Examinations eligible for direct entry into an undergraduate degree course in Germany?
In which subject can we get moderation in CBSE class 12 2017 examination?
How do I become a drawing teacher?
How many students pass out in SRM Business School?
What is the state of language education like in Serbia?
Are bikes allowed at Manipal Institute of Technology?
Where can I get best tuitions for arts subjects in Kolkata?
Does Nalanda University in Bihar still have good education?
Can I join event management after 12 science? If yes, then how?
Does academia claim to be the only means through which someone can prove himself/herself an expert in a field?
What is the use of math in CSE?
Do you have any idea on product concepts for education?
What was the NTSE syllabus in Karnataka 2016?
How many students passes IMUCET every year?
Why do schools need music programs?
How should one regularly review the syllabus for class 11 in class 12 to prepare for the NEET and the AIIMS in 2018?
What will be the effect of the CBSE’s new policy on strict checking of average students who were earlier expecting between 55-75 percentages?
What should I learn after passing high school to get admission into MIT?
How much mark should I score to get selected in AIIMS?
What course should I choose after 12 biology to joining in NASA?
What do people think about the Vietnamese education system?
How many days does the FIITJEE take to allot new batches to the students after the reshuffling test?
What is the cost of home schooling and how is it carried out?
Who is a school teacher?
How do I become a great student again, get good grades in high school and stop being a procrastinator?
Where can I find free online courses in quantum physics and Italian language with (free or not) certificate?
Should we teach everything early?
How can I score the max grades in exams on lessons that are hard to study?
What's a good way to remember study designs?
Is it worth spending money on IT-related higher education in a foreign university for an Indian now?
How can I cope with leaving teachers?
Do I need to study 11th and 12th mathematics for GATE?
How do I secure 95%+ in 10th boards exam in CBSE? I am an average student scored 10th CGPA in my 9th. What are the ways throgh which I can prepare?
What classes and extracurriculars will help me be prepared for engineering?
Do you think a CFA will provide better investment advice, or is their advice no better than that provided with no education?
What will be the best university choice for me?
When will the 12th CBSE results be announced?
Should schools teach people how to allow their views to be challenged?
What are the minimum marks needed to get into AIIMS for general category?
What can I do if I hate school?
What are your thoughts about moderation on class 12 marks?
If a person gets 70% marks, up to what extent can his marks be increased by moderation? Is it possible that he can get an 80 plus?
Is there any free hacking courses available (standard courses)?
As a high school student who's passionate about AI, how can I start learning it?
What percentage of the time do you actually pay attention in a class?
Do middle school teachers have a right to give the student a hard time in a classroom if they struggle to learn?
Who can earn more as an RBI grade B?
Will the CBSE give grace marks in the exam for class 12 chem 2017?
Which sites are useful to study for UGC NET?
Should I get grace marks if I’m getting 80 marks in any subject?
How should the education system work?
Do we have to learn the AIIMS password for an exam or will it be provided?
What are the flaws of the current education system?
Why do those educated with jobs have difficulty escaping homelessness?
What happens if you fail in the 10th class takeover exam?
If everyone with 10 CGPA is 95 % then how do you rank students in 10th CBSE exam?
Do guys prefer dating girls that have a higher education than themselves as much as girls prefer dating someone that has a higher education than theirs?
How does school work in Uganda?
Is moderation really done or I'd only for saying in CBSE class 12 the results?
What are the prerequisites to start a primary school and how does one get CBSE affiliation?
What should be the study plan for the RBI Grade B officer exam in 2018?
When will the Maharashtra HSC 2017 results be declared?
Do I need permission from my parents to drop out of high school?
What is the best course to take when you have get 60% in 12th (science)?
How can we teach innovation?
Is archaeology a science or arts subject?
What is an easy way of teaching maths to primary school kids?
What's the best way to balance 7 hours of school, 3 hours of homework, sports, and video games?
Should you change schools if you feel your school is not good enough for you?
Which is the best dummy school based on CBSE in Jabalpur?
Can someone get into a good college affiliated with Delhi University with a 90% in board exams?
Which subject would be better for doing graduation economics or statistics if I am interested in doing higher education and my maths is pretty good?
What is the best novel for a school student?
How many are frustrated with CBSE's behavior?
Why isn't European history a part of Indian education system?
As of yesterday, Delhi HC asked CBSE not to scrap the moderation policy. To what extent can marks be given for PCM subjects?
What is the best way to study year-round for a junior taking multiple AP classes, and in a way that can spare time for excessive homework?
What do you think about teachers who validate students based on marks?
How do I calculate the aggregate percentage in a BSc for RBI Grade B examination?
Can you teach yourself to be more witty?
Can I get admission in any college for a BSc with 12% in 12th class?
What should I do to become a great student in high school again and get better grades?
Can I redeem myself in my junior year after having bad grades in sophomore year?
What are some maths be tricks for high school?
Have you ever thought of a creative school?
Why are NCERT books preferred for higher classes?
If you could create a new school subject and teach it yourself, what would it be?
Is the topic "determination of contents of cold drinks" good for my class 12 investigatory project?
What would you do better to improve the high school experience?
What is the use of maths for a medical student in India?
Are 6th-12th Science NCERTS worth reading? Most S and T questions are from current affairs.
What study method should I use to be efficient, not spend as much time studying and get better grades in high school?
What is 4D in physics in the easy way of class 11?
How do I study in 1st year engineering?
What is the best advice about Finance to give to a new high school graduate?
What habits or strategies can a BME student develop to help with getting good grades?
What is the impact of CBSE delaying exam results on students getting admission in TN colleges via counselling?
What apps are helpful for students?
I have six subjects in CBSE class 12 so how should I determine the overall percentage?
Are you interested in AP ideas?
Is 82% a bad score on the CBSE Class 12 if I plan on doing a CPL?
What best place for studying painting and cinema?
What should a 12th pass candidate know before starting his undergrad in CSE?
Is it important to have maths in 12th if I want to do BA honours (English)?
Is there any difference in VMC premium correspondence if one applies online for the course?
When taking notes to study in high school, should I just take them once and read them, or should I take notes everytime I read to study?
When are the 2017 Maharashtra state Board 12th results going to be released?
How are grace marks alloted to the students of CBSE after the HC order?
What is the last-moment strategy for AIIMS?
What will happen to the CBSE board result now that the high court has rejected its appeal for moderation?
How can I become a workaholic and studyaholic and get better grades in high school?
What I can do after 12th for PCM and economics?
What do professors think of students who accept past quizzes/exams from upperclassmen who recently took their class? Is it good/bad learning approach?
How do I find members to form a band in high school when I don't know anyone?
What course can you pursue after doing humanities in the CBSE in Plus 2 for under/post graduation? What are the career opportunities?
What is a good idea for a school commercial project (grade 8)?
A teacher in my school referred to pupils as d*ckh**ds and scum. Is there anything I can do?
How would you handle educational ethics in today's complex situation?
Are there any opportunities other than treating patients after completing PG studies in medicine?
How will CBSE give marks now after the High Court's decision regarding the marks moderation policy?
What percentage of high school students read the assigned texts?
Can I get my mark sheet number when the CBSE results are released?
How much scholarship does an ST student get in AIIMS?
Why is it required for a student to learn stuff in school for long years which has no application in reality?
Do you think that going to college to be a doctor is really worth all the training and years that it actually takes to become one?
What is being a student at Dreyfoos School of the Arts like?
When should I take the SAT exam?
Which college can I join if my class 12 percentage is 60%? I am a PCB student.
Can someone share class 11th commerce notes?
Should I take language classes until full literacy or professional reading/writing?
How do I to get my dual enrollment teachers to write me glowing letters of recommendations for Ivies and similar college applications?
What was the lowest score last year to get into AIIMS Delhi?
Should I study by taking notes from my textbook and then trying to teach someone through those notes to get better grades in high school?
How can technology enhance learning?
Can you grow high grade marijuana from low grade seeds?
What is the effect of the high court’s decision on the CBSE class 12 results?
What type of education system, curriculum, pedagogy, and possibilities would you like to have?
How much rank is needed to get a seat in any AIIMS?
Will I pass the 12th class if I have written all nonsense?
What do you do when you get bad grade in school?
Which course should I choose after 12th, BBA, BBM or BBS?
What are you taking for your GCSE?
Is there any course in BSC related to CNC course?
Which programme and in which college/varsity should I pursue after class 12 which offers me a wide variety of subjects to learn?
Is ordinary education more important than skill?
What would you like to say to a 12th class student whose result is to be declared tomorrow?
What was your percentage in class 11 as a PCM student?
Will we get moderation marks in the CBSE maths board exam in 2017?
What are the current teaching methodologies in geography?
Can somebody suggest colleges that offer courses in archeology?
Can I become a CA after completing class 12 in computer science?
Will the ICSE also take back its “no moderation” policy after the decision of the high court?
What could be the best chemistry project for class 12 that could be made innovative using some samples of various mentioned articles?
Will doing boarding in Kota be better for class 11 and further for IIT?
What are options for a career after 12th for a medical student?
What are some books that I can get for more knowledge in class 11 for an arts stream?
Why is CBSE creating so much confusion? Will grace marks and moderation policy continue or not?
Do Palestinians really teach their kids in schools to hate Israelis?
Is there any pre-closure charge for an education loan in IOB in India?
How do I encourage a surly teenager to study for importantly exams?
Do middle schools teach "state history" like Texas has "Texas history" in sixth grade?
Is there any website from where I can get college and higher education guidance?
In ICSE, are the marks obtained in written exams or internal assessments in class 9 added to class 10 marks?
What are the overall benefits and disadvantages of studying Further Mathematics (Pure Math, Statistics and Mechanics) in Cambridge A Levels?
I am a bio student and I just passed 12th. Should I go into the commerce field?
How does the US education system work from a student's career point of view?
What is the selection process of the Mentor Graphics Higher Education Program?
Will standardised marks be given on the 2017 class 12 CBSE?
What will happen if I am absent for sixth subject (PE) in CBSE 12 Boards 2017?
What does one do after BBA?
How do I improve my English marks in the ISC?
How can I become a vet after completing my 12 class PCM subjects?
If I have less time what would be more helpful, solving questions or only studying the chapters for AIIMS?
What are the top 3 most important high school math courses to know later on? You can include AP Calculus and Linear Algebra.
Are non-maths students allowed in the Goenka College of Commerce?
Was the CBSE moderation policy really scrapped or not?
What are some cool applications of computer vision in education (traditional classrooms, MOOCs, etc.)?
Class 11 started and its summer vacation. I am not willing to study, so what should I do?
Should I start using mind maps to study and get better grades in high school?
Which stream in the 11th standard will offer the best career option in the coming future?
Is there an institute that provides a job after the course?
Why can't I do well in school?
What are good non-STEM summer opportunities for high schoolers?
What type of interaction happens between juniors and seniors at AIIMS Delhi?
I have 2 weeks left for finals (as the worst student). What should I do?
Are there any reservations for undergraduate students in PG seats at the new AIIMS?
What is the best high school in Arlington, TX?
When reading and studying, should I read aloud or read silently for me to get better grades in high school?
When reading to get better grades in high school, should I read everything or just skim fastly through everything and slow down on important parts?
When studying and trying to teach someone else to get better grades in high school, should I teach the entire chapter or only the main points?
Is CBSE really going to declare the 12 board results tomorrow?
Why are the CBSE and HRD playing dirty politics over the class 12 results? At the end of the day, the students suffer due to the policy lapses.
What was the attitude that you approached subjects with during your preparation? Was it with an intent to learn, or to somehow finish the concept?
What's some good advice for a teacher switching to first grade after 15 years of teaching fifth grade?
Will the ISC results be bad this year as they are is coming out so late?
How was the accounts paper?
What should a weak science girl student who is also economically weak do after class 12th?
Do we have to save each and every question while giving the AIIMS paper?
I'm in 12th studying MEC. I want to learn physics and programming. Would it be better to wait for 12th to finish or can I learn it now?
Should a CA student opt for maths in 11th and 12th or its fine?
What is the ranking of the ECTEL (enhanced learning) conference?
How do I draw a flowchart in which a student's marks in 5 subjects are entered and the average is calculated. If the average is more than 70, then do I draw a star?
Seeing the age and time, should teachers become more interactive and intuitive using technology or apps for education in school?
Is there any 11th group related to a B.A. in literature in Ambattur?
Can a student who failed in the 12th (HSC), have the re-exam for the 12th arts stream online?
Which is the best course after 12th to make a good career?
In a school like Phillips Exeter, what distinguishes a student from the rest of his class?
Which are the best courses to take up in engineering?
It's the end of May. When will our ISC results be declared?
How do teachers identify smart students?
What degree do we get after completing class 10?
Should I study by acting like I am teaching others to get better grades in high school to get better grades?
What happens if you're sick and miss high school finals?
Can schools in Utah legally force kids to come back on the grounds?
I’m very weak at microbiology, I don't even know the basics. How should I study this subject?
Should I study using flash cards or by reading and doing active recall to get better grades in high school?
What is the max education loan I can take to study for an MBBS from Manipal in India?
Which MBA I can opt for in distance education after an Mtech in software engineering?
What can a British school expel you for?
What is the difference between moderation and grace marks in CBSE?
Should I switch languages for my sophomore year of high school? I took Arabic in my freshman year because I felt like it was a good opportunity.
If someone gets chance into any other AIIMS except Delhi and takes the admission then is it possible to change his decision to get into AIIMS Delhi?
Which one is best for an MBA: Amity Business Noida or Galgotias University Noida?
Is the board exam scary?
Should I listen to music while studying in high school to get better grades?
How do I make a team table for one year if I want to prepare for the AIIMS 2018?
Should I study by reading and trying to lecture on what I am reading or by using flash cards and Quizlet to get better grades in high school?
Can I be accepted to French university after not being in school for 4 years? I graduated from a prestigious private school in the USA.
Is it fine to play PC games as study breaks when you're studying 10-12 hours each day for the NEET?
How many hours does it take to study physics, chemistry, and mathematics equally?
What is a great way help your grand children learn with you?
Is conventional mathematics methods that are taught in schools are justified?
Could we pay for UK further education with an extra 1% tax on everyone who has a degree?
What kinds of alternative schools do you think deserve support with tax money and what are the advantages of those schools?
What is it like to adopt a preteen, who is 11 to 12?
How many classes are held in a week in Concept Educations, Guwahati for a foundation 2 year course (engineering)?
Which scholarships can I apply for after the 12th class in PCM from the CBSE in General boys?
Is it possible to prepare for AIIMS in a year?
Can I become a software engineer if I choose PCB and Information Practices in class 11?
What is the percentage in 12 boards required for an OBC candidate to sit for the IIT exam?
Which course is better at Polytechnic?
How would you fix the American school system?
How can I actually understand, learn and get good at sciences and maths in high school?
I am in tenth class now. What is the secret to being good at math?
How many marks are increased in the moderation policy of the CBSE?
How should one face their ''relatives'' when one was unable to score even fair marks in 2 consecutive important exams?
When will the class 11 session start in 2017?
How can I become a great student in high school and get great grades?
Can I do a BBA after 12th computer science (without accounts)?
What are some of the things that you did as part of the house system at your high school?
Can I repeat 12th from CBSE to MP boards and change stream too?
What is your advice regarding Personal Financial Security to teenagers just out of high school?
How do I get a government job easily after 12th science?
Would it be difficult to give a chatbot personality traits based on a system like astrology, with 12 timers with different periods, and 12 values each?
How can one do higher studies abroad?
How difficult was PESSAT 2017?
What should be done to score marks easily in the ICSE 10 exam?
What should I say to my autistic male high school teacher?
What classes does a South Korean high school student need to study?
Can I get an education loan at 40 lakhs and without any collateral security for abroad undergraduate studies?
How do I maintain a good teacher -student relationship, after passing out from college?
When will we see a Career Counselor in schools in Pakistan? When will the school's administration realized its true importance and significance?
How much will you pay for a tutor?
How do I study organic chemistry with coaching?
Can students learn database management straightaway after their graduation from school?
Is there is any use of 12th standard board marks to join in the research​ field?
What is the CBSE pattern for class 11th for 2017-18?
Which schools in Chennai gives seats for 80% for +1?
What do you think about Self Dabba’s statements of recent times by AP C. M. ChandraBabu?
What should one do after the final year results have been declared for an undergraduate of the School of Open Learning? My results were declared in November 2016.
Are there any IIT engineers who fully dedicated themselves to social service e.g., education?
How can you letter in high school?
Do my class 12 marks really matter if I’m taking the chartered accountant entrance exam - CPT?
What are your tips for getting motivated to do homework?
How did Mark Zuckerberg become successful without college education?
Which is the best reference book for 9th for every subject?
Is 60.10 a good score in NIFT?
Which subject should I choose in 11th grade so that I take it forward for my higher studies in a foreign country?
Do you enjoy school?
Who is the highest preforming student you know that did not meet the A-G requirements? How are they doing after high school?
In the United States of America, do you have to go to your highschool graduation to get your diploma?
Which college can a student get if he scores 152 marks in the AKTU PCM entrance exam?
How can Science be durable and subject to change at the same time? Why is that important?
Did you ever have a student or classmate who was legitimately terrifying?
What is the best way to prepare for my chemistry 10th board exam (I'll give it in 2018)?
When will the result of class 10th 2016-17 batch come?
Who is a a teacher?
How do you like High School compared to Middle School?
GGSIPU: Is there lenient checking for reappear exams?
Will the marks of CBSE students come down this year?
What subjects are to be chosen as electives during the VTU Electronics and Communication 7th Semester?
Do students outside India refer to Indian books for math and science?
How much mark should I score to get a rank below 100 in AIIMS exam?
What are the standard books of mathematics and science for 9th standard?
What are some suggestions for the last 10-15 days before the 2017 preliminary exams? How do I relax in order to deal with my anxiety and sleeplessness?
What are the implications of the high court order on stopping CBSE from removing the marks moderation scheme this year?
What does aggregate marks in RBI grade B exam mean? Does it include all or only main subjects?
How can a teacher explain how standards-based grading works to parents?
Which university should I choose for a BBA course- LPU, UPES or Amity Business School?
Should I put my English paper up for recalculation (Karnataka PU board)? I have been given 1 mark less than the maximum for the 4 and 6 mark questions.
How is Omega Classes, Adarsh Nagar, Delhi for CBSE?
Is Stanford predominantly a STEM school?
Is a moderation policy good or bad for a 12th CBSE student who can score around 75% on his own?
Why can I focus at school but not at home?
What has the Modi government done to improve education in India?
How many questions are asked in the MAT and SAT sections of NTSE West Bengal Stage I?
Where are the best cities to get an affordable education in Canada?
What does it mean when someone learns better doing an online course rather than in a course taught by someone in person?
Is the fact in Britain they don't teach about the American Revolution as a standard "school" requirement a sign hinting they are still sore about it?
During what year should I take the board 10th CBSE?
Can anyone will share the complete study material for the CAT?
Why do I take too much time to study one topic? How can I study efficiently?
As a primary teacher in the UK, will I be paid more if I have a Master's degree instead of a Bachelor's?
If you were a paraprofessional that had to sit in a class with mentally impaired students every day, what would you do?
Should I go for the arts stream after class 12?
Will CBSE pass the student in maths of class 10?
Do I need to take biology in class 12 if I wish to pursue a BPharm at ICT Mumbai?
Are 4 AS subjects (Biology, Chemistry, Maths, and English Language) sufficient to get into a university in the UK?
Is there any petition going on against CBSE's decision of scrapping it's moderation policy?
Is it for sure that the CBSE class 12 results will be declared tomorrow?
Is it possible to prepare for the AIIMS exams in a year? How? Could anyone advise me on time management, books, and how to go through GK?
How do I file a case against CBSE to decrease the 75% criteria for NIT/IIT in 2017 as they will be giving less marks due to scrapping of moderation?
What are the best skills I should learn?
What options do I get if I choose art as a stream ahead?
How do I pull an all-nighter in high school and get better grades?
What are the best books and sample papers for the class 12 boards exam to get above 90%?
Why is the PTU grading so unfair?
What percentage of middle schoolers actually follow through with their career choices?
Who are the teachers in Vision IAS? How often do they have classes?
How can I make my class 11 physics strong for medical entrance exams?
How does Master Class recruit their instructors?
How is Sushila Birla Girls' School in Kolkota?
Is my 12 class percentage very important for my future career?
Can you statistically prove that board results don't matter in India?
Is it possible to do a diploma degree in elementary education via distance learning if I am not a teacher?
How can one do complex math problems in one's head?
How many exams will there be for class 11 in the CBSE 2017-18 academic session?
How much do secondary schools spend on training teachers?
After passing 10th, how can one get an education free of cost?
Which is the best course after 12 in medical, for good placements abroad?
What are the best books for Phase 2 of RBI B Grade Exam?
Where can I get NCERT 11th class books at a discounted price in Gurgaon?
Were all IITians topper in class 10?
What is the expected date for ICSE results for class 10?
Should School superintendents be elected officials?
Are my parents making the right decision by having me move high schools for junior year?
Do board marks matter for symbiosis?
Why is money more important than education?
How do I search for an anchor script for a school assembly?
On what aspects is education in foreign schools better than Indian schools?
How do I find the best study material for CLAT on the internet?
How will the Delhi High Court’s verdict regarding the moderation policy, affect the ICSE and ISC results?
How can I get good study skills and improve my grades in high school?
Is high school like middle school?
What is your advice to a student who is willing to leave university and start studying online?
Are there any NGO’s in Lucknow working on Children's Education?
When will KV’s process admission in class 9, I mean within how many days after declaration of the tenth result?
What are the misconceptions of Christian education?
How many marks are required on the KCET for the veterinary subject?
Is Amity admission for B.Tech open in July too?
Have you ever challenged a grade you thought was too high?
Will CBSE moderation policy is valid in session 2016-17 or not valid?
How will the delay in CBSE results affect college admissions?
Will 2018 12th class students suffer due to the moderation policy?
How can I solve x+cos(x)=ax+cos⁡(x)=ax+\cos(x)=a for xxx? Is it possible at all?
How should I start preparing for the GATE, and in which order should I study the subjects? I need to make a schedule based on the importance of each subject.
Can Indian parents get jailed if they force their kids into engineering and medical?
Which is the best career to select after the 12th class for a girl who lives in Nepal?
How do I study for Class 12 board exam if I have only 9 months left to score 95%?
My school is meant for smart kids, I generally get As and Bs, but I have 2 Cs. Is that bad? Is a C even a passing grade? What will other schools say?
Is it advisable to study too much 2 days before the exam?
What are the difficulties students face since they don’t have an ask and answer website in their college to clear their doubts about their academics?
Is there a GST exemption for the employees of private coaching tuitions for entrance examinations (for both non teaching and teaching staff)?
Is a rank of 329 (AIR) good enough for NCHMCT? Can I get an educational loan? If yes, then how much? What college preferences should I make?
Have you successfully cheated in an GCSE or A-level exam? If so, how?
Am I doomed if I don't get a Ivy League education?
Is there a moderation policy in the CBSE board result 2017?
Which countries have the most effective family planning education for school-aged children?
In the improvement exams, do they calculate the best marks, or use the whole year’s marks?
How do you prepare for IIT from Class 8 without going for coaching classes?
What are the basic education qualifications required to get admission into an agriculture college?
What does a class 12 marksheet look like?
What is it like to commute to school in NY everyday?
How do I get help with math problems online?
Can someone attend the board exams of Bangladesh (SSC, HSC etc) without ever going to school?
What are the best fashion schools in the world?
Which countries teach their students “positive attitude/thinking” in schools, and which don’t?
How do I prepare for the AIIMS exam that is 13 months from now?
Is it too late to change myself and start getting straight A's in high school if I am 15?
What was one of your closest calls in high school?
Is there a way for me to earn a sort of exemption, or otherwise get out of taking a core high school class in Louisiana, US?
Can we join a medical course after doing 12th in a non-medical PSEB?
What are the best short time courses after HSC (science)?
Can I get admission in Amity BBA?
Do students from Amity Lucknow have to go to their other branches for placements?
What subjects are included in the merit for science and math stream students?
What is Gordon Miller's educational qualification?
Should I do extra work on projects for a better grade?
Is plus 1 and plus 2 maths taught as a bridge course in CSE spec. in bioinformatics at VIT? Or is it just plus 2 maths?
Should I read more books as a teenager to get smarter and have better grades in school?
How can I grasp concepts fast and get good grades in high school?
What was score of het Shah in AIIMS 2016?
What are the physical and email addresses of the director of Amity University in Noida?
Should I submit fees first and then get an educational loan?
Can I study architecture courses if I haven't passed my 12 exam?
How do I get admission into the Navy after 10th?
How much does American education cost per person?
Do you feel that this high school year has been going by quickly or slowly?
What are some tips you would like to give while attempting AIIMS paper?
Can one do maths in 3 months in class 12 if one hasn’t touched the maths book yet?
What is the psychology behind someone who can't participate in a conversation without 'schooling' everyone on the subject?
What subject should I choose after 10th for banking?
How do I prepare for NEET in class 12th?
Why is it elitist in Singapore for those with a higher (or more prestigious) educational attainment to disparage those without?
What is the procedure for teaching physics in foreign countries?
Is it good or bad to marry your female teacher? And why?
Will the TN syllabus change affect the NEET in 2018?
Which are the best CBSE colleges for PCM in Bangalore?
How was your high school experience? Can you tell me your high school experience?
What is the best advice to give a future kindergarten teacher after graduating with a bachelors?
How do I manage my time for 12th board CBSE as well as for SAT and IELTS?
Do any college of AIIMS provide BHMS?
What is the minimum percentage in the Maharastra board in 2018 to be in the top 20th percentile?
How is IIEST Shibpur as an institute of engineering?
What do I need to do for architecture after 10?
Which is the best online resource for class 10th students who are weak in languages?
Which is the best job immediately after 12th commerce in India?
What makes education without philosophy?
Less than a month is left for the CPT exam. How should I study to score above 160?
If a marksheet is wrongly printed at Madras University, how does one rectify it and get a new marksheet?
Is 3.3 a good GPA for the first semester of the first year with 10 credits, and do schools like Harvard, Princeton, etc., consider the grades of the first year?
What were Vaibhav Tulsyan’s first year marks? We have the SGPA system now, so is 8.84 good?
Checking of 12 CBSE copies 2017, will it be tough
When is the 12 STD 2017?
How is the Trichy School’s CONCEPTREE program? What are the fee levels?
How do I prepare for CAT after taking 11th Commerce?
Which institute in India is best for mass communications after 12th?
What were your biggest learning while learning from and exploring the concept of spirituality with your teachers?
Can one repeat class 11 and 12 while simultaneously doing BA with it?
Which university is best in the Philippines for medical education?
What if school was a reality competition show?
How do I become a CBI officer after 12?
How can I get a 10 CGPA in 10 class?
Will CBSE moderation grant equal grace marks in subjects like chem, bio as it does in maths? (Like in maths people getting 77 can be spiked to 93)
How can I prepare to succeed in 9th grade?
Where should I study from for the CIMA professional gateway exam? Is the institute's study material sufficient?
What are the possible branches I can get at Manipal Institute of Technology, Jaipur with a rank 30,744?
What is AP intermediate?
When applying for colleges, what are the other options to show leadership besides becoming an officer at school clubs?
What should one do a day before of 10 class result?
Is the Caribbean Advanced Proficiency Examinations eligible for direct entry into an undergraduate degree course in Germany?
How many students pass out in SRM Business School?
Are bikes allowed at Manipal Institute of Technology?
Where can I get best tuitions for arts subjects in Kolkata?
Can I join event management after 12 science? If yes, then how?
What will be the effect of the CBSE’s new policy on strict checking of average students who were earlier expecting between 55-75 percentages?
How do I ask for a better grade?
What do people think about the Vietnamese education system?
How can I score the max grades in exams on lessons that are hard to study?
How can I cope with leaving teachers?
What classes and extracurriculars will help me be prepared for engineering?
Do you think a CFA will provide better investment advice, or is their advice no better than that provided with no education?
How do I get interested in studying and get better grades in high school?
Is there any free hacking courses available (standard courses)?
As a high school student who's passionate about AI, how can I start learning it?
Who can earn more as an RBI grade B?
What are the flaws of the current education system?
What are the prerequisites to start a primary school and how does one get CBSE affiliation?
What should be the study plan for the RBI Grade B officer exam in 2018?
When will the ISC board results come out for 2017?
When will the Maharashtra HSC 2017 results be declared?
How can I stop thinking about my grades in high school and about school and just improve my grades?
Why are NCERT books preferred for higher classes?
What study method should I use to be efficient, not spend as much time studying and get better grades in high school?
What apps are helpful for students?
When are the 2017 Maharashtra state Board 12th results going to be released?
What will happen to the CBSE board result now that the high court has rejected its appeal for moderation?
What is being a student at Dreyfoos School of the Arts like?
Should I take language classes until full literacy or professional reading/writing?
How can I get better grades and straight A's in high school and how should I study for that?
What is the effect of the high court’s decision on the CBSE class 12 results?
Who will conduct the NEET 2018, the CBSE or any other committee?
Can you make a Udemy course using an iPhone?
Which marks will be added in class 12th if we can take improvement exams in class 12th?
What is the meaning of sequence number and class in flight boarding pass?
Is there really any point of going to college, when there's so much more easily accessible information on the internet?
How could you describe the level and quality of education and educational resource availability in the Philippines?
Are there any people on Quora who are pro school choice and well versed in the topic?
Does Amity University provide 50% scholarships on the basis of 12th results?
How can I score a 98% in commerce on the CBSE Class 12 exam with math?
Are many students going to fail in CBSE this year?
Why do many American children throw away the vegetables and fruits from their school lunches?
In 12th class if I fail in 2 subjects then what should I do?
I completed my 12th class in 2012, what is the best course and programme for me to pursue?
Do 10th grade marks really matter in life?
What sort of education do most Google employees get?
Is there any change in the marking scheme in cCBSE2017?
What was your first thought when you finished writing your HSC (Grade 12 Board Exams)?
Which course should I choose after 12 non-medical to get a job in America?
What are the benefits of attending fitness classes?
Which college is best for the 11th?
How does one become an ethical hacker after class 12?
What is the difference between private SCHOOL and regular SCHOOL?
Should I take IT or CCE at Manipal if I have a problem with rote learning?
What is a revised mark sheet in CBSE?
What are the differences between a fitness trainer certificate and diploma? Would I be able to get hired if I enroll in a recognized school/class?
What does "Study the historian before you begin to study the facts" mean?
How is teaching a Mumbai University music course?
What are the pros and cons of opting for home-schooling for our children?
This year, the BHU BSc Biology paper was tougher than the previous year as many students said. Is this true?
Is there any science behind students just not understanding certain subjects, no matter how hard they try?
Can I be a good student in maths in 3 months?
Which is better for studying: Siddha or Ayurvedha?
How important was painting to you when you were at primary school? Why?
Which one will be a better option, SICSR, Pune BBA (IT), UPES, Dehradun BBA (digital marketing), SRM, and Kattankulathur BBA?
Can one get 100 marks in social studies, in Haryana secondary examination?
Are PUC/12th grade marks included in calculating PESSAT 2017 ranks?
What are the best individual online courses for high school students?
Is reading my textbook and trying to recite the information I just read an effective way to get better grades in high school?
How would teachers catch cheaters if smart contact lens were invented?
In MBBS study, we have to revise many times but I don't like to revise. How do I make it a daily habit?
Do American children still learn cursive these days?
How will I get to know my Class X CBSE result without the roll number or any other details, I only have the CBSE Affiliation number?
How was ICSE 2017 papers?
Should I answer practice questions while checking my book to study and get better grades in high school?
Which are the best places to do my undergraduate?
One of my teachers purposely said and taught the entire class something wrong. What should I do?
What happens to education without philosophy?
Which subject should I read to make the Air Force?
Does 0.9¯0.9¯0.\bar9 equal 111?
How's the situation of employment for students who graduated from Sheridan College? My subject is computer animation.
Is it okay have a break for preparation for the NEET and AIIMS?
How do I prepare for 9th grade? I want to be the top of my class and to know a lot.
What do you think about the school system where you live?
When will the ISC declare it's 12th results?
What is the easy way to get good marks in 11 CBSE?
If you could only pick 7 school subjects from elementary to senior high, what are they?
How does it feel knowing that you won't be graduating with your class?
Do you have to create a study timetable to study effectively? What are good alternatives?
What are the homeschooling prices?
Can CBSE release class 12 results 2017 when the case on moderation policy is still in the court?
What should I choose after 10 to become an actuary?
What are the best sites to learn something new?
Is there an exam to get a seat in the IIA, after 12?
What is the best education after 2nd PUC in commerce?
Can I give bank exams after passing 12th std.?
Should I take MGM Indore or drop a year to try for AIIMS Delhi?
What is CBSE moderation policy?
Is India's bilingual education system halting some brilliant students' progress in research and other wings of education?
Will colleges care if I don't take honors English or AP English lang/lit?
How should I study to get better grades in high school and become a valedictorian?
What states take track and field seriously for high school?
Is it possible to get 100 percent marks in music in 10+2 after opting it just from 10+1?
How should I use the method of "teaching others" to get better grades in high school?
I​ got 50% in the class 12 (commerce) examination. Can I take the CA-CPT exam?
Can I homeschool my children in Morocco?
Will the ISC marking scheme be affected by the moderation policy?
I have graduated from school with PCMB (ISC Board). What should I pursue for MBA, BSc, BBA or BBM? What will be more beneficial?
What are the best books for JEE aspirants in class 11?
Where can I take online ECE classes in San Mateo?
What is a good approach to study economics for UPSC?
Is studying for 3 hours a day except coaching enough for the JEE (and 6 hrs when there is no school)?
Are there only 350 general seats in AIIMS UG?
What is Lycos computer education?
Why should I opt for BBA?
In which subject will CBSE provide grace marks now after the high court orders?
What subjects are you currently studying just for fun?
How can I crack the NDA, as I am currently studying in class 12 and this is my first attempt? I don't have any idea about class 12 maths?
What is best after 10th, engineering or medical?
What are some of the best undergraduate schools for chemistry?
Will government colleges consider improvement mark sheets?
How do you put down an annoying/mischievous student in class?
What is effect of the marks moderation policy on individually-scored marks in the CBSE board exams?
How do I get a failing grade up to a passing grade in less than a week?
What will the CBSE do now as Delhi’s High Court has directed the CBSE to continue with its grace marks policy?
How is the ACPC rank calculated for CBSE Board students?
Is maintaining the same GPA throughout high school difficult?
What was your strategy for history optional, and how did you score good marks in it?
What career options do I get in science stream if I go ahead with it and from which subjects?
Which is the best job oriented course to study after class 12 which does not include maths?
Before jumping into HC Verma, should I use another book for class 11?
What is the most frustrating thing about going to high school to you?
How can I study for the NEET entrance exam? I'm in class 12 now.
How should I prepare for ICSE class 10th?
Where can I find the 2016 AIIMS question papers if they’re available in any book (offline)?
What is the evaluation system in Japan?
What is the meaning of the Marks Moderation Policy?
How can I become good in math?
Will ISC also continue with the moderation policy for year 2017?
How can I pass my GCSE Biology exam tomorrow?
What would be the strategy for AIIMS before the exam?
What are requirements to be a teacher for class 12?
What is the best way to study NCERT Biology to have all the information available in it at my fingertips?
Why do people love to show off their degree on Quora?
What happens at a high school senior brunch?
What are some important chapters for the JIPMER exam?
What is it like to be a student of Vidhyaa Vikas for 10th or 12th Standard?
How is the art stream for future career?
What is the downside of regularising private schools in India?
Is Kalyani Central Model School a dummy school?
Which subjects should one choose in standard 11 commerce?
Should I take long term coaching for AIIMS Delhi 2018?
What is the schedule for students of different semesters in IISERK throughout the week? Are there classes on Saturday too?
Is it okay to avoid the ranking system in the public examinations?
What does moderating marks mean in ISC and CBSE?
Can I qualify for Vocational rehabilitation, if I already have a college degree? If so, which benefits can I qualify for?
If 4n+2n=24n+2n=24^n+2^n=2, what’s nnn?
How can you break math?
I have an irregular IB diploma without any sciences and I want to major in business. Does this affect my admissions anywhere?
What documents am I supposed to carry to the examination centre for AIIMS entrance exam?
What should I prefer to choose after completing my 12th bio-maths group?
Is an MBA good for BIPC students?
The Delhi HC directed the CBSE to continue with the moderation policy this year. The ISC hasn't announced anything. Will the ISC keep moderation this year, too?
What could the top percentile be of the Maharashtra state board 12th results?
Is there any reason to be for Betsy DeVos and her education plan? It's hard to find unbiased facts.
What is the minimum percentage that I need to score in 12th board to become a petroleum engineer?
Since I got very low marks in the 12 exam, what should I do?
How can I make my timetable in 11th STD for 10 days?
What happens if you leave a child at school?
What are career option in mathematics after class 12?
Should I commit to Architecture (UG) at Newcastle University or Financial Economics (UG) at the University of Kent?
What education is needed to become an embyrologist?
What are the chances for ISC students in Tamilnadu?
Why do teachers that classes you failed, hate you? My math teacher despises me and I do not even have her as a teacher anymore.
How do I prepare for RMO in class 10?
Are vegans in the USA more likely to be educated?
What is the alternative to "The Tempest" drama for ISC 2019?
How can I score the max grades on exams on lessons that are hard do study?
How can I pass my California C-10 exam?
Are there any correlations between the NEET and AIIMS marks?
What's the best study method for high school that is effective and that doesn’t involve lots of reading?
Should I study in high school to get better grades by trying to lecture the material to someone else or should I create questions and answer them?
If the teacher chooses 3 students, what is the probability that none of the three of them play soccer?
Is science a popular subject?
Why did you take a gap before college?
What is the last mark of an SC candidate who got into AIIMS for an MBBS in 2016?
Can I write GATE after completing 12th?
So when is the final date for CBSE 12th board results?
What is the confirmed date of the result of Maharashtra HSC Board 2017?
How can I analyze info, and understand it and get better grades in high school instead of memorizing the theory?
What are the perks of an outcome-based education?
What study method should I use in high school to study to get better grades and understand the material?
Which is the best maths book of class 8?
Should you teach methods/techniques/facts to people that you don't apply?
How should I use the studying method of teaching others to get better grades?
What subjects can we take in B.S.C to become an IFS officer?
Is Vanasthali good for my daughter in class six?
Is there any famous university from the UK or the US that provides online leadership classes and certificates?
Does Global Shiksha, Edurite, etc., really help children in education?
Will only students of Delhi benefit from the moderation policy?
What is the criteria to get an admission to the UG medical college after 12th CBSE?
What is the most practical line of work with a 4-year degree in Translation and a TESOL Certification? Should I go back to school and practice?
Is the checking of the ISC Board exam going to be strict this year?
Is Sophia College for Women good for my daughter for class 11th if she wants to take arts or humanities?
Why is there discrimination in education/academics in the US?
I have a terrible math teacher, what resources can I use to help my grade?
If the Indian education system is better than the American education system, why are all the best companies in tech from the USA (and the West) and not India?
How can I focus in class and stop making stupid jokes during class?
Can I take any B.Com course in DU if I am from a commerce without maths stream?
In importance sampling, what is the difference between p(x)p(x) p(x)  and q(x)q(x) q(x) ?
Which exam is required to become an education visa agent?
How can I study hard and smart to get better grades in high school?
How are German school children taught about WWII?
Is it really tough for a second year dropper to crack AIIMS?
Would it be hard for a student from Kerala to make friends at Amity University, Noida?
How important, would you say, going to college is?
Can I take the courses of foreign language in college just with my IELTS score? I don't want to study abroad for 3 or 4 years.
How I should manage time in my ICSE board examination?
What should I know about being a freshman in high school? (I will be in 2 years, but still.) Is it initially rewarding, or always terrible?
When will the 12 CBSE results come out?
What is a valid excuse for wanting to switch out a swimming semester in HS with another activity for physical education?
Which is the best college for post graduation?
Should I study while watching TV as a teenager looking to get better grades?
Can a 12th class student do an unpaid internship under a CA after boards?
How do I become great at sports and become athletic as a teenager in high school?
Are there any tools to prepare for the Educational Record Bureau’s CTP-4 standardized test?
Do quarter grades matter?
Which books should I follow for CBSE class 11 in chemistry and physics if my concepts are weak?
How hard is it to teach coding?
Which is the best career option after class 10? Which stream will provide me with more job opportunities?
Are questions that are answered and marked for review evaluated in AIIMS exam?
How can I fill Olympiads like IMO which require a school whereas I have taken dummy admission as I am studying in a coaching institute?
Can I crack the RBI Grade B exam in my 1st attempt?
When did you realize you had made the right career choice?
Why can't American colleges allow direct entry to medical school at age 18 like the rest of the world? Wouldn't this be more cost-effective?
How can children in school support technology growth?
Which subject should I choose after the 10th to study law?
When will the CBSE class 12 results be published?
Where is the best education in the US or in Russia?
What's life like after high school?
Why aren't many young educated people in India leaning towards bettering their political scenario or not participating in it to bring out a change?
Will the ISC board give grace marks now, after the HC order?
Will CISCE also declare results after moderation of marks like CBSE this year?
What are your views on the recent CBSE board results, in which Delhi's government schools have performed better than private ones?
How many students appear for the IPU CET BbA exam?
What should I do to stop talking in class, stop making friends, and just focus on learning in high school?
How will the Delhi high courts order for the moderation policy to be implemented now, when all class 12 CBSE papers have already been checked?
How should I study and what study method should I use to become like Einstein as a teenager?
What are the global trends in education today?
How do I suggest a course for a weak student after intermediate?
What are the best and worst things in an American high school (in terms of people and experience as opposed to work)?
Why is it considered disrespectful to not attend classes you do not want to go to?
What things are taught in ECE and what practical things will I be able to make after the course?
Should I take computer science or biology in 11 for science?
Do other ethnic minority groups get jealous over Jewish and East Asian immigrants because of their wealth and education status?
Which is best, between an RBI Grade B officer and a state PSC?
What should I do? I am a 12th class student and I have got an opportunity to work in TV serials?
How do I become curious, learn everything in high school, and get better grades?
How can one get a 90+ score in the CBSE board exams of 2017-2018?
Is a bachelor's degree enough these days?
What marks does one have to score in each subject to get 90% in 12th board?
As a regular student, can I complete the second and third years of a degree in one year by giving those exams in the same year, in Hyderabad, Telangana colleges?
Is it compulsory to study maths in plus 2 for a BCA?
What we can do after learning accounts commerce in 12th?
Can CBSE go against the order of Delhi HC?
How do I stop being a failure in high school and get better grades, improve them and become a great student?
Which 5 subjects are selected in class 11 and 12 in the arts department?
What is the process for admission to AIIMS colleges?
Do you know anyone who wasted class 11th but studied a lot in class 12th and got selected in IIT?
What are railway convent schools?
How do I download solutions of class 12 KC mathematics?
What can I do after class 12 in commerce (CEBA)?
Is studying especially important in high school?
Are there any options to pursue higher education in data science while working in TCS?
Why should I get a liberal arts education coupled with a maths major?
Which agricultural college or university would be best for masters in entomology studies?
How relevant is the 2017 syllabus of ISC with that of CBSE?
Should I study by takin notes and lecturing, making questions out of subheadings or by using flashcards to get better grades in high school?
Is it possible to know how much grace marks you've got in class 12 CBSE board?
What are the best universities for a B.Tech quality education irrespective of placement records?
How do I hide my CBSE class 12 boards results from others?
Is there any book or online course available to understand economics?
Which is the best book of Accountancy and Commerce for ISC board class 11?
Can you study architecture and art at the same time?
Do high marks scorers also get grace marks in the CBSE moderation policy?
Did anyone got into MBBS after scoring 40% or 50% in 12th?
Can we change our stream in 12?
Why my English teacher told not to study from English trainers in ACL?
Is the GOAL Institute in Patna better than the Aakash Institute?
What is the best guide book for CBSE for science?
Is there any good looking girl in Amity Noida?
How does a failed candidate check their marks on the CDSE exam?
I have scored 110 marks by solving AIIMS 2014 paper what are the chances that I can perform well in AIIMS 2017?
What does your school's uniform look like?
Is it advisable to take ECE if I am not good at physics?
I study German in one group with Arabs and Syrians. The teacher is a Jew. She is often rude. I am not allowed to change the group. Is there a way out?
After graduating high school in Canada, I have to go back to Singapore for 2 years. What will my university entry/application process look like then?
How is the EPIM course of the BSE Institute? Is it worth it for a salaried professional?
How was the ICSE board exam?
Do kindergarten and 6th grade teachers earn differently in salary?
When will CBSE class 12 result come after the order from HC regarding the moderation policy?
What do you plan on doing after high school?
What are the best books for science students in class 11?
What should you do when you don't recieve an award that you are supposed to get?
In the ICSE 2017 in mathematics, I drew the wrong number line. How many marks will be deducted?
How do I select a good colllege after 12?
How do I devote equal time to each subject while preparing for JEE?
What happened to the top-scoring kid in your class?
Would anyone take an online course about all the tools needed to create online courses?
How can I manage my PCM subjects perfectly?
Is there any thing like an MBA in nanotechnology?
Most of the toppers of AIIMS recommend NCERT. Is that really enough for 2017?
Which is better after 12th class, a diploma or a B.Tech?
In Mumbai University’s engineering program, if I take a golden subject and the passing marks are 24, will I get some grace marks? How many?
I am going to fail in my 12 board exams. How do I deal wIth it?
What are some ethical challenges that a teachers face?
How should I study and what study technique should I use to improve all of my grades in high school?
What are the competitive exams that I can give in class 11th?
Can you gain a well rounded education surfing and reading the web?
What is CBSE correspondence?
What are the best reference books in class 11 science stream?
How can I absorb knowledge, understand, learn and get better grades?
When will the IP BBA results be announced?
Being under 18, how can I get my GED as soon as possible?
How should I study in the 7th class in order to clear the JEE?
What is the meaning of undergraduate courses?
How can I prepare for the resonance CTs so I can score good marks and get into the A1 batch?
What big advancements in maths have happened since 2000?
What are the books recommended to crack AIIMS other than NCERT and Allen modules?
What are the differences between Army Public Schools and Sainik Schools in terms of discipline, army culture and general timetable?
Can we start college before completing the 2nd PUC supplementary exam?
Will your grade be higher if it's under a point or percentage system?
How do I become great at maths and physics in high school?
Where can I download RD Sharma for class 12 as a PDF for free?
What is the education qualification needed to apply for the Dell Company?
How useful is a Udemy online business course in the UK?
What is the best way to finish high school as a freshmen?
What is more important: knowledge or effort?
What is the difference between people teaching "how to make money" and me teaching "how not to lose money"?
Why is the bodybuilder or the fittest guy of a class normally poor in studies? Do extra physical exercises decrease your grades in academics?
How do I free download Simplified Physics 9th Class by Dinesh & co.?
How many marks are required for CPT?
What is the best stream in WBUT?
What is the group​ code for CBSE 12th?
Which is the best book for the learning basics of programming? I have just completed C++ up to the class 12 level for the CBSE boards?
Why should one study banking?
Is CBSE improvement exam for 12th worth taking? What is the level of checking there? Is there any scope for success?
How do I prepare in the last minute for exams?
Are there any competitive math exams that a first year engineering student can take?
Why do teachers teach 25% and ask students to look up for 75% and still ask less than 25% in exams?
Is the ICSE 2019 syllabus changing?
What would happen if every kid in the USA, K-12, stopped showing up at school during the school year in protest?
What is the relationship between philosophy of life and education?
Has the CBSE ever declared their results twice, once before there was less inflation of the marks and once after there was more inflation of the marks?
Is history a tough subject after 10th?
What is the difference between a BBA and a BBA (IB)?
What are the actual rights guaranteed to a US high school student?
Do FIITJEE teach JEE syllabus to class 9 student?
Why is school mandatory in the U.S.?
How do I decline a call on WhatsApp?
Do you guys think that education can abolish terrorism?
In which subject can we get moderation in CBSE class 12 2017 examination?
Does academia claim to be the only means through which someone can prove himself/herself an expert in a field?
How many students passes IMUCET every year?
Why do schools need music programs?
How should one regularly review the syllabus for class 11 in class 12 to prepare for the NEET and the AIIMS in 2018?
As a teacher, in what way does media psychology help you to understand your students better?
What is the education quality in AD the Design College in New Delhi?
Who is a school teacher?
How do I become a great student again, get good grades in high school and stop being a procrastinator?
Where can I find free online courses in quantum physics and Italian language with (free or not) certificate?
Should we teach everything early?
When will the 12th CBSE results be announced?
What are your thoughts about moderation on class 12 marks?
If a person gets 70% marks, up to what extent can his marks be increased by moderation? Is it possible that he can get an 80 plus?
What percentage of the time do you actually pay attention in a class?
Do middle school teachers have a right to give the student a hard time in a classroom if they struggle to learn?
How should the education system work?
What happens if you fail in the 10th class takeover exam?
How does school work in Uganda?
Do I need permission from my parents to drop out of high school?
What is the best course to take when you have get 60% in 12th (science)?
Do you think more needs to be done in your country to make sure that school kids and working people are able to enjoy their weekend?
Can someone get into a good college affiliated with Delhi University with a 90% in board exams?
Why isn't European history a part of Indian education system?
As of yesterday, Delhi HC asked CBSE not to scrap the moderation policy. To what extent can marks be given for PCM subjects?
Can I get admission in any college for a BSc with 12% in 12th class?
How do I study in 1st year engineering?
Moderation is stopped for this year for CBSE class 12. How hard is it now to score 90+ or 80+?
What habits or strategies can a BME student develop to help with getting good grades?
What is the impact of CBSE delaying exam results on students getting admission in TN colleges via counselling?
Are you interested in AP ideas?
What should a 12th pass candidate know before starting his undergrad in CSE?
Which group should I take after 10th?
How can I become a workaholic and studyaholic and get better grades in high school?
A teacher in my school referred to pupils as d*ckh**ds and scum. Is there anything I can do?
Will a person get grace marks of 4–5 marks in two subjects in 2017 if his marks in math are 70?
Can I get my mark sheet number when the CBSE results are released?
How much scholarship does an ST student get in AIIMS?
Why is it required for a student to learn stuff in school for long years which has no application in reality?
Do you think that going to college to be a doctor is really worth all the training and years that it actually takes to become one?
Can someone share class 11th commerce notes?
How can technology enhance learning?
What type of education system, curriculum, pedagogy, and possibilities would you like to have?
Will I pass the 12th class if I have written all nonsense?
What do you do when you get bad grade in school?
Is French literature a good course to study?
How difficult is getting good marks in GATE exam?
Would anyone be willing to do my online chemistry class for money?
Is a 5 year integrated engineering course a better one?
What is the difference between junior college and higher secondary school?
What is the importance of a student council at a school?
How will CBSE implement moderation policy again if paper has been already checked?
What is the process of changing your name in India after 12th standard?
Who is the best teacher?
In what college would I get direct admission into a B.Tech with 61.5% in 12th class?
What will happen to class 12 students after the Delhi HC decision, and how will the CBSE moderate by delaying results?
What is more important when it comes to university admission, good grades in an AP class or a good score on the AP test?
Can I get exemption on a law paper if I get marks above 60 in law and zero marks in the rest of my three papers, i.e. accounts, SFM and audit?
Is it the school's fault that students cheat?
When are the 10th class standard results expected?
What is cram school?
How do you know when you study hard?
What is the best useful guide for class 10 CBSE mathematics?
What are the pros and cons of taking a year off of work to go back to school for a Masters program?
Which maths concepts book is best for IIT levels?
What is the feedback on Antwerp Management School in Belgium?
How does a teacher handle an intimate relationship with his student to maintain a good reputation?
I am working in Service Desk. I like to complete a course in Citrix. What is the best course that I can opt for?
How much should I pay someone while I'm teaching them a skilled trade?
Is management easy for those who have studied 11-12 std. in science?
Who are the Maharashtra Board HSC Toppers?
Is Loyola College coed for the BBA?
How do I prepare for AIIMS 2018 so that I can have a secure seat in AIIMS New Delhi (my dream college)?
Which is the best creative writing course for distance education?
If I finish all certificates on freeCodeCamp, how long will I have to wait to start working on a nonprofit project?
Which is toughest, AIIMS or IIT?
Is the education system in Tamil Nadu good enough for a school student, as well as a college student, to shine outside the state?
How do I place in a diploma college and what is the procedure to get into that?
What are the best university to study biotechnology in the world?
What are the best educational activities for toddlers?
Is sex between teachers and students in high school or middle school more common than most people realize?
How can I understand the material in high school and get better grades instead of just memorising and failing?
Does education make you a better person?
Are Muslim students treated well in public Catholic high schools in Ontario, Canada?
Is it true that the Gujrat board are going to adopt the CBSE board?
What is the present status of those schools in Delhi which interview the child's parents to award admission to nursery or primary education to the child?
What's that one advice you'll give to a person who has just finished his graduation?
What study method should I use to get better grades in high school and become a great student?
Why do people against school choice argue that public schools will lose funds when that is exactly the point?
How do you like school absence penalty notice?
Does year 11 count towards your ATAR score?
How do I get urgent duplicate 10th passing certificate in Rajasthan board?
What are some tips for making a resume in high school?
Does the language or writing system that people in your country use online differ from the one taught in schools? If so, why?
Have you ever had teachers who call their students "Mr." and "Miss"? And if you're a teacher, do you do so yourself?
What surprised you most about American high school culture?
In a BBA course, do I need to conduct sales of any product? Is that compulsory?
How many of you are in support of or in against of CBSE's moderation policy?
How can I become my own professor and learn high school material alone? What study method should I use?
Can I get admission in Amity university mechanical engineering on the basis of class 12th result rather than on the score of Amity-JEE?
Is having a good education system good for the economy?
Do employers find MOOCs certificates from Coursera or edX valuable?
Can a Nepali student compute for JEE after class 10?
Does an expert PU college provide coaching for the AIEEE?
What are the assisting technology used in classroom today?
What is a good book to study string theory at a level higher than Zwiebach's that is appropriate for an advanced undergraduate physics student?
Which course would be worth doing after XIIth, BBA or BJMC?
Which education is best and why, mindfulness learning in the West vs rote learning and drilling in the Middle East and Asia?
What is the salary of a junior, non-academic in AIIMS, Delhi?
Which NCERT books are really important for CSE? 6 to 12th, or only 11th & 12th standard?
What is the best way to study anatomy for a curriculum in medicine?
When reading to study for high school, should I read the entire chapter or only the summary at the end of it to improve my grades?
What is it like to attend a forest kindergarten?
How much did Anurag Kumar get in AIIMS?
On what basis of answering in paper in class 12 CBSE a student get passed?
Can a supplementary student take the MBBS entrance exam?
How can I find interest in school again?
Isn't it unfair for a CBSE improvement exam student if he is allotted the same room at an exam centre where he sits together with a compartment exam student?
There are some questions outside NCERT asked in the XII board. Will CBSE give marks for such questions after removal of the moderation policy?
Should I go for BMS or baf after 12?
What sectors should I choose after doing biology in class 12?
Is tommorow CBSE 12th results? What is the timing and website to check result?
What is an easy subject for graduation?
Should I take biology or biotechnology as an elective in the CBSE in grade 11 as I want to do biomedical engineering in the USA as an undergraduate?
What are the accurate answers of Math ICSE 2017?
Will my 10th CBSE marks help my 12th CBSE marks?
What should I study to become an ambassador?
What do you think will CBSE revaluate papers after court order?
How good is Cork Institute of Technology?
It is 2 weeks until baccalaureate (finals) as the worst student. What should I do?
What language do you take at school?
When will the online admissions start for a 12th science student in suburban Mumbai?
What are teaching methods or methodologies of teaching?
Is the 11th State Board bio-maths group hard enough?
Shouldn't economics be taught in high school as a required course?
What are the good ways to get an experienced developer to teach you some skills?
How can I make studying in high school fun and get straight A's?
Is the university life really more fun than high school?
What are the benefits of the NIOS over CBSE/state for JEE/NEET preparation?
When will the result of 10th CBSE declared?
What is the latest NAAC ranking of humanities colleges? What are all the A grade colleges in India?
What are the courses available at DU for a commerce student?
Will high school AP Prob/Stats and Calculus be too confusing to take a test the same time?
What is the best degree course?
Which subjects are most needed for a future pilot who is in 12 standard?
What is the best advice that you can give to anyone in high school?
Is it a good idea to move to the US with teenage kids (10th grade and 6th grade)?
Can we get an education loan in third year as well with 3 backs?
What are the advantages of technology in education?
How can I get good marks in 12th biology-maths group to get a medical seat in AIIMS or JIPMER?
How can I stop being bored at school, get interested and get better grades?
How is the education system in Finland?
How does education help people?
Is the high school diploma itself important?
What are the options available, other than MBBS, if I have taken pure science with computer in class 11 and 12 CBSE?
What are the greatest obstacles for diversity in higher education?
Are the B.Sc microbiology courses good in Amity University, Noida and Jaipur?
What is educational equality?
In which year should we write 10th Board for CBSE?
Good placement score? I am in 7th grade, and hoping to score above the 85th percentile in Math MAP/NWEA. What score should I aim for?
Are you out at school? If so, what is it like? If not, why, and would you like to be?
What is the difference between. Giving grace marks and not spiking marks in CBSE? I am really very confused.
Who serves his country more, a doctor or a teacher?
After completing class 12, what is the highest post in the police that I can get?
When will the ISC result 2017 be out?
Which physics book is the best for class 10th?
Should I pursue psychology from Amity University Gurgaon?
Is Tata McGraw Hills now McGraw Hills Education?
What should I do after my 10 ICSE apart from preparing for SAT?
Can a student study the 11th class science stream on his own, without going for any classes?
Will NEET 2017 be reconducted due to the difficulty level of the papers being different?
Which acting school in Mumbai do you suggest joining?
I attend Aakash coaching classes and as a result I get only about 3 hours for studying. Is NCERT syllabus enough for securing a seat in SRM/NIT?
How is the geospatial technology course at Manipal?
What are the math standards for a high school student who wants to go to MIT?
Who has taken the OSSU Computer Science curriculum? If so, what tips would be beneficial for approaching it?
Which topic is the best for demo class 11?
How can I get into climate change research after 12th class?
What is it like to study in MGIMO?
How can I become good at school and get better grades in high school? How should I study?
What's your take on experiential education? How do you think travel experiences can transform learning for kids?
Is it ok to study only the "Concepts of Physics" by HC Verma and not the NCERT book for class 12 board and AIPMT entrance?
What is a BSMS course in India?
Why did all of the faculty of Vibrant Academy leave?
If a person wants to become an astrophysicist, which field should he study after 12th standard in India?
Will CBSE won't scrap moderation policy this year?
How does the content in biology differ for a person who does a BSc in bio and physics from a person who does a BSc only in biology?
From where can I get +1 ISC paper?
How was CBSE's syllabus before 2008?
If a student scores less than 60% in class 12th then can they continue to study B.Tech at KIIT University?
Did you go to school late before?
Why such policy is needed to compensate our evaluation of education?
Which units should 8th semester ECE VTU students study?
Can I make it to a decent engineering college in India without any interest in maths and science?
What should I do to study smart and get good grades rather than hard and getting bad grades?
What are the top 5 math topics high schoolers are scared of?
How do I get an IGNOU BPP solved assignment without any charges?
How does IB physics HL compare to AP physics and High school physics (USA)?
How can I learn (understand better) high school biology, chemistry, and math in 2 weeks?
What is the net worth of Study IQ Education owner Dr. Gaurav Garg, in crores if rupees?
Is there any coaching after 10th for UPSC?
Does Osmania University BE add grace marks if we have backlogs by end of the semester?
How do I get most out of online learning?
What scholarships are available for a student wanting to study for an UG qualification abroad?
What are the branches of engineering available after class 12 in India?
What can a physically challenged, university educated, computer literate, home bound person, do to earn a living?
What are some class 11 topics to study for NSEJS?
Generally, Which SET is the easiest in class 12th board?
Is Arihant good for the 11th CBSE exam?
Which book has easy methods for class 12?
What is the educational background of Tata Group’s new CFO, Sourabh Agarwal?
Is it good to take mechatronics at the bachelor’s level (for undergraduate study)? Or should we take it at the master’s level?
I am moving from Mumbai, India to Dallas and I am a US citizen. Since I have done grade 11 in India, what documents are required and what is the procedure for admission into high school in the US?
What course can be taken after finishing computer science group in 12th in CBSE?
What are some of the best universities in the US in which to pursue a Master’s in Computer Science through distance education?
What does a school/district director of technology do?
What is the procedure to get an admission at Kendriya Vidyalaya for 11th standard ?
Why didn’t the CBSE decide to scrap the moderation policy before commencement of the 12th board session?
Where I can find a STEM Education community?
How can I absorb/learn the material while in class in high school?
How good are Mechanical Academy’s classes?
What is the best YouTube channel to prepare for CBSE class 12 (PCM)?
Are the MTG Foundation course class 10 books enough for a math and science Olympiad?
Which course should take after 10 std if I was intrested in drawing?
The NEET this year was easier than before. Can we expect AIIMS to be simple, too, so that we can be mentally prepared to score more than last year?
Can a student with an Open University degree study abroad?
Is formal education the safest path to financial security?
Is choosing UCMS, Delhi over AIIMS (other than Delhi) a wise decision?
Can I get admission in any private college of greater Noida after passing out from NIOS?
Is the reason high schools are called that because everyone gets high during this period in school?
Which course is best to learn as a CASE student?
Can I get a scholarship even if I had failing grades?
What is the WWW in math?
Do I really need a teacher for learning math?
Is there a list of where I can get mock PRINCE2 Practitioner exam papers?
What are colleges for BA with just 50% in 12 class?
What will happen if CBSE moves to SC against moderation?
Is Amity University, Noida recognised by the Kerala bar council?
Do teachers teach Hindi and what is the medium of instructions in NLUs like NALSAR, NLUJ, NUJS, etc.? (I mean teaching, talking, speaking, etc.)
Why are there so much celebrations after every 10th and 12th result even though all our knowledge is checked by entrances and interviews?
For which rank of EMCET does a BIPC student get free seats in any course?
Is research possible after class 12?
What can schools do for student’s intellectual development?
Is it true that the only difference between an elite university and an average one is the quality of the professors, but the curriculum is the same?
How much percentage in SSLC (Matric) is considered to be in first class?
Are you an ex-student from SM BATHA High School in Panchgani?
Is there any website that provides the proof of various math and physics formulas? I am currently in class 10th.
How do I study for the CBSE business studies paper for class 12?
As an RBI Grade B officer, do you get a chance to do public service, like in civil services?
Which stream you chose in 11th and what was your percentage in 9th and 10th?
Can we get admission in architecture after 12th biology?
How is the BBA course at Bennet University?
Is there any need for a home/plot registry for taking an education loan for an MBBS? What is the procedure?
How will the modern no grace marks policy of the CBSE affect the students taking exams in 2018?
How do you cope with teachers insulting you?
Which one is better - BBA or 3 continent BBA from Amity Noida?
Is a BBA or the engineering stream better for girls with average IQ levels?
Where can I study renewable energy courses abroad? Are there any scholarships available for it?
As entreprenuership becomes more popular and education of entreprenuers becomes more widespread, do you think a well defined career path will emerge?
Can a person with average intelligence get good grades in school?
Which IB courses should I take if I want to major in engineering?
What is the "one year graduation" of IGNOU? I'm a bachelor in science college dropout. Can I opt for this one-year course?
When researching an elementary school for your children, what information do you look for?
How can I score 90 marks in MP board English class 12th?
Is a 276 score in NWEA Mathematics good for a 7th grader?
Will there be any effect on my marks in class 12 due to the moderation policy?
How many Udemy courses can I enrol to via coupon?
Should I stop gaming to get better grades in school and study more or should I keep gaming as a teen?
What are the educational options after 10th for a brilliant student?
What is the best way to study effectively for excellent performance in high school?
Can I appear for NEET 2018 if I failed in one subject in the CBSE board in 2017 but passed it later in the compartment exam?
How many colleges, universities and institutions in India offer a degree in psychology? Which one is the best among them?
How does one get revenge on teachers after graduation?
Should college education be free?
What should one do in the time gap when school ends and college is yet to start?
Can we write JEE Mains in 11th grade?
Can anyone get admission to Bangalore University, after passing 12th from NIOS?
Why did you choose to enroll your child in private school?
What are some widely used learning management software in Saudi Arabian schools and universities?
What are the things to look out for before selecting a preschool for your children?
Wat could be a unique idea for my biology investigatory project in class 12?
How will the class 10, class 12, and graduation percentages affect my CAT and GRE percentile?
Do many American students go to Europe for higher education because it is cheaper? What is your experience?
Is distance mode education fruitful for gov. jobs?
How can I become a priest in future?
Can I do BCOM or BBM without doing commerce as a PU student?
Which top engineering colleges in India take admission on the basis of board marks?
How do I learn all of the high school chemistry, biology and math in 2 weeks?
How many modules do you need to develop educational institution management software?
What are some of the best online law school programs?
Where can I download RD Sharma’s book free for class 12?
Do we come to know AIIMS marks immediately after exams?
What is a good course in polytechnic?
Are MTG Foundation course class 10 books enough for the math and science portion of exams like the NTSE and other scholarship exams?
For which course can I apply to complete my post graduation? I did my under graduation in electronics honors.
Is CBSE playing with our future?
What are the major qualifications to work in a restaurant after class 12?
Which college is the better choice for a BBA: NDIM or JIMS Sector-3?
Which subjects are compulsory, and which are optional, for the CBSE class 11 commerce stream?
How do I start a play group school in India?
What is a certificate number in the 10th class mark sheet in HBSE?
How can I improve myself in math this year?
Does ISC declare results on weekends?
My actual name is T. Sravan Kumar in my 10th and 12th it is T. Shravan Kumar, I have recorrected by the guzzete officer, will it be a prblm in PP?
How can I stop procrastinating and just study and get better grades?
Do teachers work during the summer?
Is it really tough for a second year dropper to crack AIIMS-Delhi 2017?
Should I do BITS previous years for AIIMS? Will that be helpful? Are questions repeated in AIIMS from BITS?
Which is more important in finding a job, education or experience?
What's the most important part of the application of universities?
What makes a school both fun and excellent? What steps or considerations should I have?
Which matters more, knowledge or experience?
When will the Karnataka CET results be announced?
Should I take AP Calc and Physics if I'm taking them as IB HL courses?
As a college professor, what is the major difference between 1997, 2007, and 2017 college freshmen?
How much easier is CBSE 12 than ICSE?
Don’t our politicians and administrators have that much guts to send their children to government schools?
Is history, politics and economics a good combination after the class 10 boards for the arts stream?
What's the difference between in CBSE and ICS in class 12 commerce?
How do I get admission in na engineering college after getting bad marks in class 12?
Is it true that Maharashtra HSC results are releasing tomorrow (25/05/2017)? And how are you feeling?
What whould you do if a student didn't want to go home?
How do I download simplified physics class 9th by Dinesh & Co. for free?
How can I motivate myself to study in university?
Why don't young people like watching the educational programs today?
Which is the better pilot school in Haryana, Uttar Pradesh or Delhi? What marks are required in 12 class to get admission in that school?
Is gender-segregated education better than coeducation?
Do you attend school in Manhasset, New York?
I am now in class 11. How should I prepare for the NDA exam?
What suggestions will you give to schools to develop their potentials?
Is it okay to not be in an elite school in Singapore?
When will the IIM IPMAT 2017 result be declared?
What's the American grading system like?
What are some valuable important points for solving case studies of business studies for class 12th CBSE?
What are the career options after 12th class PCMB in science?
Is the reservation policy in the education sector helpful for the development of the country?
Have you ever thought of a creative school?
Shall I go to an IIT if I have a bio-maths course in class 12th?
Would cut-offs be lowered because of no moderation policy in CBSE boards 2017?
Does NIFT centre really matter?
How do I score good marks in the Diploma CET exam? Which books should I read, and what tricks should be used in writing the exam?
Should I summarise the chapters from my book to study and get better grades in high school?
How do I ask my former teachers if they have any students I can tutor over the summer?
About education, what is the necessity of paying to study for Tertiary?
Are maths or CMS compulsory for the commerce stream?
Who's the worst/best teacher you had in high school?
Can I opt for B.Pharma by choosing math as a major subject in BITSAT?
What is   \text{ }555 times 1414\frac{1}{4}?
What is it like to go to school in New York?
Does Brilliant help people master undergrad maths?
Will the ICSE 2017 results be declared by May 31st?
Are the cutoffs of DU for the overall percentage of students or for a particular subject?
What are some abroad universities that accept NIOS?
How does the public school system work in Mozambique?
Why do we still make a big deal out of high school graduation?
How are grace marks given in CA exams?
What are the best ways to earn even before you finish your graduation?
Why does a teacher prefer to give reasoning type of tests?
How do I become a drawing teacher?
What is the state of language education like in Serbia?
What is the use of math in CSE?
Do you have any idea on product concepts for education?
What was the NTSE syllabus in Karnataka 2016?
What should I learn after passing high school to get admission into MIT?
How much mark should I score to get selected in AIIMS?
How many days does the FIITJEE take to allot new batches to the students after the reshuffling test?
What is the cost of home schooling and how is it carried out?
What I can do after 12th for PCM and economics?
What will be the best university choice for me?
What are the minimum marks needed to get into AIIMS for general category?
Will the CBSE give grace marks in the exam for class 12 chem 2017?
Why do those educated with jobs have difficulty escaping homelessness?
In higher studies, do candidates of IPS get a chance to study overseas after getting selected for IT services, and what are the conditions?
If everyone with 10 CGPA is 95 % then how do you rank students in 10th CBSE exam?
Is moderation really done or I'd only for saying in CBSE class 12 the results?
How can we teach innovation?
What is an easy way of teaching maths to primary school kids?
What's the best way to balance 7 hours of school, 3 hours of homework, sports, and video games?
Which is the best dummy school based on CBSE in Jabalpur?
Should you change schools if you feel your school is not good enough for you?
What is the best way to study year-round for a junior taking multiple AP classes, and in a way that can spare time for excessive homework?
What do you think about teachers who validate students based on marks?
How do I calculate the aggregate percentage in a BSc for RBI Grade B examination?
Can you teach yourself to be more witty?
What do I do I have only few hours left for chemistry board exam 1st year?
If you could create a new school subject and teach it yourself, what would it be?
Can I study my undergraduate in the USA from India by taking commerce after 10th?
What would you do better to improve the high school experience?
What is the use of maths for a medical student in India?
I have six subjects in CBSE class 12 so how should I determine the overall percentage?
Is 82% a bad score on the CBSE Class 12 if I plan on doing a CPL?
What best place for studying painting and cinema?
Is it important to have maths in 12th if I want to do BA honours (English)?
What is the last-moment strategy for AIIMS?
What do professors think of students who accept past quizzes/exams from upperclassmen who recently took their class? Is it good/bad learning approach?
What is a good idea for a school commercial project (grade 8)?
When should I take the SAT exam?
How do I to get my dual enrollment teachers to write me glowing letters of recommendations for Ivies and similar college applications?
How much rank is needed to get a seat in any AIIMS?
Which course should I choose after 12th, BBA, BBM or BBS?
How many grace marks are in KCET 2017?
What is your opinion about school life?
What are the maximum marks that can be obtained in RRB NPTC?
Should Mathematics in secondary schools be compulsory?
Should 2017, 12th board students also enter their qualifying marks in Karnataka CET before the announcement of the results?
What are the tricks to get the highest marks in English subject in my approaching +2 class?
What are the benefits of an environmental education program?
Can I turn from science stream to commerce stream after passing 12th?
What are the best exams after​ computer​ sci.?
What is the difference between biotechnology and biomedical engineering? How do I opt these after class 12? I am a PCM student.
Who was your craziest / most interesting teacher?
What is the difference between grace marks and the spiking of marks? This is the decision taken by the HRD Minister for CBSE 2017.
What are the optional and compulsary subjects in 11th CBSE with PCB?
My score in Allen CBT for AIIMS 2017 is 100. Will I be able to score more in actual exams?
How are the aggregate marks for class 12 calculated for the RBI grade B exam? Is the best of 5 or total marks?
What are all the common government exams that a UG can attend?
How do I get good marks in class 10 board examination 2018?
What are your views on Amity Gurgaon (Manesar) Campus?
As one who’s gone to virtual school and is going into a public high school next year, what are some of the things that I should expect?
How can I become a learning machine as a teenager in high school and what study method should I use to accomplish this?
What is the quickest procedure to get education loan for abroad in India without much formalities?
How do I identify academically weak students?
Is better to focus on HSC boards or its entrance exam?
What was the pattern of marks for class 10 students?
Is the syllabus of class 11 changing next year?
How can I score in the FSC exams?
How is biotechnology at Amity Mumbai?
Which are the top 10 M.Tech colleges for distance education?
Is standardized testing good for children?
Can I get admission in MBBS after passing the NIOS?
What will be the likely verdict of HC Delhi on the PIL concerning the scrapping of moderation policy and grace marking on the CBSE?
Where can I do debate/public speaking outside of school in Singapore?
How much can I expect in 10th boards ICSE, if I scored 59%in pre boards?
Is there any entrance exam for pilot after class 12?
What is taught in the Electronics and Electrical Communication branch at IIT KGP?
What are some good ways to use data analytics in education?
How can I appear for improvements of 12th PCM percentage?
What if I do not get a good college after 12th?
Is there an agent who helps with school admissions in Chennai?
Can anyone provide me with a PDF file of O.P. Tandon Chemistry class 11?
Can I do CA coaching after 10 class?
What aspect of education is missing in people that lack critical analysis and have shallow reasoning?
What is the procedure for changing the exam center of IGNOU?
What is the syllabus for the CLAT that I should study from 11th standard as I have chosen PCB with maths as an option?
Does IIM consider the best of four for ISC students or the average of all the subjects?
Which are some of the best computer classes in Borivali to learn a computer language?
What is the impact of the CBSE moderation marking policy on the results of 2017 CBSE students?
Can a top 50 rank in AIIMS be achieved in 1 year?
Students nowadays complain that teachers don't teach well. Is that so, or are these just some excuses by them? If it is so, then how can we improve this?
How often do high school students not get REM sleep?
Is it good to join an intermediate or polytechnic course after class ten?
How much should I score to get a seat in AIIMS?
Will CBSE only give grace marks this year?
If I am graduating from school in Bhopal, can I get into any good colleges abroad?
Can I get good marks for writing a 2 page answer for an 18 marks question at DU, if I am a student of humanities and political science?
How can I get ahead of studies using online methods as an international high school student?
Can a student transfer from a psychology degree in the first year to a Biology or similar degree in a Canadian Ontario college?
What do you think about online classes on Coursera, books and education in the overall finance area?
How much do IITians depend on their faculty for studying CSE courses? And how much do they study through online sources/self/friends?
What are some suggestions for ISC English in 2019?
What needs to be done to reduce the taboo towards contraceptives?
Has anyone from Army Public School Gurdaspur studied in their 4th class in the year 2006 at Army Public School Gurdaspur?
If you were to compare a Turkish university degree to an Estonian university degree, what would you say? Which is more prestigious?
Is there any dummy school in Ghaziabad?
Is Lubbock High School haunted?
Can someone be proficient in Newtonian level physics without higher education?
What jobs can make me rich without too much education?
Will I get an education loan if I have 4 backlogs out of 14 papers in FE engineering?
How do I get into CA after completing an MPC in intermediate?
How did you get an AIR of 10 in AIIMS Main?
Can I get into Harvard with a 3.2 GPA in 12th grade, 4.5 in 11th, 5 in 10th, 5 in 9th and with a perfect score in the SAT, ACT and SAT Subject tests?
Is there a high competition of law schooling in India?
Is the school district justified at all for suspending the student’s position as ASB President? Is the student protected by the first amendment?
Can an IGNOU student appear for the December TEE '17 for some papers if he enrolled in July '16? Is there any form to be filled to appear for this exam?
Can every children get a good education?
Should I take notes from books in high school and study by them or should I just read the book and study without taking notes to get better grades?
In what way(s) Chinese education system is better than Indian edu. system? How can we rectify our shortcomings?
What can 12th pass students interested in physics and astronomy do before they join their college (in my case IIT or IISC)?
Is it wise to take science and do bio technology after 10th along with hotel management and also a few courses of makeup artistry?
Do we get a high level of education in Ukraine to get through the USMLE?
What are some major struggling student groups that are often overlooked and what might be some ways to help them?
If CBSE follows the HC order, will CISCE follow the same, or are ISC students at a disadvantage?
Who is the best chemistry teacher for class 11 ISC in Kolkata?
Does any IT company directly recruit freshers having 90% and above in their senior secondary (ICSE), higher secondary and engineering undergraduate?
Is PCMB combination needed for NEET?
How do I cancel my college degree after passing out (in India)? Is there any such provision?
Is it true that those who score well in college will also score well in competitive programming?
What are the passing marks out of 20?
How do I prepare for the CLAT after standard 10?
How can I study in high school and get better grades and go deeper in that material, learn it and understand it from the root?
How do I get online courses on SQL Servers?
Why are the tropics defined at 23 degrees rather than the logical 30 degree?
How can I stop procrastinating as a high school student and just get good grades?
Which school is the best in Nashik with 11th and 12th std. [state board]?
Can studying by reciting/trying to teach others a chapter and trying to link it with something else help me get better grades in high school?
After 12, what should I do to become a PCS officer with commerce subject?
What are the IT skills needed for human resources? Is there any online free course available?
Do I stand a chance of doing a PhD from outside India? I have scored only 83.8% in class X, 59.4% in class XII & 60.25% in a BSc (1st class in botany).
What grace marks are given in the CBSE board exams in 2017?
Are your schools informed about Islam?
Other than Kota, Is there any better institute for science after 10th?
What are the technological trends in education?
What was your class 12 percentage, and has it helped you in any way?
What is a good high school resume maker?
If I have gotten 105% and 107% on two Science tests, will they balance out my 95% and 99% and result in me passing the class with full marks?
Are grace marks helpful to every student?
Did anyone fail in the 12th board?
How can I get a new marksheet of the UP board in high school?
Is Terrence Tao's method for teaching analysis effective?
What is the new CBCS system in DU colleges? How are marks calculated following this system?
What are best basic/recommended books for maths for 12th PCM students?
Can a person with commerce in class 12 become a dietitian?
What are some effective tips you could give for Physics and Math HL?
Will poor math grades look bad on my college application if I choose to major in finance?
How are Amity University Noida AC hostel rooms?
Educators: What are some simple changes you have seen or experienced at your school district that had a major impact on student outcomes?
Is it necesarry to study 5 or 6 hours to gain good marks in class 12?
Will moderation policy affect the results of CBSE 2017 coming on 24 May?
Which institute is better for a class 12+ student, ALLEN, Resonance, or Nucleus Education?
What are some good schools offering A levels in Pune?
Which are the best coaching institutes for SBI bank PO and RBI grade B in Delhi?
Should I stop gaming to get better grades and stop my depression?
Which stream is best for a BCA after the 10th?
Is BBA or civil better?
Do questions get repeated in AIIMS?
Are coaching classes doing an immense service to India's students?
Would you please provide the SEBI grade A exam syllabus?
What is an intellectually rigorous degree I can take?
How did Charlemagne's support of education benefit his kingdom?
Is IGCSE the new name for O Levels?
Is it hard to study a degree in Business Management? What jobs can you get out of it?
Do you need to remember everything at all times in Math to advance?
Why did you decide to put your child in a forest kindergarten?
There is no moderation this year for CBSE class 12. Only grace marks are being awarded. Won't it affect the Delhi students?
How hard was IB further math this year?
In order to major in biochemistry, do both of my marks in Biology and Chemistry need to cross the cutoff mark?
How does the high school where you go differ from your friends’ schools?
How can I understand maths, study it and get better grades in high school?
I got A1 in 3 subjects in class 9 and A1 in all subjects (internal) in class 10. How much marks should I get to get a 10 CGPA?
If I fail the 12th exam in 2017, can I be eligible for the IIT exam in 2018?
Can a change in educational policy solve most of India's problems?
Can I fill the improvement form of class 12 in 2017 without wasting my year?
Is Make School a college? If not, what is it?
Will the CBSE follow the Delhi HC order of not scrapping the moderation policy this year?
Who has a class in school that actually feels like prison?
Is "Delhi Institute of Professional Studies" legal as it offers graduation courses in 1 year?
What software can teaching assistants (PhD candidates or otherwise) use?
Can I decide that if I drop a year I will fully grab the basics of all subjects required for AIIMS Delhi 2018? I want to do MBBS from AIIMS Delhi only.
How do I know the syllabus and marks pattern of class 10?
If came 15 minutes late to class, can a teacher refuse to teach me and leave 30 minutes early?
I attend Aakash coaching classes and as a result I get only 4 hours for studying. Is NCERT syllabus enough for securing a seat in VIT/SRM?
Is 15 years of education enough for doing CEMS MIM?
When will the results for Ishan Uday 2016-2017 be declared?
How do I concentrate on my education?
Do I need to learn all the dates for the ICSE board history exam 2018?
What can I learn from a high school chemistry course?
What should I do if I like my classmate at school, but we are now at different colleges and she is at a far better college than me?
What happened to you when you finished highschool?
How can I become the best student I can be in high school?
Can I get 90% in 12 after getting grace marks to 80%?
Are American business schools a lot better than British ones?
If a person correctly writes 30 marks in chemistry 2017 CBSE, will he pass?
What should you do if you want to finish your university education but have no money, weak credit score, and poor grades from when you first attended?
Should I go for Group C post in the SSB as a compassionate appointment, or continue as a B.Sc nursing graduate and pursue higher education?
If you were a teacher and you had to teach the high school version of yourself, what advice would you give her?
Which subject stream should I take?
After completing 10th class, is there any entrance exam for Oxford University?
What is the best effective way to study fast and for long retaining?
Is it possible to create a career in cricket after getting an education?
Should I choose banking, maths, or secretarial practices in my class 11 commerce stream?
How can I not give up from studying in high school and just get better grades?
What are the minimum marks for AIIMS?
Will there be a board moderation policy in the academic year of 2018?
What online graduate school is cheaper for a doctoral course?
What advice would you give to a freshman in high school who is starting to become exposed to more and more of today's world?
Has Amity ever accepted a student who failed 12th board?
How do I manage and study both the 12th public exam as well as the NEET exam?
What is the most difficult class you've ever taken?
Do we have to pass out from class 10 first to appear for the ASAT Nurture course at ALLEN?
What type of maths is included in economics?
How can I get my 12th class marksheet after 2 years gap?
What are some things I can do, as a young woman who’s getting ready to go into college, to prepare or better myself?
What are some elite boarding secondary schools in the US and UK with decent to good swimming programs?
Is upgradation continuing this year (2016-2017) in class X?
Does a premium B School tag really make a difference?
How is Amity University Noida for fashion communication?
What is the standard for the questions on the PGET in CSE at MAKAUT? And where can I find sample question papers for the same?
What are some interesting topics for my class 11 physics project?
What is the best thing a teacher said to you?
Which subject is easy, and which is tough in BITS 2017?
When is the Bihar Board 12th Science result likely to be declared?
How many of you have been a victim of loneliness in high school and college?
For those who are good at programming but not math, what do they find difficult about math?
In CBSE schools, what is the difference between a Hindi A and a Hindi B course?
How many mark is require for a SC student to get a seat in AIIMS Delhi?
Is the dropper course of Prerna Classes good?
Should I join Aakash in class 9 if I am willing to take medical?
Which are the field options open for me after completing class 12th sci. PCM?
What are the approximate minimum marks to get a seat in any of the AIIMs?
Why does SSC not allow fresh registration of candidates who registered for a previous exam?
What should we do to pass 10th and get into medical science?
What are strategies to teach a student to make predictions regarding written texts?
Is the ICSE or the CBSE best for the NEET?
IGCSE Students: Are you finding the 2017 May/June examinations harder than most past papers?
I will take Algebra 2 HN in 10th grade. Am I behind as an engineering school candidate? What's your suggestions?
What is continuing professional education in CPA?
How do I study H2 Chemistry?
When will the 2017 Class 12 HSC result be declared?
Is Amity Noida really boring like they say?
Without maths in 12th standard, can I do CA?
How can I pass the JAIIB within 15 days?
How do I score good in the CBSE class 10 science practical questions?
What's the difference between regular schooling and homeschooling?
How can I build good study habits and get better grades in high school?
What do you do when a teacher hates you?
Which is the best university in the world in which to study Indian history?
Can a science student pursue law after class 12? If so, what steps should one take to get into a reputable law school?
Will I qualify for the Advanced 2017 if I get only 8 marks in physics (paper 1 and 2) and 65 each in math and chemistry?
Why have an educational institutions become a money-making business? There is no quality.
When is the first reshuffling of the MEGA course of Vibrant Academy held?
Should I take regular classes to boost my GPA or should I still take AP/honors classes?
How does examiner gives marks in engineering?
What is the best option for becoming a CA after 12th class?
Why education is going costly day by day?
What do Muslim students do if they participate in food and beverage courses?
Where can I check my HS results on WB board?
What is the meaning of drama and theatre in education?
I was in my science teachers room and was wondering: Could a teacher murder someone and use the skeleton as a display to get rid of the body?
What​ is IIT? What should we study in intermediate for betterment?
From a GPA perspective, what is the value of the Honors courses as opposed to the AP courses?
I am interested in computer science, which are the different courses available after 12 in India?
Why are school clubs the worst?
What if my father can't handle or dislikes the idea of studying abroad in US after high school?
What are some good books that teach practical approaches and methods for sizing a market?
Do classes begin at Christ University immediately after orientation?
How is Amity university Noida for studying B pharm?
With marks of 120, what rank will one get in the AIIMS?
What are the subjects for CBSE commerce?
Is ISC marking scheme strict or lenient?
What are the pros and cons of sending my child to a Chinese national school or a private school in Malaysia?
Can a school prevent a student from taking an AP course?
How do people decide which college to attend?
What do you think about subjectivity?
Are there cliques in your high school?
How good of grades do I need for grad school in math or physics?
Is it possible to clear the full syllabus of the CBSE class 11th and 12th in just 6 months?
What is meant by self-education?
How will the moderation policy of the CBSE 2017 help a good and hard working student?
Does board percentage matter in AIIMS?
Should I study by taking notes and trying to teach the notes/lecture them or by reading a textbook and lecture at the same time to get better grades?
What is the best way to write the description of an instrument in the exam in order to get full marks?
What all gets included in determining the moderation of marks? Is it all about passing or something else?
Have I lost my chance of getting an A grade on my English paper?
How do I use flash cards for maths to understand concepts or should I try to self explain it to myself in high school?
Which is the best institution after the 10th board?
How much is the counselling fees at Manipal institute of technology?
Which syllabus is best iCSE, CBSE, or state for NEET?
I want to study biology of aging. What should I study for Bachelor?
What do teachers think about introverted students?
Should I go to LPU? Is the education and placement good there?
What was it like to study at UF? What were your experiences, professors, classes, people, etc.?
How do prestigious educational institutes in India show the relation between student's socioeconomic background and their selection in institution?
When will the 12th HSC 2017 results be out?
Can I apply for admission to DU after class 12? I am currently in class 10.
Can I crack the NTSE exam by studying the state board book and finding information on the internet?
What is the best course to take when you have scored 60% in 12th?
Does the training provided by tech companies to freshers indicate that the Indian education system is of poor quality?
When will the CBSE 12 2017 result be out?
What is the current problem of CBSE with not publishing 12th results 2017?
What are the online DELE preparation courses available for less than 200 euros?
Why is there a feeling of emptiness after one graduates from high school/university?
What is the new date of CBSE class 12 result 2017? Has any information regarding that issued by the board?
What is a D.El.Ed course, and what are some private colleges?
What degree is better to do after intermediate?
What makes nationalism a false philosophy in education?
What was the reaction of your parents after your 12th class results? How did you tackle your relatives?
I hate going home after school. What should I do?
Does your class 12 percentage matter in MBA placements? I got 72% in both class 12 and college, and 88% in class 10. Will I have issues with getting shortlisted for summer internships?
Are there any fine art Indian students on Quora? Can anyone share some effective and economical ways to pursue fine arts in Delhi?
How difficult will it be for a student to score 85%-95%, after the changed policy of providing grace marks?
How should I study to get best grades ever as a teenager in high school?
Is admission to a UG course on a donation basis good?
How many people failed in the 10 CBSE board exam in 2016?
Which are the best books for accountancy class 12?
Is it okay for a teacher to shove me in the head?
Where does one write the AP exam?
What are examples of core teaching strategies?
Demotivated by not scoring good marks in practice tests. In the last 20 days, how can one score best? What should be done to make the year’s efforts worth?
Should we follow the CBSE syllabus or state board syllabus for the SSN entrance test?
What are the interesting topics in commerce class 11?
What is a good reference book for 11th CBSE?
How does teacher check a paper when half a page is empty?
Where all are CONCEPTREE Learning centres offering residential NEET programs (XI and XII)?
What is the reason behind Roman Saini's decision to give away free education in place of free medical treatment?
In state board, is English core elective or functional?
Have you ever experienced failure as an elementary school classroom teacher? What did you learn from it?
What subject should I choose for a BBA?
Where can you study for free in Canada and pay after graduating?
Will you recommend skipping Algebra 2 over the summer for a rising 10th grader?
Is question number 10 of the JEE Advanced 2017 Paper 1 similar to one of the physics questions asked in the WBJEE 2014 exam?
Does Nalanda University in Bihar still have good education?
What course should I choose after 12 biology to joining in NASA?
Do we fall into GNGND category if one has completed school in Noida but graduated from Delhi?
Can a person rely on online studying and training for serious classical music education (vocal and instrumental)?
What's a good way to remember study designs?
Is it worth spending money on IT-related higher education in a foreign university for an Indian now?
Do I need to study 11th and 12th mathematics for GATE?
How do I secure 95%+ in 10th boards exam in CBSE? I am an average student scored 10th CGPA in my 9th. What are the ways throgh which I can prepare?
Should schools teach people how to allow their views to be challenged?
What can I do if I hate school?
Which sites are useful to study for UGC NET?
Should I get grace marks if I’m getting 80 marks in any subject?
Do we have to learn the AIIMS password for an exam or will it be provided?
Do guys prefer dating girls that have a higher education than themselves as much as girls prefer dating someone that has a higher education than theirs?
Is archaeology a science or arts subject?
How many are frustrated with CBSE's behavior?
Which subject would be better for doing graduation economics or statistics if I am interested in doing higher education and my maths is pretty good?
What is the best novel for a school student?
What should I do to become a great student in high school again and get better grades?
Can I redeem myself in my junior year after having bad grades in sophomore year?
What are some maths be tricks for high school?
Is the topic "determination of contents of cold drinks" good for my class 12 investigatory project?
Are 6th-12th Science NCERTS worth reading? Most S and T questions are from current affairs.
What is 4D in physics in the easy way of class 11?
What is the best advice about Finance to give to a new high school graduate?
Is there any difference in VMC premium correspondence if one applies online for the course?
When taking notes to study in high school, should I just take them once and read them, or should I take notes everytime I read to study?
What’s the real effectiveness of mind maps, and can they help me get better grades in high school?
How are grace marks alloted to the students of CBSE after the HC order?
How do I find members to form a band in high school when I don't know anyone?
What course can you pursue after doing humanities in the CBSE in Plus 2 for under/post graduation? What are the career opportunities?
How would you handle educational ethics in today's complex situation?
Are there any opportunities other than treating patients after completing PG studies in medicine?
How will CBSE give marks now after the High Court's decision regarding the marks moderation policy?
What percentage of high school students read the assigned texts?
Which college can I join if my class 12 percentage is 60%? I am a PCB student.
What was the lowest score last year to get into AIIMS Delhi?
Should I study by taking notes from my textbook and then trying to teach someone through those notes to get better grades in high school?
Can you grow high grade marijuana from low grade seeds?
What are you taking for your GCSE?
Is there any course in BSC related to CNC course?
Which programme and in which college/varsity should I pursue after class 12 which offers me a wide variety of subjects to learn?
Is ordinary education more important than skill?
What would you like to say to a 12th class student whose result is to be declared tomorrow?
What was your percentage in class 11 as a PCM student?
Will we get moderation marks in the CBSE maths board exam in 2017?
What are the current teaching methodologies in geography?
Can somebody suggest colleges that offer courses in archeology?
Can I become a CA after completing class 12 in computer science?
Will the ICSE also take back its “no moderation” policy after the decision of the high court?
What could be the best chemistry project for class 12 that could be made innovative using some samples of various mentioned articles?
Will doing boarding in Kota be better for class 11 and further for IIT?
What are options for a career after 12th for a medical student?
What are some books that I can get for more knowledge in class 11 for an arts stream?
Why is CBSE creating so much confusion? Will grace marks and moderation policy continue or not?
Do Palestinians really teach their kids in schools to hate Israelis?
Is there any pre-closure charge for an education loan in IOB in India?
How do I encourage a surly teenager to study for importantly exams?
Do middle schools teach "state history" like Texas has "Texas history" in sixth grade?
Is there any website from where I can get college and higher education guidance?
In ICSE, are the marks obtained in written exams or internal assessments in class 9 added to class 10 marks?
What are the overall benefits and disadvantages of studying Further Mathematics (Pure Math, Statistics and Mechanics) in Cambridge A Levels?
I am a bio student and I just passed 12th. Should I go into the commerce field?
How does the US education system work from a student's career point of view?
What is the selection process of the Mentor Graphics Higher Education Program?
Will standardised marks be given on the 2017 class 12 CBSE?
What will happen if I am absent for sixth subject (PE) in CBSE 12 Boards 2017?
What does one do after BBA?
How do I improve my English marks in the ISC?
How can I become a vet after completing my 12 class PCM subjects?
If I have less time what would be more helpful, solving questions or only studying the chapters for AIIMS?
What are the top 3 most important high school math courses to know later on? You can include AP Calculus and Linear Algebra.
Are non-maths students allowed in the Goenka College of Commerce?
Was the CBSE moderation policy really scrapped or not?
What are some cool applications of computer vision in education (traditional classrooms, MOOCs, etc.)?
Class 11 started and its summer vacation. I am not willing to study, so what should I do?
Should I start using mind maps to study and get better grades in high school?
Which stream in the 11th standard will offer the best career option in the coming future?
Is there an institute that provides a job after the course?
Why can't I do well in school?
What are good non-STEM summer opportunities for high schoolers?
What type of interaction happens between juniors and seniors at AIIMS Delhi?
I have 2 weeks left for finals (as the worst student). What should I do?
Are there any reservations for undergraduate students in PG seats at the new AIIMS?
What is the best high school in Arlington, TX?
When reading and studying, should I read aloud or read silently for me to get better grades in high school?
What are the courses to take up after 12th commerce to become a CEO?
When reading to get better grades in high school, should I read everything or just skim fastly through everything and slow down on important parts?
When studying and trying to teach someone else to get better grades in high school, should I teach the entire chapter or only the main points?
Is CBSE really going to declare the 12 board results tomorrow?
Why are the CBSE and HRD playing dirty politics over the class 12 results? At the end of the day, the students suffer due to the policy lapses.
What was the attitude that you approached subjects with during your preparation? Was it with an intent to learn, or to somehow finish the concept?
What's some good advice for a teacher switching to first grade after 15 years of teaching fifth grade?
Will the ISC results be bad this year as they are is coming out so late?
How was the accounts paper?
What should a weak science girl student who is also economically weak do after class 12th?
Do we have to save each and every question while giving the AIIMS paper?
I'm in 12th studying MEC. I want to learn physics and programming. Would it be better to wait for 12th to finish or can I learn it now?
Should a CA student opt for maths in 11th and 12th or its fine?
What is the ranking of the ECTEL (enhanced learning) conference?
How do I draw a flowchart in which a student's marks in 5 subjects are entered and the average is calculated. If the average is more than 70, then do I draw a star?
Seeing the age and time, should teachers become more interactive and intuitive using technology or apps for education in school?
Is there any 11th group related to a B.A. in literature in Ambattur?
What is best to choose either BIPC or diploma for an average student with low financial status?
Can a student who failed in the 12th (HSC), have the re-exam for the 12th arts stream online?
Which is the best course after 12th to make a good career?
In a school like Phillips Exeter, what distinguishes a student from the rest of his class?
Which are the best courses to take up in engineering?
It's the end of May. When will our ISC results be declared?
How do teachers identify smart students?
What degree do we get after completing class 10?
Should I study by acting like I am teaching others to get better grades in high school to get better grades?
What happens if you're sick and miss high school finals?
Can schools in Utah legally force kids to come back on the grounds?
I’m very weak at microbiology, I don't even know the basics. How should I study this subject?
Should I study using flash cards or by reading and doing active recall to get better grades in high school?
What is the max education loan I can take to study for an MBBS from Manipal in India?
Which MBA I can opt for in distance education after an Mtech in software engineering?
What can a British school expel you for?
What is the difference between moderation and grace marks in CBSE?
Should I switch languages for my sophomore year of high school? I took Arabic in my freshman year because I felt like it was a good opportunity.
How many people appeared for the Manipal Institute of Technology entrance exam in 2017?
Can a student of PCM apply for jounalism?
If someone gets chance into any other AIIMS except Delhi and takes the admission then is it possible to change his decision to get into AIIMS Delhi?
How much will I get if I get 71 in the KCET and 64% in PCM in the board exam?
Which one is best for an MBA: Amity Business Noida or Galgotias University Noida?
Is the board exam scary?
Should I listen to music while studying in high school to get better grades?
How do I make a team table for one year if I want to prepare for the AIIMS 2018?
Should I study by reading and trying to lecture on what I am reading or by using flash cards and Quizlet to get better grades in high school?
Can I be accepted to French university after not being in school for 4 years? I graduated from a prestigious private school in the USA.
Is it fine to play PC games as study breaks when you're studying 10-12 hours each day for the NEET?
How many hours does it take to study physics, chemistry, and mathematics equally?
What is a great way help your grand children learn with you?
Is conventional mathematics methods that are taught in schools are justified?
Could we pay for UK further education with an extra 1% tax on everyone who has a degree?
What kinds of alternative schools do you think deserve support with tax money and what are the advantages of those schools?
What is it like to adopt a preteen, who is 11 to 12?
How many classes are held in a week in Concept Educations, Guwahati for a foundation 2 year course (engineering)?
Which scholarships can I apply for after the 12th class in PCM from the CBSE in General boys?
Is it possible to prepare for AIIMS in a year?
Can I become a software engineer if I choose PCB and Information Practices in class 11?
What is the percentage in 12 boards required for an OBC candidate to sit for the IIT exam?
Which course is better at Polytechnic?
How would you fix the American school system?
How can I actually understand, learn and get good at sciences and maths in high school?
I am in tenth class now. What is the secret to being good at math?
How many marks are increased in the moderation policy of the CBSE?
How should one face their ''relatives'' when one was unable to score even fair marks in 2 consecutive important exams?
When will the class 11 session start in 2017?
How can I become a great student in high school and get great grades?
Can I do a BBA after 12th computer science (without accounts)?
What are some of the things that you did as part of the house system at your high school?
Can I repeat 12th from CBSE to MP boards and change stream too?
What is your advice regarding Personal Financial Security to teenagers just out of high school?
How do I get a government job easily after 12th science?
Would it be difficult to give a chatbot personality traits based on a system like astrology, with 12 timers with different periods, and 12 values each?
How can one do higher studies abroad?
How difficult was PESSAT 2017?
What should be done to score marks easily in the ICSE 10 exam?
What should I say to my autistic male high school teacher?
What classes does a South Korean high school student need to study?
Can I get an education loan at 40 lakhs and without any collateral security for abroad undergraduate studies?
How do I maintain a good teacher -student relationship, after passing out from college?
When will we see a Career Counselor in schools in Pakistan? When will the school's administration realized its true importance and significance?
How much will you pay for a tutor?
How do I study organic chemistry with coaching?
Can students learn database management straightaway after their graduation from school?
Is there is any use of 12th standard board marks to join in the research​ field?
What is the CBSE pattern for class 11th for 2017-18?
Which schools in Chennai gives seats for 80% for +1?
What do you think about Self Dabba’s statements of recent times by AP C. M. ChandraBabu?
What should one do after the final year results have been declared for an undergraduate of the School of Open Learning? My results were declared in November 2016.
Are there any IIT engineers who fully dedicated themselves to social service e.g., education?
How can you letter in high school?
Do my class 12 marks really matter if I’m taking the chartered accountant entrance exam - CPT?
What are your tips for getting motivated to do homework?
How did Mark Zuckerberg become successful without college education?
Which is the best reference book for 9th for every subject?
Is 60.10 a good score in NIFT?
Which subject should I choose in 11th grade so that I take it forward for my higher studies in a foreign country?
Should private land and banks be illegal? If so, why?
Do you enjoy school?
Who is the highest preforming student you know that did not meet the A-G requirements? How are they doing after high school?
In the United States of America, do you have to go to your highschool graduation to get your diploma?
Which college can a student get if he scores 152 marks in the AKTU PCM entrance exam?
How can Science be durable and subject to change at the same time? Why is that important?
Did you ever have a student or classmate who was legitimately terrifying?
What is the best way to prepare for my chemistry 10th board exam (I'll give it in 2018)?
When will the result of class 10th 2016-17 batch come?
Who is a a teacher?
How do you like High School compared to Middle School?
GGSIPU: Is there lenient checking for reappear exams?
Will the marks of CBSE students come down this year?
What subjects are to be chosen as electives during the VTU Electronics and Communication 7th Semester?
Do students outside India refer to Indian books for math and science?
How much mark should I score to get a rank below 100 in AIIMS exam?
What are the standard books of mathematics and science for 9th standard?
What are some suggestions for the last 10-15 days before the 2017 preliminary exams? How do I relax in order to deal with my anxiety and sleeplessness?
What are the implications of the high court order on stopping CBSE from removing the marks moderation scheme this year?
What does aggregate marks in RBI grade B exam mean? Does it include all or only main subjects?
How can a teacher explain how standards-based grading works to parents?
Which university should I choose for a BBA course- LPU, UPES or Amity Business School?
Should I put my English paper up for recalculation (Karnataka PU board)? I have been given 1 mark less than the maximum for the 4 and 6 mark questions.
How is Omega Classes, Adarsh Nagar, Delhi for CBSE?
Is Stanford predominantly a STEM school?
Is a moderation policy good or bad for a 12th CBSE student who can score around 75% on his own?
Why can I focus at school but not at home?
What has the Modi government done to improve education in India?
How many questions are asked in the MAT and SAT sections of NTSE West Bengal Stage I?
Where are the best cities to get an affordable education in Canada?
What does it mean when someone learns better doing an online course rather than in a course taught by someone in person?
Is the fact in Britain they don't teach about the American Revolution as a standard "school" requirement a sign hinting they are still sore about it?
During what year should I take the board 10th CBSE?
Can anyone will share the complete study material for the CAT?
Is this a good IB selection to keep my options open for medicine, economics, and law (Hl Math, chem, econ and Sl English, French, and history)?
Why do I take too much time to study one topic? How can I study efficiently?
As a primary teacher in the UK, will I be paid more if I have a Master's degree instead of a Bachelor's?
If you were a paraprofessional that had to sit in a class with mentally impaired students every day, what would you do?
Should I go for the arts stream after class 12?
Will CBSE pass the student in maths of class 10?
Do I need to take biology in class 12 if I wish to pursue a BPharm at ICT Mumbai?
Is there grace marking in the CBSE class 12 boards for this year?
Are 4 AS subjects (Biology, Chemistry, Maths, and English Language) sufficient to get into a university in the UK?
Is there any petition going on against CBSE's decision of scrapping it's moderation policy?
Is it for sure that the CBSE class 12 results will be declared tomorrow?
Is it possible to prepare for the AIIMS exams in a year? How? Could anyone advise me on time management, books, and how to go through GK?
What criteria should be considered when deciding the subject in class 11 (PCM or PCB)? I am quite confused in deciding.
How do I file a case against CBSE to decrease the 75% criteria for NIT/IIT in 2017 as they will be giving less marks due to scrapping of moderation?
What are the best skills I should learn?
What options do I get if I choose art as a stream ahead?
How do I pull an all-nighter in high school and get better grades?
What are the best books and sample papers for the class 12 boards exam to get above 90%?
Why is the PTU grading so unfair?
What percentage of middle schoolers actually follow through with their career choices?
Who are the teachers in Vision IAS? How often do they have classes?
How can I make my class 11 physics strong for medical entrance exams?
How does Master Class recruit their instructors?
How is Sushila Birla Girls' School in Kolkota?
Is my 12 class percentage very important for my future career?
Can you statistically prove that board results don't matter in India?
Is it possible to do a diploma degree in elementary education via distance learning if I am not a teacher?
How can one do complex math problems in one's head?
How many exams will there be for class 11 in the CBSE 2017-18 academic session?
How much do secondary schools spend on training teachers?
After passing 10th, how can one get an education free of cost?
Which is the best course after 12 in medical, for good placements abroad?
What are the best books for Phase 2 of RBI B Grade Exam?
Where can I get NCERT 11th class books at a discounted price in Gurgaon?
Were all IITians topper in class 10?
What is the expected date for ICSE results for class 10?
Should School superintendents be elected officials?
Are my parents making the right decision by having me move high schools for junior year?
Do board marks matter for symbiosis?
Why is money more important than education?
How do I search for an anchor script for a school assembly?
On what aspects is education in foreign schools better than Indian schools?
How do I find the best study material for CLAT on the internet?
How will the Delhi High Court’s verdict regarding the moderation policy, affect the ICSE and ISC results?
How can I get good study skills and improve my grades in high school?
Is high school like middle school?
What is your advice to a student who is willing to leave university and start studying online?
Are there any NGO’s in Lucknow working on Children's Education?
When will KV’s process admission in class 9, I mean within how many days after declaration of the tenth result?
What are the misconceptions of Christian education?
How many marks are required on the KCET for the veterinary subject?
Is Amity admission for B.Tech open in July too?
Have you ever challenged a grade you thought was too high?
Will CBSE moderation policy is valid in session 2016-17 or not valid?
How will the delay in CBSE results affect college admissions?
Will 2018 12th class students suffer due to the moderation policy?
How can I solve x+cos(x)=ax+cos⁡(x)=ax+\cos(x)=a for xxx? Is it possible at all?
How should I start preparing for the GATE, and in which order should I study the subjects? I need to make a schedule based on the importance of each subject.
Can Indian parents get jailed if they force their kids into engineering and medical?
Which is the best career to select after the 12th class for a girl who lives in Nepal?
How do I study for Class 12 board exam if I have only 9 months left to score 95%?
My school is meant for smart kids, I generally get As and Bs, but I have 2 Cs. Is that bad? Is a C even a passing grade? What will other schools say?
Is it advisable to study too much 2 days before the exam?
What are the difficulties students face since they don’t have an ask and answer website in their college to clear their doubts about their academics?
Is there a GST exemption for the employees of private coaching tuitions for entrance examinations (for both non teaching and teaching staff)?
Is a rank of 329 (AIR) good enough for NCHMCT? Can I get an educational loan? If yes, then how much? What college preferences should I make?
Have you successfully cheated in an GCSE or A-level exam? If so, how?
Am I doomed if I don't get a Ivy League education?
Does music help or disrupt revision?
Is there a moderation policy in the CBSE board result 2017?
Which countries have the most effective family planning education for school-aged children?
In the improvement exams, do they calculate the best marks, or use the whole year’s marks?
How do you prepare for IIT from Class 8 without going for coaching classes?
What are the basic education qualifications required to get admission into an agriculture college?
What does a class 12 marksheet look like?
What is it like to commute to school in NY everyday?
How do I get help with math problems online?
Can someone attend the board exams of Bangladesh (SSC, HSC etc) without ever going to school?
What are good school districts around Pittsburgh, essentially in terms of elementary and middle school?
What are the best fashion schools in the world?
Which countries teach their students “positive attitude/thinking” in schools, and which don’t?
How do I prepare for the AIIMS exam that is 13 months from now?
Is it too late to change myself and start getting straight A's in high school if I am 15?
What was one of your closest calls in high school?
Is there a way for me to earn a sort of exemption, or otherwise get out of taking a core high school class in Louisiana, US?
Can we join a medical course after doing 12th in a non-medical PSEB?
What are the best short time courses after HSC (science)?
Can I get admission in Amity BBA?
Do students from Amity Lucknow have to go to their other branches for placements?
What subjects are included in the merit for science and math stream students?
What is Gordon Miller's educational qualification?
Should I do extra work on projects for a better grade?
Is plus 1 and plus 2 maths taught as a bridge course in CSE spec. in bioinformatics at VIT? Or is it just plus 2 maths?
Should I read more books as a teenager to get smarter and have better grades in school?
How can I grasp concepts fast and get good grades in high school?
What was score of het Shah in AIIMS 2016?
What are the physical and email addresses of the director of Amity University in Noida?
Should I submit fees first and then get an educational loan?
Can I study architecture courses if I haven't passed my 12 exam?
How do I get admission into the Navy after 10th?
How much does American education cost per person?
Do you feel that this high school year has been going by quickly or slowly?
What are some tips you would like to give while attempting AIIMS paper?
Can one do maths in 3 months in class 12 if one hasn’t touched the maths book yet?
What are the best engineering course to do in Canada after 12th?
What is the psychology behind someone who can't participate in a conversation without 'schooling' everyone on the subject?
What subject should I choose after 10th for banking?
How do I prepare for NEET in class 12th?
Why is it elitist in Singapore for those with a higher (or more prestigious) educational attainment to disparage those without?
What is the procedure for teaching physics in foreign countries?
Is it good or bad to marry your female teacher? And why?
Will the TN syllabus change affect the NEET in 2018?
Which are the best CBSE colleges for PCM in Bangalore?
How can I study a B.Sc in agriculture?
Can a person with no maths in +2 apply for Dujat?
How was your high school experience? Can you tell me your high school experience?
What is the best advice to give a future kindergarten teacher after graduating with a bachelors?
How do I manage my time for 12th board CBSE as well as for SAT and IELTS?
Do any college of AIIMS provide BHMS?
What is the minimum percentage in the Maharastra board in 2018 to be in the top 20th percentile?
How is IIEST Shibpur as an institute of engineering?
What do I need to do for architecture after 10?
Which is the best online resource for class 10th students who are weak in languages?
Which is the best job immediately after 12th commerce in India?
What makes education without philosophy?
Less than a month is left for the CPT exam. How should I study to score above 160?
If a marksheet is wrongly printed at Madras University, how does one rectify it and get a new marksheet?
Is 3.3 a good GPA for the first semester of the first year with 10 credits, and do schools like Harvard, Princeton, etc., consider the grades of the first year?
What were Vaibhav Tulsyan’s first year marks? We have the SGPA system now, so is 8.84 good?
Checking of 12 CBSE copies 2017, will it be tough
How can I do my History project for class 12 on Mahabharata?
When is the 12 STD 2017?
How is the Trichy School’s CONCEPTREE program? What are the fee levels?
How do I prepare for CAT after taking 11th Commerce?
Which institute in India is best for mass communications after 12th?
What were your biggest learning while learning from and exploring the concept of spirituality with your teachers?
Can one repeat class 11 and 12 while simultaneously doing BA with it?
Which university is best in the Philippines for medical education?
What if school was a reality competition show?
How do I become a CBI officer after 12?
How many subjects are in a BCA course?
How can I get a 10 CGPA in 10 class?
Will CBSE moderation grant equal grace marks in subjects like chem, bio as it does in maths? (Like in maths people getting 77 can be spiked to 93)
How are teachers failing to give proper education to students? What’s the main reason?
How can I prepare to succeed in 9th grade?
Where should I study from for the CIMA professional gateway exam? Is the institute's study material sufficient?
Are grades more important than knowledge?
What are the possible branches I can get at Manipal Institute of Technology, Jaipur with a rank 30,744?
What is AP intermediate?
When applying for colleges, what are the other options to show leadership besides becoming an officer at school clubs?
What should one do a day before of 10 class result?
Is the Caribbean Advanced Proficiency Examinations eligible for direct entry into an undergraduate degree course in Germany?
How many students pass out in SRM Business School?
Are bikes allowed at Manipal Institute of Technology?
Where can I get best tuitions for arts subjects in Kolkata?
Can I join event management after 12 science? If yes, then how?
What will be the effect of the CBSE’s new policy on strict checking of average students who were earlier expecting between 55-75 percentages?
How do I ask for a better grade?
What do people think about the Vietnamese education system?
How can I score the max grades in exams on lessons that are hard to study?
How can I cope with leaving teachers?
What classes and extracurriculars will help me be prepared for engineering?
Do you think a CFA will provide better investment advice, or is their advice no better than that provided with no education?
How do I get interested in studying and get better grades in high school?
Is there any free hacking courses available (standard courses)?
As a high school student who's passionate about AI, how can I start learning it?
Who can earn more as an RBI grade B?
What are the flaws of the current education system?
What Physics classes should I take?
What are the prerequisites to start a primary school and how does one get CBSE affiliation?
What should be the study plan for the RBI Grade B officer exam in 2018?
When will the ISC board results come out for 2017?
When will the Maharashtra HSC 2017 results be declared?
How can I stop thinking about my grades in high school and about school and just improve my grades?
Why are NCERT books preferred for higher classes?
What study method should I use to be efficient, not spend as much time studying and get better grades in high school?
What apps are helpful for students?
When are the 2017 Maharashtra state Board 12th results going to be released?
Can you tell how to prepare for the NTSE Examination (Stage 1)?
What will happen to the CBSE board result now that the high court has rejected its appeal for moderation?
What is being a student at Dreyfoos School of the Arts like?
Should I take language classes until full literacy or professional reading/writing?
How can I get better grades and straight A's in high school and how should I study for that?
What is the effect of the high court’s decision on the CBSE class 12 results?
Who will conduct the NEET 2018, the CBSE or any other committee?
Can you make a Udemy course using an iPhone?
Which marks will be added in class 12th if we can take improvement exams in class 12th?
What is the meaning of sequence number and class in flight boarding pass?
Is there really any point of going to college, when there's so much more easily accessible information on the internet?
How could you describe the level and quality of education and educational resource availability in the Philippines?
Are there any people on Quora who are pro school choice and well versed in the topic?
Does Amity University provide 50% scholarships on the basis of 12th results?
How can I score a 98% in commerce on the CBSE Class 12 exam with math?
Are many students going to fail in CBSE this year?
What careers are best for me If I want to end the whole world?
Why do many American children throw away the vegetables and fruits from their school lunches?
In 12th class if I fail in 2 subjects then what should I do?
I completed my 12th class in 2012, what is the best course and programme for me to pursue?
Do 10th grade marks really matter in life?
What sort of education do most Google employees get?
Is there any change in the marking scheme in cCBSE2017?
What was your first thought when you finished writing your HSC (Grade 12 Board Exams)?
Which course should I choose after 12 non-medical to get a job in America?
What are the benefits of attending fitness classes?
Which college is best for the 11th?
How does one become an ethical hacker after class 12?
What is the difference between private SCHOOL and regular SCHOOL?
Should I take IT or CCE at Manipal if I have a problem with rote learning?
What is a revised mark sheet in CBSE?
Which type of internship is good for a maths hons student?
What are the differences between a fitness trainer certificate and diploma? Would I be able to get hired if I enroll in a recognized school/class?
What does "Study the historian before you begin to study the facts" mean?
How is teaching a Mumbai University music course?
What are the pros and cons of opting for home-schooling for our children?
This year, the BHU BSc Biology paper was tougher than the previous year as many students said. Is this true?
Is there any science behind students just not understanding certain subjects, no matter how hard they try?
Can I be a good student in maths in 3 months?
Which is better for studying: Siddha or Ayurvedha?
How important was painting to you when you were at primary school? Why?
Which one will be a better option, SICSR, Pune BBA (IT), UPES, Dehradun BBA (digital marketing), SRM, and Kattankulathur BBA?
Can one get 100 marks in social studies, in Haryana secondary examination?
Are PUC/12th grade marks included in calculating PESSAT 2017 ranks?
What are the best individual online courses for high school students?
Is reading my textbook and trying to recite the information I just read an effective way to get better grades in high school?
How would teachers catch cheaters if smart contact lens were invented?
Is the CBSE board a bit different from the CBSE foreign board?
In MBBS study, we have to revise many times but I don't like to revise. How do I make it a daily habit?
Do American children still learn cursive these days?
How will I get to know my Class X CBSE result without the roll number or any other details, I only have the CBSE Affiliation number?
How was ICSE 2017 papers?
Should I answer practice questions while checking my book to study and get better grades in high school?
Which are the best places to do my undergraduate?
One of my teachers purposely said and taught the entire class something wrong. What should I do?
What happens to education without philosophy?
Which subject should I read to make the Air Force?
Does 0.9¯0.9¯0.\bar9 equal 111?
How's the situation of employment for students who graduated from Sheridan College? My subject is computer animation.
Is it okay have a break for preparation for the NEET and AIIMS?
How do I prepare for 9th grade? I want to be the top of my class and to know a lot.
What do you think about the school system where you live?
When will the ISC declare it's 12th results?
What is the easy way to get good marks in 11 CBSE?
If you could only pick 7 school subjects from elementary to senior high, what are they?
What can be done to improve the healthcare system in a developing country where the majority of the population is not well off and educated?
How does it feel knowing that you won't be graduating with your class?
Do you have to create a study timetable to study effectively? What are good alternatives?
What are the homeschooling prices?
Can CBSE release class 12 results 2017 when the case on moderation policy is still in the court?
What should I choose after 10 to become an actuary?
What are the best sites to learn something new?
Is there an exam to get a seat in the IIA, after 12?
What is the best education after 2nd PUC in commerce?
Can I give bank exams after passing 12th std.?
Should I take MGM Indore or drop a year to try for AIIMS Delhi?
What is CBSE moderation policy?
Is India's bilingual education system halting some brilliant students' progress in research and other wings of education?
Will colleges care if I don't take honors English or AP English lang/lit?
How should I study to get better grades in high school and become a valedictorian?
What states take track and field seriously for high school?
Is it possible to get 100 percent marks in music in 10+2 after opting it just from 10+1?
How should I use the method of "teaching others" to get better grades in high school?
I​ got 50% in the class 12 (commerce) examination. Can I take the CA-CPT exam?
Can I homeschool my children in Morocco?
Will the ISC marking scheme be affected by the moderation policy?
I have graduated from school with PCMB (ISC Board). What should I pursue for MBA, BSc, BBA or BBM? What will be more beneficial?
What are the best books for JEE aspirants in class 11?
Where can I take online ECE classes in San Mateo?
What is a good approach to study economics for UPSC?
Is studying for 3 hours a day except coaching enough for the JEE (and 6 hrs when there is no school)?
Are there only 350 general seats in AIIMS UG?
What is Lycos computer education?
Why should I opt for BBA?
In which subject will CBSE provide grace marks now after the high court orders?
What subjects are you currently studying just for fun?
How can I crack the NDA, as I am currently studying in class 12 and this is my first attempt? I don't have any idea about class 12 maths?
What is best after 10th, engineering or medical?
What are some of the best undergraduate schools for chemistry?
Will government colleges consider improvement mark sheets?
How do you put down an annoying/mischievous student in class?
What is effect of the marks moderation policy on individually-scored marks in the CBSE board exams?
How do I get a failing grade up to a passing grade in less than a week?
What will the CBSE do now as Delhi’s High Court has directed the CBSE to continue with its grace marks policy?
How is the ACPC rank calculated for CBSE Board students?
Is maintaining the same GPA throughout high school difficult?
What was your strategy for history optional, and how did you score good marks in it?
What career options do I get in science stream if I go ahead with it and from which subjects?
Which is the best job oriented course to study after class 12 which does not include maths?
Before jumping into HC Verma, should I use another book for class 11?
What is the most frustrating thing about going to high school to you?
How can I study for the NEET entrance exam? I'm in class 12 now.
How should I prepare for ICSE class 10th?
Where can I find the 2016 AIIMS question papers if they’re available in any book (offline)?
What is the evaluation system in Japan?
What is the meaning of the Marks Moderation Policy?
How can I become good in math?
Will ISC also continue with the moderation policy for year 2017?
How can I pass my GCSE Biology exam tomorrow?
What would be the strategy for AIIMS before the exam?
What are requirements to be a teacher for class 12?
What is the best way to study NCERT Biology to have all the information available in it at my fingertips?
Why do people love to show off their degree on Quora?
What happens at a high school senior brunch?
What are some important chapters for the JIPMER exam?
What is it like to be a student of Vidhyaa Vikas for 10th or 12th Standard?
How is the art stream for future career?
What is the downside of regularising private schools in India?
Is Kalyani Central Model School a dummy school?
Which subjects should one choose in standard 11 commerce?
Should I take long term coaching for AIIMS Delhi 2018?
What is the schedule for students of different semesters in IISERK throughout the week? Are there classes on Saturday too?
Is it okay to avoid the ranking system in the public examinations?
What does moderating marks mean in ISC and CBSE?
Can I qualify for Vocational rehabilitation, if I already have a college degree? If so, which benefits can I qualify for?
If 4n+2n=24n+2n=24^n+2^n=2, what’s nnn?
How can you break math?
I have an irregular IB diploma without any sciences and I want to major in business. Does this affect my admissions anywhere?
What documents am I supposed to carry to the examination centre for AIIMS entrance exam?
What should I prefer to choose after completing my 12th bio-maths group?
Is an MBA good for BIPC students?
The Delhi HC directed the CBSE to continue with the moderation policy this year. The ISC hasn't announced anything. Will the ISC keep moderation this year, too?
What could the top percentile be of the Maharashtra state board 12th results?
Is there any reason to be for Betsy DeVos and her education plan? It's hard to find unbiased facts.
What is the minimum percentage that I need to score in 12th board to become a petroleum engineer?
Since I got very low marks in the 12 exam, what should I do?
How can I make my timetable in 11th STD for 10 days?
What happens if you leave a child at school?
What are career option in mathematics after class 12?
Should I commit to Architecture (UG) at Newcastle University or Financial Economics (UG) at the University of Kent?
What education is needed to become an embyrologist?
What are the chances for ISC students in Tamilnadu?
Why do teachers that classes you failed, hate you? My math teacher despises me and I do not even have her as a teacher anymore.
How do I prepare for RMO in class 10?
Are vegans in the USA more likely to be educated?
What is the alternative to "The Tempest" drama for ISC 2019?
How can I score the max grades on exams on lessons that are hard do study?
How can I pass my California C-10 exam?
Are there any correlations between the NEET and AIIMS marks?
What's the best study method for high school that is effective and that doesn’t involve lots of reading?
Should I study in high school to get better grades by trying to lecture the material to someone else or should I create questions and answer them?
If the teacher chooses 3 students, what is the probability that none of the three of them play soccer?
Is science a popular subject?
Why did you take a gap before college?
What is the last mark of an SC candidate who got into AIIMS for an MBBS in 2016?
Can I write GATE after completing 12th?
So when is the final date for CBSE 12th board results?
What is the confirmed date of the result of Maharashtra HSC Board 2017?
How can I analyze info, and understand it and get better grades in high school instead of memorizing the theory?
What are the perks of an outcome-based education?
What study method should I use in high school to study to get better grades and understand the material?
Which is the best maths book of class 8?
Should you teach methods/techniques/facts to people that you don't apply?
How should I use the studying method of teaching others to get better grades?
What subjects can we take in B.S.C to become an IFS officer?
Is Vanasthali good for my daughter in class six?
Is there any famous university from the UK or the US that provides online leadership classes and certificates?
Does Global Shiksha, Edurite, etc., really help children in education?
Will only students of Delhi benefit from the moderation policy?
What is the criteria to get an admission to the UG medical college after 12th CBSE?
What is the most practical line of work with a 4-year degree in Translation and a TESOL Certification? Should I go back to school and practice?
Is the checking of the ISC Board exam going to be strict this year?
Is Sophia College for Women good for my daughter for class 11th if she wants to take arts or humanities?
Why is there discrimination in education/academics in the US?
I have a terrible math teacher, what resources can I use to help my grade?
If the Indian education system is better than the American education system, why are all the best companies in tech from the USA (and the West) and not India?
How can I focus in class and stop making stupid jokes during class?
Can I take any B.Com course in DU if I am from a commerce without maths stream?
In importance sampling, what is the difference between p(x)p(x) p(x)  and q(x)q(x) q(x) ?
Which exam is required to become an education visa agent?
How can I study hard and smart to get better grades in high school?
How are German school children taught about WWII?
Is it really tough for a second year dropper to crack AIIMS?
Would it be hard for a student from Kerala to make friends at Amity University, Noida?
How important, would you say, going to college is?
Can I take the courses of foreign language in college just with my IELTS score? I don't want to study abroad for 3 or 4 years.
How I should manage time in my ICSE board examination?
What should I know about being a freshman in high school? (I will be in 2 years, but still.) Is it initially rewarding, or always terrible?
When will the 12 CBSE results come out?
What is a valid excuse for wanting to switch out a swimming semester in HS with another activity for physical education?
Which is the best college for post graduation?
Should I study while watching TV as a teenager looking to get better grades?
Can a 12th class student do an unpaid internship under a CA after boards?
How do I become great at sports and become athletic as a teenager in high school?
Are there any tools to prepare for the Educational Record Bureau’s CTP-4 standardized test?
Do quarter grades matter?
Which books should I follow for CBSE class 11 in chemistry and physics if my concepts are weak?
How hard is it to teach coding?
Which is the best career option after class 10? Which stream will provide me with more job opportunities?
Are questions that are answered and marked for review evaluated in AIIMS exam?
How can I fill Olympiads like IMO which require a school whereas I have taken dummy admission as I am studying in a coaching institute?
Can I crack the RBI Grade B exam in my 1st attempt?
When did you realize you had made the right career choice?
Why can't American colleges allow direct entry to medical school at age 18 like the rest of the world? Wouldn't this be more cost-effective?
How can children in school support technology growth?
Which subject should I choose after the 10th to study law?
When will the CBSE class 12 results be published?
Where is the best education in the US or in Russia?
What's life like after high school?
Why aren't many young educated people in India leaning towards bettering their political scenario or not participating in it to bring out a change?
Will the ISC board give grace marks now, after the HC order?
Will CISCE also declare results after moderation of marks like CBSE this year?
What are your views on the recent CBSE board results, in which Delhi's government schools have performed better than private ones?
How many students appear for the IPU CET BbA exam?
How many marks will be deducted for a wrong answer in the NEST exam?
What should I do to stop talking in class, stop making friends, and just focus on learning in high school?
How will the Delhi high courts order for the moderation policy to be implemented now, when all class 12 CBSE papers have already been checked?
How should I study and what study method should I use to become like Einstein as a teenager?
What are the global trends in education today?
How do I suggest a course for a weak student after intermediate?
What are the best and worst things in an American high school (in terms of people and experience as opposed to work)?
Why is it considered disrespectful to not attend classes you do not want to go to?
What things are taught in ECE and what practical things will I be able to make after the course?
Can I retake the VTU exams to increase my marks?
Should I take computer science or biology in 11 for science?
Do other ethnic minority groups get jealous over Jewish and East Asian immigrants because of their wealth and education status?
Which is best, between an RBI Grade B officer and a state PSC?
What should I do? I am a 12th class student and I have got an opportunity to work in TV serials?
How do I become curious, learn everything in high school, and get better grades?
How can one get a 90+ score in the CBSE board exams of 2017-2018?
Is a bachelor's degree enough these days?
What marks does one have to score in each subject to get 90% in 12th board?
As a regular student, can I complete the second and third years of a degree in one year by giving those exams in the same year, in Hyderabad, Telangana colleges?
Is it compulsory to study maths in plus 2 for a BCA?
What we can do after learning accounts commerce in 12th?
Can CBSE go against the order of Delhi HC?
How do I stop being a failure in high school and get better grades, improve them and become a great student?
Which 5 subjects are selected in class 11 and 12 in the arts department?
What is the process for admission to AIIMS colleges?
Do you know anyone who wasted class 11th but studied a lot in class 12th and got selected in IIT?
What are railway convent schools?
How do I download solutions of class 12 KC mathematics?
What can I do after class 12 in commerce (CEBA)?
Is studying especially important in high school?
Are there any options to pursue higher education in data science while working in TCS?
Why should I get a liberal arts education coupled with a maths major?
Which agricultural college or university would be best for masters in entomology studies?
How relevant is the 2017 syllabus of ISC with that of CBSE?
Should I study by takin notes and lecturing, making questions out of subheadings or by using flashcards to get better grades in high school?
Is it possible to know how much grace marks you've got in class 12 CBSE board?
What are the best universities for a B.Tech quality education irrespective of placement records?
How do I hide my CBSE class 12 boards results from others?
Is there any book or online course available to understand economics?
Which is the best book of Accountancy and Commerce for ISC board class 11?
Can you study architecture and art at the same time?
Do high marks scorers also get grace marks in the CBSE moderation policy?
Did anyone got into MBBS after scoring 40% or 50% in 12th?
Can we change our stream in 12?
Why my English teacher told not to study from English trainers in ACL?
Is the GOAL Institute in Patna better than the Aakash Institute?
What is the best guide book for CBSE for science?
Is there any good looking girl in Amity Noida?
How does a failed candidate check their marks on the CDSE exam?
I have scored 110 marks by solving AIIMS 2014 paper what are the chances that I can perform well in AIIMS 2017?
What does your school's uniform look like?
Which is the best MBA college in Lucknow within 2 lacs of fees and good placements?
Is it advisable to take ECE if I am not good at physics?
I study German in one group with Arabs and Syrians. The teacher is a Jew. She is often rude. I am not allowed to change the group. Is there a way out?
After graduating high school in Canada, I have to go back to Singapore for 2 years. What will my university entry/application process look like then?
How is the EPIM course of the BSE Institute? Is it worth it for a salaried professional?
How was the ICSE board exam?
Do kindergarten and 6th grade teachers earn differently in salary?
When will CBSE class 12 result come after the order from HC regarding the moderation policy?
What do you plan on doing after high school?
What are the best books for science students in class 11?
What should you do when you don't recieve an award that you are supposed to get?
In the ICSE 2017 in mathematics, I drew the wrong number line. How many marks will be deducted?
How do I select a good colllege after 12?
How do I devote equal time to each subject while preparing for JEE?
What happened to the top-scoring kid in your class?
Would anyone take an online course about all the tools needed to create online courses?
How can I manage my PCM subjects perfectly?
Is there any thing like an MBA in nanotechnology?
Most of the toppers of AIIMS recommend NCERT. Is that really enough for 2017?
Which is better after 12th class, a diploma or a B.Tech?
In Mumbai University’s engineering program, if I take a golden subject and the passing marks are 24, will I get some grace marks? How many?
I am going to fail in my 12 board exams. How do I deal wIth it?
What are some ethical challenges that a teachers face?
How should I study and what study technique should I use to improve all of my grades in high school?
What are the competitive exams that I can give in class 11th?
Can you gain a well rounded education surfing and reading the web?
What is CBSE correspondence?
What are the best reference books in class 11 science stream?
How can I absorb knowledge, understand, learn and get better grades?
When will the IP BBA results be announced?
Being under 18, how can I get my GED as soon as possible?
How should I study in the 7th class in order to clear the JEE?
What is the meaning of undergraduate courses?
How can I prepare for the resonance CTs so I can score good marks and get into the A1 batch?
What big advancements in maths have happened since 2000?
What are the books recommended to crack AIIMS other than NCERT and Allen modules?
What are the differences between Army Public Schools and Sainik Schools in terms of discipline, army culture and general timetable?
Can we start college before completing the 2nd PUC supplementary exam?
Will your grade be higher if it's under a point or percentage system?
How do I become great at maths and physics in high school?
Where can I download RD Sharma for class 12 as a PDF for free?
What is the education qualification needed to apply for the Dell Company?
How useful is a Udemy online business course in the UK?
What is the best way to finish high school as a freshmen?
What is more important: knowledge or effort?
What is the difference between people teaching "how to make money" and me teaching "how not to lose money"?
How do I free download Simplified Physics 9th Class by Dinesh & co.?
Why is the bodybuilder or the fittest guy of a class normally poor in studies? Do extra physical exercises decrease your grades in academics?
How many marks are required for CPT?
What is the best stream in WBUT?
What is the group​ code for CBSE 12th?
Which is the best book for the learning basics of programming? I have just completed C++ up to the class 12 level for the CBSE boards?
Why should one study banking?
Is CBSE improvement exam for 12th worth taking? What is the level of checking there? Is there any scope for success?
How do I prepare in the last minute for exams?
Are there any competitive math exams that a first year engineering student can take?
Why do teachers teach 25% and ask students to look up for 75% and still ask less than 25% in exams?
Is the ICSE 2019 syllabus changing?
What would happen if every kid in the USA, K-12, stopped showing up at school during the school year in protest?
What is the relationship between philosophy of life and education?
Has the CBSE ever declared their results twice, once before there was less inflation of the marks and once after there was more inflation of the marks?
What is the question pattern for 11th CBSE science?
Is history a tough subject after 10th?
What is the difference between a BBA and a BBA (IB)?
What are the actual rights guaranteed to a US high school student?
Do FIITJEE teach JEE syllabus to class 9 student?
Why is school mandatory in the U.S.?
How do I decline a call on WhatsApp?
Do you guys think that education can abolish terrorism?
In which subject can we get moderation in CBSE class 12 2017 examination?
Does academia claim to be the only means through which someone can prove himself/herself an expert in a field?
How many students passes IMUCET every year?
Why do schools need music programs?
How should one regularly review the syllabus for class 11 in class 12 to prepare for the NEET and the AIIMS in 2018?
As a teacher, in what way does media psychology help you to understand your students better?
What is the education quality in AD the Design College in New Delhi?
Who is a school teacher?
How do I become a great student again, get good grades in high school and stop being a procrastinator?
Where can I find free online courses in quantum physics and Italian language with (free or not) certificate?
Should we teach everything early?
When will the 12th CBSE results be announced?
What are your thoughts about moderation on class 12 marks?
If a person gets 70% marks, up to what extent can his marks be increased by moderation? Is it possible that he can get an 80 plus?
What percentage of the time do you actually pay attention in a class?
Do middle school teachers have a right to give the student a hard time in a classroom if they struggle to learn?
How should the education system work?
What happens if you fail in the 10th class takeover exam?
How does school work in Uganda?
Do I need permission from my parents to drop out of high school?
What is the best course to take when you have get 60% in 12th (science)?
Do you think more needs to be done in your country to make sure that school kids and working people are able to enjoy their weekend?
Can someone get into a good college affiliated with Delhi University with a 90% in board exams?
Why isn't European history a part of Indian education system?
As of yesterday, Delhi HC asked CBSE not to scrap the moderation policy. To what extent can marks be given for PCM subjects?
Can I get admission in any college for a BSc with 12% in 12th class?
What is the difference between education and academic?
How do I study in 1st year engineering?
Moderation is stopped for this year for CBSE class 12. How hard is it now to score 90+ or 80+?
What habits or strategies can a BME student develop to help with getting good grades?
What is the impact of CBSE delaying exam results on students getting admission in TN colleges via counselling?
Are you interested in AP ideas?
Which board do I opt for the 11th and 12th grade if I want to choose a career in the medical field?
What should a 12th pass candidate know before starting his undergrad in CSE?
Which group should I take after 10th?
How can I become a workaholic and studyaholic and get better grades in high school?
A teacher in my school referred to pupils as d*ckh**ds and scum. Is there anything I can do?
Will a person get grace marks of 4–5 marks in two subjects in 2017 if his marks in math are 70?
Can I get my mark sheet number when the CBSE results are released?
How much scholarship does an ST student get in AIIMS?
Why is it required for a student to learn stuff in school for long years which has no application in reality?
Do you think that going to college to be a doctor is really worth all the training and years that it actually takes to become one?
Can someone share class 11th commerce notes?
Is biology essentially needed for doing higher studies with chemistry?
How can technology enhance learning?
What type of education system, curriculum, pedagogy, and possibilities would you like to have?
Will I pass the 12th class if I have written all nonsense?
What do you do when you get bad grade in school?
Is French literature a good course to study?
Is USC a good school for chemistry?
How difficult is getting good marks in GATE exam?
Would anyone be willing to do my online chemistry class for money?
Is a 5 year integrated engineering course a better one?
What is the difference between junior college and higher secondary school?
Why don’t exam invigilators wear uniforms during the GCSEs?
What is the importance of a student council at a school?
How will CBSE implement moderation policy again if paper has been already checked?
What is the process of changing your name in India after 12th standard?
Who is the best teacher?
In what college would I get direct admission into a B.Tech with 61.5% in 12th class?
What will happen to class 12 students after the Delhi HC decision, and how will the CBSE moderate by delaying results?
What is more important when it comes to university admission, good grades in an AP class or a good score on the AP test?
Did you study the multiplication table in primary school?
Can I get exemption on a law paper if I get marks above 60 in law and zero marks in the rest of my three papers, i.e. accounts, SFM and audit?
Is it the school's fault that students cheat?
When are the 10th class standard results expected?
What is cram school?
How do you know when you study hard?
What is the best useful guide for class 10 CBSE mathematics?
What are the pros and cons of taking a year off of work to go back to school for a Masters program?
Which maths concepts book is best for IIT levels?
What is the feedback on Antwerp Management School in Belgium?
How does a teacher handle an intimate relationship with his student to maintain a good reputation?
I am working in Service Desk. I like to complete a course in Citrix. What is the best course that I can opt for?
How much should I pay someone while I'm teaching them a skilled trade?
Is management easy for those who have studied 11-12 std. in science?
Who are the Maharashtra Board HSC Toppers?
Is Loyola College coed for the BBA?
How do I prepare for AIIMS 2018 so that I can have a secure seat in AIIMS New Delhi (my dream college)?
Which is the best creative writing course for distance education?
If I finish all certificates on freeCodeCamp, how long will I have to wait to start working on a nonprofit project?
Which is toughest, AIIMS or IIT?
Is the education system in Tamil Nadu good enough for a school student, as well as a college student, to shine outside the state?
How do I place in a diploma college and what is the procedure to get into that?
What are the best university to study biotechnology in the world?
What are the best educational activities for toddlers?
Is sex between teachers and students in high school or middle school more common than most people realize?
How can I understand the material in high school and get better grades instead of just memorising and failing?
Does education make you a better person?
Are Muslim students treated well in public Catholic high schools in Ontario, Canada?
Is it true that the Gujrat board are going to adopt the CBSE board?
What is the present status of those schools in Delhi which interview the child's parents to award admission to nursery or primary education to the child?
What's that one advice you'll give to a person who has just finished his graduation?
What study method should I use to get better grades in high school and become a great student?
Why do people against school choice argue that public schools will lose funds when that is exactly the point?
How do you like school absence penalty notice?
Does year 11 count towards your ATAR score?
How do I get urgent duplicate 10th passing certificate in Rajasthan board?
What are some tips for making a resume in high school?
Does the language or writing system that people in your country use online differ from the one taught in schools? If so, why?
Have you ever had teachers who call their students "Mr." and "Miss"? And if you're a teacher, do you do so yourself?
What surprised you most about American high school culture?
In a BBA course, do I need to conduct sales of any product? Is that compulsory?
How many of you are in support of or in against of CBSE's moderation policy?
How can I become my own professor and learn high school material alone? What study method should I use?
Can I get admission in Amity university mechanical engineering on the basis of class 12th result rather than on the score of Amity-JEE?
Is having a good education system good for the economy?
Do employers find MOOCs certificates from Coursera or edX valuable?
Can a Nepali student compute for JEE after class 10?
Does an expert PU college provide coaching for the AIEEE?
What are the assisting technology used in classroom today?
What is a good book to study string theory at a level higher than Zwiebach's that is appropriate for an advanced undergraduate physics student?
Why won't CBSE do light marking, as has been done in the past 25 years?
Which course would be worth doing after XIIth, BBA or BJMC?
Which education is best and why, mindfulness learning in the West vs rote learning and drilling in the Middle East and Asia?
What is the salary of a junior, non-academic in AIIMS, Delhi?
Which NCERT books are really important for CSE? 6 to 12th, or only 11th & 12th standard?
When will the KCET-2017 results will be declared?
What is the best way to study anatomy for a curriculum in medicine?
When reading to study for high school, should I read the entire chapter or only the summary at the end of it to improve my grades?
What is it like to attend a forest kindergarten?
How much did Anurag Kumar get in AIIMS?
On what basis of answering in paper in class 12 CBSE a student get passed?
Can a supplementary student take the MBBS entrance exam?
How can I find interest in school again?
Isn't it unfair for a CBSE improvement exam student if he is allotted the same room at an exam centre where he sits together with a compartment exam student?
There are some questions outside NCERT asked in the XII board. Will CBSE give marks for such questions after removal of the moderation policy?
Should I go for BMS or baf after 12?
What sectors should I choose after doing biology in class 12?
Is tommorow CBSE 12th results? What is the timing and website to check result?
What is an easy subject for graduation?
Should I take biology or biotechnology as an elective in the CBSE in grade 11 as I want to do biomedical engineering in the USA as an undergraduate?
What are the accurate answers of Math ICSE 2017?
Will my 10th CBSE marks help my 12th CBSE marks?
What should I study to become an ambassador?
What do you think will CBSE revaluate papers after court order?
How good is Cork Institute of Technology?
It is 2 weeks until baccalaureate (finals) as the worst student. What should I do?
What language do you take at school?
When will the online admissions start for a 12th science student in suburban Mumbai?
What are teaching methods or methodologies of teaching?
Is the 11th State Board bio-maths group hard enough?
Shouldn't economics be taught in high school as a required course?
What are the good ways to get an experienced developer to teach you some skills?
How can I make studying in high school fun and get straight A's?
Is the university life really more fun than high school?
What are the benefits of the NIOS over CBSE/state for JEE/NEET preparation?
When will the result of 10th CBSE declared?
What is the latest NAAC ranking of humanities colleges? What are all the A grade colleges in India?
What are the courses available at DU for a commerce student?
Will high school AP Prob/Stats and Calculus be too confusing to take a test the same time?
What is the best degree course?
Which subjects are most needed for a future pilot who is in 12 standard?
What is the best advice that you can give to anyone in high school?
Is it a good idea to move to the US with teenage kids (10th grade and 6th grade)?
Which book of economics should I prefer to solve previous years’ questions for CBSE?
Can we get an education loan in third year as well with 3 backs?
What are the advantages of technology in education?
How can I get good marks in 12th biology-maths group to get a medical seat in AIIMS or JIPMER?
How can I stop being bored at school, get interested and get better grades?
How is the education system in Finland?
How does education help people?
Is the high school diploma itself important?
What are the options available, other than MBBS, if I have taken pure science with computer in class 11 and 12 CBSE?
What are the greatest obstacles for diversity in higher education?
Are the B.Sc microbiology courses good in Amity University, Noida and Jaipur?
What is educational equality?
In which year should we write 10th Board for CBSE?
Good placement score? I am in 7th grade, and hoping to score above the 85th percentile in Math MAP/NWEA. What score should I aim for?
Are you out at school? If so, what is it like? If not, why, and would you like to be?
What is the difference between. Giving grace marks and not spiking marks in CBSE? I am really very confused.
Who serves his country more, a doctor or a teacher?
After completing class 12, what is the highest post in the police that I can get?
When will the ISC result 2017 be out?
Which physics book is the best for class 10th?
Should I pursue psychology from Amity University Gurgaon?
Is Tata McGraw Hills now McGraw Hills Education?
What should I do after my 10 ICSE apart from preparing for SAT?
Can a student study the 11th class science stream on his own, without going for any classes?
How can I know my AIIMS result if I do not belong to the ones in the merit list of top thousand students. (I had taken the exam in 2015)?
Will NEET 2017 be reconducted due to the difficulty level of the papers being different?
Which acting school in Mumbai do you suggest joining?
Where can I find an online copy of Ellie Tragakes' "IB economics in a Nutshell"?
I attend Aakash coaching classes and as a result I get only about 3 hours for studying. Is NCERT syllabus enough for securing a seat in SRM/NIT?
Why are bank or interest loans illegal?
How is the geospatial technology course at Manipal?
Which will be the best scope for an average student of +12 biology group in Nepal?
What are the math standards for a high school student who wants to go to MIT?
Who has taken the OSSU Computer Science curriculum? If so, what tips would be beneficial for approaching it?
What are the best AIIMS colleges in India?
Which topic is the best for demo class 11?
How can I get into climate change research after 12th class?
What is it like to study in MGIMO?
How can I become good at school and get better grades in high school? How should I study?
What's your take on experiential education? How do you think travel experiences can transform learning for kids?
Is it ok to study only the "Concepts of Physics" by HC Verma and not the NCERT book for class 12 board and AIPMT entrance?
What is a BSMS course in India?
Why did all of the faculty of Vibrant Academy leave?
If a person wants to become an astrophysicist, which field should he study after 12th standard in India?
Will CBSE won't scrap moderation policy this year?
How does the content in biology differ for a person who does a BSc in bio and physics from a person who does a BSc only in biology?
From where can I get +1 ISC paper?
How was CBSE's syllabus before 2008?
If a student scores less than 60% in class 12th then can they continue to study B.Tech at KIIT University?
Did you go to school late before?
Why such policy is needed to compensate our evaluation of education?
Which units should 8th semester ECE VTU students study?
Can I make it to a decent engineering college in India without any interest in maths and science?
What should I do to study smart and get good grades rather than hard and getting bad grades?
What are the top 5 math topics high schoolers are scared of?
How do I get an IGNOU BPP solved assignment without any charges?
How does IB physics HL compare to AP physics and High school physics (USA)?
How can I learn (understand better) high school biology, chemistry, and math in 2 weeks?
What is the net worth of Study IQ Education owner Dr. Gaurav Garg, in crores if rupees?
Is there any coaching after 10th for UPSC?
Does Osmania University BE add grace marks if we have backlogs by end of the semester?
How do I get most out of online learning?
What scholarships are available for a student wanting to study for an UG qualification abroad?
What are the branches of engineering available after class 12 in India?
What can a physically challenged, university educated, computer literate, home bound person, do to earn a living?
What are some class 11 topics to study for NSEJS?
Generally, Which SET is the easiest in class 12th board?
Is Arihant good for the 11th CBSE exam?
Which book has easy methods for class 12?
What is the educational background of Tata Group’s new CFO, Sourabh Agarwal?
Is it good to take mechatronics at the bachelor’s level (for undergraduate study)? Or should we take it at the master’s level?
I am moving from Mumbai, India to Dallas and I am a US citizen. Since I have done grade 11 in India, what documents are required and what is the procedure for admission into high school in the US?
What course can be taken after finishing computer science group in 12th in CBSE?
What are some of the best universities in the US in which to pursue a Master’s in Computer Science through distance education?
What does a school/district director of technology do?
What is the procedure to get an admission at Kendriya Vidyalaya for 11th standard ?
Why didn’t the CBSE decide to scrap the moderation policy before commencement of the 12th board session?
Where I can find a STEM Education community?
Does the Gratuity Act include teachers of private schools in Hyderabad?
How can I absorb/learn the material while in class in high school?
Are there any courses after Grade 12 Commerce that focus on statistics?
How good are Mechanical Academy’s classes?
What is the best YouTube channel to prepare for CBSE class 12 (PCM)?
Are the MTG Foundation course class 10 books enough for a math and science Olympiad?
Which course should take after 10 std if I was intrested in drawing?
The NEET this year was easier than before. Can we expect AIIMS to be simple, too, so that we can be mentally prepared to score more than last year?
Can a student with an Open University degree study abroad?
Is formal education the safest path to financial security?
What are the courses I should pursue and are in demand in commerce after 12th?
What is the Dr. M.G.R. Educational and Research Institute placements record for CSE?
Is choosing UCMS, Delhi over AIIMS (other than Delhi) a wise decision?
Can I get admission in any private college of greater Noida after passing out from NIOS?
Is the reason high schools are called that because everyone gets high during this period in school?
Which course is best to learn as a CASE student?
Can I get a scholarship even if I had failing grades?
What is the WWW in math?
Do I really need a teacher for learning math?
Is there a list of where I can get mock PRINCE2 Practitioner exam papers?
What are colleges for BA with just 50% in 12 class?
What will happen if CBSE moves to SC against moderation?
Is Amity University, Noida recognised by the Kerala bar council?
Do teachers teach Hindi and what is the medium of instructions in NLUs like NALSAR, NLUJ, NUJS, etc.? (I mean teaching, talking, speaking, etc.)
How should the NCERT of Biology (11th class and 12th class) be studied for the AIIMS and the NEET?
Why are there so much celebrations after every 10th and 12th result even though all our knowledge is checked by entrances and interviews?
For which rank of EMCET does a BIPC student get free seats in any course?
Is research possible after class 12?
What can schools do for student’s intellectual development?
Is it true that the only difference between an elite university and an average one is the quality of the professors, but the curriculum is the same?
How much percentage in SSLC (Matric) is considered to be in first class?
Are you an ex-student from SM BATHA High School in Panchgani?
Is there any website that provides the proof of various math and physics formulas? I am currently in class 10th.
How do I study for the CBSE business studies paper for class 12?
As an RBI Grade B officer, do you get a chance to do public service, like in civil services?
Which stream you chose in 11th and what was your percentage in 9th and 10th?
Can we get admission in architecture after 12th biology?
How is the BBA course at Bennet University?
Is there any need for a home/plot registry for taking an education loan for an MBBS? What is the procedure?
How will the modern no grace marks policy of the CBSE affect the students taking exams in 2018?
How do you cope with teachers insulting you?
Which one is better - BBA or 3 continent BBA from Amity Noida?
Is a BBA or the engineering stream better for girls with average IQ levels?
Where can I study renewable energy courses abroad? Are there any scholarships available for it?
As entreprenuership becomes more popular and education of entreprenuers becomes more widespread, do you think a well defined career path will emerge?
Can a person with average intelligence get good grades in school?
Which IB courses should I take if I want to major in engineering?
What is the "one year graduation" of IGNOU? I'm a bachelor in science college dropout. Can I opt for this one-year course?
When researching an elementary school for your children, what information do you look for?
Did Aman Goel join a tuition for 10th class boards?
How can I score 90 marks in MP board English class 12th?
Is a 276 score in NWEA Mathematics good for a 7th grader?
Will there be any effect on my marks in class 12 due to the moderation policy?
How many Udemy courses can I enrol to via coupon?
What's the date of the 12th commerce result for GSEB 2017?
Should I stop gaming to get better grades in school and study more or should I keep gaming as a teen?
What are the educational options after 10th for a brilliant student?
What is the best way to study effectively for excellent performance in high school?
Can I appear for NEET 2018 if I failed in one subject in the CBSE board in 2017 but passed it later in the compartment exam?
How many colleges, universities and institutions in India offer a degree in psychology? Which one is the best among them?
How does one get revenge on teachers after graduation?
Should college education be free?
What should one do in the time gap when school ends and college is yet to start?
Can we write JEE Mains in 11th grade?
Can anyone get admission to Bangalore University, after passing 12th from NIOS?
Why did you choose to enroll your child in private school?
What are some widely used learning management software in Saudi Arabian schools and universities?
What are the things to look out for before selecting a preschool for your children?
Wat could be a unique idea for my biology investigatory project in class 12?
How will the class 10, class 12, and graduation percentages affect my CAT and GRE percentile?
Do many American students go to Europe for higher education because it is cheaper? What is your experience?
Is distance mode education fruitful for gov. jobs?
How can I become a priest in future?
Can I do BCOM or BBM without doing commerce as a PU student?
Which top engineering colleges in India take admission on the basis of board marks?
How do I learn all of the high school chemistry, biology and math in 2 weeks?
How many modules do you need to develop educational institution management software?
What are some of the best online law school programs?
Where can I download RD Sharma’s book free for class 12?
Do we come to know AIIMS marks immediately after exams?
What is a good course in polytechnic?
Are MTG Foundation course class 10 books enough for the math and science portion of exams like the NTSE and other scholarship exams?
For which course can I apply to complete my post graduation? I did my under graduation in electronics honors.
Is CBSE playing with our future?
What are the major qualifications to work in a restaurant after class 12?
Which college is the better choice for a BBA: NDIM or JIMS Sector-3?
Which subjects are compulsory, and which are optional, for the CBSE class 11 commerce stream?
How do I start a play group school in India?
What is a certificate number in the 10th class mark sheet in HBSE?
How can I improve myself in math this year?
Does ISC declare results on weekends?
My actual name is T. Sravan Kumar in my 10th and 12th it is T. Shravan Kumar, I have recorrected by the guzzete officer, will it be a prblm in PP?
How can I stop procrastinating and just study and get better grades?
Do teachers work during the summer?
Is it really tough for a second year dropper to crack AIIMS-Delhi 2017?
Should I do BITS previous years for AIIMS? Will that be helpful? Are questions repeated in AIIMS from BITS?
What is the best possible way to study for an exam in two weeks?
Which is more important in finding a job, education or experience?
What's the most important part of the application of universities?
What makes a school both fun and excellent? What steps or considerations should I have?
Which matters more, knowledge or experience?
When will the Karnataka CET results be announced?
Should I take AP Calc and Physics if I'm taking them as IB HL courses?
As a college professor, what is the major difference between 1997, 2007, and 2017 college freshmen?
How much easier is CBSE 12 than ICSE?
Don’t our politicians and administrators have that much guts to send their children to government schools?
Is history, politics and economics a good combination after the class 10 boards for the arts stream?
What's the difference between in CBSE and ICS in class 12 commerce?
How do I get admission in na engineering college after getting bad marks in class 12?
Is it true that Maharashtra HSC results are releasing tomorrow (25/05/2017)? And how are you feeling?
What whould you do if a student didn't want to go home?
How do I download simplified physics class 9th by Dinesh & Co. for free?
How can I motivate myself to study in university?
Why don't young people like watching the educational programs today?
Which is the better pilot school in Haryana, Uttar Pradesh or Delhi? What marks are required in 12 class to get admission in that school?
Is gender-segregated education better than coeducation?
Do you attend school in Manhasset, New York?
I am now in class 11. How should I prepare for the NDA exam?
What suggestions will you give to schools to develop their potentials?
Is it okay to not be in an elite school in Singapore?
When will the IIM IPMAT 2017 result be declared?
What's the American grading system like?
What are some valuable important points for solving case studies of business studies for class 12th CBSE?
What are the career options after 12th class PCMB in science?
Is the reservation policy in the education sector helpful for the development of the country?
Have you ever thought of a creative school?
Shall I go to an IIT if I have a bio-maths course in class 12th?
Would cut-offs be lowered because of no moderation policy in CBSE boards 2017?
Does NIFT centre really matter?
How do I score good marks in the Diploma CET exam? Which books should I read, and what tricks should be used in writing the exam?
Should I hand draw my mind maps or use a computer software to draw them and get a better grade?
Should I summarise the chapters from my book to study and get better grades in high school?
How do I ask my former teachers if they have any students I can tutor over the summer?
About education, what is the necessity of paying to study for Tertiary?
Are maths or CMS compulsory for the commerce stream?
Who's the worst/best teacher you had in high school?
Can I opt for B.Pharma by choosing math as a major subject in BITSAT?
What is   \text{ }555 times 1414\frac{1}{4}?
What is it like to go to school in New York?
Does Brilliant help people master undergrad maths?
Will the ICSE 2017 results be declared by May 31st?
Are the cutoffs of DU for the overall percentage of students or for a particular subject?
What are some abroad universities that accept NIOS?
How does the public school system work in Mozambique?
Why do we still make a big deal out of high school graduation?
How are grace marks given in CA exams?
What are the best ways to earn even before you finish your graduation?
Why does a teacher prefer to give reasoning type of tests?
How do I become a drawing teacher?
What is the state of language education like in Serbia?
What is the use of math in CSE?
Do you have any idea on product concepts for education?
What was the NTSE syllabus in Karnataka 2016?
What should I learn after passing high school to get admission into MIT?
What subject is best to take with commerce if I am interested in music and designing?
How much mark should I score to get selected in AIIMS?
How many days does the FIITJEE take to allot new batches to the students after the reshuffling test?
What is the cost of home schooling and how is it carried out?
What I can do after 12th for PCM and economics?
What will be the best university choice for me?
What are the minimum marks needed to get into AIIMS for general category?
What type of mental thinking must we do to get 90 percentage+ on class 9?
What are your recommendations for improving the Italian education?
Will the CBSE give grace marks in the exam for class 12 chem 2017?
Why do those educated with jobs have difficulty escaping homelessness?
In higher studies, do candidates of IPS get a chance to study overseas after getting selected for IT services, and what are the conditions?
If everyone with 10 CGPA is 95 % then how do you rank students in 10th CBSE exam?
Is moderation really done or I'd only for saying in CBSE class 12 the results?
How should NCERT of Biology (11th and 12th) be studied for AIIMS and NEET? Should every line in the book be read thoroughly?
How can we teach innovation?
What is an easy way of teaching maths to primary school kids?
What's the best way to balance 7 hours of school, 3 hours of homework, sports, and video games?
Which is the best dummy school based on CBSE in Jabalpur?
Should you change schools if you feel your school is not good enough for you?
What is the best way to study year-round for a junior taking multiple AP classes, and in a way that can spare time for excessive homework?
What do you think about teachers who validate students based on marks?
How do I calculate the aggregate percentage in a BSc for RBI Grade B examination?
Can you teach yourself to be more witty?
What do I do I have only few hours left for chemistry board exam 1st year?
If you could create a new school subject and teach it yourself, what would it be?
Can I study my undergraduate in the USA from India by taking commerce after 10th?
What would you do better to improve the high school experience?
What is the use of maths for a medical student in India?
I have six subjects in CBSE class 12 so how should I determine the overall percentage?
Is 82% a bad score on the CBSE Class 12 if I plan on doing a CPL?
What best place for studying painting and cinema?
Is it important to have maths in 12th if I want to do BA honours (English)?
What is the last-moment strategy for AIIMS?
What do professors think of students who accept past quizzes/exams from upperclassmen who recently took their class? Is it good/bad learning approach?
What is a good idea for a school commercial project (grade 8)?
When should I take the SAT exam?
How do I to get my dual enrollment teachers to write me glowing letters of recommendations for Ivies and similar college applications?
How much rank is needed to get a seat in any AIIMS?
Which course should I choose after 12th, BBA, BBM or BBS?
How many grace marks are in KCET 2017?
What is your opinion about school life?
What are the maximum marks that can be obtained in RRB NPTC?
Should Mathematics in secondary schools be compulsory?
Should 2017, 12th board students also enter their qualifying marks in Karnataka CET before the announcement of the results?
What are the tricks to get the highest marks in English subject in my approaching +2 class?
What are the benefits of an environmental education program?
Can I turn from science stream to commerce stream after passing 12th?
Is English a compulsory subject of ISC Inter?
What are the best exams after​ computer​ sci.?
What is the difference between biotechnology and biomedical engineering? How do I opt these after class 12? I am a PCM student.
Who was your craziest / most interesting teacher?
What is the difference between grace marks and the spiking of marks? This is the decision taken by the HRD Minister for CBSE 2017.
What are the optional and compulsary subjects in 11th CBSE with PCB?
My score in Allen CBT for AIIMS 2017 is 100. Will I be able to score more in actual exams?
How are the aggregate marks for class 12 calculated for the RBI grade B exam? Is the best of 5 or total marks?
What are all the common government exams that a UG can attend?
Is anyone checking 2017 CBSE papers, please tell how's the marking scheme?
How do I get good marks in class 10 board examination 2018?
What are your views on Amity Gurgaon (Manesar) Campus?
As one who’s gone to virtual school and is going into a public high school next year, what are some of the things that I should expect?
How can I become a learning machine as a teenager in high school and what study method should I use to accomplish this?
What is the quickest procedure to get education loan for abroad in India without much formalities?
How do I identify academically weak students?
What topic should I choose for a class 12 chemistry project?
Is better to focus on HSC boards or its entrance exam?
What was the pattern of marks for class 10 students?
Is the syllabus of class 11 changing next year?
How can I score in the FSC exams?
How is biotechnology at Amity Mumbai?
Which are the top 10 M.Tech colleges for distance education?
Is standardized testing good for children?
Can I get admission in MBBS after passing the NIOS?
What will be the likely verdict of HC Delhi on the PIL concerning the scrapping of moderation policy and grace marking on the CBSE?
Where can I do debate/public speaking outside of school in Singapore?
How much can I expect in 10th boards ICSE, if I scored 59%in pre boards?
What are the most effective ways to study (for class 11th and 12th)?
Is there any entrance exam for pilot after class 12?
How should I prepare for AIIMS from the very beginning? I am in class 11th. Which books should I study from?
What is taught in the Electronics and Electrical Communication branch at IIT KGP?
What are some good ways to use data analytics in education?
How can I appear for improvements of 12th PCM percentage?
What if I do not get a good college after 12th?
Is there an agent who helps with school admissions in Chennai?
Can anyone provide me with a PDF file of O.P. Tandon Chemistry class 11?
Can I do CA coaching after 10 class?
What aspect of education is missing in people that lack critical analysis and have shallow reasoning?
What is the procedure for changing the exam center of IGNOU?
What is the syllabus for the CLAT that I should study from 11th standard as I have chosen PCB with maths as an option?
Does IIM consider the best of four for ISC students or the average of all the subjects?
Which are some of the best computer classes in Borivali to learn a computer language?
What is the impact of the CBSE moderation marking policy on the results of 2017 CBSE students?
Can a top 50 rank in AIIMS be achieved in 1 year?
Students nowadays complain that teachers don't teach well. Is that so, or are these just some excuses by them? If it is so, then how can we improve this?
What is the difference between an elite university and an average one in terms of curriculum?
How often do high school students not get REM sleep?
Is it good to join an intermediate or polytechnic course after class ten?
How much should I score to get a seat in AIIMS?
Will CBSE only give grace marks this year?
If I am graduating from school in Bhopal, can I get into any good colleges abroad?
Can I get good marks for writing a 2 page answer for an 18 marks question at DU, if I am a student of humanities and political science?
How can I get ahead of studies using online methods as an international high school student?
Can a student transfer from a psychology degree in the first year to a Biology or similar degree in a Canadian Ontario college?
What do you think about online classes on Coursera, books and education in the overall finance area?
How much do IITians depend on their faculty for studying CSE courses? And how much do they study through online sources/self/friends?
What are some suggestions for ISC English in 2019?
What needs to be done to reduce the taboo towards contraceptives?
Has anyone from Army Public School Gurdaspur studied in their 4th class in the year 2006 at Army Public School Gurdaspur?
If you were to compare a Turkish university degree to an Estonian university degree, what would you say? Which is more prestigious?
Is there any dummy school in Ghaziabad?
Is Lubbock High School haunted?
Can someone be proficient in Newtonian level physics without higher education?
What jobs can make me rich without too much education?
Will I get an education loan if I have 4 backlogs out of 14 papers in FE engineering?
How do I get into CA after completing an MPC in intermediate?
How did you get an AIR of 10 in AIIMS Main?
Can I get into Harvard with a 3.2 GPA in 12th grade, 4.5 in 11th, 5 in 10th, 5 in 9th and with a perfect score in the SAT, ACT and SAT Subject tests?
Is there a high competition of law schooling in India?
How should I study to get better grades in high school and become a great student?
Which is better for the NEET, pure science or bio-maths (for Samacheer Kalvi students)?
Is the school district justified at all for suspending the student’s position as ASB President? Is the student protected by the first amendment?
Can an IGNOU student appear for the December TEE '17 for some papers if he enrolled in July '16? Is there any form to be filled to appear for this exam?
Can every children get a good education?
Should I take notes from books in high school and study by them or should I just read the book and study without taking notes to get better grades?
What course can I join after finishing 12th regarding civil engineering?
In what way(s) Chinese education system is better than Indian edu. system? How can we rectify our shortcomings?
What can 12th pass students interested in physics and astronomy do before they join their college (in my case IIT or IISC)?
Is it wise to take science and do bio technology after 10th along with hotel management and also a few courses of makeup artistry?
Do we get a high level of education in Ukraine to get through the USMLE?
What are some major struggling student groups that are often overlooked and what might be some ways to help them?
If CBSE follows the HC order, will CISCE follow the same, or are ISC students at a disadvantage?
Who is the best chemistry teacher for class 11 ISC in Kolkata?
Does any IT company directly recruit freshers having 90% and above in their senior secondary (ICSE), higher secondary and engineering undergraduate?
Is PCMB combination needed for NEET?
How do I cancel my college degree after passing out (in India)? Is there any such provision?
Is it true that those who score well in college will also score well in competitive programming?
What are the passing marks out of 20?
How do I prepare for the CLAT after standard 10?
How can I study in high school and get better grades and go deeper in that material, learn it and understand it from the root?
How do I get online courses on SQL Servers?
Why are the tropics defined at 23 degrees rather than the logical 30 degree?
How can I stop procrastinating as a high school student and just get good grades?
Which school is the best in Nashik with 11th and 12th std. [state board]?
Can studying by reciting/trying to teach others a chapter and trying to link it with something else help me get better grades in high school?
After 12, what should I do to become a PCS officer with commerce subject?
Should I quit gaming forever as a teenager to live my life and get better grades?
What are the IT skills needed for human resources? Is there any online free course available?
Do I stand a chance of doing a PhD from outside India? I have scored only 83.8% in class X, 59.4% in class XII & 60.25% in a BSc (1st class in botany).
Why does the west continue the character limiting elections in the yearbooks of their high school children?
What grace marks are given in the CBSE board exams in 2017?
What is the best physics investigatory project for class 12?
Are your schools informed about Islam?
Other than Kota, Is there any better institute for science after 10th?
What are the technological trends in education?
What was your class 12 percentage, and has it helped you in any way?
What is a good high school resume maker?
If I have gotten 105% and 107% on two Science tests, will they balance out my 95% and 99% and result in me passing the class with full marks?
Are grace marks helpful to every student?
Did anyone fail in the 12th board?
What are the educational qualifications for a B.Pharma in MP?
How can I get a new marksheet of the UP board in high school?
Is Terrence Tao's method for teaching analysis effective?
What is the new CBCS system in DU colleges? How are marks calculated following this system?
What are best basic/recommended books for maths for 12th PCM students?
Can a person with commerce in class 12 become a dietitian?
What are some effective tips you could give for Physics and Math HL?
Will poor math grades look bad on my college application if I choose to major in finance?
Educators: What are some simple changes you have seen or experienced at your school district that had a major impact on student outcomes?
How are Amity University Noida AC hostel rooms?
Is it necesarry to study 5 or 6 hours to gain good marks in class 12?
Is it mandatory to get 60% in HS Examination to be eligible for NET?
Will moderation policy affect the results of CBSE 2017 coming on 24 May?
Which institute is better for a class 12+ student, ALLEN, Resonance, or Nucleus Education?
What are some good schools offering A levels in Pune?
Which are the best coaching institutes for SBI bank PO and RBI grade B in Delhi?
Should I stop gaming to get better grades and stop my depression?
Which stream is best for a BCA after the 10th?
Is BBA or civil better?
What is an ideal age for completing 12th class?
Do questions get repeated in AIIMS?
Which subject do I take at 9.2?
Are coaching classes doing an immense service to India's students?
Would you please provide the SEBI grade A exam syllabus?
What is an intellectually rigorous degree I can take?
How did Charlemagne's support of education benefit his kingdom?
Is IGCSE the new name for O Levels?
Is it hard to study a degree in Business Management? What jobs can you get out of it?
Do you need to remember everything at all times in Math to advance?
Why did you decide to put your child in a forest kindergarten?
There is no moderation this year for CBSE class 12. Only grace marks are being awarded. Won't it affect the Delhi students?
How hard was IB further math this year?
In order to major in biochemistry, do both of my marks in Biology and Chemistry need to cross the cutoff mark?
How does the high school where you go differ from your friends’ schools?
How can I understand maths, study it and get better grades in high school?
I got A1 in 3 subjects in class 9 and A1 in all subjects (internal) in class 10. How much marks should I get to get a 10 CGPA?
If I fail the 12th exam in 2017, can I be eligible for the IIT exam in 2018?
Can a change in educational policy solve most of India's problems?
Can I fill the improvement form of class 12 in 2017 without wasting my year?
Is Make School a college? If not, what is it?
Will the CBSE follow the Delhi HC order of not scrapping the moderation policy this year?
Who has a class in school that actually feels like prison?
Is "Delhi Institute of Professional Studies" legal as it offers graduation courses in 1 year?
What software can teaching assistants (PhD candidates or otherwise) use?
Can I decide that if I drop a year I will fully grab the basics of all subjects required for AIIMS Delhi 2018? I want to do MBBS from AIIMS Delhi only.
How do I know the syllabus and marks pattern of class 10?
What education qualifications do I need to evaluate from WES? I have a B.E. degree and a master's degree, should 10th and 12th also be considered?
If came 15 minutes late to class, can a teacher refuse to teach me and leave 30 minutes early?
I attend Aakash coaching classes and as a result I get only 4 hours for studying. Is NCERT syllabus enough for securing a seat in VIT/SRM?
Is 15 years of education enough for doing CEMS MIM?
When will the results for Ishan Uday 2016-2017 be declared?
How do I concentrate on my education?
Do I need to learn all the dates for the ICSE board history exam 2018?
What can I learn from a high school chemistry course?
What should I do if I like my classmate at school, but we are now at different colleges and she is at a far better college than me?
What happened to you when you finished highschool?
Do the cut-off marks in a subject in JEE Advanced 2017 imply total marks in both papers in the subject or marks in the subject in each one paper?
How can I become the best student I can be in high school?
Do we need educated citizens for democracy?
Can I get 90% in 12 after getting grace marks to 80%?
Are American business schools a lot better than British ones?
If a person correctly writes 30 marks in chemistry 2017 CBSE, will he pass?
What should you do if you want to finish your university education but have no money, weak credit score, and poor grades from when you first attended?
Should I go for Group C post in the SSB as a compassionate appointment, or continue as a B.Sc nursing graduate and pursue higher education?
If you were a teacher and you had to teach the high school version of yourself, what advice would you give her?
Which subject stream should I take?
After completing 10th class, is there any entrance exam for Oxford University?
What is the best effective way to study fast and for long retaining?
Is it possible to create a career in cricket after getting an education?
Should I choose banking, maths, or secretarial practices in my class 11 commerce stream?
How can I not give up from studying in high school and just get better grades?
What are the minimum marks for AIIMS?
Will there be a board moderation policy in the academic year of 2018?
What online graduate school is cheaper for a doctoral course?
What advice would you give to a freshman in high school who is starting to become exposed to more and more of today's world?
Has Amity ever accepted a student who failed 12th board?
How do I manage and study both the 12th public exam as well as the NEET exam?
What is the most difficult class you've ever taken?
Do we have to pass out from class 10 first to appear for the ASAT Nurture course at ALLEN?
What type of maths is included in economics?
How can I get my 12th class marksheet after 2 years gap?
What are some things I can do, as a young woman who’s getting ready to go into college, to prepare or better myself?
What are some elite boarding secondary schools in the US and UK with decent to good swimming programs?
Is upgradation continuing this year (2016-2017) in class X?
Does a premium B School tag really make a difference?
How is Amity University Noida for fashion communication?
What is the standard for the questions on the PGET in CSE at MAKAUT? And where can I find sample question papers for the same?
What are some interesting topics for my class 11 physics project?
What is the best thing a teacher said to you?
Which subject is easy, and which is tough in BITS 2017?
When is the Bihar Board 12th Science result likely to be declared?
How many of you have been a victim of loneliness in high school and college?
For those who are good at programming but not math, what do they find difficult about math?
Is NCERT Biology alone enough to score more than 90% in Biology in AIIMS and NEET? How important is NCERT (Physics and Chemistry) for these exams?
In CBSE schools, what is the difference between a Hindi A and a Hindi B course?
How many mark is require for a SC student to get a seat in AIIMS Delhi?
Is the dropper course of Prerna Classes good?
How many countries in the world provide basic life support training to their school students? I am not talking about 11-12 year old kids.
Should I join Aakash in class 9 if I am willing to take medical?
Which are the field options open for me after completing class 12th sci. PCM?
What are the approximate minimum marks to get a seat in any of the AIIMs?
Why does SSC not allow fresh registration of candidates who registered for a previous exam?
What should we do to pass 10th and get into medical science?
What are strategies to teach a student to make predictions regarding written texts?
Is the ICSE or the CBSE best for the NEET?
IGCSE Students: Are you finding the 2017 May/June examinations harder than most past papers?
I will take Algebra 2 HN in 10th grade. Am I behind as an engineering school candidate? What's your suggestions?
What is continuing professional education in CPA?
How do I study H2 Chemistry?
When will the 2017 Class 12 HSC result be declared?
Is Amity Noida really boring like they say?
What is the procedure to appear for the Delhi University improvement exams?
Without maths in 12th standard, can I do CA?
Should I use mind maps to study in high school and improve my grades?
How can I pass the JAIIB within 15 days?
How do I score good in the CBSE class 10 science practical questions?
What's the difference between regular schooling and homeschooling?
How can I build good study habits and get better grades in high school?
What do you do when a teacher hates you?
Which is the best university in the world in which to study Indian history?
Can a science student pursue law after class 12? If so, what steps should one take to get into a reputable law school?
Will I qualify for the Advanced 2017 if I get only 8 marks in physics (paper 1 and 2) and 65 each in math and chemistry?
Why have an educational institutions become a money-making business? There is no quality.
When is the first reshuffling of the MEGA course of Vibrant Academy held?
Should I take regular classes to boost my GPA or should I still take AP/honors classes?
How does examiner gives marks in engineering?
What is the best option for becoming a CA after 12th class?
Why education is going costly day by day?
What do Muslim students do if they participate in food and beverage courses?
Where can I check my HS results on WB board?
What is the meaning of drama and theatre in education?
I was in my science teachers room and was wondering: Could a teacher murder someone and use the skeleton as a display to get rid of the body?
What​ is IIT? What should we study in intermediate for betterment?
From a GPA perspective, what is the value of the Honors courses as opposed to the AP courses?
I am interested in computer science, which are the different courses available after 12 in India?
Why are school clubs the worst?
What if my father can't handle or dislikes the idea of studying abroad in US after high school?
What are some good books that teach practical approaches and methods for sizing a market?
Do classes begin at Christ University immediately after orientation?
How is Amity university Noida for studying B pharm?
With marks of 120, what rank will one get in the AIIMS?
What are the subjects for CBSE commerce?
Is ISC marking scheme strict or lenient?
What are the pros and cons of sending my child to a Chinese national school or a private school in Malaysia?
Can a school prevent a student from taking an AP course?
How do people decide which college to attend?
What do you think about subjectivity?
Are there cliques in your high school?
Can I skip the SAT 10, 11, and 12 classes and go directly to university?
How good of grades do I need for grad school in math or physics?
Is it possible to clear the full syllabus of the CBSE class 11th and 12th in just 6 months?
What is meant by self-education?
How will the moderation policy of the CBSE 2017 help a good and hard working student?
Does board percentage matter in AIIMS?
Should I study by taking notes and trying to teach the notes/lecture them or by reading a textbook and lecture at the same time to get better grades?
What is the best way to write the description of an instrument in the exam in order to get full marks?
What all gets included in determining the moderation of marks? Is it all about passing or something else?
Have I lost my chance of getting an A grade on my English paper?
How do I use flash cards for maths to understand concepts or should I try to self explain it to myself in high school?
What are the benefits of studying at Strathroy District Collegiate Institute?
Which is the best institution after the 10th board?
How much is the counselling fees at Manipal institute of technology?
Which syllabus is best iCSE, CBSE, or state for NEET?
I want to study biology of aging. What should I study for Bachelor?
What do teachers think about introverted students?
Should I go to LPU? Is the education and placement good there?
What was it like to study at UF? What were your experiences, professors, classes, people, etc.?
How do prestigious educational institutes in India show the relation between student's socioeconomic background and their selection in institution?
When will the 12th HSC 2017 results be out?
Can I apply for admission to DU after class 12? I am currently in class 10.
Can I crack the NTSE exam by studying the state board book and finding information on the internet?
What is the best course to take when you have scored 60% in 12th?
Does the training provided by tech companies to freshers indicate that the Indian education system is of poor quality?
When will the CBSE 12 2017 result be out?
Are marks obtained in class 12th going to be analysed in the selection process along with the exam, GD/PI?
What is the current problem of CBSE with not publishing 12th results 2017?
What are the online DELE preparation courses available for less than 200 euros?
Why is there a feeling of emptiness after one graduates from high school/university?
What is the new date of CBSE class 12 result 2017? Has any information regarding that issued by the board?
What is a D.El.Ed course, and what are some private colleges?
What degree is better to do after intermediate?
What makes nationalism a false philosophy in education?
What was the reaction of your parents after your 12th class results? How did you tackle your relatives?
I hate going home after school. What should I do?
Does your class 12 percentage matter in MBA placements? I got 72% in both class 12 and college, and 88% in class 10. Will I have issues with getting shortlisted for summer internships?
Is it possible to take a language exam for 10th class in the CBSE years after school (even after graduation)?
Are there any fine art Indian students on Quora? Can anyone share some effective and economical ways to pursue fine arts in Delhi?
How difficult will it be for a student to score 85%-95%, after the changed policy of providing grace marks?
How should I study to get best grades ever as a teenager in high school?
Is admission to a UG course on a donation basis good?
How many people failed in the 10 CBSE board exam in 2016?
Which are the best books for accountancy class 12?
Is it okay for a teacher to shove me in the head?
Where does one write the AP exam?
What are examples of core teaching strategies?
Demotivated by not scoring good marks in practice tests. In the last 20 days, how can one score best? What should be done to make the year’s efforts worth?
Should we follow the CBSE syllabus or state board syllabus for the SSN entrance test?
What are the interesting topics in commerce class 11?
What is a good reference book for 11th CBSE?
How does teacher check a paper when half a page is empty?
Where all are CONCEPTREE Learning centres offering residential NEET programs (XI and XII)?
What is the reason behind Roman Saini's decision to give away free education in place of free medical treatment?
In state board, is English core elective or functional?
Have you ever experienced failure as an elementary school classroom teacher? What did you learn from it?
What subject should I choose for a BBA?
Where can you study for free in Canada and pay after graduating?
Will you recommend skipping Algebra 2 over the summer for a rising 10th grader?
Is question number 10 of the JEE Advanced 2017 Paper 1 similar to one of the physics questions asked in the WBJEE 2014 exam?
Does Nalanda University in Bihar still have good education?
What course should I choose after 12 biology to joining in NASA?
Do we fall into GNGND category if one has completed school in Noida but graduated from Delhi?
Can a person rely on online studying and training for serious classical music education (vocal and instrumental)?
What's a good way to remember study designs?
Is it worth spending money on IT-related higher education in a foreign university for an Indian now?
Do I need to study 11th and 12th mathematics for GATE?
How do I secure 95%+ in 10th boards exam in CBSE? I am an average student scored 10th CGPA in my 9th. What are the ways throgh which I can prepare?
Should schools teach people how to allow their views to be challenged?
What can I do if I hate school?
Which sites are useful to study for UGC NET?
Should I get grace marks if I’m getting 80 marks in any subject?
Do we have to learn the AIIMS password for an exam or will it be provided?
Do guys prefer dating girls that have a higher education than themselves as much as girls prefer dating someone that has a higher education than theirs?
What are the characteristics of an outcome-based education?
Is archaeology a science or arts subject?
How many are frustrated with CBSE's behavior?
Which subject would be better for doing graduation economics or statistics if I am interested in doing higher education and my maths is pretty good?
What is the best novel for a school student?
What should I do to become a great student in high school again and get better grades?
Can I redeem myself in my junior year after having bad grades in sophomore year?
What are some maths be tricks for high school?
Is the topic "determination of contents of cold drinks" good for my class 12 investigatory project?
Are 6th-12th Science NCERTS worth reading? Most S and T questions are from current affairs.
What is 4D in physics in the easy way of class 11?
What is the best advice about Finance to give to a new high school graduate?
Is there any difference in VMC premium correspondence if one applies online for the course?
When taking notes to study in high school, should I just take them once and read them, or should I take notes everytime I read to study?
What’s the real effectiveness of mind maps, and can they help me get better grades in high school?
How are grace marks alloted to the students of CBSE after the HC order?
How do I find members to form a band in high school when I don't know anyone?
What course can you pursue after doing humanities in the CBSE in Plus 2 for under/post graduation? What are the career opportunities?
How would you handle educational ethics in today's complex situation?
Are there any opportunities other than treating patients after completing PG studies in medicine?
Can the SAT be attempted after the 10th try?
How will CBSE give marks now after the High Court's decision regarding the marks moderation policy?
What percentage of high school students read the assigned texts?
Which college can I join if my class 12 percentage is 60%? I am a PCB student.
What was the lowest score last year to get into AIIMS Delhi?
Should I study by taking notes from my textbook and then trying to teach someone through those notes to get better grades in high school?
Can you grow high grade marijuana from low grade seeds?
What are some good Chemistry research topics with enough experiments for a 12 grader?
What are you taking for your GCSE?
Is there any course in BSC related to CNC course?
Which programme and in which college/varsity should I pursue after class 12 which offers me a wide variety of subjects to learn?
Is ordinary education more important than skill?
What would you like to say to a 12th class student whose result is to be declared tomorrow?
What was your percentage in class 11 as a PCM student?
Will we get moderation marks in the CBSE maths board exam in 2017?
What are the current teaching methodologies in geography?
Can somebody suggest colleges that offer courses in archeology?
Can I become a CA after completing class 12 in computer science?
Will the ICSE also take back its “no moderation” policy after the decision of the high court?
What could be the best chemistry project for class 12 that could be made innovative using some samples of various mentioned articles?
Will doing boarding in Kota be better for class 11 and further for IIT?
What are options for a career after 12th for a medical student?
Can I do A-Levels without doing O-Levels?
What are some books that I can get for more knowledge in class 11 for an arts stream?
Why is CBSE creating so much confusion? Will grace marks and moderation policy continue or not?
Do Palestinians really teach their kids in schools to hate Israelis?
Is there any pre-closure charge for an education loan in IOB in India?
How do I encourage a surly teenager to study for importantly exams?
Do middle schools teach "state history" like Texas has "Texas history" in sixth grade?
Is there any website from where I can get college and higher education guidance?
In ICSE, are the marks obtained in written exams or internal assessments in class 9 added to class 10 marks?
What are the overall benefits and disadvantages of studying Further Mathematics (Pure Math, Statistics and Mechanics) in Cambridge A Levels?
I am a bio student and I just passed 12th. Should I go into the commerce field?
How does the US education system work from a student's career point of view?
What is the selection process of the Mentor Graphics Higher Education Program?
Will standardised marks be given on the 2017 class 12 CBSE?
What will happen if I am absent for sixth subject (PE) in CBSE 12 Boards 2017?
What does one do after BBA?
How do I improve my English marks in the ISC?
How can I become a vet after completing my 12 class PCM subjects?
If I have less time what would be more helpful, solving questions or only studying the chapters for AIIMS?
What are the top 3 most important high school math courses to know later on? You can include AP Calculus and Linear Algebra.
Are non-maths students allowed in the Goenka College of Commerce?
Was the CBSE moderation policy really scrapped or not?
What are some cool applications of computer vision in education (traditional classrooms, MOOCs, etc.)?
Class 11 started and its summer vacation. I am not willing to study, so what should I do?
Should I start using mind maps to study and get better grades in high school?
Which stream in the 11th standard will offer the best career option in the coming future?
Is there an institute that provides a job after the course?
Why can't I do well in school?
What are good non-STEM summer opportunities for high schoolers?
What type of interaction happens between juniors and seniors at AIIMS Delhi?
I have 2 weeks left for finals (as the worst student). What should I do?
Are there any reservations for undergraduate students in PG seats at the new AIIMS?
What is the best high school in Arlington, TX?
When reading and studying, should I read aloud or read silently for me to get better grades in high school?
What are the courses to take up after 12th commerce to become a CEO?
In Advance, should I get 10% in each subject of each paper, or 10% when adding both paper 1 and 2 marks in each subject?
When reading to get better grades in high school, should I read everything or just skim fastly through everything and slow down on important parts?
When studying and trying to teach someone else to get better grades in high school, should I teach the entire chapter or only the main points?
Is CBSE really going to declare the 12 board results tomorrow?
Why are the CBSE and HRD playing dirty politics over the class 12 results? At the end of the day, the students suffer due to the policy lapses.
What was the attitude that you approached subjects with during your preparation? Was it with an intent to learn, or to somehow finish the concept?
What's some good advice for a teacher switching to first grade after 15 years of teaching fifth grade?
Will the ISC results be bad this year as they are is coming out so late?
How was the accounts paper?
What should a weak science girl student who is also economically weak do after class 12th?
Do we have to save each and every question while giving the AIIMS paper?
I'm in 12th studying MEC. I want to learn physics and programming. Would it be better to wait for 12th to finish or can I learn it now?
Should a CA student opt for maths in 11th and 12th or its fine?
What is the ranking of the ECTEL (enhanced learning) conference?
How do I draw a flowchart in which a student's marks in 5 subjects are entered and the average is calculated. If the average is more than 70, then do I draw a star?
Seeing the age and time, should teachers become more interactive and intuitive using technology or apps for education in school?
Is there any 11th group related to a B.A. in literature in Ambattur?
What is best to choose either BIPC or diploma for an average student with low financial status?
Can a student who failed in the 12th (HSC), have the re-exam for the 12th arts stream online?
Which is the best course after 12th to make a good career?
In a school like Phillips Exeter, what distinguishes a student from the rest of his class?
Which are the best courses to take up in engineering?
It's the end of May. When will our ISC results be declared?
How do teachers identify smart students?
What degree do we get after completing class 10?
Should I study by acting like I am teaching others to get better grades in high school to get better grades?
What happens if you're sick and miss high school finals?
Can schools in Utah legally force kids to come back on the grounds?
I’m very weak at microbiology, I don't even know the basics. How should I study this subject?
Should I study using flash cards or by reading and doing active recall to get better grades in high school?
What is the max education loan I can take to study for an MBBS from Manipal in India?
Which MBA I can opt for in distance education after an Mtech in software engineering?
What can a British school expel you for?
What is the difference between moderation and grace marks in CBSE?
Should I switch languages for my sophomore year of high school? I took Arabic in my freshman year because I felt like it was a good opportunity.
How many people appeared for the Manipal Institute of Technology entrance exam in 2017?
Can a student of PCM apply for jounalism?
If someone gets chance into any other AIIMS except Delhi and takes the admission then is it possible to change his decision to get into AIIMS Delhi?
How much will I get if I get 71 in the KCET and 64% in PCM in the board exam?
Which one is best for an MBA: Amity Business Noida or Galgotias University Noida?
Is the board exam scary?
Should I listen to music while studying in high school to get better grades?
How do I make a team table for one year if I want to prepare for the AIIMS 2018?
Should I study by reading and trying to lecture on what I am reading or by using flash cards and Quizlet to get better grades in high school?
Can I be accepted to French university after not being in school for 4 years? I graduated from a prestigious private school in the USA.
Is it fine to play PC games as study breaks when you're studying 10-12 hours each day for the NEET?
How many hours does it take to study physics, chemistry, and mathematics equally?
What is a great way help your grand children learn with you?
Is conventional mathematics methods that are taught in schools are justified?
Could we pay for UK further education with an extra 1% tax on everyone who has a degree?
What kinds of alternative schools do you think deserve support with tax money and what are the advantages of those schools?
What is it like to adopt a preteen, who is 11 to 12?
How many classes are held in a week in Concept Educations, Guwahati for a foundation 2 year course (engineering)?
Which scholarships can I apply for after the 12th class in PCM from the CBSE in General boys?
Is it possible to prepare for AIIMS in a year?
Can I become a software engineer if I choose PCB and Information Practices in class 11?
What is the percentage in 12 boards required for an OBC candidate to sit for the IIT exam?
Which course is better at Polytechnic?
Other than Kota, are there any better institutes for secondary education science (PCM)?
How would you fix the American school system?
How can I actually understand, learn and get good at sciences and maths in high school?
I am in tenth class now. What is the secret to being good at math?
How many marks are increased in the moderation policy of the CBSE?
How should one face their ''relatives'' when one was unable to score even fair marks in 2 consecutive important exams?
When will the class 11 session start in 2017?
How can I become a great student in high school and get great grades?
Can I do a BBA after 12th computer science (without accounts)?
What are some of the things that you did as part of the house system at your high school?
Can I repeat 12th from CBSE to MP boards and change stream too?
Should one abandon education and instead just try to argue with trolls and posers on the Internet and learn to "win"?
What is your advice regarding Personal Financial Security to teenagers just out of high school?
How do I get a government job easily after 12th science?
Would it be difficult to give a chatbot personality traits based on a system like astrology, with 12 timers with different periods, and 12 values each?
How can one do higher studies abroad?
How difficult was PESSAT 2017?
What should be done to score marks easily in the ICSE 10 exam?
What should I say to my autistic male high school teacher?
What classes does a South Korean high school student need to study?
Can I get an education loan at 40 lakhs and without any collateral security for abroad undergraduate studies?
How do I maintain a good teacher -student relationship, after passing out from college?
When will we see a Career Counselor in schools in Pakistan? When will the school's administration realized its true importance and significance?
How much will you pay for a tutor?
How do I study organic chemistry with coaching?
Can students learn database management straightaway after their graduation from school?
Is there is any use of 12th standard board marks to join in the research​ field?
What is the CBSE pattern for class 11th for 2017-18?
Which schools in Chennai gives seats for 80% for +1?
What do you think about Self Dabba’s statements of recent times by AP C. M. ChandraBabu?
What should one do after the final year results have been declared for an undergraduate of the School of Open Learning? My results were declared in November 2016.
Are there any IIT engineers who fully dedicated themselves to social service e.g., education?
How can you letter in high school?
Do my class 12 marks really matter if I’m taking the chartered accountant entrance exam - CPT?
What are your tips for getting motivated to do homework?
How did Mark Zuckerberg become successful without college education?
Which is the best reference book for 9th for every subject?
Is 60.10 a good score in NIFT?
Which subject should I choose in 11th grade so that I take it forward for my higher studies in a foreign country?
Should private land and banks be illegal? If so, why?
Do you enjoy school?
Who is the highest preforming student you know that did not meet the A-G requirements? How are they doing after high school?
In the United States of America, do you have to go to your highschool graduation to get your diploma?
Which college can a student get if he scores 152 marks in the AKTU PCM entrance exam?
How can Science be durable and subject to change at the same time? Why is that important?
Did you ever have a student or classmate who was legitimately terrifying?
What is the best way to prepare for my chemistry 10th board exam (I'll give it in 2018)?
When will the result of class 10th 2016-17 batch come?
Who is a a teacher?
How do you like High School compared to Middle School?
GGSIPU: Is there lenient checking for reappear exams?
Will the marks of CBSE students come down this year?
Which is better in terms of quality education, GD Goenka University vs KR Mangalam University?
What subjects are to be chosen as electives during the VTU Electronics and Communication 7th Semester?
Do students outside India refer to Indian books for math and science?
How much mark should I score to get a rank below 100 in AIIMS exam?
What are the standard books of mathematics and science for 9th standard?
What are some suggestions for the last 10-15 days before the 2017 preliminary exams? How do I relax in order to deal with my anxiety and sleeplessness?
How should I deal with a not-really-good teacher?
What are the implications of the high court order on stopping CBSE from removing the marks moderation scheme this year?
What does aggregate marks in RBI grade B exam mean? Does it include all or only main subjects?
How can a teacher explain how standards-based grading works to parents?
Which university should I choose for a BBA course- LPU, UPES or Amity Business School?
Should I put my English paper up for recalculation (Karnataka PU board)? I have been given 1 mark less than the maximum for the 4 and 6 mark questions.
Do the 12th class results matter for a UG course from DU?
How is Omega Classes, Adarsh Nagar, Delhi for CBSE?
Is Stanford predominantly a STEM school?
Is a moderation policy good or bad for a 12th CBSE student who can score around 75% on his own?
Why can I focus at school but not at home?
What has the Modi government done to improve education in India?
How many questions are asked in the MAT and SAT sections of NTSE West Bengal Stage I?
Where are the best cities to get an affordable education in Canada?
What does it mean when someone learns better doing an online course rather than in a course taught by someone in person?
Is the fact in Britain they don't teach about the American Revolution as a standard "school" requirement a sign hinting they are still sore about it?
Which is the best residential school in Hyderabad for class 9?
During what year should I take the board 10th CBSE?
Can anyone will share the complete study material for the CAT?
Is this a good IB selection to keep my options open for medicine, economics, and law (Hl Math, chem, econ and Sl English, French, and history)?
Why do I take too much time to study one topic? How can I study efficiently?
As a primary teacher in the UK, will I be paid more if I have a Master's degree instead of a Bachelor's?
If you were a paraprofessional that had to sit in a class with mentally impaired students every day, what would you do?
Should I go for the arts stream after class 12?
How can I have access to the educational content in English Ninjas?
Will CBSE pass the student in maths of class 10?
Do I need to take biology in class 12 if I wish to pursue a BPharm at ICT Mumbai?
Is there grace marking in the CBSE class 12 boards for this year?
Are 4 AS subjects (Biology, Chemistry, Maths, and English Language) sufficient to get into a university in the UK?
Is there any petition going on against CBSE's decision of scrapping it's moderation policy?
What are the courses you can opt for once you’re done with 12th?
Is it for sure that the CBSE class 12 results will be declared tomorrow?
Is it possible to prepare for the AIIMS exams in a year? How? Could anyone advise me on time management, books, and how to go through GK?
What criteria should be considered when deciding the subject in class 11 (PCM or PCB)? I am quite confused in deciding.
How do I file a case against CBSE to decrease the 75% criteria for NIT/IIT in 2017 as they will be giving less marks due to scrapping of moderation?
What are the best skills I should learn?
What options do I get if I choose art as a stream ahead?
How do I pull an all-nighter in high school and get better grades?
What are the best books and sample papers for the class 12 boards exam to get above 90%?
Why is the PTU grading so unfair?
What percentage of middle schoolers actually follow through with their career choices?
Who are the teachers in Vision IAS? How often do they have classes?
How can I make my class 11 physics strong for medical entrance exams?
How does Master Class recruit their instructors?
How is Sushila Birla Girls' School in Kolkota?
Is my 12 class percentage very important for my future career?
Can you statistically prove that board results don't matter in India?
Is it possible to do a diploma degree in elementary education via distance learning if I am not a teacher?
How can one do complex math problems in one's head?
How many exams will there be for class 11 in the CBSE 2017-18 academic session?
How much do secondary schools spend on training teachers?
After passing 10th, how can one get an education free of cost?
Which is the best course after 12 in medical, for good placements abroad?
What are the best books for Phase 2 of RBI B Grade Exam?
Where can I get NCERT 11th class books at a discounted price in Gurgaon?
Were all IITians topper in class 10?
What is the expected date for ICSE results for class 10?
Should School superintendents be elected officials?
Are my parents making the right decision by having me move high schools for junior year?
Do board marks matter for symbiosis?
Why is money more important than education?
How do I search for an anchor script for a school assembly?
On what aspects is education in foreign schools better than Indian schools?
How do I find the best study material for CLAT on the internet?
How will the Delhi High Court’s verdict regarding the moderation policy, affect the ICSE and ISC results?
How can I get good study skills and improve my grades in high school?
Is high school like middle school?
What is your advice to a student who is willing to leave university and start studying online?
Are there any NGO’s in Lucknow working on Children's Education?
When will KV’s process admission in class 9, I mean within how many days after declaration of the tenth result?
What are the misconceptions of Christian education?
What is the GST rate for educational institutions, short workshop providers, and online course providers in India and abroad?
How many marks are required on the KCET for the veterinary subject?
Is Amity admission for B.Tech open in July too?
Have you ever challenged a grade you thought was too high?
Will CBSE moderation policy is valid in session 2016-17 or not valid?
How will the delay in CBSE results affect college admissions?
Will 2018 12th class students suffer due to the moderation policy?
How can I solve x+cos(x)=ax+cos⁡(x)=ax+\cos(x)=a for xxx? Is it possible at all?
How should I start preparing for the GATE, and in which order should I study the subjects? I need to make a schedule based on the importance of each subject.
Can Indian parents get jailed if they force their kids into engineering and medical?
Which is the best career to select after the 12th class for a girl who lives in Nepal?
How do I study for Class 12 board exam if I have only 9 months left to score 95%?
My school is meant for smart kids, I generally get As and Bs, but I have 2 Cs. Is that bad? Is a C even a passing grade? What will other schools say?
Is it advisable to study too much 2 days before the exam?
What are the difficulties students face since they don’t have an ask and answer website in their college to clear their doubts about their academics?
Is there a GST exemption for the employees of private coaching tuitions for entrance examinations (for both non teaching and teaching staff)?
Is a rank of 329 (AIR) good enough for NCHMCT? Can I get an educational loan? If yes, then how much? What college preferences should I make?
Have you successfully cheated in an GCSE or A-level exam? If so, how?
Am I doomed if I don't get a Ivy League education?
Does music help or disrupt revision?
Is there a moderation policy in the CBSE board result 2017?
Which countries have the most effective family planning education for school-aged children?
In the improvement exams, do they calculate the best marks, or use the whole year’s marks?
How do you prepare for IIT from Class 8 without going for coaching classes?
What are the basic education qualifications required to get admission into an agriculture college?
What does a class 12 marksheet look like?
What is it like to commute to school in NY everyday?
How do I get help with math problems online?
Can someone attend the board exams of Bangladesh (SSC, HSC etc) without ever going to school?
What are good school districts around Pittsburgh, essentially in terms of elementary and middle school?
What are the best fashion schools in the world?
Which countries teach their students “positive attitude/thinking” in schools, and which don’t?
How do I prepare for the AIIMS exam that is 13 months from now?
Is it too late to change myself and start getting straight A's in high school if I am 15?
What was one of your closest calls in high school?
Is there a way for me to earn a sort of exemption, or otherwise get out of taking a core high school class in Louisiana, US?
Can we join a medical course after doing 12th in a non-medical PSEB?
Can a college dormitory be a good place to study?
What are the best short time courses after HSC (science)?
Can I get admission in Amity BBA?
Do students from Amity Lucknow have to go to their other branches for placements?
What subjects are included in the merit for science and math stream students?
What is Gordon Miller's educational qualification?
Should I do extra work on projects for a better grade?
Is plus 1 and plus 2 maths taught as a bridge course in CSE spec. in bioinformatics at VIT? Or is it just plus 2 maths?
Should I read more books as a teenager to get smarter and have better grades in school?
How can I grasp concepts fast and get good grades in high school?
What was score of het Shah in AIIMS 2016?
What are the physical and email addresses of the director of Amity University in Noida?
Should I submit fees first and then get an educational loan?
Can I study architecture courses if I haven't passed my 12 exam?
How do I get admission into the Navy after 10th?
How much does American education cost per person?
Do you feel that this high school year has been going by quickly or slowly?
What are some tips you would like to give while attempting AIIMS paper?
Can one do maths in 3 months in class 12 if one hasn’t touched the maths book yet?
What are the best engineering course to do in Canada after 12th?
What is the psychology behind someone who can't participate in a conversation without 'schooling' everyone on the subject?
What subject should I choose after 10th for banking?
How do I prepare for NEET in class 12th?
Why is it elitist in Singapore for those with a higher (or more prestigious) educational attainment to disparage those without?
What is the procedure for teaching physics in foreign countries?
Is it good or bad to marry your female teacher? And why?
Will the TN syllabus change affect the NEET in 2018?
Which are the best CBSE colleges for PCM in Bangalore?
How can I study a B.Sc in agriculture?
Can a person with no maths in +2 apply for Dujat?
How was your high school experience? Can you tell me your high school experience?
What is the best advice to give a future kindergarten teacher after graduating with a bachelors?
How should I study to get better grades in high school and become a straight A student?
How do I manage my time for 12th board CBSE as well as for SAT and IELTS?
Do any college of AIIMS provide BHMS?
What is the minimum percentage in the Maharastra board in 2018 to be in the top 20th percentile?
How is IIEST Shibpur as an institute of engineering?
What do I need to do for architecture after 10?
Which is the best online resource for class 10th students who are weak in languages?
Which is the best job immediately after 12th commerce in India?
What makes education without philosophy?
Less than a month is left for the CPT exam. How should I study to score above 160?
If a marksheet is wrongly printed at Madras University, how does one rectify it and get a new marksheet?
Is 3.3 a good GPA for the first semester of the first year with 10 credits, and do schools like Harvard, Princeton, etc., consider the grades of the first year?
What were Vaibhav Tulsyan’s first year marks? We have the SGPA system now, so is 8.84 good?
Checking of 12 CBSE copies 2017, will it be tough
How can I do my History project for class 12 on Mahabharata?
When is the 12 STD 2017?
How is the Trichy School’s CONCEPTREE program? What are the fee levels?
How do I prepare for CAT after taking 11th Commerce?
Which institute in India is best for mass communications after 12th?
What were your biggest learning while learning from and exploring the concept of spirituality with your teachers?
Can one repeat class 11 and 12 while simultaneously doing BA with it?
Which university is best in the Philippines for medical education?
What if school was a reality competition show?
How do I become a CBI officer after 12?
How many subjects are in a BCA course?
How can I get a 10 CGPA in 10 class?
Will CBSE moderation grant equal grace marks in subjects like chem, bio as it does in maths? (Like in maths people getting 77 can be spiked to 93)
How are teachers failing to give proper education to students? What’s the main reason?
How can I prepare to succeed in 9th grade?
Where should I study from for the CIMA professional gateway exam? Is the institute's study material sufficient?
Are grades more important than knowledge?
What are the possible branches I can get at Manipal Institute of Technology, Jaipur with a rank 30,744?
What is AP intermediate?
When applying for colleges, what are the other options to show leadership besides becoming an officer at school clubs?
What should one do a day before of 10 class result?
Is the Caribbean Advanced Proficiency Examinations eligible for direct entry into an undergraduate degree course in Germany?
How many students pass out in SRM Business School?
Are bikes allowed at Manipal Institute of Technology?
Where can I get best tuitions for arts subjects in Kolkata?
Can I join event management after 12 science? If yes, then how?
What will be the effect of the CBSE’s new policy on strict checking of average students who were earlier expecting between 55-75 percentages?
How do I ask for a better grade?
What do people think about the Vietnamese education system?
How can I score the max grades in exams on lessons that are hard to study?
How can I cope with leaving teachers?
What classes and extracurriculars will help me be prepared for engineering?
Do you think a CFA will provide better investment advice, or is their advice no better than that provided with no education?
How do I get interested in studying and get better grades in high school?
Is there any free hacking courses available (standard courses)?
As a high school student who's passionate about AI, how can I start learning it?
Who can earn more as an RBI grade B?
How can I stick to a study plan during the summer holidays for the last 10 days during the grade 9 SSC board exams?
What are the flaws of the current education system?
What Physics classes should I take?
What are the prerequisites to start a primary school and how does one get CBSE affiliation?
What should be the study plan for the RBI Grade B officer exam in 2018?
When will the ISC board results come out for 2017?
When will the Maharashtra HSC 2017 results be declared?
How can I stop thinking about my grades in high school and about school and just improve my grades?
Why are NCERT books preferred for higher classes?
What study method should I use to be efficient, not spend as much time studying and get better grades in high school?
What apps are helpful for students?
When are the 2017 Maharashtra state Board 12th results going to be released?
Can you tell how to prepare for the NTSE Examination (Stage 1)?
What will happen to the CBSE board result now that the high court has rejected its appeal for moderation?
What is being a student at Dreyfoos School of the Arts like?
Should I take language classes until full literacy or professional reading/writing?
How can I get better grades and straight A's in high school and how should I study for that?
What is the effect of the high court’s decision on the CBSE class 12 results?
Who will conduct the NEET 2018, the CBSE or any other committee?
Can you make a Udemy course using an iPhone?
Which marks will be added in class 12th if we can take improvement exams in class 12th?
What is the worst phone experience you've had in Amity University, Noida?
What is the meaning of sequence number and class in flight boarding pass?
Is there really any point of going to college, when there's so much more easily accessible information on the internet?
How could you describe the level and quality of education and educational resource availability in the Philippines?
Are there any people on Quora who are pro school choice and well versed in the topic?
Does Amity University provide 50% scholarships on the basis of 12th results?
How can I score a 98% in commerce on the CBSE Class 12 exam with math?
Are many students going to fail in CBSE this year?
What is the areas in the study of law that requires a lot of thinking, analysis and conclusion?
What careers are best for me If I want to end the whole world?
Why do many American children throw away the vegetables and fruits from their school lunches?
In 12th class if I fail in 2 subjects then what should I do?
What should I do to study smarter not harder in high school?
I completed my 12th class in 2012, what is the best course and programme for me to pursue?
Do 10th grade marks really matter in life?
Which country is the most expensive for studying?
What sort of education do most Google employees get?
Is there any change in the marking scheme in cCBSE2017?
What was your first thought when you finished writing your HSC (Grade 12 Board Exams)?
Which course should I choose after 12 non-medical to get a job in America?
What are the benefits of attending fitness classes?
Which college is best for the 11th?
How does one become an ethical hacker after class 12?
What is the difference between private SCHOOL and regular SCHOOL?
Should I take IT or CCE at Manipal if I have a problem with rote learning?
What is a revised mark sheet in CBSE?
Which type of internship is good for a maths hons student?
What are the differences between a fitness trainer certificate and diploma? Would I be able to get hired if I enroll in a recognized school/class?
What does "Study the historian before you begin to study the facts" mean?
How is teaching a Mumbai University music course?
What are the pros and cons of opting for home-schooling for our children?
This year, the BHU BSc Biology paper was tougher than the previous year as many students said. Is this true?
Is there any science behind students just not understanding certain subjects, no matter how hard they try?
Can I be a good student in maths in 3 months?
Which is better for studying: Siddha or Ayurvedha?
How important was painting to you when you were at primary school? Why?
Which one will be a better option, SICSR, Pune BBA (IT), UPES, Dehradun BBA (digital marketing), SRM, and Kattankulathur BBA?
Can one get 100 marks in social studies, in Haryana secondary examination?
Are PUC/12th grade marks included in calculating PESSAT 2017 ranks?
Once the CBSE results are out, how do you apply for the college online?
What are the best individual online courses for high school students?
Is reading my textbook and trying to recite the information I just read an effective way to get better grades in high school?
How would teachers catch cheaters if smart contact lens were invented?
Is the CBSE board a bit different from the CBSE foreign board?
In MBBS study, we have to revise many times but I don't like to revise. How do I make it a daily habit?
Do American children still learn cursive these days?
How will I get to know my Class X CBSE result without the roll number or any other details, I only have the CBSE Affiliation number?
How was ICSE 2017 papers?
Should I answer practice questions while checking my book to study and get better grades in high school?
Which are the best places to do my undergraduate?
One of my teachers purposely said and taught the entire class something wrong. What should I do?
What happens to education without philosophy?
Which subject should I read to make the Air Force?
Does 0.9¯0.9¯0.\bar9 equal 111?
How's the situation of employment for students who graduated from Sheridan College? My subject is computer animation.
Is it okay have a break for preparation for the NEET and AIIMS?
How do I prepare for 9th grade? I want to be the top of my class and to know a lot.
What do you think about the school system where you live?
When will the ISC declare it's 12th results?
What is the easy way to get good marks in 11 CBSE?
If you could only pick 7 school subjects from elementary to senior high, what are they?
What can be done to improve the healthcare system in a developing country where the majority of the population is not well off and educated?
How does it feel knowing that you won't be graduating with your class?
Do you have to create a study timetable to study effectively? What are good alternatives?
What are the homeschooling prices?
Can CBSE release class 12 results 2017 when the case on moderation policy is still in the court?
What should I choose after 10 to become an actuary?
What are the best sites to learn something new?
Is there an exam to get a seat in the IIA, after 12?
What is the best education after 2nd PUC in commerce?
Can I give bank exams after passing 12th std.?
Should I take MGM Indore or drop a year to try for AIIMS Delhi?
What is CBSE moderation policy?
Is India's bilingual education system halting some brilliant students' progress in research and other wings of education?
Will colleges care if I don't take honors English or AP English lang/lit?
How should I study to get better grades in high school and become a valedictorian?
What states take track and field seriously for high school?
Is it possible to get 100 percent marks in music in 10+2 after opting it just from 10+1?
How should I use the method of "teaching others" to get better grades in high school?
I​ got 50% in the class 12 (commerce) examination. Can I take the CA-CPT exam?
Can I homeschool my children in Morocco?
What kind of educational methodology is followed on English Ninjas?
Will the ISC marking scheme be affected by the moderation policy?
I have graduated from school with PCMB (ISC Board). What should I pursue for MBA, BSc, BBA or BBM? What will be more beneficial?
What are the best books for JEE aspirants in class 11?
Where can I take online ECE classes in San Mateo?
What is a good approach to study economics for UPSC?
Is studying for 3 hours a day except coaching enough for the JEE (and 6 hrs when there is no school)?
Are there only 350 general seats in AIIMS UG?
What is Lycos computer education?
Why should I opt for BBA?
In which subject will CBSE provide grace marks now after the high court orders?
What subjects are you currently studying just for fun?
How can I crack the NDA, as I am currently studying in class 12 and this is my first attempt? I don't have any idea about class 12 maths?
What is best after 10th, engineering or medical?
What are some of the best undergraduate schools for chemistry?
Will government colleges consider improvement mark sheets?
How do you put down an annoying/mischievous student in class?
What is effect of the marks moderation policy on individually-scored marks in the CBSE board exams?
How do I get a failing grade up to a passing grade in less than a week?
What will the CBSE do now as Delhi’s High Court has directed the CBSE to continue with its grace marks policy?
How is the ACPC rank calculated for CBSE Board students?
Is maintaining the same GPA throughout high school difficult?
What was your strategy for history optional, and how did you score good marks in it?
What career options do I get in science stream if I go ahead with it and from which subjects?
Which is the best job oriented course to study after class 12 which does not include maths?
Before jumping into HC Verma, should I use another book for class 11?
What is the most frustrating thing about going to high school to you?
How can I study for the NEET entrance exam? I'm in class 12 now.
How should I prepare for ICSE class 10th?
Where can I find the 2016 AIIMS question papers if they’re available in any book (offline)?
What is the evaluation system in Japan?
What is the meaning of the Marks Moderation Policy?
How can I become good in math?
What would be the strategy for AIIMS before the exam?
Will ISC also continue with the moderation policy for year 2017?
How can I pass my GCSE Biology exam tomorrow?
What are requirements to be a teacher for class 12?
What is the best way to study NCERT Biology to have all the information available in it at my fingertips?
Why do people love to show off their degree on Quora?
What happens at a high school senior brunch?
What are some important chapters for the JIPMER exam?
What is it like to be a student of Vidhyaa Vikas for 10th or 12th Standard?
How is the art stream for future career?
What is the downside of regularising private schools in India?
Is Kalyani Central Model School a dummy school?
Which subjects should one choose in standard 11 commerce?
Should I take long term coaching for AIIMS Delhi 2018?
What is the schedule for students of different semesters in IISERK throughout the week? Are there classes on Saturday too?
Is it okay to avoid the ranking system in the public examinations?
What does moderating marks mean in ISC and CBSE?
Can I qualify for Vocational rehabilitation, if I already have a college degree? If so, which benefits can I qualify for?
If 4n+2n=24n+2n=24^n+2^n=2, what’s nnn?
How can you break math?
I have an irregular IB diploma without any sciences and I want to major in business. Does this affect my admissions anywhere?
Should I draw mind maps and do exercises instead of just reading and doing exercises to get better grades in high school?
What documents am I supposed to carry to the examination centre for AIIMS entrance exam?
What would school-age children do on a typical day/night if they didn't have so much homework?
What should I prefer to choose after completing my 12th bio-maths group?
Is an MBA good for BIPC students?
The Delhi HC directed the CBSE to continue with the moderation policy this year. The ISC hasn't announced anything. Will the ISC keep moderation this year, too?
What could the top percentile be of the Maharashtra state board 12th results?
Is there any reason to be for Betsy DeVos and her education plan? It's hard to find unbiased facts.
What is the minimum percentage that I need to score in 12th board to become a petroleum engineer?
Since I got very low marks in the 12 exam, what should I do?
How can I make my timetable in 11th STD for 10 days?
What happens if you leave a child at school?
What are career option in mathematics after class 12?
Should I commit to Architecture (UG) at Newcastle University or Financial Economics (UG) at the University of Kent?
What education is needed to become an embyrologist?
What are the chances for ISC students in Tamilnadu?
Why do teachers that classes you failed, hate you? My math teacher despises me and I do not even have her as a teacher anymore.
Are you interested in STEM activities for your preschool and/or elementary school child and how would you like to provide him that knowledge?
Are there any tips for new high school students?
How do I prepare for RMO in class 10?
Are vegans in the USA more likely to be educated?
What is the alternative to "The Tempest" drama for ISC 2019?
How can I score the max grades on exams on lessons that are hard do study?
How can I pass my California C-10 exam?
Are there any correlations between the NEET and AIIMS marks?
What's the best study method for high school that is effective and that doesn’t involve lots of reading?
Should I study in high school to get better grades by trying to lecture the material to someone else or should I create questions and answer them?
If the teacher chooses 3 students, what is the probability that none of the three of them play soccer?
Is science a popular subject?
Why did you take a gap before college?
What is the last mark of an SC candidate who got into AIIMS for an MBBS in 2016?
Can I write GATE after completing 12th?
So when is the final date for CBSE 12th board results?
What is the confirmed date of the result of Maharashtra HSC Board 2017?
How can I analyze info, and understand it and get better grades in high school instead of memorizing the theory?
What are the perks of an outcome-based education?
What study method should I use in high school to study to get better grades and understand the material?
Which is the best maths book of class 8?
Should you teach methods/techniques/facts to people that you don't apply?
How should I use the studying method of teaching others to get better grades?
What subjects can we take in B.S.C to become an IFS officer?
Is Vanasthali good for my daughter in class six?
Is there any famous university from the UK or the US that provides online leadership classes and certificates?
Does Global Shiksha, Edurite, etc., really help children in education?
Will only students of Delhi benefit from the moderation policy?
What is the criteria to get an admission to the UG medical college after 12th CBSE?
What is the most practical line of work with a 4-year degree in Translation and a TESOL Certification? Should I go back to school and practice?
Is the checking of the ISC Board exam going to be strict this year?
Is Sophia College for Women good for my daughter for class 11th if she wants to take arts or humanities?
Why is there discrimination in education/academics in the US?
I have a terrible math teacher, what resources can I use to help my grade?
What do teachers think about average students?
What happens to my friends' grades if I kill myself during an exam (GCSE)?
If the Indian education system is better than the American education system, why are all the best companies in tech from the USA (and the West) and not India?
How can I focus in class and stop making stupid jokes during class?
Can I take any B.Com course in DU if I am from a commerce without maths stream?
In importance sampling, what is the difference between p(x)p(x) p(x)  and q(x)q(x) q(x) ?
Which exam is required to become an education visa agent?
How can I study hard and smart to get better grades in high school?
How are German school children taught about WWII?
Is it really tough for a second year dropper to crack AIIMS?
Would it be hard for a student from Kerala to make friends at Amity University, Noida?
How important, would you say, going to college is?
Can I take the courses of foreign language in college just with my IELTS score? I don't want to study abroad for 3 or 4 years.
How I should manage time in my ICSE board examination?
What should I know about being a freshman in high school? (I will be in 2 years, but still.) Is it initially rewarding, or always terrible?
When will the 12 CBSE results come out?
Which is the best university for persuing BBA in Jaipur?
Can a person who is doing 12th from the NIOS board be eligible for doing a music production course?
What is a valid excuse for wanting to switch out a swimming semester in HS with another activity for physical education?
Which is the best college for post graduation?
Should I study while watching TV as a teenager looking to get better grades?
Can a 12th class student do an unpaid internship under a CA after boards?
How do I become great at sports and become athletic as a teenager in high school?
Are there any tools to prepare for the Educational Record Bureau’s CTP-4 standardized test?
Do quarter grades matter?
Which books should I follow for CBSE class 11 in chemistry and physics if my concepts are weak?
How hard is it to teach coding?
Which is the best career option after class 10? Which stream will provide me with more job opportunities?
Are questions that are answered and marked for review evaluated in AIIMS exam?
How can I fill Olympiads like IMO which require a school whereas I have taken dummy admission as I am studying in a coaching institute?
Can I crack the RBI Grade B exam in my 1st attempt?
When did you realize you had made the right career choice?
Why can't American colleges allow direct entry to medical school at age 18 like the rest of the world? Wouldn't this be more cost-effective?
How can children in school support technology growth?
Which subject should I choose after the 10th to study law?
When will the CBSE class 12 results be published?
Where is the best education in the US or in Russia?
What's life like after high school?
Why aren't many young educated people in India leaning towards bettering their political scenario or not participating in it to bring out a change?
Will the ISC board give grace marks now, after the HC order?
Will CISCE also declare results after moderation of marks like CBSE this year?
What are your views on the recent CBSE board results, in which Delhi's government schools have performed better than private ones?
How many students appear for the IPU CET BbA exam?
How many marks will be deducted for a wrong answer in the NEST exam?
What should I do to stop talking in class, stop making friends, and just focus on learning in high school?
How will the Delhi high courts order for the moderation policy to be implemented now, when all class 12 CBSE papers have already been checked?
How should I study and what study method should I use to become like Einstein as a teenager?
What are the global trends in education today?
How do I suggest a course for a weak student after intermediate?
What are the best and worst things in an American high school (in terms of people and experience as opposed to work)?
Why is it considered disrespectful to not attend classes you do not want to go to?
What things are taught in ECE and what practical things will I be able to make after the course?
Can I retake the VTU exams to increase my marks?
Should I take computer science or biology in 11 for science?
Do other ethnic minority groups get jealous over Jewish and East Asian immigrants because of their wealth and education status?
Which is best, between an RBI Grade B officer and a state PSC?
What should I do? I am a 12th class student and I have got an opportunity to work in TV serials?
How do I become curious, learn everything in high school, and get better grades?
How can one get a 90+ score in the CBSE board exams of 2017-2018?
Is a bachelor's degree enough these days?
What marks does one have to score in each subject to get 90% in 12th board?
As a regular student, can I complete the second and third years of a degree in one year by giving those exams in the same year, in Hyderabad, Telangana colleges?
Is it compulsory to study maths in plus 2 for a BCA?
What we can do after learning accounts commerce in 12th?
Can CBSE go against the order of Delhi HC?
How do I stop being a failure in high school and get better grades, improve them and become a great student?
Which 5 subjects are selected in class 11 and 12 in the arts department?
What is the process for admission to AIIMS colleges?
Do you know anyone who wasted class 11th but studied a lot in class 12th and got selected in IIT?
What are railway convent schools?
How do I download solutions of class 12 KC mathematics?
What can I do after class 12 in commerce (CEBA)?
Is studying especially important in high school?
Are there any options to pursue higher education in data science while working in TCS?
Why should I get a liberal arts education coupled with a maths major?
Which agricultural college or university would be best for masters in entomology studies?
How relevant is the 2017 syllabus of ISC with that of CBSE?
Should I study by takin notes and lecturing, making questions out of subheadings or by using flashcards to get better grades in high school?
Is it possible to know how much grace marks you've got in class 12 CBSE board?
What are the best universities for a B.Tech quality education irrespective of placement records?
How do I hide my CBSE class 12 boards results from others?
Is there any book or online course available to understand economics?
Which is the best book of Accountancy and Commerce for ISC board class 11?
Can you study architecture and art at the same time?
Do high marks scorers also get grace marks in the CBSE moderation policy?
Did anyone got into MBBS after scoring 40% or 50% in 12th?
Can we change our stream in 12?
Why my English teacher told not to study from English trainers in ACL?
Is the GOAL Institute in Patna better than the Aakash Institute?
What is the best guide book for CBSE for science?
Is there any good looking girl in Amity Noida?
How does a failed candidate check their marks on the CDSE exam?
I have scored 110 marks by solving AIIMS 2014 paper what are the chances that I can perform well in AIIMS 2017?
What does your school's uniform look like?
Which is the best MBA college in Lucknow within 2 lacs of fees and good placements?
Is it advisable to take ECE if I am not good at physics?
I study German in one group with Arabs and Syrians. The teacher is a Jew. She is often rude. I am not allowed to change the group. Is there a way out?
After graduating high school in Canada, I have to go back to Singapore for 2 years. What will my university entry/application process look like then?
How is the EPIM course of the BSE Institute? Is it worth it for a salaried professional?
How was the ICSE board exam?
Do kindergarten and 6th grade teachers earn differently in salary?
When will CBSE class 12 result come after the order from HC regarding the moderation policy?
What do you plan on doing after high school?
What are the best books for science students in class 11?
What should you do when you don't recieve an award that you are supposed to get?
In the ICSE 2017 in mathematics, I drew the wrong number line. How many marks will be deducted?
How do I select a good colllege after 12?
How do I devote equal time to each subject while preparing for JEE?
What happened to the top-scoring kid in your class?
What's the best course in polytechnics in Singapore for a person not interested in engineering or science? Which polytechnic has that course?
Would anyone take an online course about all the tools needed to create online courses?
How can I manage my PCM subjects perfectly?
Is there any thing like an MBA in nanotechnology?
Most of the toppers of AIIMS recommend NCERT. Is that really enough for 2017?
Which is better after 12th class, a diploma or a B.Tech?
In Mumbai University’s engineering program, if I take a golden subject and the passing marks are 24, will I get some grace marks? How many?
I am going to fail in my 12 board exams. How do I deal wIth it?
What are some ethical challenges that a teachers face?
How should I study and what study technique should I use to improve all of my grades in high school?
What are the competitive exams that I can give in class 11th?
Can you gain a well rounded education surfing and reading the web?
What is CBSE correspondence?
What are the best reference books in class 11 science stream?
How can I absorb knowledge, understand, learn and get better grades?
When will the IP BBA results be announced?
Being under 18, how can I get my GED as soon as possible?
How should I study in the 7th class in order to clear the JEE?
What is the meaning of undergraduate courses?
How can I prepare for the resonance CTs so I can score good marks and get into the A1 batch?
What big advancements in maths have happened since 2000?
What are the books recommended to crack AIIMS other than NCERT and Allen modules?
What are the differences between Army Public Schools and Sainik Schools in terms of discipline, army culture and general timetable?
Can we start college before completing the 2nd PUC supplementary exam?
Will your grade be higher if it's under a point or percentage system?
How do I become great at maths and physics in high school?
Where can I download RD Sharma for class 12 as a PDF for free?
What is the education qualification needed to apply for the Dell Company?
How useful is a Udemy online business course in the UK?
What is the best way to finish high school as a freshmen?
What is more important: knowledge or effort?
What is the difference between people teaching "how to make money" and me teaching "how not to lose money"?
How do I free download Simplified Physics 9th Class by Dinesh & co.?
Why is the bodybuilder or the fittest guy of a class normally poor in studies? Do extra physical exercises decrease your grades in academics?
How many marks are required for CPT?
What is the best stream in WBUT?
What is the group​ code for CBSE 12th?
Which is the best book for the learning basics of programming? I have just completed C++ up to the class 12 level for the CBSE boards?
Why should one study banking?
Is CBSE improvement exam for 12th worth taking? What is the level of checking there? Is there any scope for success?
How do I prepare in the last minute for exams?
Are there any competitive math exams that a first year engineering student can take?
Why do teachers teach 25% and ask students to look up for 75% and still ask less than 25% in exams?
Is the ICSE 2019 syllabus changing?
What would happen if every kid in the USA, K-12, stopped showing up at school during the school year in protest?
What is the relationship between philosophy of life and education?
Has the CBSE ever declared their results twice, once before there was less inflation of the marks and once after there was more inflation of the marks?
What is the question pattern for 11th CBSE science?
Is history a tough subject after 10th?
What is the difference between a BBA and a BBA (IB)?
What are the actual rights guaranteed to a US high school student?
Do FIITJEE teach JEE syllabus to class 9 student?
Why is school mandatory in the U.S.?
How do I decline a call on WhatsApp?
Do you guys think that education can abolish terrorism?
In which subject can we get moderation in CBSE class 12 2017 examination?
Does academia claim to be the only means through which someone can prove himself/herself an expert in a field?
How many students passes IMUCET every year?
Why do schools need music programs?
How should one regularly review the syllabus for class 11 in class 12 to prepare for the NEET and the AIIMS in 2018?
As a teacher, in what way does media psychology help you to understand your students better?
What is the education quality in AD the Design College in New Delhi?
Who is a school teacher?
How do I become a great student again, get good grades in high school and stop being a procrastinator?
Where can I find free online courses in quantum physics and Italian language with (free or not) certificate?
Should we teach everything early?
When will the 12th CBSE results be announced?
What are your thoughts about moderation on class 12 marks?
If a person gets 70% marks, up to what extent can his marks be increased by moderation? Is it possible that he can get an 80 plus?
What percentage of the time do you actually pay attention in a class?
Do middle school teachers have a right to give the student a hard time in a classroom if they struggle to learn?
How should the education system work?
What happens if you fail in the 10th class takeover exam?
How does school work in Uganda?
Do I need permission from my parents to drop out of high school?
What is the best course to take when you have get 60% in 12th (science)?
Do you think more needs to be done in your country to make sure that school kids and working people are able to enjoy their weekend?
Can someone get into a good college affiliated with Delhi University with a 90% in board exams?
Why isn't European history a part of Indian education system?
As of yesterday, Delhi HC asked CBSE not to scrap the moderation policy. To what extent can marks be given for PCM subjects?
Can I get admission in any college for a BSc with 12% in 12th class?
What is the difference between education and academic?
Which is the best distant education university for an M.Com in India?
How do I study in 1st year engineering?
Moderation is stopped for this year for CBSE class 12. How hard is it now to score 90+ or 80+?
What habits or strategies can a BME student develop to help with getting good grades?
What is the impact of CBSE delaying exam results on students getting admission in TN colleges via counselling?
Are you interested in AP ideas?
Which board do I opt for the 11th and 12th grade if I want to choose a career in the medical field?
What should a 12th pass candidate know before starting his undergrad in CSE?
Which group should I take after 10th?
Does geography need to be taught more in America?
How can I become a workaholic and studyaholic and get better grades in high school?
A teacher in my school referred to pupils as d*ckh**ds and scum. Is there anything I can do?
Will a person get grace marks of 4–5 marks in two subjects in 2017 if his marks in math are 70?
Can I get my mark sheet number when the CBSE results are released?
How much scholarship does an ST student get in AIIMS?
Why is it required for a student to learn stuff in school for long years which has no application in reality?
Do you think that going to college to be a doctor is really worth all the training and years that it actually takes to become one?
Can someone share class 11th commerce notes?
Is biology essentially needed for doing higher studies with chemistry?
How can technology enhance learning?
What type of education system, curriculum, pedagogy, and possibilities would you like to have?
Will I pass the 12th class if I have written all nonsense?
What do you do when you get bad grade in school?
Is French literature a good course to study?
Is USC a good school for chemistry?
How difficult is getting good marks in GATE exam?
Would anyone be willing to do my online chemistry class for money?
Is a 5 year integrated engineering course a better one?
What is the difference between junior college and higher secondary school?
Why don’t exam invigilators wear uniforms during the GCSEs?
What is the importance of a student council at a school?
How will CBSE implement moderation policy again if paper has been already checked?
What is the process of changing your name in India after 12th standard?
Who is the best teacher?
In what college would I get direct admission into a B.Tech with 61.5% in 12th class?
What will happen to class 12 students after the Delhi HC decision, and how will the CBSE moderate by delaying results?
What is more important when it comes to university admission, good grades in an AP class or a good score on the AP test?
Did you study the multiplication table in primary school?
What is the best, schooling with coaching or only schooling?
Can I get exemption on a law paper if I get marks above 60 in law and zero marks in the rest of my three papers, i.e. accounts, SFM and audit?
Is it the school's fault that students cheat?
When are the 10th class standard results expected?
What is cram school?
How do you know when you study hard?
What is the best useful guide for class 10 CBSE mathematics?
What are the pros and cons of taking a year off of work to go back to school for a Masters program?
Which maths concepts book is best for IIT levels?
What is the feedback on Antwerp Management School in Belgium?
How does a teacher handle an intimate relationship with his student to maintain a good reputation?
I am working in Service Desk. I like to complete a course in Citrix. What is the best course that I can opt for?
How much should I pay someone while I'm teaching them a skilled trade?
Is management easy for those who have studied 11-12 std. in science?
Who are the Maharashtra Board HSC Toppers?
Is Loyola College coed for the BBA?
How do I prepare for AIIMS 2018 so that I can have a secure seat in AIIMS New Delhi (my dream college)?
Which is the best creative writing course for distance education?
If I finish all certificates on freeCodeCamp, how long will I have to wait to start working on a nonprofit project?
Which is toughest, AIIMS or IIT?
Is the education system in Tamil Nadu good enough for a school student, as well as a college student, to shine outside the state?
How do I place in a diploma college and what is the procedure to get into that?
What are the best university to study biotechnology in the world?
What are the best educational activities for toddlers?
Is sex between teachers and students in high school or middle school more common than most people realize?
How can I understand the material in high school and get better grades instead of just memorising and failing?
Does education make you a better person?
Are Muslim students treated well in public Catholic high schools in Ontario, Canada?
Is it true that the Gujrat board are going to adopt the CBSE board?
What is the present status of those schools in Delhi which interview the child's parents to award admission to nursery or primary education to the child?
What's that one advice you'll give to a person who has just finished his graduation?
What study method should I use to get better grades in high school and become a great student?
Why do people against school choice argue that public schools will lose funds when that is exactly the point?
How do you like school absence penalty notice?
Does year 11 count towards your ATAR score?
How do I get urgent duplicate 10th passing certificate in Rajasthan board?
What are some tips for making a resume in high school?
Does the language or writing system that people in your country use online differ from the one taught in schools? If so, why?
Have you ever had teachers who call their students "Mr." and "Miss"? And if you're a teacher, do you do so yourself?
What surprised you most about American high school culture?
In a BBA course, do I need to conduct sales of any product? Is that compulsory?
How many of you are in support of or in against of CBSE's moderation policy?
How can I become my own professor and learn high school material alone? What study method should I use?
Can I get admission in Amity university mechanical engineering on the basis of class 12th result rather than on the score of Amity-JEE?
Is having a good education system good for the economy?
Do employers find MOOCs certificates from Coursera or edX valuable?
Can a Nepali student compute for JEE after class 10?
Does an expert PU college provide coaching for the AIEEE?
What are the assisting technology used in classroom today?
What is a good book to study string theory at a level higher than Zwiebach's that is appropriate for an advanced undergraduate physics student?
Why won't CBSE do light marking, as has been done in the past 25 years?
Which course would be worth doing after XIIth, BBA or BJMC?
Which education is best and why, mindfulness learning in the West vs rote learning and drilling in the Middle East and Asia?
What is the salary of a junior, non-academic in AIIMS, Delhi?
Which NCERT books are really important for CSE? 6 to 12th, or only 11th & 12th standard?
When will the KCET-2017 results will be declared?
What is the best way to study anatomy for a curriculum in medicine?
When reading to study for high school, should I read the entire chapter or only the summary at the end of it to improve my grades?
What is it like to attend a forest kindergarten?
How much did Anurag Kumar get in AIIMS?
On what basis of answering in paper in class 12 CBSE a student get passed?
When will the ISC results be out?
Can a supplementary student take the MBBS entrance exam?
How can I find interest in school again?
What are common essay topics for standard 7th of the ICSE board?
Isn't it unfair for a CBSE improvement exam student if he is allotted the same room at an exam centre where he sits together with a compartment exam student?
There are some questions outside NCERT asked in the XII board. Will CBSE give marks for such questions after removal of the moderation policy?
Should I go for BMS or baf after 12?
What sectors should I choose after doing biology in class 12?
Is tommorow CBSE 12th results? What is the timing and website to check result?
What is an easy subject for graduation?
Should I take biology or biotechnology as an elective in the CBSE in grade 11 as I want to do biomedical engineering in the USA as an undergraduate?
Can I go for an MBE after getting a BBA?
What is calculus in maths?
What are the accurate answers of Math ICSE 2017?
Will my 10th CBSE marks help my 12th CBSE marks?
What should I study to become an ambassador?
What do you think will CBSE revaluate papers after court order?
How good is Cork Institute of Technology?
It is 2 weeks until baccalaureate (finals) as the worst student. What should I do?
What language do you take at school?
When will the online admissions start for a 12th science student in suburban Mumbai?
What are teaching methods or methodologies of teaching?
Is the 11th State Board bio-maths group hard enough?
Shouldn't economics be taught in high school as a required course?
What are the good ways to get an experienced developer to teach you some skills?
How can I make studying in high school fun and get straight A's?
Is the university life really more fun than high school?
What are the benefits of the NIOS over CBSE/state for JEE/NEET preparation?
When will the result of 10th CBSE declared?
What is the latest NAAC ranking of humanities colleges? What are all the A grade colleges in India?
I want to become an IFS officer, which stream is the best after 10th?
What are the courses available at DU for a commerce student?
Will high school AP Prob/Stats and Calculus be too confusing to take a test the same time?
What is the best degree course?
Which subjects are most needed for a future pilot who is in 12 standard?
What is the best advice that you can give to anyone in high school?
Is it a good idea to move to the US with teenage kids (10th grade and 6th grade)?
Which book of economics should I prefer to solve previous years’ questions for CBSE?
Can we get an education loan in third year as well with 3 backs?
What are the advantages of technology in education?
How can I get good marks in 12th biology-maths group to get a medical seat in AIIMS or JIPMER?
How can I stop being bored at school, get interested and get better grades?
How is the education system in Finland?
How does education help people?
Is the high school diploma itself important?
What are the options available, other than MBBS, if I have taken pure science with computer in class 11 and 12 CBSE?
What are the greatest obstacles for diversity in higher education?
Are the B.Sc microbiology courses good in Amity University, Noida and Jaipur?
What is educational equality?
In which year should we write 10th Board for CBSE?
Good placement score? I am in 7th grade, and hoping to score above the 85th percentile in Math MAP/NWEA. What score should I aim for?
Are you out at school? If so, what is it like? If not, why, and would you like to be?
What is the difference between. Giving grace marks and not spiking marks in CBSE? I am really very confused.
Who serves his country more, a doctor or a teacher?
After completing class 12, what is the highest post in the police that I can get?
When will the ISC result 2017 be out?
Which physics book is the best for class 10th?
Should I pursue psychology from Amity University Gurgaon?
Is Tata McGraw Hills now McGraw Hills Education?
What should I do after my 10 ICSE apart from preparing for SAT?
Can a student study the 11th class science stream on his own, without going for any classes?
How can I know my AIIMS result if I do not belong to the ones in the merit list of top thousand students. (I had taken the exam in 2015)?
Will NEET 2017 be reconducted due to the difficulty level of the papers being different?
Which acting school in Mumbai do you suggest joining?
Where can I find an online copy of Ellie Tragakes' "IB economics in a Nutshell"?
I attend Aakash coaching classes and as a result I get only about 3 hours for studying. Is NCERT syllabus enough for securing a seat in SRM/NIT?
Why are bank or interest loans illegal?
How is the geospatial technology course at Manipal?
Which will be the best scope for an average student of +12 biology group in Nepal?
What are the math standards for a high school student who wants to go to MIT?
Who has taken the OSSU Computer Science curriculum? If so, what tips would be beneficial for approaching it?
What are the best AIIMS colleges in India?
Which topic is the best for demo class 11?
How can I get into climate change research after 12th class?
What is it like to study in MGIMO?
How can I become good at school and get better grades in high school? How should I study?
What's your take on experiential education? How do you think travel experiences can transform learning for kids?
Is it ok to study only the "Concepts of Physics" by HC Verma and not the NCERT book for class 12 board and AIPMT entrance?
What is a BSMS course in India?
Why did all of the faculty of Vibrant Academy leave?
If a person wants to become an astrophysicist, which field should he study after 12th standard in India?
Will CBSE won't scrap moderation policy this year?
Will mind maps help me get straight A's in high school?
How does the content in biology differ for a person who does a BSc in bio and physics from a person who does a BSc only in biology?
From where can I get +1 ISC paper?
How was CBSE's syllabus before 2008?
If a student scores less than 60% in class 12th then can they continue to study B.Tech at KIIT University?
Did you go to school late before?
Why such policy is needed to compensate our evaluation of education?
Which units should 8th semester ECE VTU students study?
Can I make it to a decent engineering college in India without any interest in maths and science?
What should I do to study smart and get good grades rather than hard and getting bad grades?
What are the top 5 math topics high schoolers are scared of?
How do I get an IGNOU BPP solved assignment without any charges?
How does IB physics HL compare to AP physics and High school physics (USA)?
How can I learn (understand better) high school biology, chemistry, and math in 2 weeks?
What is the net worth of Study IQ Education owner Dr. Gaurav Garg, in crores if rupees?
Is there any coaching after 10th for UPSC?
What do you think about the new CBSE pattern 2017-18?
Does Osmania University BE add grace marks if we have backlogs by end of the semester?
How do I get most out of online learning?
What scholarships are available for a student wanting to study for an UG qualification abroad?
What are the branches of engineering available after class 12 in India?
What can a physically challenged, university educated, computer literate, home bound person, do to earn a living?
What are some class 11 topics to study for NSEJS?
Generally, Which SET is the easiest in class 12th board?
Is Arihant good for the 11th CBSE exam?
Which book has easy methods for class 12?
What is the educational background of Tata Group’s new CFO, Sourabh Agarwal?
Is it good to take mechatronics at the bachelor’s level (for undergraduate study)? Or should we take it at the master’s level?
I am moving from Mumbai, India to Dallas and I am a US citizen. Since I have done grade 11 in India, what documents are required and what is the procedure for admission into high school in the US?
What course can be taken after finishing computer science group in 12th in CBSE?
What are some of the best universities in the US in which to pursue a Master’s in Computer Science through distance education?
What does a school/district director of technology do?
What is the procedure to get an admission at Kendriya Vidyalaya for 11th standard ?
Why didn’t the CBSE decide to scrap the moderation policy before commencement of the 12th board session?
Where I can find a STEM Education community?
Does the Gratuity Act include teachers of private schools in Hyderabad?
How can I absorb/learn the material while in class in high school?
Are there any courses after Grade 12 Commerce that focus on statistics?
How good are Mechanical Academy’s classes?
What is the best YouTube channel to prepare for CBSE class 12 (PCM)?
Are the MTG Foundation course class 10 books enough for a math and science Olympiad?
Which course should take after 10 std if I was intrested in drawing?
The NEET this year was easier than before. Can we expect AIIMS to be simple, too, so that we can be mentally prepared to score more than last year?
Can a student with an Open University degree study abroad?
What are the future options if I should opt for commerce in class 11?
Is formal education the safest path to financial security?
What are the courses I should pursue and are in demand in commerce after 12th?
What is the Dr. M.G.R. Educational and Research Institute placements record for CSE?
What are the best international schools in Shanghai?
Is it important to do maths in class 12 in order to do a BS in Statistics at DU?
Is choosing UCMS, Delhi over AIIMS (other than Delhi) a wise decision?
Can I get admission in any private college of greater Noida after passing out from NIOS?
Is the reason high schools are called that because everyone gets high during this period in school?
Which course is best to learn as a CASE student?
Can I get a scholarship even if I had failing grades?
What is the WWW in math?
Do I really need a teacher for learning math?
Is there a list of where I can get mock PRINCE2 Practitioner exam papers?
What are colleges for BA with just 50% in 12 class?
What will happen if CBSE moves to SC against moderation?
Is Amity University, Noida recognised by the Kerala bar council?
Do teachers teach Hindi and what is the medium of instructions in NLUs like NALSAR, NLUJ, NUJS, etc.? (I mean teaching, talking, speaking, etc.)
How should the NCERT of Biology (11th class and 12th class) be studied for the AIIMS and the NEET?
Why are there so much celebrations after every 10th and 12th result even though all our knowledge is checked by entrances and interviews?
For which rank of EMCET does a BIPC student get free seats in any course?
Is research possible after class 12?
What can schools do for student’s intellectual development?
Is it true that the only difference between an elite university and an average one is the quality of the professors, but the curriculum is the same?
How much percentage in SSLC (Matric) is considered to be in first class?
Are you an ex-student from SM BATHA High School in Panchgani?
Is there any website that provides the proof of various math and physics formulas? I am currently in class 10th.
How do I study for the CBSE business studies paper for class 12?
As an RBI Grade B officer, do you get a chance to do public service, like in civil services?
Which stream you chose in 11th and what was your percentage in 9th and 10th?
Can we get admission in architecture after 12th biology?
How is the BBA course at Bennet University?
Is there any need for a home/plot registry for taking an education loan for an MBBS? What is the procedure?
How will the modern no grace marks policy of the CBSE affect the students taking exams in 2018?
How do you cope with teachers insulting you?
Which one is better - BBA or 3 continent BBA from Amity Noida?
Is a BBA or the engineering stream better for girls with average IQ levels?
Where can I study renewable energy courses abroad? Are there any scholarships available for it?
As entreprenuership becomes more popular and education of entreprenuers becomes more widespread, do you think a well defined career path will emerge?
Can a person with average intelligence get good grades in school?
Which IB courses should I take if I want to major in engineering?
What is the "one year graduation" of IGNOU? I'm a bachelor in science college dropout. Can I opt for this one-year course?
When researching an elementary school for your children, what information do you look for?
Did Aman Goel join a tuition for 10th class boards?
How can I score 90 marks in MP board English class 12th?
Is a 276 score in NWEA Mathematics good for a 7th grader?
Will there be any effect on my marks in class 12 due to the moderation policy?
How many Udemy courses can I enrol to via coupon?
What's the date of the 12th commerce result for GSEB 2017?
Should I stop gaming to get better grades in school and study more or should I keep gaming as a teen?
What are the educational options after 10th for a brilliant student?
What is the best way to study effectively for excellent performance in high school?
Can I appear for NEET 2018 if I failed in one subject in the CBSE board in 2017 but passed it later in the compartment exam?
How many colleges, universities and institutions in India offer a degree in psychology? Which one is the best among them?
How does one get revenge on teachers after graduation?
Should college education be free?
What should one do in the time gap when school ends and college is yet to start?
Can we write JEE Mains in 11th grade?
Can anyone get admission to Bangalore University, after passing 12th from NIOS?
Why did you choose to enroll your child in private school?
What are some widely used learning management software in Saudi Arabian schools and universities?
What are the things to look out for before selecting a preschool for your children?
Wat could be a unique idea for my biology investigatory project in class 12?
How will the class 10, class 12, and graduation percentages affect my CAT and GRE percentile?
Do many American students go to Europe for higher education because it is cheaper? What is your experience?
Is distance mode education fruitful for gov. jobs?
How can I become a priest in future?
Can I do BCOM or BBM without doing commerce as a PU student?
Which top engineering colleges in India take admission on the basis of board marks?
How do I learn all of the high school chemistry, biology and math in 2 weeks?
How many modules do you need to develop educational institution management software?
What are some of the best online law school programs?
Where can I download RD Sharma’s book free for class 12?
Do we come to know AIIMS marks immediately after exams?
What is a good course in polytechnic?
Are MTG Foundation course class 10 books enough for the math and science portion of exams like the NTSE and other scholarship exams?
For which course can I apply to complete my post graduation? I did my under graduation in electronics honors.
How would your home life be different if your child didn't have so much homework?
Is CBSE playing with our future?
What are the major qualifications to work in a restaurant after class 12?
Which college is the better choice for a BBA: NDIM or JIMS Sector-3?
Which subjects are compulsory, and which are optional, for the CBSE class 11 commerce stream?
How do I start a play group school in India?
What is a certificate number in the 10th class mark sheet in HBSE?
How can I improve myself in math this year?
What are you grateful for at this moment?
Does ISC declare results on weekends?
My actual name is T. Sravan Kumar in my 10th and 12th it is T. Shravan Kumar, I have recorrected by the guzzete officer, will it be a prblm in PP?
How can I stop procrastinating and just study and get better grades?
Do teachers work during the summer?
Is it really tough for a second year dropper to crack AIIMS-Delhi 2017?
Should I do BITS previous years for AIIMS? Will that be helpful? Are questions repeated in AIIMS from BITS?
What is the best possible way to study for an exam in two weeks?
Which is more important in finding a job, education or experience?
What's the most important part of the application of universities?
What makes a school both fun and excellent? What steps or considerations should I have?
Which matters more, knowledge or experience?
When will the Karnataka CET results be announced?
Should I take AP Calc and Physics if I'm taking them as IB HL courses?
As a college professor, what is the major difference between 1997, 2007, and 2017 college freshmen?
How much easier is CBSE 12 than ICSE?
Don’t our politicians and administrators have that much guts to send their children to government schools?
Is history, politics and economics a good combination after the class 10 boards for the arts stream?
What's the difference between in CBSE and ICS in class 12 commerce?
How do I get admission in na engineering college after getting bad marks in class 12?
Is it true that Maharashtra HSC results are releasing tomorrow (25/05/2017)? And how are you feeling?
What whould you do if a student didn't want to go home?
How do I download simplified physics class 9th by Dinesh & Co. for free?
How can I motivate myself to study in university?
Why don't young people like watching the educational programs today?
Which is the better pilot school in Haryana, Uttar Pradesh or Delhi? What marks are required in 12 class to get admission in that school?
Is gender-segregated education better than coeducation?
Do you attend school in Manhasset, New York?
I am now in class 11. How should I prepare for the NDA exam?
What suggestions will you give to schools to develop their potentials?
Is it okay to not be in an elite school in Singapore?
When will the IIM IPMAT 2017 result be declared?
What's the American grading system like?
What are some valuable important points for solving case studies of business studies for class 12th CBSE?
What are the career options after 12th class PCMB in science?
Is the reservation policy in the education sector helpful for the development of the country?
Have you ever thought of a creative school?
Shall I go to an IIT if I have a bio-maths course in class 12th?
Would cut-offs be lowered because of no moderation policy in CBSE boards 2017?
Does NIFT centre really matter?
How do I score good marks in the Diploma CET exam? Which books should I read, and what tricks should be used in writing the exam?
Should I hand draw my mind maps or use a computer software to draw them and get a better grade?
Should I summarise the chapters from my book to study and get better grades in high school?
How do I ask my former teachers if they have any students I can tutor over the summer?
About education, what is the necessity of paying to study for Tertiary?
Are maths or CMS compulsory for the commerce stream?
Who's the worst/best teacher you had in high school?
Can I opt for B.Pharma by choosing math as a major subject in BITSAT?
What is   \text{ }555 times 1414\frac{1}{4}?
What is it like to go to school in New York?
Does Brilliant help people master undergrad maths?
Will the ICSE 2017 results be declared by May 31st?
Are the cutoffs of DU for the overall percentage of students or for a particular subject?
What are some abroad universities that accept NIOS?
How does the public school system work in Mozambique?
Why do we still make a big deal out of high school graduation?
How are grace marks given in CA exams?
What are the best ways to earn even before you finish your graduation?
Why does a teacher prefer to give reasoning type of tests?
How do I become a drawing teacher?
What is the state of language education like in Serbia?
What is the use of math in CSE?
Do you have any idea on product concepts for education?
What was the NTSE syllabus in Karnataka 2016?
What should I learn after passing high school to get admission into MIT?
What subject is best to take with commerce if I am interested in music and designing?
How much mark should I score to get selected in AIIMS?
How many days does the FIITJEE take to allot new batches to the students after the reshuffling test?
What is the cost of home schooling and how is it carried out?
What I can do after 12th for PCM and economics?
What will be the best university choice for me?
What are the minimum marks needed to get into AIIMS for general category?
What type of mental thinking must we do to get 90 percentage+ on class 9?
What are your recommendations for improving the Italian education?
Will the CBSE give grace marks in the exam for class 12 chem 2017?
Why do those educated with jobs have difficulty escaping homelessness?
In higher studies, do candidates of IPS get a chance to study overseas after getting selected for IT services, and what are the conditions?
If everyone with 10 CGPA is 95 % then how do you rank students in 10th CBSE exam?
Is moderation really done or I'd only for saying in CBSE class 12 the results?
How should NCERT of Biology (11th and 12th) be studied for AIIMS and NEET? Should every line in the book be read thoroughly?
How can we teach innovation?
What is an easy way of teaching maths to primary school kids?
What's the best way to balance 7 hours of school, 3 hours of homework, sports, and video games?
Which is the best dummy school based on CBSE in Jabalpur?
Should you change schools if you feel your school is not good enough for you?
What is the best way to study year-round for a junior taking multiple AP classes, and in a way that can spare time for excessive homework?
What do you think about teachers who validate students based on marks?
How do I calculate the aggregate percentage in a BSc for RBI Grade B examination?
Can you teach yourself to be more witty?
What do I do I have only few hours left for chemistry board exam 1st year?
If you could create a new school subject and teach it yourself, what would it be?
Can I study my undergraduate in the USA from India by taking commerce after 10th?
What would you do better to improve the high school experience?
What is the use of maths for a medical student in India?
What are the major subjects in a B.Arch.?
I have six subjects in CBSE class 12 so how should I determine the overall percentage?
Is 82% a bad score on the CBSE Class 12 if I plan on doing a CPL?
What best place for studying painting and cinema?
Is it important to have maths in 12th if I want to do BA honours (English)?
What is the last-moment strategy for AIIMS?
What do professors think of students who accept past quizzes/exams from upperclassmen who recently took their class? Is it good/bad learning approach?
What is a good idea for a school commercial project (grade 8)?
When should I take the SAT exam?
How do I to get my dual enrollment teachers to write me glowing letters of recommendations for Ivies and similar college applications?
What are the career options in mathematics after 12 science?
How much rank is needed to get a seat in any AIIMS?
Which course should I choose after 12th, BBA, BBM or BBS?
How many grace marks are in KCET 2017?
What is your opinion about school life?
What are the maximum marks that can be obtained in RRB NPTC?
Should Mathematics in secondary schools be compulsory?
Should 2017, 12th board students also enter their qualifying marks in Karnataka CET before the announcement of the results?
What are the tricks to get the highest marks in English subject in my approaching +2 class?
What are the benefits of an environmental education program?
Can I turn from science stream to commerce stream after passing 12th?
Is English a compulsory subject of ISC Inter?
What are the best exams after​ computer​ sci.?
Should I use mind maps to take notes in high school classes?
What is the difference between biotechnology and biomedical engineering? How do I opt these after class 12? I am a PCM student.
Who was your craziest / most interesting teacher?
What is the difference between grace marks and the spiking of marks? This is the decision taken by the HRD Minister for CBSE 2017.
What are the optional and compulsary subjects in 11th CBSE with PCB?
My score in Allen CBT for AIIMS 2017 is 100. Will I be able to score more in actual exams?
Can mind maps help me get straight A's in high school?
How are the aggregate marks for class 12 calculated for the RBI grade B exam? Is the best of 5 or total marks?
What are all the common government exams that a UG can attend?
Is anyone checking 2017 CBSE papers, please tell how's the marking scheme?
How do I get good marks in class 10 board examination 2018?
What are your views on Amity Gurgaon (Manesar) Campus?
As one who’s gone to virtual school and is going into a public high school next year, what are some of the things that I should expect?
How can I become a learning machine as a teenager in high school and what study method should I use to accomplish this?
What is the quickest procedure to get education loan for abroad in India without much formalities?
How do I identify academically weak students?
What topic should I choose for a class 12 chemistry project?
Is better to focus on HSC boards or its entrance exam?
What was the pattern of marks for class 10 students?
Can I go to the Madras Institute of Technology after a diploma?
Is the syllabus of class 11 changing next year?
How can I score in the FSC exams?
How is biotechnology at Amity Mumbai?
Which are the top 10 M.Tech colleges for distance education?
Is standardized testing good for children?
Can I get admission in MBBS after passing the NIOS?
What will be the likely verdict of HC Delhi on the PIL concerning the scrapping of moderation policy and grace marking on the CBSE?
Where can I do debate/public speaking outside of school in Singapore?
How much can I expect in 10th boards ICSE, if I scored 59%in pre boards?
What are the most effective ways to study (for class 11th and 12th)?
Is there any entrance exam for pilot after class 12?
How should I prepare for AIIMS from the very beginning? I am in class 11th. Which books should I study from?
What is taught in the Electronics and Electrical Communication branch at IIT KGP?
What are some good ways to use data analytics in education?
How can I appear for improvements of 12th PCM percentage?
Why are girls studying biotech at Amity Noida single?
What if I do not get a good college after 12th?
What is the marking scheme in IIM's?
Is there an agent who helps with school admissions in Chennai?
Can anyone provide me with a PDF file of O.P. Tandon Chemistry class 11?
Can I do CA coaching after 10 class?
What aspect of education is missing in people that lack critical analysis and have shallow reasoning?
Is it possible to be accepted by a public sports school in China when you're a foreigner?
How is the essentialism philosophy important to a teacher?
What is the procedure for changing the exam center of IGNOU?
What advantages do international students in USA have over American students?
What is the syllabus for the CLAT that I should study from 11th standard as I have chosen PCB with maths as an option?
Does IIM consider the best of four for ISC students or the average of all the subjects?
Which are some of the best computer classes in Borivali to learn a computer language?
What is the impact of the CBSE moderation marking policy on the results of 2017 CBSE students?
Can a top 50 rank in AIIMS be achieved in 1 year?
Students nowadays complain that teachers don't teach well. Is that so, or are these just some excuses by them? If it is so, then how can we improve this?
What is the difference between an elite university and an average one in terms of curriculum?
How often do high school students not get REM sleep?
Is it good to join an intermediate or polytechnic course after class ten?
How much should I score to get a seat in AIIMS?
Will CBSE only give grace marks this year?
If I am graduating from school in Bhopal, can I get into any good colleges abroad?
Can I get good marks for writing a 2 page answer for an 18 marks question at DU, if I am a student of humanities and political science?
How can I get ahead of studies using online methods as an international high school student?
Can a student transfer from a psychology degree in the first year to a Biology or similar degree in a Canadian Ontario college?
What do you think about online classes on Coursera, books and education in the overall finance area?
How much do IITians depend on their faculty for studying CSE courses? And how much do they study through online sources/self/friends?
What are some suggestions for ISC English in 2019?
What needs to be done to reduce the taboo towards contraceptives?
Has anyone from Army Public School Gurdaspur studied in their 4th class in the year 2006 at Army Public School Gurdaspur?
If you were to compare a Turkish university degree to an Estonian university degree, what would you say? Which is more prestigious?
Is there any dummy school in Ghaziabad?
Is Lubbock High School haunted?
Can someone be proficient in Newtonian level physics without higher education?
What jobs can make me rich without too much education?
Will I get an education loan if I have 4 backlogs out of 14 papers in FE engineering?
A man has 3 sons and 6 schools within his reach. In how many ways can he send them to school if two of his sons are to be in the same school?
How do I get into CA after completing an MPC in intermediate?
How did you get an AIR of 10 in AIIMS Main?
Can I get into Harvard with a 3.2 GPA in 12th grade, 4.5 in 11th, 5 in 10th, 5 in 9th and with a perfect score in the SAT, ACT and SAT Subject tests?
Is there a high competition of law schooling in India?
How should I study to get better grades in high school and become a great student?
Which is better for the NEET, pure science or bio-maths (for Samacheer Kalvi students)?
Is the school district justified at all for suspending the student’s position as ASB President? Is the student protected by the first amendment?
Can an IGNOU student appear for the December TEE '17 for some papers if he enrolled in July '16? Is there any form to be filled to appear for this exam?
Can every children get a good education?
Should I take notes from books in high school and study by them or should I just read the book and study without taking notes to get better grades?
What course can I join after finishing 12th regarding civil engineering?
In what way(s) Chinese education system is better than Indian edu. system? How can we rectify our shortcomings?
What can 12th pass students interested in physics and astronomy do before they join their college (in my case IIT or IISC)?
Is it wise to take science and do bio technology after 10th along with hotel management and also a few courses of makeup artistry?
Do we get a high level of education in Ukraine to get through the USMLE?
What are some major struggling student groups that are often overlooked and what might be some ways to help them?
If CBSE follows the HC order, will CISCE follow the same, or are ISC students at a disadvantage?
Who is the best chemistry teacher for class 11 ISC in Kolkata?
Does any IT company directly recruit freshers having 90% and above in their senior secondary (ICSE), higher secondary and engineering undergraduate?
Is PCMB combination needed for NEET?
How do I cancel my college degree after passing out (in India)? Is there any such provision?
Is it true that those who score well in college will also score well in competitive programming?
What are the passing marks out of 20?
How do I prepare for the CLAT after standard 10?
How can I study in high school and get better grades and go deeper in that material, learn it and understand it from the root?
How do I get online courses on SQL Servers?
Why are the tropics defined at 23 degrees rather than the logical 30 degree?
How can I stop procrastinating as a high school student and just get good grades?
Which are the best case schools for 11th & 12th in Hyderabad?
Which school is the best in Nashik with 11th and 12th std. [state board]?
Can studying by reciting/trying to teach others a chapter and trying to link it with something else help me get better grades in high school?
After 12, what should I do to become a PCS officer with commerce subject?
Should I quit gaming forever as a teenager to live my life and get better grades?
What are the IT skills needed for human resources? Is there any online free course available?
Do I stand a chance of doing a PhD from outside India? I have scored only 83.8% in class X, 59.4% in class XII & 60.25% in a BSc (1st class in botany).
For how many semesters is math taught to IT students?
Why does the west continue the character limiting elections in the yearbooks of their high school children?
What grace marks are given in the CBSE board exams in 2017?
What is the best physics investigatory project for class 12?
Are your schools informed about Islam?
Other than Kota, Is there any better institute for science after 10th?
What are the technological trends in education?
What was your class 12 percentage, and has it helped you in any way?
What is a good high school resume maker?
If I have gotten 105% and 107% on two Science tests, will they balance out my 95% and 99% and result in me passing the class with full marks?
Are grace marks helpful to every student?
Did anyone fail in the 12th board?
What are the educational qualifications for a B.Pharma in MP?
How can I get a new marksheet of the UP board in high school?
Is Terrence Tao's method for teaching analysis effective?
What is the new CBCS system in DU colleges? How are marks calculated following this system?
What are best basic/recommended books for maths for 12th PCM students?
Can a person with commerce in class 12 become a dietitian?
What are some effective tips you could give for Physics and Math HL?
Will poor math grades look bad on my college application if I choose to major in finance?
Educators: What are some simple changes you have seen or experienced at your school district that had a major impact on student outcomes?
How are Amity University Noida AC hostel rooms?
Is it necesarry to study 5 or 6 hours to gain good marks in class 12?
Is it mandatory to get 60% in HS Examination to be eligible for NET?
Will moderation policy affect the results of CBSE 2017 coming on 24 May?
Which institute is better for a class 12+ student, ALLEN, Resonance, or Nucleus Education?
What are some good schools offering A levels in Pune?
Which are the best coaching institutes for SBI bank PO and RBI grade B in Delhi?
Should I stop gaming to get better grades and stop my depression?
Which stream is best for a BCA after the 10th?
Is BBA or civil better?
What is an ideal age for completing 12th class?
Do questions get repeated in AIIMS?
Which subject do I take at 9.2?
Are coaching classes doing an immense service to India's students?
Would you please provide the SEBI grade A exam syllabus?
What is an intellectually rigorous degree I can take?
How did Charlemagne's support of education benefit his kingdom?
Is IGCSE the new name for O Levels?
Is it hard to study a degree in Business Management? What jobs can you get out of it?
Do you need to remember everything at all times in Math to advance?
Why did you decide to put your child in a forest kindergarten?
There is no moderation this year for CBSE class 12. Only grace marks are being awarded. Won't it affect the Delhi students?
How hard was IB further math this year?
In order to major in biochemistry, do both of my marks in Biology and Chemistry need to cross the cutoff mark?
How does the high school where you go differ from your friends’ schools?
How can I understand maths, study it and get better grades in high school?
I got A1 in 3 subjects in class 9 and A1 in all subjects (internal) in class 10. How much marks should I get to get a 10 CGPA?
If I fail the 12th exam in 2017, can I be eligible for the IIT exam in 2018?
Can a change in educational policy solve most of India's problems?
Can I fill the improvement form of class 12 in 2017 without wasting my year?
Which are important tests after 10th?
Is Make School a college? If not, what is it?
Will the CBSE follow the Delhi HC order of not scrapping the moderation policy this year?
Who has a class in school that actually feels like prison?
Is "Delhi Institute of Professional Studies" legal as it offers graduation courses in 1 year?
What software can teaching assistants (PhD candidates or otherwise) use?
Can I decide that if I drop a year I will fully grab the basics of all subjects required for AIIMS Delhi 2018? I want to do MBBS from AIIMS Delhi only.
How do I know the syllabus and marks pattern of class 10?
What education qualifications do I need to evaluate from WES? I have a B.E. degree and a master's degree, should 10th and 12th also be considered?
If came 15 minutes late to class, can a teacher refuse to teach me and leave 30 minutes early?
I attend Aakash coaching classes and as a result I get only 4 hours for studying. Is NCERT syllabus enough for securing a seat in VIT/SRM?
Are mind maps effective and can they help me get better grades in high school?
Is 15 years of education enough for doing CEMS MIM?
When will the results for Ishan Uday 2016-2017 be declared?
How do I concentrate on my education?
Do I need to learn all the dates for the ICSE board history exam 2018?
What can I learn from a high school chemistry course?
What should I do if I like my classmate at school, but we are now at different colleges and she is at a far better college than me?
Is it okay to use different pens in the CBSE board exam for your presentation?
What happened to you when you finished highschool?
Do the cut-off marks in a subject in JEE Advanced 2017 imply total marks in both papers in the subject or marks in the subject in each one paper?
How can I become the best student I can be in high school?
Do we need educated citizens for democracy?
Can I get 90% in 12 after getting grace marks to 80%?
Are American business schools a lot better than British ones?
If a person correctly writes 30 marks in chemistry 2017 CBSE, will he pass?
What should you do if you want to finish your university education but have no money, weak credit score, and poor grades from when you first attended?
Should I go for Group C post in the SSB as a compassionate appointment, or continue as a B.Sc nursing graduate and pursue higher education?
If you were a teacher and you had to teach the high school version of yourself, what advice would you give her?
Which subject stream should I take?
After completing 10th class, is there any entrance exam for Oxford University?
Does SRM gives discount in tuition fees if a student scores good in semester exams?
How do you pass a math test?
How can I draw mind maps effectively to get better grades in high school?
What is the best effective way to study fast and for long retaining?
Is it possible to create a career in cricket after getting an education?
I am tired of bad grades and I want to improve them in high school, how do I do it and manage to get better grades?
Should I choose banking, maths, or secretarial practices in my class 11 commerce stream?
How can I not give up from studying in high school and just get better grades?
What are the minimum marks for AIIMS?
Will there be a board moderation policy in the academic year of 2018?
What online graduate school is cheaper for a doctoral course?
What advice would you give to a freshman in high school who is starting to become exposed to more and more of today's world?
Has Amity ever accepted a student who failed 12th board?
How do I manage and study both the 12th public exam as well as the NEET exam?
What is the most difficult class you've ever taken?
What l should do at my graduation level for my best career?
Do we have to pass out from class 10 first to appear for the ASAT Nurture course at ALLEN?
What type of maths is included in economics?
How can I get my 12th class marksheet after 2 years gap?
What are some things I can do, as a young woman who’s getting ready to go into college, to prepare or better myself?
What are some elite boarding secondary schools in the US and UK with decent to good swimming programs?
Is upgradation continuing this year (2016-2017) in class X?
Does a premium B School tag really make a difference?
How is Amity University Noida for fashion communication?
What is the standard for the questions on the PGET in CSE at MAKAUT? And where can I find sample question papers for the same?
What are some interesting topics for my class 11 physics project?
What is the best thing a teacher said to you?
Which subject is easy, and which is tough in BITS 2017?
When is the Bihar Board 12th Science result likely to be declared?
How many of you have been a victim of loneliness in high school and college?
For those who are good at programming but not math, what do they find difficult about math?
Is NCERT Biology alone enough to score more than 90% in Biology in AIIMS and NEET? How important is NCERT (Physics and Chemistry) for these exams?
In CBSE schools, what is the difference between a Hindi A and a Hindi B course?
How many mark is require for a SC student to get a seat in AIIMS Delhi?
Is the dropper course of Prerna Classes good?
How many countries in the world provide basic life support training to their school students? I am not talking about 11-12 year old kids.
Should I join Aakash in class 9 if I am willing to take medical?
Which are the field options open for me after completing class 12th sci. PCM?
What are the approximate minimum marks to get a seat in any of the AIIMs?
Why does SSC not allow fresh registration of candidates who registered for a previous exam?
What should we do to pass 10th and get into medical science?
What are strategies to teach a student to make predictions regarding written texts?
Is the ICSE or the CBSE best for the NEET?
IGCSE Students: Are you finding the 2017 May/June examinations harder than most past papers?
I will take Algebra 2 HN in 10th grade. Am I behind as an engineering school candidate? What's your suggestions?
What is continuing professional education in CPA?
How do I study H2 Chemistry?
When will the 2017 Class 12 HSC result be declared?
Is Amity Noida really boring like they say?
What is the procedure to appear for the Delhi University improvement exams?
Without maths in 12th standard, can I do CA?
Should I use mind maps to study in high school and improve my grades?
How can I pass the JAIIB within 15 days?
Do 12th class marks matter for CAT?
How do I score good in the CBSE class 10 science practical questions?
What's the difference between regular schooling and homeschooling?
How can I build good study habits and get better grades in high school?
What do you do when a teacher hates you?
Which is the best university in the world in which to study Indian history?
Can a science student pursue law after class 12? If so, what steps should one take to get into a reputable law school?
Will I qualify for the Advanced 2017 if I get only 8 marks in physics (paper 1 and 2) and 65 each in math and chemistry?
Why have an educational institutions become a money-making business? There is no quality.
When is the first reshuffling of the MEGA course of Vibrant Academy held?
Should I take regular classes to boost my GPA or should I still take AP/honors classes?
How does examiner gives marks in engineering?
What is the best option for becoming a CA after 12th class?
Why education is going costly day by day?
What do Muslim students do if they participate in food and beverage courses?
Where can I check my HS results on WB board?
What is the meaning of drama and theatre in education?
I was in my science teachers room and was wondering: Could a teacher murder someone and use the skeleton as a display to get rid of the body?
What​ is IIT? What should we study in intermediate for betterment?
From a GPA perspective, what is the value of the Honors courses as opposed to the AP courses?
I am interested in computer science, which are the different courses available after 12 in India?
Why are school clubs the worst?
What if my father can't handle or dislikes the idea of studying abroad in US after high school?
What are some good books that teach practical approaches and methods for sizing a market?
Do classes begin at Christ University immediately after orientation?
How is Amity university Noida for studying B pharm?
With marks of 120, what rank will one get in the AIIMS?
What are the subjects for CBSE commerce?
Is ISC marking scheme strict or lenient?
What are the pros and cons of sending my child to a Chinese national school or a private school in Malaysia?
Can a school prevent a student from taking an AP course?
How do people decide which college to attend?
What do you think about subjectivity?
Are there cliques in your high school?
Can I skip the SAT 10, 11, and 12 classes and go directly to university?
How good of grades do I need for grad school in math or physics?
Is it possible to clear the full syllabus of the CBSE class 11th and 12th in just 6 months?
What is meant by self-education?
How will the moderation policy of the CBSE 2017 help a good and hard working student?
Does board percentage matter in AIIMS?
Should I study by taking notes and trying to teach the notes/lecture them or by reading a textbook and lecture at the same time to get better grades?
What is the best way to write the description of an instrument in the exam in order to get full marks?
What all gets included in determining the moderation of marks? Is it all about passing or something else?
Have I lost my chance of getting an A grade on my English paper?
How do I use flash cards for maths to understand concepts or should I try to self explain it to myself in high school?
What are the benefits of studying at Strathroy District Collegiate Institute?
Which is the best institution after the 10th board?
How much is the counselling fees at Manipal institute of technology?
Which syllabus is best iCSE, CBSE, or state for NEET?
I want to study biology of aging. What should I study for Bachelor?
What do teachers think about introverted students?
Should I go to LPU? Is the education and placement good there?
What was it like to study at UF? What were your experiences, professors, classes, people, etc.?
How do prestigious educational institutes in India show the relation between student's socioeconomic background and their selection in institution?
When will the 12th HSC 2017 results be out?
Can I apply for admission to DU after class 12? I am currently in class 10.
Can I crack the NTSE exam by studying the state board book and finding information on the internet?
What is the best course to take when you have scored 60% in 12th?
Does the training provided by tech companies to freshers indicate that the Indian education system is of poor quality?
When will the CBSE 12 2017 result be out?
Are marks obtained in class 12th going to be analysed in the selection process along with the exam, GD/PI?
What is the current problem of CBSE with not publishing 12th results 2017?
What are the online DELE preparation courses available for less than 200 euros?
Why is there a feeling of emptiness after one graduates from high school/university?
What is the new date of CBSE class 12 result 2017? Has any information regarding that issued by the board?
What is a D.El.Ed course, and what are some private colleges?
What degree is better to do after intermediate?
Should I draw and use mind maps to get straight As in high school?
What is the best course which offers more salary for a diploma?
What makes nationalism a false philosophy in education?
What was the reaction of your parents after your 12th class results? How did you tackle your relatives?
I hate going home after school. What should I do?
Does your class 12 percentage matter in MBA placements? I got 72% in both class 12 and college, and 88% in class 10. Will I have issues with getting shortlisted for summer internships?
Is it possible to take a language exam for 10th class in the CBSE years after school (even after graduation)?
Are there any fine art Indian students on Quora? Can anyone share some effective and economical ways to pursue fine arts in Delhi?
How difficult will it be for a student to score 85%-95%, after the changed policy of providing grace marks?
How should I study to get best grades ever as a teenager in high school?
Is admission to a UG course on a donation basis good?
How many people failed in the 10 CBSE board exam in 2016?
Which are the best books for accountancy class 12?
Is it okay for a teacher to shove me in the head?
Where does one write the AP exam?
What are examples of core teaching strategies?
Demotivated by not scoring good marks in practice tests. In the last 20 days, how can one score best? What should be done to make the year’s efforts worth?
Should we follow the CBSE syllabus or state board syllabus for the SSN entrance test?
What are the interesting topics in commerce class 11?
What is a good reference book for 11th CBSE?
How does teacher check a paper when half a page is empty?
Where all are CONCEPTREE Learning centres offering residential NEET programs (XI and XII)?
What is the reason behind Roman Saini's decision to give away free education in place of free medical treatment?
If I failed the 12th CBSE PCM 2017, when will the compartment exam be held?
In state board, is English core elective or functional?
Have you ever experienced failure as an elementary school classroom teacher? What did you learn from it?
What subject should I choose for a BBA?
Where can you study for free in Canada and pay after graduating?
Will you recommend skipping Algebra 2 over the summer for a rising 10th grader?
Is question number 10 of the JEE Advanced 2017 Paper 1 similar to one of the physics questions asked in the WBJEE 2014 exam?
What rank must one get in the regular tests to be selected for the preparation of AIIMS in ALLEN?
Does Nalanda University in Bihar still have good education?
If someone scored less than 50% in 12th, would he/she be eligible to apply to the Big 4 companies?
What course should I choose after 12 biology to joining in NASA?
Do we fall into GNGND category if one has completed school in Noida but graduated from Delhi?
Can a person rely on online studying and training for serious classical music education (vocal and instrumental)?
What's a good way to remember study designs?
Is it worth spending money on IT-related higher education in a foreign university for an Indian now?
Do I need to study 11th and 12th mathematics for GATE?
How do I secure 95%+ in 10th boards exam in CBSE? I am an average student scored 10th CGPA in my 9th. What are the ways throgh which I can prepare?
Should schools teach people how to allow their views to be challenged?
What can I do if I hate school?
Which sites are useful to study for UGC NET?
Should I get grace marks if I’m getting 80 marks in any subject?
Do we have to learn the AIIMS password for an exam or will it be provided?
Do guys prefer dating girls that have a higher education than themselves as much as girls prefer dating someone that has a higher education than theirs?
What are the characteristics of an outcome-based education?
Is archaeology a science or arts subject?
How many are frustrated with CBSE's behavior?
Which subject would be better for doing graduation economics or statistics if I am interested in doing higher education and my maths is pretty good?
What is the best novel for a school student?
What should I do to become a great student in high school again and get better grades?
Can I redeem myself in my junior year after having bad grades in sophomore year?
What are some maths be tricks for high school?
Is the topic "determination of contents of cold drinks" good for my class 12 investigatory project?
Are 6th-12th Science NCERTS worth reading? Most S and T questions are from current affairs.
What is 4D in physics in the easy way of class 11?
What is the best advice about Finance to give to a new high school graduate?
Is there any difference in VMC premium correspondence if one applies online for the course?
When taking notes to study in high school, should I just take them once and read them, or should I take notes everytime I read to study?
What’s the real effectiveness of mind maps, and can they help me get better grades in high school?
How are grace marks alloted to the students of CBSE after the HC order?
How many exams are there to complete a CA?
How do I find members to form a band in high school when I don't know anyone?
What course can you pursue after doing humanities in the CBSE in Plus 2 for under/post graduation? What are the career opportunities?
How would you handle educational ethics in today's complex situation?
Are there any opportunities other than treating patients after completing PG studies in medicine?
Can the SAT be attempted after the 10th try?
How will CBSE give marks now after the High Court's decision regarding the marks moderation policy?
What percentage of high school students read the assigned texts?
What is the importance of education today?
Which college can I join if my class 12 percentage is 60%? I am a PCB student.
What was the lowest score last year to get into AIIMS Delhi?
Should I study by taking notes from my textbook and then trying to teach someone through those notes to get better grades in high school?
Can you grow high grade marijuana from low grade seeds?
What are some good Chemistry research topics with enough experiments for a 12 grader?
