Can I start bodybuilding at 40?
How many push-ups, crunches, leg raises and squats should I do to lose 80lbs?
Why are some muscle builders so bulky yet still lack muscle definition even with very low fat ratio?
Will my dog get ripped if I make it workout?
Which exercise machine is good to reduce stomach size?
Can a complete strength training program be built around kettlebell swings, the barbell deadlift, and bodyweight pull-ups?
What should I do when I have done my exercise in the evening after eating and now my chest is painful?
Should I do calisthenics or running as a teenager to get fit and skinny and healthy?
Why do some pains (e.g., the pain in the body after an intense workout, or when you are mentally hurt, or when you rub your gums together) feel good?
How do fitness centers like Crunch/Planet Fitness stay fresh smelling even with groups of sweaty people?
How should I approach a gym buddy’s auntie?
How long should I stretch a muscle per day for better mobility and flexibility?
What are the best workouts to get big biceps?
What scaled down movements do you practice to increase your pull ups?
How can I improve my endurance for soccer?
Why is walking in the woods beneficial for your health?
How much time should I workout in order to make my body strong enough?
How can I start gym exercises?
What is the best workout to lose my belly fat and water retention? I already eat real food and fewer calories, and I do cardio and strength training.
Should I do calisthenics or practice running to lose, get fit and skinny as a teenager?
Can you build a muscular body through yoga, since essentially you are lifting your entire body weight by doing yogic asanas and exercises?
Is exercise bad for you?
Whats are the best exercises to build huge calves?
Are you wasting money on pre-workout?
What results can be seen after doing 20 minutes elliptical trainer daily?
What are some training ideas I can do to condition my body for traditional karate or any training at all?
What is the proper form for pull-ups and push-ups in the Air Force?
What are the benefits of training on sand for a runner?
Is running in place considered a vigorous exercise?
How can we get young people to do more exercise?
How can I achieve washboard abs and defined pectoral muscles at home?
Is it possible to lose weight and build muscle through weight training only?
What are the benefits Of Fitness And Exercise?
What’s the fastest you ever sprinted?
What is the perfect weekly schedule to reach my highest cardio potential?
Out of a heavy body and a lightweight body, which body falls down first?
Do I still have a chance of widening my hips?
How healthy are runners compared to fit and healthy people who exercise but don't run?
Why should you warm up before playing badminton?
What factors are important in determining the length of time for breath holding when at rest during re-breathing and exercising?
I can bench 140kg (315lbs) weigh 96kg, deadlift 240kg & in the morning I can see slightly the top two abs, why do I not have a chest?
What is the best exercise for a flat stomach?
What builds more mass in weightlifting? More reps and less sets or less reps and more sets?
If I do at least 200 squats a day for 10 days, will I see any results in my butt?
Is it bad to do extra cardio in the morning & later hit the gym in the evening that includes weights & cardio?
Can an employer round up hours if less then 30 minutes?
What workout split would be best for someone in the military that requires all around fitness, and incorporates at least 3 days of cardio?
How can I build my body to be like Arnold’s?
Is it possible to rent an empty small room for an hour?
Does a vacuum in space get stronger and stronger?
I have had an ACL replacement. What leg exercises should I do, and which ones should I avoid?
How can women get a lean and muscular physique?
Which diet should I take to stay fit and increase stamina?
How can I get shredded at home in two days?
What are the differences in calorie burning in walking and biking?
Is there any actual advantage or disadvantage of having eight pack abs or four pack abs rather than six?
How can I stop being lazy and get motivation to run and get fit and skinny?
While doing kegel exercises, I used to get pain in my legs. Am I doing them right?
What exercises should one do on the first day of gym?
How heavy is too heavy to stop growth?
Would it be possible to get hired as a fitness trainer without a two-year diploma?
What are the best things to eat when one is gymming?
What is a physical workout routine that a 14 year old NDA aspirant should follow?
I want to look fit on my 20th birthday. I have 7 months and I am starting my workout. What should I do for my diet, being from an Indian household?
What are the reasons to feel shortness of breath and sweating while excercising?
What is the best exercise for a 15-year-old guy like me?
I had lost weight on my upper body and thighs except my belly! What kind of exercise should I focus on now?
What exercises are the best if one has to lose abdominal muscles and a bulky belly after pregnancy?
What's the most guaranteed way to lose fat without using the gym?
What is the best exercises for bad knees?
What is the best abs workout for visible abs when you have 12% and below of fat?
What are some good tips for a beginner who wants practice yoga?
Is doing a one-hour continuous workout better or is it better to do a 20-minute workout 3-times a day?
I am lifting weights for over 5 months and taking whey isolates, but do not seem any gain in my muscles. What am I doing wrong?
When is a good grade to start weight lifting?
Do squats help you develop abs?
How has yoga changed your life?
How can one lose belly and butt fat?
Can I workout with dumbbells after a meal?
Which exercises are best for the butt if I have hip dysplasia and bad knees?
Are my running times good?
I run every day. I weigh 105 lbs. How much will I lose?
How should I reduce weight without hitting the gym?
Is there any way I can improve my mental stamina?
What is a good plan for senior fitness?
How do you workout and eat during Ramadan?
Can reducing butt fat change the shape of men’s hips?
How many squats should one do for quick results?
What should I do first, running or exercise?
Could I develop a lot strength in two years training five days a week?
Does a gym give strength?
What are some good basic exercises for a 14 year old to do inside?
I have been having a sore lower back, which just escalated with a level-up on a dead-weight rep. Should I just keep applying heat and wait it out?
How often should one do street workout?
Do I need a gym membership in order to lose fat and gain muscle?
Should I give blood after running for 4 miles?
What is the main disadvantage of circuit training?
When you take methadone for pain, can you exercise again?
In what order should one train strength and endurance?
Can I get fit body just by walking one hour a day?
Is 6 minutes and 23 seconds a good mile time for a 13 year old?
Being that high AST and ALT levels are the result of dying muscle tissue, could a recent, extremely high impact exercise routine be the cause of the elevation?
What is the best exercise for monster, massive shoulders? Which supplements are best?
What is the best time to work out during Ramadan for rapid fat loss?
Can I get a full-body workout with a 45lb kettlebell?
What's a good exercise to reduce belly fat and obtain a toned stomach, besides the obvious crunches?
How do I decrease weight without doing any exercises?
How does one transition into eating two meals per day and exercising again without screwing up their metabolism?
What are the best exercises for meralgia paraesthetica?
I'm having 5 small meals a day and I lift weights, but I'm not losing the bellyfat for my abs to be visible. I'm not fat. What am I doing wrong?
Is there any standard workout routine for Ectomorphs?
I have a bad physique but I want to stay fit and not getting motivated towards it. What should I do?
What is the best outfit for ladies going to the gym in India, and where can we get it?
How do I do cardio excercise at home without any equipment?
Does Gold’s Gym provide food to their members?
Which exercises will give you broad shoulders without going to a gym?
What is the best way to get a muscular body like a male model?
What is the importance of aerobic activities?
Why is no contact so difficult? I just white-knuckled it for 30 days. What now, white-knuckle it for another 30 days?
Is a toning tube useful for full body making?
How do I work out at home to build a six-pack?
Is masturbation OK after 1 hour of working out in the gym?
Is it true that the airways alternately constrict, as is said in yoga?
If the unathletic male with a big belly loses weight due to stretching and exercises, will he be able to learn & practice parkour and martial arts?
How do I do pullups/chinups?
How do I build a bubble butt?
Why does exercising make my chest flat? How can I make my boobs bigger?
How do seniors usually commute if they want to leave their homes, for example, to participate in a fitness program?
After how many days can eyes be cured by yoga?
What are some good workout videos for a man in his 50's to lose weight?
Is it possible to start a mus cell building with Headlock Muscle?
How would I get abs as soon as possible?
What are the best-kept secrets about exercise, fitness, body building, and working out?
Why is it important to stretch after exercise, what happens if I don't?
How do I train for 8k run?
Is it good or bad to exercise in the summer?
Which algorithm is used by applications to count calories burned? How do treadmills and other gym machines count calories burned?
What should be the exercise routine for a thin, musical Indian 16-year-old guy with a tummy to have a healthy body in one month?
Why do my legs feel shaky after exercise?
What’s the best arm and forearms routine?
Is Musli helpful for gym freaks?
What kind of exercise will get me a body like Cameron Dallas?
Is Endura mass good while doing calisthenics?
Which it the best fitness center?
Do you ever struggle with staying committed to running? What's your biggest motivation?
Is it advisable to do 100 pushups immediately followed by bench press (20-25 reps with light weight)?
What are the best exercises for men over 40?
Would a recumbent bike result in big calf muscles?
How can I start gym exercises for good health?
Is it OK to have sex after a workout?
How many times should an adult masturbate in a week?
What is the use of pull up and pull down resistors in a micro-controller?
What do handstands exercise?
What is aerobic endurance in football?
How are athletes muscles so defined?
How can I build a stronger chest?
What workout do you use to train for the 300 meter hurdles?
Will bodybuilding make women's legs bulky? If not, then why do fitness pros (like Nikki B etc.) have big legs?
How can I get fit and skinny as a high schooler?
Should you train rear delts on a pull day or push day?
I can do a pistol squat with my left leg but not with my right. Is this because I'm a right handed fencer?
Can men wear slim fitting jackets for interviews?
I want to build a fitness software application. What are people's worst pain points when getting into shape? Workout planning, nutrition, etc.?
Should I draw mind maps and do exercises instead of just reading and doing exercises to get better grades in high school?
If exercising a lot keeps you young and is anti-ageing, then why do many who work out have a lot of wrinkles?
How do I convert my excess belly fat into useful muscle?
What is the name of a small engine that can lift 100 kg of weight?
Can you build muscles without cardio?
How do weight bearing exercises actually help bones?
If a man never works out, what will happen to him? Will he live a shorter life than the men who work out regularly?
Is cycling better than running to reduce thigh fat?
How do I keep energy after intense workout?
Can one build upper pectorals without an incline press?
What are some effective excersises I can implement into my workout routine that will speed up my progress towards a one arm pull up?
What might cause tremors after exercise?
Which exercise is preferable for a 17-year-old beginner?
Is it bad that I masturbate twice a day?
What are the best effective ways to burn belly fat for men?
Is 5-exercise 5-set 5-rep workout any good?
Is it enough to do a 10 minute bodyweight exercise and then run for 10 to 15 minutes to lose weight and belly fat?
What is the best chest exercise for a nice, muscular chest?
Have you ever felt more tired than usual during a resting time while not working out?
What should you do after running?
What exercises are there to lose belly, hip, and thigh fat?
Should I study for maths by doing exercises or by studying examples and figuring out how to solve similiar exercises?
Is it okay to walk in the morning and go to the gym in the evening and do yoga?
Can we practice​ yoga after 6 in the evening?
What are scarecrow exercises?
Is it okay to train twice per body part per week?
What is the optimal work-out schedule for curls?
How many days does it take the shoulders to recover after workout?
How can I workout and not be sore?
Why is walking considered a good exercise?
Are all those exercises to help your back just a scam?
Is it bad for someone who weight lifts not to have a calorie surplus?
Is it okay to do both swimming and gym after 50?
At what height from the ground should I place the pull up bar?
How can a skinny 16-year-old guy start getting in shape with just a pair of dumbbells, a pull-up bar and a treadmill?
I want to get stronger and more muscular by doing push-ups, pull-ups, and sit-ups. How many reps and sets should I do everyday?
Why are handstands good?
What exercise would you suggest for a woman to lose thigh fat?
Once you've run an ultramarathon, does running shorter distances (5-10 miles) feel easy?
Why do some people have small hips and big thighs?
What would you recommend about running daily on road (tarmac)?
If the penis is a muscle, why can't it be exercised to get bigger?
How can I go to a gym without losing my cheeks?
Can a girl start playing physical sport, like wrestling or weightlifting, at the age of 25, with the aim of winning medals?
How can I keep doing exercise if I'm not eating well?
How many calories does strength training burn?
How can I practice mantras and yoga at home?
Is increasing reps/sets the same as increasing the weight? Which is better, increasing sets or reps, and by what amount? And how long before we increase them?
How long should I exercise/workout when time isn't an issue?
What is the best way to get in shape for capoeira classes in three months?
Can intense muscular exercise cause acute health problems in otherwise healthy individuals?
When you are working out what do you do to get over the hump?
Is it true that increasing the repetitions of workout and not the weight helps in building cuts?
Do workouts affect growth?
Will running help lower body weight?
Running is the best thing for me to keep my mood in check. It's my hobby. How can I improve muscle gain at gym and not cut my running?
How can I get fit, healthy, strong and skinny as a teenager?
How does Akram Khan stays consistent in his workouts?
Is it possible to be obese yet remain healthy or physically fit?
How many times a week should I go to the gym and for how long?
Which are the best chest exercises to develop the outer pectoral muscle?
Can I do body weight exercises after intense weight training?
What are some healthy food habits and exercises for full time working professionals to lose weight?
What do you do when your pet does yoga?
Which kind of stretching exercise should I avoid if I have lower back pain?
Do pelvic muscles exercises really work for men?
What kind of stretches are preferable in the morning, static or dynamic?
How many days a week do I do sprints to burn fat? For how long do I do the sprints? I lift weights, and I'm 42 years old.
Is a single mile in 8 minutes for a 5'7" 44-year-old male with a 28 BMI and a stocky build a good time?
Why I am not able to lose weight even after 2 years of doing continuous exercises?
Which are the best exercises for overall growth of the body of a 15-year-old boy?
What happens if you run 1 mile everyday for a year?
Which is better, gym or functional training?
Is lifting 30kg weight 20 times and 20kg 30 times the same?
Which causes losing weight fast, aerobic exercise or machines?
What is the best form of exercise?
How do film stars makeover their body in months?
What is the minimum number of days a beginner (slightly unfit) must work out to gain little biceps?
How can we be fit mentally and physically?
How many miles should I run a week?
Can I lengthen my neck with exercises?
What is better: a push/pull split or a body part split?
Will weightlifting stunt height growth?
How can I make my right shoulder lift up as far as the left while walking?
What is a valid excuse for wanting to switch out a swimming semester in HS with another activity for physical education?
Is drinking on a regular basis (4-6 pegs) OK if you work out and do cardio 6 days a week (5 mile jog)?
What are the best outfits for workout for a female (it would be helpful with images)?
How do I run the 400 meter dash properly?
What is a good example of a low impact cardio for bad knees?
Does working out make your shoulders broader?
I am 50, I want to increase my baseball throwing speed, what exercises should I do?
How did CrossFit generate its initial traction? How did it go from the original gym to the first 20 locations? What were the triggers?
Is doing thirty 1-minute sessions of exercise per day as beneficial as doing one 30-minute session per day?
How long should I stay in gym?
What is the difference between a bulk body and a lean body?
What do I need to do at home to get my abs to show if I'm already skinny?
What body weight is enough to make you feel heavy against a push?
Is it good to do a workout after consuming food? If not, why?
What is more important, to have a strong and fit body or a clever brain?
How do I maintain flexibility of my body when I'm working out regularly?
How do I become happy as a teenager and get good grades and get fit?
What if a fit man stops exercising?
Is there an easy way to fix text neck posture?
What should I avoid eating before intense cardio training to stop me from needing to poop?
If I do no other exercises besides squats, will my body look weird because I'll have a huge ass and no other muscles?
What is the best aerobic workout to follow online?
What are some agility exercises examples?
What is the correct way to work out the result of 899½-998¾?
What’s your exercise of choice when you are limited on time?
How do I maximize my endurance (running) within 9 days?
Which sport is better to get a fit body, swimming or going to the gym?
What should be the sequence for yoga, Pranayam and meditation?
How many sit-ups would a person have to do in a single night to see results the next day?
How do one start exercising after a C-section?
What exercises can help to reduce stiffness in my broken wrist?
What food should I buy at a QuikTrip before an intense leg workout?
What is the function of the muscles in one’s arm and legs?
What are some great strength training exercises that can be done anywhere?
How do you motivate yourself to exercise when you're already happy with the way you look?
How many times in a week should I train my chest in order for it to get bigger?
Which pranayama and yoga poses are recommended for someone who has already quit smoking?
How can I tell whether my kettle bell is the right weight for me?
I am 29 yrs old, have belly fat. Now I want to loose this belly fat along with growing muscle & proper shape of body. Is it possible at this age?
Where can I learn about losing weight without dieting and exercising?
What are the benefits of getting Yoga Certification?
How do I know if I am gaining muscle?
How do I do cardio exercise at home without equipment and increase stamina?
What are the 10 components of fitness?
Where can I be trained in squats in Bangalore?
Is EMS fitness safe?
Can we train forearms with arms?
Does walking help build running stamina?
How can I improve my stamina and strength?
Can I do wholesaling in New Jersey without a real estate agent license?
How long will it take to notice a difference from working out 20 minutes a day?
Could I lose fat with cycling (while growing up)?
If you do not exercise, but eat healthy, how much protein should you eat?
How do I wake up early in the morning, in hot summers, to exercise and not feel lazy?
Is it bad for men to have soy protein (more specifically after weight lifting)?
Is there a way to lose belly fat without eating healthy and exercising?
How long does it takes to get rid of gynecomastia by exercising?
How do I grip the bar on a back squat?
What is a good fitness routine for a musician especially a guitarist?
How many months does it take for a complete body transformation if we do gym workouts for 2 hours a day, 6 days a week?
Should I draw mind maps of exercise solving instead of plainly solving exercises to get better grades in physics and maths?
My legs are too skinny compared to my upper body, so what are the best leg workouts to build heavy and thicker legs?
Which is better, doing mat exercises or going to the gym?
What are some very simple free-hand exercises for absolute beginners at home?
Can Sennheiser wireless headphones be used for workouts in the gym?
As a fitness beginner, I am having a little trouble lifting weights. I can do about 10-12 reps of dumbbell curls on my right hand, but not on my left. Why?
What's the best way to lose weight slowly? I work away a lot, so I stay at a hotels. I don't do any exercises at the moment, and I'm currently 5'9 at 270 lbs.
How can I make myself a faster runner?
Is it possible for a 40+ age fit man to 'start over' and build muscle and tone up?
Should we do cardio before weights? Or cardio after weight training?
What does Akram Khan’s current workout and diet look like?
How do I learn CrossFit without a trainer?
Is it true that you train push-ups daily without resting?
What else can I do to loosen up my calves?
What is the best way to workout at home without using weights or going to the gym?
Is it true that Dwayne Johnson works out at 4am?
Is there an exercise which can replace sit-ups? I've heard they have a high body DMG percent.
What are the benefits of performing aerial yoga at home?
How do I get veiny abs?
How can I develop muscles without going to the gym or using any weights?
How do I make my back thighs bigger?
What are some upper body workouts if you’re so weak you can't do a push up?
What are the preferred timings to do yoga?
Is it good if I run for 30 minutes, stop a little bit, then carry on running?
What is the best way of acquiring a good body physique if you are thin?
Why am I having aches and soreness when I work?
Will there be any changes if I don’t go to the gym for 20 days?
What is the physiological reason as to why each post-knee-surgery exercise hurts initially for 2-3 days, then stops, until the difficulty is increased?
Can I do running along with my gym? I am doing gym in mornings and running at evening and I am a vegetarian.
If you do 20 push ups every day for 3 months, how much fat would you lose in your chest area?
How helpful is aerobics when combined with cardio and strength training?
How much do you walk on average every day?
How can I work out to exercise my weak wrists and forearms to make them very strong ones?
Will I gain muscle faster if I have a fitness coach?
Why do I have veiny abs?
How can I lose the flab on my stomach?
If the miltary press is too hard on my rotator cuff due to arthritis, what other exercises could I do?
What are great exercises for building muscle while losing body fat without using weights?
What are some good workout routines for a rowing machine?
Does strength training burn the same amount of calories as cardio to lose weight?
Is lifting weights enough to burn fat?
What are some examples of historic/ancient yoga exercises?
I almost have a full beard at 16. Do I have lots of testosterone, which is good for weightlifting?
Do I have to lose fat to build muscle?
How many KM does one have to run to lose weight?
How can I lift and tone flabby arms with a workout? How long does it take? Is it really effective with excess skin?
How much weight could be lifted if an effort of 100 pound were applied?
Will push-ups alone help in fat reduction?
How can I get back into the shape I was in 5 years ago? I'm 25 years old. How much time is it probably going to take?
What exercise does the killer perform in the movie Faster?
How can I reduce 10 kg in 20 days?
What is a single exercise that combines aerobic and anaerobic activity?
Will I be stronger than an average person after losing weight if I do body weight exercises while I am fat?
If you could only do two chest exercises, which two would you do?
Is it safe and healthy to do heavy weight squat for a person with flat feet and overpronation?
Why is exercising indoors better than exercising outdoors when there is high ozone concentration in the air?
Should I do cardio/HIIT for 1-2 months then weights?
What’s more important, an 8 hour good night sleep or exercising in the morning?
Which exercise can I do when I am following a diet?
What modality of fitness training makes you the leanest? (Assuming you have a clean nutrition plan).
What kind of body and muscles can you get with only a bodyweight workout?
What's the difference between being fit and going to the gym?
What exercise is the quickest way to lose weight?
Are there any good gym exercises to improve sitting posture?
Does exercising push ups and muscle building exercises but not weight lifting will stunt my height growth?
What are the dos and don’ts for somebody who wants to start running to stay fit?
How can a person start exercising again after gaining a lot of weight and losing motivation?
How can I improve my cardio for boxing?
What should I do if my recruiter gave me false information to push me to sign up for the army?
Do push-ups help in increasing our body strength to be able to lift heavier weights?
Is exercise good for hypothyroidism?
How does exercise help addiction?
Is it bad to do squats when taking a shower?
Which exercise machines do you use at home for working out?
What kind of exercises do you need to do to get a bigger butt?
Why does leg workout takes most strength?
As a 14-year-old female starting to go out on 20-minute runs and basic fitness exercises semi-daily, what changes should I be expecting or noticing?
In terms of losing weight, is it better to go on a diet and not exercise as much, or to eat normally and create a strict fitness routine?
Does being tired after nine hours of sleep, following 30 minutes of exercise, indicate that one is unfit?
How long will it takes for me to touch my toes with daily stretching?
How can I lose fat and build lean muscle without counting macros?
Do leg muscles build stamina?
What is the best way to run so you don’t injure your knees?
What time of day is the best time to do a workout, i.e., weight training, or does it not make any difference?
Is it possible to increase “body width” for a 16-year-old?
Is a 21 out of 30 good on the Mensa workout good?
Is it possible to break someone’s hand with a handshake?
How do you get flat abs in a month?
How important are core abdominal strength, leg muscle strength, and arm strength in relationship with one another?
What should I eat at night (dinner) to reduce my belly fat?
I'm a 16 year old girl and just ran a 8:50 mile. I haven't done any physical activity in the last 2 years. How do I improve my mile time?
When I stand with my arms at my side and spin in circles, why do my arms lift up without effort?
How can I increase my stamina for running?
What ab exercises are bad for your back?
What are the best weight workout routines for rowing?
How does an ABS work?
Can you do fat burning and muscle building simultaneously?
What five weight training exercises would you choose for a full body routine?
Do I need to lift heavy weights in order to get a body like these?
The more I work out my biceps, the more my veins disappear. Is this normal?
Is it ok to have sex 4 or 5 times a week as a body builder?
What are the disadvantages of push-ups and pull-ups?
Why do we call Tse Mudra the exercise of three secrets?
How much exercise should I get each day if I work a desk job?
Does pure physical labor build muscle better than weight lifting?
Can anyone help me with a skit idea on yoga day?
How can a skinny 16 year old guy start getting in shape with just a pair of dumbbells, a pull up bar, and a treadmill?
Where do you recommend getting cheap yet pretty and comfy exercise / yoga attire in Singapore? Is JB worth travelling to for getting cheaper goods?
What is the relationship between reps, strength and mass?
What can you say about the RP-US Balikatan exercises?
How can I tone my arm muscles? How can I increase my muscle mass in my arms?
How do I acquire the ability to immediately understand math, without going through exercises?
Can I walk and go to the gym everyday?
Is reformer Pilates a good workout?
What is a good beginner workout for strength and muscle built?
Why do I get more tired from walking slowly than walking at a brisk pace?
How do I get lean at 5"1' and 22 years old?
How do I lose weight if I love beer and hate dieting?
What limits how fast humans can run?
Are the deadlifts and squats helping to reduce weight and burn fat?
Is it ok to run with sore muscles?
What's the best way to gain upper body mass without gaining lower body mass?
Is it possible to build overall body muscles and reduce belly fat at the same time?
How often should I do very heavy deadlifts for strength?
What are the best exercises to get a very lean body during Ramadan?
What kind of pull-ups or chin-ups work biceps the most?
Why do your hands shake after lifting weights?
What are the best exercises to grow your legs?
What's the best way to gain weight and start lifting?
Will having sex 4 to 5 times a week stop me from gaining muscle mass even though I train right?
What are wrong things in yoga, is it medically foolproof?
What happens when a female bodybuilder stops working out?
Is it dangerous to exercise on a day you haven't consumed much salt?
What can I eat before gym in the morning?
What's the ideal time duration for cardio exercise per day at the gym? This is for huge weight reduction for men.
How can I lose fat, get skinny, fit and healthy as a teenager and fit in my clothes?
What are the benefits of doing pushups? How does it help women? How many reps. should one do?
Can we go to the gym after swimming?
Is it normal that my left side of the body (legs, shoulders, arms, chest) is bigger than my right even though I'm right handed?
What should girls eat after a workout?
Is the lateral raise a push or a pull exercise?
If I don't sweat while riding my bicycle, does that mean I am not burning calories?
What is the best yoga exercise for excess weight loss?
How many calories does bending over backwards burn?
While doing dumbbell curls, should my arm be straight or bent? Should I engage my triceps while finishing a rep or keep my arm bent to keep the strain on it?
How can I get significantly fitter and leaner in a month?
What are the most effective leg workouts I can do at home to burn fat and tone my legs?
Which type of stretches are recommended for the beginners, dynamic or static?
How can I stay fit and healthy at home without going gym?
How many hours should I practice programming to avoid burning out?
It has been three weeks since I started running, but still I have knee pain when I try to run. How can I cure this?
What is the best exercise routine that may be done daily at home for 10 minutes for all round fitness?
What exercises can I do when I am suffering from a slipped disc?
Where can I see videos of meditation exercises online?
We've all heard people say that walking is just as effective as running in terms of exercise. Is this true?
Why does eating protein before a workout make you sweat more?
Is it possible to increase one’s chest from 70 to 81 in 4 to 5 months? How much does one need to workout?
Is it normal to not sweat during a workout?
How should I approach women after group cardio gym sessions?
As a female, how can I gain more muscle mass in my upper body? What are the best workouts?
How safe are fitness bands to wear all the time?
Who experiences an issue when working on math or chemistry problems where each question takes an incredibly long time to work out?
Why should I make time for exercise?
How much exercise must a heart patient do at age 70? What diet is recommended?
What 3 workouts can I do in my little apartment to stay in shape?
What is the difference between pick and lift?
What are some ways to stretch a tight latissimus dorsi?
What would be a training program for the whole body if I will hit the gym 3-4 times a week? I want to look like David Goggins.
What if you didn't eat much but didn't exercise? Would you still lose as much weight as if you exercised and didn't eat much?
What kind of workouts are for getting stronger without getting bigger (muscle mass) like the guys on America's Ninja Warriors?
After building muscle, can I maintain it by doing body weight exercises?
Why do those who do cardio most of the time yet very minimal weight lifting still build muscles and a nice body?
How does one prepare an allergy-friendly, fat-burning meal?
Is it bad if I do only weight training and no other type of exercise for a whole year? Would doing both weight lifting and cross country be better?
What are some good exercises to get rid of thick hips?
What is the damage to your body if you sweat profusely from exercise every day?
How often in a week should I hit the gym in order to get a bulky body?
Do my body muscles decrease if I don’t go to the gym for days?
What are the best exercise machines in Planet Fitness?
How should I get back into being active? Should I jump right back into lifting and running or should I start with something easier?
How can you perform aerial yoga at home?
Will eating significantly less get me a six-pack faster?
Is jumping on a trampoline good exercise?
Where can I get plain longline gym vests online?
Does cardio make you lose muscle?
What body proportions are best for endurance running?
What should I do to get fit as a teenager and get skinny, strong and healthy?
What are the risks of performing aerial yoga at home?
How can I start exercising after an accident?
What is the best training exercise for surfing?
Does doing high intensity sprints reduce the muscles?
If I work out and don't wipe away the sweat, making it seep back into my pores, will it render the workout useless?
What are some examples of aerobic and anaerobic exercises?
What are some examples of men's workout gear in 1990-1991?
How do I train effectively in Ramadan -Weightlifting?
How many of you have lost weight by doing yoga?
What is a good body weight workout schedule for a 7-Day period?
What is the best fitness center in the USA?
Does jumping rope create calf muscles and are they safe to use if I’m 40 ?
Do our height increase after the age of 17 if we do regular exercise?
How many hours is best to work out a muscle part when training to achieve muscle mass?
What streches can I do before crossfit?
Where do you recommend getting cheap, pretty and comfy exercise / yoga attire in Singapore? Is JB worth travelling to for getting cheaper goods?
Is it okay to do a wholebody workout everyday?
How can I push myself to go to the gym every day?
I dislocated my knee. What exercises can I do?
Does it count as exercise if it doesn't raise your heart rate?
How long and to what degree do you need to elevate heart rate in exercise?
What sorts of exercise do you not do?
Why do we feel fatigued before going for a workout?
Is a glass of red wine equivalent to an hour at the gym?
What are the best techniques to develop strong forearms?
What would happen if I missed a whole week of workout?
What is a good leg routine for a 5′7″ tall guy who weighs 60kg? My routine is in the details.
Which place is best for a morning workout, indoors or outdoors, in Laxmi Nagar?
How soon can you exercise after pericarditis?
If one can do 50 push-ups in one go, what does it tell us about his/her physical state?
How do I lose weight without dieting or cutting out my favorite foods, or exercising?
Which is the best Resistance bend exercise for men?
Should I workout if my elbow hurts whenever I fully extend it?
Is it better to first lose body fat and then build muscle or both at the same time?
How can I build my pecs and abs from home in two days?
Which is the good exercise for back pain?
If you can lift yourself up, can you lift your own weight?
What are some stretches I can do to be able to do the splits?
What exercises can I do to improve my reflexes?
How do exercise bikes help people lose weight?
What happens when a slightly obese man decrease his daily food intake by about ⅓rd and does regular weight exercise?
Where can I find out more about the workout app ginger that helps you find workout partners?
Why don't more people take ice baths after exercising?
Why can’t I lose weight even after brisk walking?
How do we even walk?
How can I distract myself from gym workouts to office work?
I’ve been going to the gym for the last month to build muscles, and I mean big muscles. When will I start seeing a big improvement?
How do I lose 40 kgs in 6 months without going to a gym, by doing exercise at home and running?
How do you adjust your workout routine when you are cutting weight?
Will there be a problem if I do weight training for full five days a week?
Is it advisable to go to the gym during periods?
Is it really important to wear a hat in the sun while running?
What is the best way for me to lose my last layer of body fat, but still gain muscle?
What exercise should I do to increase my leg muscles or leg diameter?
Why do most beginner work out programs have an excessive emphasis on squatting?
How many times should I do eye yoga exercises?
Why do we get so stiff after exercising? I am 64 and can barely move after too much exercising.
International Yoga day 2017, how is it relevant for us?
How does a foodie, who hates to exercise, lose weight?
How do I build leg muscles with light weight barbell squat?
What are the benefits of attending fitness classes?
What should my diet plan for six-pack abs be if I exercise/work out at home without equipment?
My G.I. Bill benefits will run out before I use it all. I did over 90 days of active duty in 2012. How do I reset the timer and extend my benefits?
Is working 1.5 hours on push/pull/leg program considering too long?
How many days can we stay fit without drinking?
I have been following some of the workouts suggested by you and lost close to 20lbs. How do I change my workout now to build a six pack?
Should I squat everyday if I want a bigger butt?
Will planking at random times help me get slightly leaner if I did it everyday?
What is the best plan to lose 10kg weight in 40 days?
What does fitness mean to you and how do you want to achieve it?
Will there be any side effects if I sleep just after my morning exercise in the summer?
Should I workout before or after studying as a high schooler?
Should I be concerned that my right thigh makes these loud cracking sounds everytime I do a squat?
Is lifting weights enough to build my abs?
What is the best way to improve myself (in running)?
I'm experiencing extreme muscle pain from both arms and shoulders, due to a dumb workout, that has lasted for 3 days, what should I do?
What is the best workout method in 2 months?
Am I suppose to have my shoulders/arms completely relaxed when I walk or lift them slightly higher?
Is it possible to do more than 70 sit-ups in a minute?
Should a 60 year old join a gym?
What yoga posture helps with a hiatal hernia?
If you take steroids and do not exercise, what happens?
What are some ways to get your legs leaned out but muscular? I would like to stay fit but have thinner thighs.
What are the best jawline exercises?
How do I sew an accordion stretch panel, does the elastic have to be pre-stretched?
Is going to the gym good for the physique of a girl?
What is the best workout plans blog?
Is stretching important post-workout?
Where can I find good physics exercises to practise?
Can you give me a list of military exercises and how many of each to do?
Do I reduce height if I go to the gym?
What are the pros and cons of working out all seven days?
Is sleeping good after exercise?
How effective is the legs, bums and tums workout?
How do I start to workout? I am 20 years old, weight is 75 kilos, height is 5'9″, and have 34″ waist, and I don't do any workouts right now.
Why has yoga practice become popular recently? Why are there different methods of yoga?
How do I make people aware about the benefits of working out?
What are some arm workouts you can do without equipment?
What is the use of doing 100 ab crunches everyday?
What type of exercises can be done with a stretch band?
Is going to a gym the best way to get in shape? Or can you get in shape by just using your own body and minimal equipment?
What are some diet and exercise programs that will allow a skinny woman to get curves?
Why are my muscles bigger after a workout?
How do I maintain my fitness and a healthy body?
Do you think I can get a full time front desk job at Planet Fitness if I'm not necessarily fit?
Why do you have numbness on your thumbs after working out?
What is the best time to do cardio (Walk, Jog and Running), before weights or after weights?
What is your typical golf warm-up routine?
I've exercised moderately every other day for a year. I'm 50+ years old. Will my muscles ever stop being sore?
Which stationary exercise burns the most per hour?
What is the simplest exercise/workout that is effective?
What are some ways to do weight training that'll help me get ripped when I won't have access to a gym because I'll be traveling long term?
It's been 110 days since I got an operation on my leg for a tendon that had ruptured. I'm still not able to put weight on my leg. Is that normal? What should I do?
Why is GoodLife Fitness so popular?
How should one plan, including diet, to run a 1,600 meters in 6:30 minutes?
What is the best exercises for jumping higher?
Can a fat person go longer without food than a fit muscular person?
What is a good workout for me, a 16 year old boy who doesn't work out?
How can I organise my notebook and the exercise solving on tests?
For strengthening and long term health of tendons and ligaments, are low reps more effective or high reps?
How do I use straps while doing a front barbell squat?
What was the experience like for someone who got into FIT?
Has the Hulk really lifted the weight of a star, as some people claim?
What are the most essential exercises a non-baseball player should focus on in order to start playing?
Will yoga help me reduce my BP?
How can I increase my stamina for any workout?
Which one should I do first, between gym and jogging?
How do you choose a jump rope for general exercising?
How can I get motivated to practice running and get fit as a teenager?
Should I workout everyday and how long if I'm weak and skinny?
Can I exercise while fasting in the month of Ramadan?
What is the best way to approach weight training for a man over 60?
What are the top 3 worst clientele for CrossFit boxes?
How can I work out (strength, muscle building) while on a trekking tour with no access to a gym?
What would have been the male equivalent of women's workout gear and neon during 1990 to 1991?
How do pros train their abs in the beginning of their career? Which exercises do they perform and how many days per week?
How do I remain fit and active, except by going to the gym?
As a body builder working towards achieving muscle mass, is it ok to have sex 4 to 5 times a week?
How important is a fit body in terms of survival and life expectancy?
How can I get bigger forearms?
How can I my keep my muscles stiff?
Is it bad to have a competitive mindset when I work out?
How much do you have to Squat in order to dunk?
What if I trek a hill every morning instead of going to the gym?
What is the difference between CrossFit and gym exercises?
Where should you start if you want to burn excess fat and do some toning up this summer? Is a cleanse recommended to start with, or are they purely a fad?
Can I start bodybuilding at 40?
How many push-ups, crunches, leg raises and squats should I do to lose 80lbs?
Why are some muscle builders so bulky yet still lack muscle definition even with very low fat ratio?
If you had a five minute break every day at work, how would you spend it?
What is the strength of strength?
Will my dog get ripped if I make it workout?
Which exercise machine is good to reduce stomach size?
Can a complete strength training program be built around kettlebell swings, the barbell deadlift, and bodyweight pull-ups?
How many times a week I can do full Sudarshan Kriya in follow up sessions? Is there any side effect if I do it 4 to 5 times a week?
What workout split works best for you?
What kind of exercise do I need to follow to reduce belly fat? My height is 170 cm and I weigh 96 kg. What can I do to reduce fat?
What should I do when I have done my exercise in the evening after eating and now my chest is painful?
If you get to know that you just have 10 more minutes to live, how will you spend those 10 minutes?
Should I do calisthenics or running as a teenager to get fit and skinny and healthy?
Why do some pains (e.g., the pain in the body after an intense workout, or when you are mentally hurt, or when you rub your gums together) feel good?
How do fitness centers like Crunch/Planet Fitness stay fresh smelling even with groups of sweaty people?
What should I do to improve my arm strength for push up?
How should I approach a gym buddy’s auntie?
How long should I stretch a muscle per day for better mobility and flexibility?
What are the best workouts to get big biceps?
What scaled down movements do you practice to increase your pull ups?
How long does it usually takes to add another inch on muscles with weighted bodyweight exercises?
Why is walking in the woods beneficial for your health?
How can I improve my endurance for soccer?
Is morning exercise good for slim guys?
Which is the best beginner gym workout routine to build muscle and lose fat for a 32 year old male?
How much time should I workout in order to make my body strong enough?
How can I start gym exercises?
What is the best workout to lose my belly fat and water retention? I already eat real food and fewer calories, and I do cardio and strength training.
What is a good kettle bell exercise to increase my chest size?
Its been 8 month since I stopped exercising. My body feels stiff, my hands and my rest of my body feels warm all the time. What can I do to get well?
Should I do calisthenics or practice running to lose, get fit and skinny as a teenager?
Does jumping rope make jumping faster? What is the idea of jumping rope?
Whats are the best exercises to build huge calves?
Are you wasting money on pre-workout?
Is exercise bad for you?
Can you build a muscular body through yoga, since essentially you are lifting your entire body weight by doing yogic asanas and exercises?
Is there any difference in the energy required or calories burnt while walking on a treadmill versus walking outdoors on firm ground?
What is the best way for a senior to strength train?
What results can be seen after doing 20 minutes elliptical trainer daily?
Does doing yoga alone could make a person slim and fit?
What has research shown about whether or not people can lose fat while building muscle?
What are some training ideas I can do to condition my body for traditional karate or any training at all?
What is the proper form for pull-ups and push-ups in the Air Force?
What are the benefits of training on sand for a runner?
Is running in place considered a vigorous exercise?
How can we get young people to do more exercise?
How can I achieve washboard abs and defined pectoral muscles at home?
What is a good weight bearing exercise for osteopenia?
Is it possible to lose weight and build muscle through weight training only?
What is the right exercise for a student for their brain, aerobics or bodybuilding? I can only give 30 minutes for a workout. Is it possible to gain mass?
What are the benefits Of Fitness And Exercise?
What’s the fastest you ever sprinted?
What is the perfect weekly schedule to reach my highest cardio potential?
Out of a heavy body and a lightweight body, which body falls down first?
What are the best exercises for my legs?
Do I still have a chance of widening my hips?
Why should you warm up before playing badminton?
How healthy are runners compared to fit and healthy people who exercise but don't run?
For a beginner, is it better to use your own body weight or lift weights?
What are the type of people who prefer indoor cycling as a form of exercise?
What factors are important in determining the length of time for breath holding when at rest during re-breathing and exercising?
Which exercises and other stuff do you recommend for making your booty grow? Can that happen?
I can bench 140kg (315lbs) weigh 96kg, deadlift 240kg & in the morning I can see slightly the top two abs, why do I not have a chest?
Which are the best 1, 2 or 3kg dumbbells for arm exercises for women?
What is the best exercise for a flat stomach?
What builds more mass in weightlifting? More reps and less sets or less reps and more sets?
If I do at least 200 squats a day for 10 days, will I see any results in my butt?
Is it bad to do extra cardio in the morning & later hit the gym in the evening that includes weights & cardio?
Shouldn’t the Indian police maintain fitness standards even for regular service members since most lose track of fitness once they get selected?
Is it good to eat a boiled egg before my workout?
Can an employer round up hours if less then 30 minutes?
What are some side effects for 16-year-old boys who go to gym?
What workout split would be best for someone in the military that requires all around fitness, and incorporates at least 3 days of cardio?
Can a 13-year-old boy perform push-ups? Are there any side effects?
What is it like to be in a workout video?
Is it possible to rent an empty small room for an hour?
How can I build my body to be like Arnold’s?
Does a vacuum in space get stronger and stronger?
I have had an ACL replacement. What leg exercises should I do, and which ones should I avoid?
How can women get a lean and muscular physique?
If you could only have one fitness/exercise machine, would it be a rowing machine, cycling machine, or something else?
Which diet should I take to stay fit and increase stamina?
How can I get shredded at home in two days?
Is it ok if all I do is work out at the gym and sleep it off? I'm extremely frustrated with everything.
What are the differences in calorie burning in walking and biking?
Are drugs more effective when you're physically fit?
What is the best way to stay healthy exercising while on a diet?
Is there any actual advantage or disadvantage of having eight pack abs or four pack abs rather than six?
How can I stop being lazy and get motivation to run and get fit and skinny?
While doing kegel exercises, I used to get pain in my legs. Am I doing them right?
How will you feel after Juventus legend Buffon lifts the UCL 2017?
What exercises should one do on the first day of gym?
How heavy is too heavy to stop growth?
Which PSU has no physical fitness test?
Would it be possible to get hired as a fitness trainer without a two-year diploma?
What are the best things to eat when one is gymming?
What is a physical workout routine that a 14 year old NDA aspirant should follow?
I want to look fit on my 20th birthday. I have 7 months and I am starting my workout. What should I do for my diet, being from an Indian household?
What are the reasons to feel shortness of breath and sweating while excercising?
What is the best exercise for a 15-year-old guy like me?
I had lost weight on my upper body and thighs except my belly! What kind of exercise should I focus on now?
Will doing 30 wide shoulder push-ups daily have a good result?
What exercises are the best if one has to lose abdominal muscles and a bulky belly after pregnancy?
What's the most guaranteed way to lose fat without using the gym?
How can I strengthen ciliary muscle of the eye and delay its fatigue?
What is the best exercises for bad knees?
What are some good tips for a beginner who wants practice yoga?
What is the best abs workout for visible abs when you have 12% and below of fat?
How I can prepare for running?
If pushups on a carpet will limit your gains (I've been told), wouldn't doing them on a yoga mat or on grass have the same effect?
What should be one's workout intensity to maintain shape once they've reached their health goal?
What is a simple yet rewarding and effective exercise routine that I can do in the morning?
Is doing a one-hour continuous workout better or is it better to do a 20-minute workout 3-times a day?
I am lifting weights for over 5 months and taking whey isolates, but do not seem any gain in my muscles. What am I doing wrong?
When is a good grade to start weight lifting?
Do squats help you develop abs?
How has yoga changed your life?
Do you consider yourself as an athelete if you're a bodybuilder who lifts 5-6 times a week?
How can one lose belly and butt fat?
Can I workout with dumbbells after a meal?
Why don't I feel my pull-ups in my arms and back, but I feel them in my core the next day? (I'm training to failure for three sets.)
Why is there only one set of deadlifts on starting strength?
What kinds of nutrients does a muscle need to repair after a workout and to get bigger?
Which exercises are best for the butt if I have hip dysplasia and bad knees?
What's a good routine for a full workout at a gym?
Are my running times good?
I run every day. I weigh 105 lbs. How much will I lose?
How should I reduce weight without hitting the gym?
Besides weight loss, what are the benefits of daily exercise?
Is there any way I can improve my mental stamina?
Who is the best female fitness model in the USA?
What is a good plan for senior fitness?
How do you workout and eat during Ramadan?
Can reducing butt fat change the shape of men’s hips?
How many squats should one do for quick results?
What should I do first, running or exercise?
Could I develop a lot strength in two years training five days a week?
What are the benefits of assisting an advanced yoga class?
Does a gym give strength?
What are some good basic exercises for a 14 year old to do inside?
I have been having a sore lower back, which just escalated with a level-up on a dead-weight rep. Should I just keep applying heat and wait it out?
How often should one do street workout?
What is the best way to go from flabby legs to toned legs?
Do I need a gym membership in order to lose fat and gain muscle?
Should I give blood after running for 4 miles?
What is the main disadvantage of circuit training?
When you take methadone for pain, can you exercise again?
Is it okay to drink 1 scoop of Protein Powder weight gainer after a home workout?
In what order should one train strength and endurance?
Can I get fit body just by walking one hour a day?
Will stretching to increase hip flexibility help increase my vertical jump?
I'm 15 and I want to lose thigh fat and gain upper body strength. What's a good workout plan for me?
Is 6 minutes and 23 seconds a good mile time for a 13 year old?
Is there any free workout and nutrition regimen website or app with feedback for getting fit?
Being that high AST and ALT levels are the result of dying muscle tissue, could a recent, extremely high impact exercise routine be the cause of the elevation?
Does aerobic exercise help in migraine?
Which is the best fitness band for under Rs. 1500?
What are some of the best ab workouts at home and with no equipment?
What is the best exercise for monster, massive shoulders? Which supplements are best?
What is the best time to work out during Ramadan for rapid fat loss?
How do I train to be really good at cross country running?
What are the advantages of yoga in daily life?
Should I go to the gym today? It's rainy and cold, and I haven’t been there in a couple of weeks. I’m thinking of ordering pizza?
Can I get a full-body workout with a 45lb kettlebell?
How do I transform my body like Sahil Khan?
What's a good exercise to reduce belly fat and obtain a toned stomach, besides the obvious crunches?
How do I decrease weight without doing any exercises?
How does one transition into eating two meals per day and exercising again without screwing up their metabolism?
What are the best exercises for meralgia paraesthetica?
I'm having 5 small meals a day and I lift weights, but I'm not losing the bellyfat for my abs to be visible. I'm not fat. What am I doing wrong?
Is there any standard workout routine for Ectomorphs?
How do I do cardio excercise at home without any equipment?
I have a bad physique but I want to stay fit and not getting motivated towards it. What should I do?
What is the best outfit for ladies going to the gym in India, and where can we get it?
Should reservations be lifted?
How come guys at the gym can see through a woman’s workout clothes if she’s wearing a thong?
Does Gold’s Gym provide food to their members?
Which exercises will give you broad shoulders without going to a gym?
What is the best way to get a muscular body like a male model?
What is the importance of aerobic activities?
Is it okay to extra train arms and shoulders other than in the gym?
Why is no contact so difficult? I just white-knuckled it for 30 days. What now, white-knuckle it for another 30 days?
Is a toning tube useful for full body making?
How do I work out at home to build a six-pack?
Is masturbation OK after 1 hour of working out in the gym?
Would an exercise routine of squats and pull-ups for two hours a day, six days a week be enough for a 'fit' body?
What is one tip you have for me to make my deadlift get stronger?
Is it true that the airways alternately constrict, as is said in yoga?
Is it advisable to do 100 pushups in a row or can I do the same using 4 sets of 25 reps each?
If the unathletic male with a big belly loses weight due to stretching and exercises, will he be able to learn & practice parkour and martial arts?
How do I do pullups/chinups?
How do I build a bubble butt?
My upper chest is not flat. It kind of bulges out. How do I correct it?
Is jogging for two minutes then walking for eight and doing that for twenty minutes good?
Why does exercising make my chest flat? How can I make my boobs bigger?
How do seniors usually commute if they want to leave their homes, for example, to participate in a fitness program?
After how many days can eyes be cured by yoga?
How would I get abs as soon as possible?
Is it possible to start a mus cell building with Headlock Muscle?
What are some good workout videos for a man in his 50's to lose weight?
What are the best-kept secrets about exercise, fitness, body building, and working out?
Why is it important to stretch after exercise, what happens if I don't?
How do I train for 8k run?
Is there any exercise to gain weight?
How can I make my stomach flatter in a week?
Why do we swing our arms while walking?
Is it good or bad to exercise in the summer?
What kind of exercise can lazy people do?
Which algorithm is used by applications to count calories burned? How do treadmills and other gym machines count calories burned?
Do I have gynecomastia or is it just chest fat? I'm 18 years old, 6′1″, and 81kg.
What should be the exercise routine for a thin, musical Indian 16-year-old guy with a tummy to have a healthy body in one month?
What is the best workout routine for a beginner focused on fitness?
Why do my legs feel shaky after exercise?
What’s the best arm and forearms routine?
Is Musli helpful for gym freaks?
What kind of exercise will get me a body like Cameron Dallas?
Is Endura mass good while doing calisthenics?
Which it the best fitness center?
Do you ever struggle with staying committed to running? What's your biggest motivation?
What are some good exercises to perform on piano to help improve articulation?
Is it advisable to do 100 pushups immediately followed by bench press (20-25 reps with light weight)?
What are the best exercises for men over 40?
How can I feel a runner's high again?
Would a recumbent bike result in big calf muscles?
How can I start gym exercises for good health?
Is it OK to have sex after a workout?
What's the difference between HICT, HIIT, HIRT, SMIT, HIVT, and VIIT?
How many times should an adult masturbate in a week?
What is the use of pull up and pull down resistors in a micro-controller?
What do handstands exercise?
What is aerobic endurance in football?
What is a good home workout trying to get lean muscle? I don't have dumbells or weights at my house.
How long does it take until muscle mass starts to go down after not working out?
How are athletes muscles so defined?
How can I build a stronger chest?
How can a percussionist train their arms and upper-body strength?
Do you absolutely hate going to the gym?
What workout do you use to train for the 300 meter hurdles?
Does my cardio routine (30 minutes on the treadmill, alternating 1 min intense exercise with 3 min rest) meet the criteria for effective HIIT?
What are gym membership fees per month in Copenhagen for weightlifting?
Will bodybuilding make women's legs bulky? If not, then why do fitness pros (like Nikki B etc.) have big legs?
How can I get fit and skinny as a high schooler?
Should you train rear delts on a pull day or push day?
I can do a pistol squat with my left leg but not with my right. Is this because I'm a right handed fencer?
Can men wear slim fitting jackets for interviews?
I want to build a fitness software application. What are people's worst pain points when getting into shape? Workout planning, nutrition, etc.?
Could you actually get stronger by lifting a calf every day until it becomes a bull?
Should I draw mind maps and do exercises instead of just reading and doing exercises to get better grades in high school?
If exercising a lot keeps you young and is anti-ageing, then why do many who work out have a lot of wrinkles?
How do I convert my excess belly fat into useful muscle?
What is the name of a small engine that can lift 100 kg of weight?
Can you build muscles without cardio?
How do weight bearing exercises actually help bones?
If a man never works out, what will happen to him? Will he live a shorter life than the men who work out regularly?
Is cycling better than running to reduce thigh fat?
How do I keep energy after intense workout?
If at the 'full expression' of a yoga pose the yogi is supposed to be relaxed, why do teachers' dialogs still invoke intensity and hype (push, push!)?
Can one build upper pectorals without an incline press?
What might cause tremors after exercise?
How do I exercise?
What are some effective excersises I can implement into my workout routine that will speed up my progress towards a one arm pull up?
How can I begin the business in yoga?
Should I still workout my chest if it is sore?
What's a good sprinting workout plan?
Which exercise is preferable for a 17-year-old beginner?
Is it bad that I masturbate twice a day?
What are the best effective ways to burn belly fat for men?
What is the best fitness method to get stronger over a span of 2 months?
Is 5-exercise 5-set 5-rep workout any good?
Is it enough to do a 10 minute bodyweight exercise and then run for 10 to 15 minutes to lose weight and belly fat?
What is the best chest exercise for a nice, muscular chest?
If doing Olympic-style powerlifting workouts increases your muscles, why do bodybuilders work out using a split system?
Have you ever felt more tired than usual during a resting time while not working out?
What home workouts are good for 400m dash preparation?
What should you do after running?
What exercises are there to lose belly, hip, and thigh fat?
Should I study for maths by doing exercises or by studying examples and figuring out how to solve similiar exercises?
Is it okay to walk in the morning and go to the gym in the evening and do yoga?
Can we practice​ yoga after 6 in the evening?
Can a women have a flat stomach after delivery?
Can I lose weight if I can't leave tea, oil and snacks? If so, how?
What are scarecrow exercises?
Is it okay to train twice per body part per week?
What is the optimal work-out schedule for curls?
When getting sun exposure, should I do it 15 minutes without a break, or can I do it 10 minutes in the morning and 5 minutes in the afternoon?
How can I get flat abs in 6 weeks?
What are some good stretches to improve flexibility?
How many days does it take the shoulders to recover after workout?
Will lifting heavy weights or less weight help for chest-building?
What is it like to work as a fitness professional overseas? I am already familiar with the rub of what being a fitness professional in the US is like.
How can I workout and not be sore?
Why is walking considered a good exercise?
Why is it that when I try to do simple stretches, I feel like I'm pulling something in my leg?
Are all those exercises to help your back just a scam?
Is it bad for someone who weight lifts not to have a calorie surplus?
What are some quick stretches for my whole body to do every morning?
Is it okay to do both swimming and gym after 50?
At what height from the ground should I place the pull up bar?
How can a skinny 16-year-old guy start getting in shape with just a pair of dumbbells, a pull-up bar and a treadmill?
I want to get stronger and more muscular by doing push-ups, pull-ups, and sit-ups. How many reps and sets should I do everyday?
Where can I find a great step aerobics class in the East Bay (Oakland, Ca)?
Why are handstands good?
Once you've run an ultramarathon, does running shorter distances (5-10 miles) feel easy?
What exercise would you suggest for a woman to lose thigh fat?
Is it possible to build a fitness-model-like body in 9 months naturally?
Why can't I seem to lose body fat, even though I exercise, am very active, and I am nursing two babies?
Why do some people have small hips and big thighs?
What kind of gym do most med students go to (e.g., CrossFit/usual gyms/boxing)? How long & how many times a week do they go to the gym to maintain their daily study schedules?
What would you recommend about running daily on road (tarmac)?
If the penis is a muscle, why can't it be exercised to get bigger?
How can I go to a gym without losing my cheeks?
How much excercise is considered excessive?
Can a girl start playing physical sport, like wrestling or weightlifting, at the age of 25, with the aim of winning medals?
I hate exercising. What's the most effective exercise routine I could follow for the shortest amount of time where I will get the most benefits?
How can I keep doing exercise if I'm not eating well?
How many calories does strength training burn?
Is running on treadmill enough to lose weight?
How can I practice mantras and yoga at home?
Is increasing reps/sets the same as increasing the weight? Which is better, increasing sets or reps, and by what amount? And how long before we increase them?
What are some examples of muscular endurance?
What is the best way to get in shape for capoeira classes in three months?
How long should I exercise/workout when time isn't an issue?
When you are working out what do you do to get over the hump?
Can intense muscular exercise cause acute health problems in otherwise healthy individuals?
Is it true that increasing the repetitions of workout and not the weight helps in building cuts?
Which workout will broaden my upper body frame?
What are the ways to promote group fitness classes?
Do workouts affect growth?
Will running help lower body weight?
Running is the best thing for me to keep my mood in check. It's my hobby. How can I improve muscle gain at gym and not cut my running?
Can I do body weight exercises after intense weight training?
When you burn body fat, do you burn saturated mono- and polyunsaturated fat in equal amounts, or is there a preferential one?
How can I get fit, healthy, strong and skinny as a teenager?
Is it possible to be obese yet remain healthy or physically fit?
Which are the best chest exercises to develop the outer pectoral muscle?
How many times a week should I go to the gym and for how long?
What are some healthy food habits and exercises for full time working professionals to lose weight?
How does Akram Khan stays consistent in his workouts?
What can pilates do for your body?
What do you do when your pet does yoga?
Which kind of stretching exercise should I avoid if I have lower back pain?
Do pelvic muscles exercises really work for men?
What kind of stretches are preferable in the morning, static or dynamic?
How many days a week do I do sprints to burn fat? For how long do I do the sprints? I lift weights, and I'm 42 years old.
Is a single mile in 8 minutes for a 5'7" 44-year-old male with a 28 BMI and a stocky build a good time?
After an exercise, I felt like throwing up and my vision became very bright, like the grass was glowing neon green. Does anyone know why it occurred?
Why I am not able to lose weight even after 2 years of doing continuous exercises?
Which are the best exercises for overall growth of the body of a 15-year-old boy?
What happens if you run 1 mile everyday for a year?
What is the point of exercise if my face is hideous?
Is lifting 30kg weight 20 times and 20kg 30 times the same?
Which causes losing weight fast, aerobic exercise or machines?
Which is better, gym or functional training?
What is the best form of exercise?
How do film stars makeover their body in months?
What is the minimum number of days a beginner (slightly unfit) must work out to gain little biceps?
How can we be fit mentally and physically?
Should I continue training my chest?
How many miles should I run a week?
Can I lengthen my neck with exercises?
What is better: a push/pull split or a body part split?
Will weightlifting stunt height growth?
How can I make my right shoulder lift up as far as the left while walking?
Is it bad to always wipe your sweat while exercising?
Does Jocko Willink really workout 7 days a week every morning?
What is a valid excuse for wanting to switch out a swimming semester in HS with another activity for physical education?
Is drinking on a regular basis (4-6 pegs) OK if you work out and do cardio 6 days a week (5 mile jog)?
How do some guys get so strong without ever hitting the gym?
What are the best outfits for workout for a female (it would be helpful with images)?
How do I run the 400 meter dash properly?
What is a good example of a low impact cardio for bad knees?
Is only working on my upper body at the gym harmful if I run and bike frequently?
Does working out make your shoulders broader?
What is the difference between a morning walk and going to the gym? Which one should be preferred, and why?
I had a leg workout two days ago and it still hurts to lock my knees and flex my quads. Is this bad?
I am 50, I want to increase my baseball throwing speed, what exercises should I do?
What are some absorbing hobbies I can do at home? I have struggled my whole life with being bored at home. I read, exercise, and play backgammon.
Is group pilates class safe and effective in the gym?
What conditioning or other exercise can I do to improve my fitness in this arena?
How can I be more fit?
What's a good body weight percentage for a dead lift?
What are some beginner basketball training exercises that can be done at home with no hoop (female)?
How did CrossFit generate its initial traction? How did it go from the original gym to the first 20 locations? What were the triggers?
Why did the finger wrinkle after swimming?
Is doing thirty 1-minute sessions of exercise per day as beneficial as doing one 30-minute session per day?
What am I supposed to eat after a workout when I am on a diet?
How long should I stay in gym?
What is the difference between a bulk body and a lean body?
What is the best form of functional exercise?
is drinking a cold smoothie after a workout good or bad?
What do I need to do at home to get my abs to show if I'm already skinny?
How long should an individual exercise their mind each day to keep from regressing in IQ?
What are the best exercises to improve mobility of the shoulder joint? I get pain if I try to touch my right scapula with my left hand from behind.
What body weight is enough to make you feel heavy against a push?
Is it good to do a workout after consuming food? If not, why?
What is more important, to have a strong and fit body or a clever brain?
Is a 15 km walk per day enough to lose a stone (14 pounds or 6.35 kg.) in 6 weeks, along with a good diet?
How do I maintain flexibility of my body when I'm working out regularly?
How do I become happy as a teenager and get good grades and get fit?
What if a fit man stops exercising?
Is there an easy way to fix text neck posture?
What should I avoid eating before intense cardio training to stop me from needing to poop?
Which is best, walking, jogging, swimming, cycling, skipping, running, going to the gym or doing yoga?
If I do no other exercises besides squats, will my body look weird because I'll have a huge ass and no other muscles?
What is the best aerobic workout to follow online?
What are some agility exercises examples?
What is the correct way to work out the result of 899½-998¾?
What’s your exercise of choice when you are limited on time?
Which is the best fitness band under 1500?
How do I maximize my endurance (running) within 9 days?
Which sport is better to get a fit body, swimming or going to the gym?
What should be the sequence for yoga, Pranayam and meditation?
How many sit-ups would a person have to do in a single night to see results the next day?
How do one start exercising after a C-section?
Where can I get online training (preferably free) for doing full body work out and gym exercises, including diet?
Which one jumps faster, a guy without a jump-rope or a guy with a jump-rope?
Is it a good idea for me to start Capoeira when I have scoliosis?
What exercises can help to reduce stiffness in my broken wrist?
What food should I buy at a QuikTrip before an intense leg workout?
What is the function of the muscles in one’s arm and legs?
How do you motivate yourself to exercise when you're already happy with the way you look?
What are some great strength training exercises that can be done anywhere?
Which sport is good for full body tone and fitness football or athletics?
Did stretching, hanging, sprinting or any sort of exercise work for you to grow taller? If so, how?
Which pranayama and yoga poses are recommended for someone who has already quit smoking?
How can I tell whether my kettle bell is the right weight for me?
I am 29 yrs old, have belly fat. Now I want to loose this belly fat along with growing muscle & proper shape of body. Is it possible at this age?
How many times in a week should I train my chest in order for it to get bigger?
What are the benefits of getting Yoga Certification?
Where can I learn about losing weight without dieting and exercising?
How can I do 20 push-ups in 4 days? I currently do about 15.
How do I know if I am gaining muscle?
Which exercise reduce tremor?
How do I do cardio exercise at home without equipment and increase stamina?
How can anyone overcome plateau in muscle development and strength?
What are the 10 components of fitness?
Where can I be trained in squats in Bangalore?
Is EMS fitness safe?
Once my abs become visible and muscular, will it be hard to maintain them that way?
What is a way to reduce the breadth of only the lower body, especially thighs, but not the upper body?
Can we train forearms with arms?
Does walking help build running stamina?
Which exercises are good for sex?
How can I improve my stamina and strength?
If you run 3 miles one day and then another 3 miles the next, would you burn the same number of calories as if you ran 6 miles in one day?
Can I do wholesaling in New Jersey without a real estate agent license?
How can I build muscle at home with a pair of dumbbells 15kgs each and doing pushups?
How long will it take to notice a difference from working out 20 minutes a day?
Could I lose fat with cycling (while growing up)?
If you do not exercise, but eat healthy, how much protein should you eat?
How do I wake up early in the morning, in hot summers, to exercise and not feel lazy?
Is it bad for men to have soy protein (more specifically after weight lifting)?
Is there a way to lose belly fat without eating healthy and exercising?
How long does it takes to get rid of gynecomastia by exercising?
How do I grip the bar on a back squat?
What is a good fitness routine for a musician especially a guitarist?
Does your body initially reject exercise when you begin a serious regime?
How many months does it take for a complete body transformation if we do gym workouts for 2 hours a day, 6 days a week?
Should I draw mind maps of exercise solving instead of plainly solving exercises to get better grades in physics and maths?
What are some good shoulder workouts?
My legs are too skinny compared to my upper body, so what are the best leg workouts to build heavy and thicker legs?
As a person with little free time to experiment, what yoga poses should I do every day to ensure I'm healthy?
What's the best app for running? I'm doing interval training on hills and runs on greenbelts between mapped streets, and this confuses Strava.
Which is better, doing mat exercises or going to the gym?
I’m starting my workout and wonder how many days/weeks it will be until I can see muscle growth?
What are some very simple free-hand exercises for absolute beginners at home?
How long and how often should I exercise to see some serious muscle gains?
Can Sennheiser wireless headphones be used for workouts in the gym?
Why do so many people get hurt when they practice Ashtanga Yoga?
How much should you rest in a day?
As a fitness beginner, I am having a little trouble lifting weights. I can do about 10-12 reps of dumbbell curls on my right hand, but not on my left. Why?
What's the best way to lose weight slowly? I work away a lot, so I stay at a hotels. I don't do any exercises at the moment, and I'm currently 5'9 at 270 lbs.
How can I make myself a faster runner?
What is cardio exercise?
Which would be better for getting sixpack, full body circuit or abs exercises with cardio?
Is it possible for a 40+ age fit man to 'start over' and build muscle and tone up?
Should we do cardio before weights? Or cardio after weight training?
What does Akram Khan’s current workout and diet look like?
How do I learn CrossFit without a trainer?
How can I maintain my physical fitness while I'm over 60?
What are good stretches to do every day to train towards the splits (center, left and right)?
How do I lose belly fat without exercise? I'm too lazy.
Is it true that you train push-ups daily without resting?
What else can I do to loosen up my calves?
How can I lose fat, get fit, get strong, get skinny and stop eating junk food as a teenager?
What is the best way to workout at home without using weights or going to the gym?
Is it true that Dwayne Johnson works out at 4am?
Is there an exercise which can replace sit-ups? I've heard they have a high body DMG percent.
What are the benefits of performing aerial yoga at home?
How do I get veiny abs?
Is weight lifting good to lose weight?
How can I develop muscles without going to the gym or using any weights?
How do I make my back thighs bigger?
Is there any advantage doing seated upper body exercises versus standing? Don't you use more muscles while standing, making it more of a compound exercise?
What are some upper body workouts if you’re so weak you can't do a push up?
What are the preferred timings to do yoga?
Is it good if I run for 30 minutes, stop a little bit, then carry on running?
Will there be any changes if I don’t go to the gym for 20 days?
What is the best way of acquiring a good body physique if you are thin?
What is a good, short morning stretching routine that stretches most muscles?
Why am I having aches and soreness when I work?
What is the physiological reason as to why each post-knee-surgery exercise hurts initially for 2-3 days, then stops, until the difficulty is increased?
What if I train every part of my body including calves except my abs?
Can I do running along with my gym? I am doing gym in mornings and running at evening and I am a vegetarian.
If you do 20 push ups every day for 3 months, how much fat would you lose in your chest area?
How helpful is aerobics when combined with cardio and strength training?
Which bodyweight workout is suited for skinny men?
Can weightlifting rejuvenate?
How much do you walk on average every day?
How can I work out to exercise my weak wrists and forearms to make them very strong ones?
What are the most useful exercises to do early in the morning?
How can I build my stamina for a long hike?
Will I gain muscle faster if I have a fitness coach?
Is gym good for women?
Why do I have veiny abs?
How can I build a massive chest with heavy weights?
How can I lose the flab on my stomach?
If the miltary press is too hard on my rotator cuff due to arthritis, what other exercises could I do?
Will strengthening my toes and ankles increase my vertical jump and running speed?
What is the purpose of aerobic exercises?
Does badminton count as a mild strength training exercise?
What are the simple but important exercises I should do if I am a teenage girl?
What are great exercises for building muscle while losing body fat without using weights?
What are some good workout routines for a rowing machine?
Is it necessary to take protein powder when doing a gym workout?
What are some examples of historic/ancient yoga exercises?
Is lifting weights enough to burn fat?
Does strength training burn the same amount of calories as cardio to lose weight?
How can I build muscles if I have a coronary heart disease?
What books do you recommend for nutrition plans, workout routines, and getting a healthy, ripped body?
I almost have a full beard at 16. Do I have lots of testosterone, which is good for weightlifting?
Do I have to lose fat to build muscle?
How many KM does one have to run to lose weight?
Running on tread mill is not good for knees but why sports persons get train on tread mill?
How can I lift and tone flabby arms with a workout? How long does it take? Is it really effective with excess skin?
How much volume work for each and every muscle?
Will our stomach increase if we stop doing abdomen exercises?
How do I lose belly fat without going to the gym? It would be great if workout schedules along with diet plans could be shared.
How many pullups should I be able to do? Do these exercises help?
How much weight could be lifted if an effort of 100 pound were applied?
Is it normal to yawn when you're at the gym working out?
Will push-ups alone help in fat reduction?
How can I get back into the shape I was in 5 years ago? I'm 25 years old. How much time is it probably going to take?
How do I get abs while I'm eating a lot to get bigger too?
What exercise does the killer perform in the movie Faster?
How can I reduce 10 kg in 20 days?
What is a single exercise that combines aerobic and anaerobic activity?
Will I be stronger than an average person after losing weight if I do body weight exercises while I am fat?
Why aren't you exercising right now?
What are some examples of muscular endurance in sports?
If you could only do two chest exercises, which two would you do?
Is it safe and healthy to do heavy weight squat for a person with flat feet and overpronation?
Why is exercising indoors better than exercising outdoors when there is high ozone concentration in the air?
Should I do cardio/HIIT for 1-2 months then weights?
What’s more important, an 8 hour good night sleep or exercising in the morning?
How far can a person go with body weight exercises?
Which exercise can I do when I am following a diet?
What modality of fitness training makes you the leanest? (Assuming you have a clean nutrition plan).
What kind of body and muscles can you get with only a bodyweight workout?
Can anyone hold bicep dumbbells for 30 minutes without rest, given the dumbbells weigh 20kg (45lbs) each?
What's the difference between being fit and going to the gym?
What exercise is the quickest way to lose weight?
Are there any good gym exercises to improve sitting posture?
Does exercising push ups and muscle building exercises but not weight lifting will stunt my height growth?
What are the dos and don’ts for somebody who wants to start running to stay fit?
How can a person start exercising again after gaining a lot of weight and losing motivation?
How can I improve my cardio for boxing?
What should I do if my recruiter gave me false information to push me to sign up for the army?
Do push-ups help in increasing our body strength to be able to lift heavier weights?
Is exercise good for hypothyroidism?
How does exercise help addiction?
After five months of lifting, I'm defined but without mass. I've stopped running and I try to eat more. What's the best way for me to gain mass?
Is it bad to do squats when taking a shower?
Which exercise machines do you use at home for working out?
Why do my legs hurt after running?
Why do I get a rash when I exercise?
What kind of exercises do you need to do to get a bigger butt?
What can Pilates do for you and your body?
Why does leg workout takes most strength?
As a 14-year-old female starting to go out on 20-minute runs and basic fitness exercises semi-daily, what changes should I be expecting or noticing?
Is there any 4 day (or less) work out plans for irregular (shifts fall on different days every week) work schedules?
In terms of losing weight, is it better to go on a diet and not exercise as much, or to eat normally and create a strict fitness routine?
Does being tired after nine hours of sleep, following 30 minutes of exercise, indicate that one is unfit?
How long will it takes for me to touch my toes with daily stretching?
If someone gave you $20 to dance for 30 minutes, would you do it?
How do I strengthen my knees, to run everyday?
How can I lose fat and build lean muscle without counting macros?
Do leg muscles build stamina?
What is the best way to run so you don’t injure your knees?
What time of day is the best time to do a workout, i.e., weight training, or does it not make any difference?
Is it possible to increase “body width” for a 16-year-old?
Is a 21 out of 30 good on the Mensa workout good?
Should you look out on the Leg press?
Is it possible to break someone’s hand with a handshake?
How do you get flat abs in a month?
How important are core abdominal strength, leg muscle strength, and arm strength in relationship with one another?
What should I eat at night (dinner) to reduce my belly fat?
I'm a 16 year old girl and just ran a 8:50 mile. I haven't done any physical activity in the last 2 years. How do I improve my mile time?
What gym exercises should a fast bowler do? Should it be light weight heavy reps or heavy weight light reps?
What people suffering from arthritis can do to improve muscle strength other than weight lifting?
When I stand with my arms at my side and spin in circles, why do my arms lift up without effort?
How can I increase my stamina for running?
What ab exercises are bad for your back?
What are the best weight workout routines for rowing?
How does an ABS work?
Can you do fat burning and muscle building simultaneously?
What five weight training exercises would you choose for a full body routine?
Do I need to lift heavy weights in order to get a body like these?
The more I work out my biceps, the more my veins disappear. Is this normal?
How can I strengthen the muscles in my hand?
Does exercise alter the chemicals in the brain?
Is it ok to have sex 4 or 5 times a week as a body builder?
I took a spin class this morning and my knee started hurting after about 5-10 minutes. What was I doing wrong?
Are squats good for knees?
What are some good funk guitar exercises?
What are the disadvantages of push-ups and pull-ups?
What are some home remedies to stay fit?
Why do we call Tse Mudra the exercise of three secrets?
How much exercise should I get each day if I work a desk job?
What is the best exercise for helping reduce dizziness?
How important is strength to endurance?
Which is the best intra workout drink?
Does pure physical labor build muscle better than weight lifting?
Can anyone help me with a skit idea on yoga day?
What are the best exercices for a setter?
How do I reduce belly, side fat and man boobs naturally by exercising or yoga for an adult (age 23 years)?
What is the relationship between reps, strength and mass?
How can a skinny 16 year old guy start getting in shape with just a pair of dumbbells, a pull up bar, and a treadmill?
Where do you recommend getting cheap yet pretty and comfy exercise / yoga attire in Singapore? Is JB worth travelling to for getting cheaper goods?
How do I combine a pure push-ups training with "normal" gym?
What can you say about the RP-US Balikatan exercises?
How can I tone my arm muscles? How can I increase my muscle mass in my arms?
Why do I feel like puking or vomiting every time I complete a gym workout?
Will full body workouts everyday weaken or strengthen muscle?
How do I acquire the ability to immediately understand math, without going through exercises?
Can I walk and go to the gym everyday?
What workout routine can I do 3/4 times a week with just an adjustable weight dumbell (up to 105 on each) and a pull up bar?
Is reformer Pilates a good workout?
What is a good beginner workout for strength and muscle built?
What's the best treatment/exercise for a dual diagnosis of costochondritis and shoulder impingement with associated upper back pain?
How can I keep myself from getting chills after running?
Why do I get more tired from walking slowly than walking at a brisk pace?
How do I get lean at 5"1' and 22 years old?
How do I lose weight if I love beer and hate dieting?
How many calories does 20 minutes of running burn?
What limits how fast humans can run?
Are the deadlifts and squats helping to reduce weight and burn fat?
Is it ok to run with sore muscles?
What's the best way to gain upper body mass without gaining lower body mass?
How do I get really big muscles at home without gym equipment?
Is it possible to build overall body muscles and reduce belly fat at the same time?
How often should I do very heavy deadlifts for strength?
What are the best exercises to get a very lean body during Ramadan?
What kind of pull-ups or chin-ups work biceps the most?
Why do your hands shake after lifting weights?
What are the best exercises to grow your legs?
What's the best way to gain weight and start lifting?
Will having sex 4 to 5 times a week stop me from gaining muscle mass even though I train right?
What type of yoga is core power yoga?
What are wrong things in yoga, is it medically foolproof?
What happens when a female bodybuilder stops working out?
Is it dangerous to exercise on a day you haven't consumed much salt?
What are some good body-weight exercises to get infantry-style fit?
What can I eat before gym in the morning?
What's the ideal time duration for cardio exercise per day at the gym? This is for huge weight reduction for men.
Does it affect working out in summer?
How do I gain fat and muscle in certain areas with exercise?
How do I get/convince a very overweight friend of mine to go on a diet or to workout?
How can I lose fat, get skinny, fit and healthy as a teenager and fit in my clothes?
What are the benefits of doing pushups? How does it help women? How many reps. should one do?
Why does it seem that every fitness and bodybuilding instructor advocates against cardio training, when in fact it’s one of the best exercises you can do?
How does Prozac affect exercise performance?
How many miles could I walk/run in a day with a 40lb backpack?
Can we go to the gym after swimming?
Is it normal that my left side of the body (legs, shoulders, arms, chest) is bigger than my right even though I'm right handed?
What is the best way to increase muscle recovery time after a tough workout so you can continue exercising shortly after?
How do I get a great chest?
What should girls eat after a workout?
Is the lateral raise a push or a pull exercise?
What is the best exercise routine for a skinny 13-year-old?
If I don't sweat while riding my bicycle, does that mean I am not burning calories?
What is the best yoga exercise for excess weight loss?
How many calories does bending over backwards burn?
While doing dumbbell curls, should my arm be straight or bent? Should I engage my triceps while finishing a rep or keep my arm bent to keep the strain on it?
Does general exercise help RSI write injury from coding?
Can I lift weights 5 days in a row? I'm 42 years old.
How can I get significantly fitter and leaner in a month?
What is the core strength of your family? Why do you think it is so strong?
What are the most effective leg workouts I can do at home to burn fat and tone my legs?
Which type of stretches are recommended for the beginners, dynamic or static?
How can I stay fit and healthy at home without going gym?
How many hours should I practice programming to avoid burning out?
It has been three weeks since I started running, but still I have knee pain when I try to run. How can I cure this?
After I eat lunch, what can I drink/eat as far as bodybuilding supplements to lower my hunger until post-workout?
Is it normal to lose control of your body when stretching?
What is the best exercise routine that may be done daily at home for 10 minutes for all round fitness?
What exercises can I do when I am suffering from a slipped disc?
Where can I see videos of meditation exercises online?
We've all heard people say that walking is just as effective as running in terms of exercise. Is this true?
Why does eating protein before a workout make you sweat more?
Is it possible to completely transform yourself with just a few pairs of dumbbells and pull-up bars?
Is it possible to increase one’s chest from 70 to 81 in 4 to 5 months? How much does one need to workout?
Is it normal to not sweat during a workout?
How do you strengthen your middle section and bottom without excessive exercise?
After eating, how long should one wait before working out?
How should I approach women after group cardio gym sessions?
As a female, how can I gain more muscle mass in my upper body? What are the best workouts?
How safe are fitness bands to wear all the time?
Who experiences an issue when working on math or chemistry problems where each question takes an incredibly long time to work out?
When doing standard push-ups, does it matter if your elbows flare out when you go down?
Why should I make time for exercise?
How much exercise must a heart patient do at age 70? What diet is recommended?
What do you feel when seeing Suresh Raina seemingly being out of shape with a big tummy? Shouldn't he taken care of his fitness?
I get chills after running. Should I be worried?
Can I do light/moderate cardio while bulking?
What 3 workouts can I do in my little apartment to stay in shape?
How would doing 10 push ups and sit-ups a day affect my body?
What is the difference between pick and lift?
What are some ways to stretch a tight latissimus dorsi?
What would be a training program for the whole body if I will hit the gym 3-4 times a week? I want to look like David Goggins.
Should I feel the pump after working out my upper back?
What if you didn't eat much but didn't exercise? Would you still lose as much weight as if you exercised and didn't eat much?
What kind of workouts are for getting stronger without getting bigger (muscle mass) like the guys on America's Ninja Warriors?
After building muscle, can I maintain it by doing body weight exercises?
Why do those who do cardio most of the time yet very minimal weight lifting still build muscles and a nice body?
How does one prepare an allergy-friendly, fat-burning meal?
What's so bad about Planet Fitness?
Can we do gym in the early morning every day at AIT Pune in the first year?
What are some best music tracks for jogging?
Is it good for a single guy to masturbate 3 to 4 times a week?
Is it bad if I do only weight training and no other type of exercise for a whole year? Would doing both weight lifting and cross country be better?
What are some good exercises to get rid of thick hips?
What is the damage to your body if you sweat profusely from exercise every day?
How often in a week should I hit the gym in order to get a bulky body?
Do my body muscles decrease if I don’t go to the gym for days?
What are the best exercise machines in Planet Fitness?
How should I get back into being active? Should I jump right back into lifting and running or should I start with something easier?
How can you perform aerial yoga at home?
How can I stay motivated to exercise? I have good health and don't have any issues so I always talk myself out of it.
Can a female build up strength same as a male through weight lifting and exercises?
Will eating significantly less get me a six-pack faster?
Is jumping on a trampoline good exercise?
Is lifting heavy things an alternative to lifting weights, or does it break the muscle down?
Where can I get plain longline gym vests online?
Does cardio make you lose muscle?
How can you exercise in your bedroom?
What body proportions are best for endurance running?
What should I do to get fit as a teenager and get skinny, strong and healthy?
What are the risks of performing aerial yoga at home?
What should one prefer for a toned body, aerobics, Zumba, Pilates, yoga or weight training in the gym?
Does working out in the gym fight depression?
How can I start exercising after an accident?
What is the best training exercise for surfing?
Does doing high intensity sprints reduce the muscles?
Why do strength calisthenics (10-15 reps per set) make me more sore than weight training?
If I work out and don't wipe away the sweat, making it seep back into my pores, will it render the workout useless?
What are some examples of aerobic and anaerobic exercises?
What are some examples of men's workout gear in 1990-1991?
How do I train effectively in Ramadan -Weightlifting?
How many of you have lost weight by doing yoga?
What is a good body weight workout schedule for a 7-Day period?
What is the best fitness center in the USA?
Does jumping rope create calf muscles and are they safe to use if I’m 40 ?
Do our height increase after the age of 17 if we do regular exercise?
Can I quit gym and start doing only cardio?
How many hours is best to work out a muscle part when training to achieve muscle mass?
What is the correct time to go jogging?
What streches can I do before crossfit?
Where do you recommend getting cheap, pretty and comfy exercise / yoga attire in Singapore? Is JB worth travelling to for getting cheaper goods?
Is it okay to do a wholebody workout everyday?
How many calories does a female Olympic gymnast burn in a day?
How can I push myself to go to the gym every day?
I dislocated my knee. What exercises can I do?
How can I get out of running the mile?
Does it count as exercise if it doesn't raise your heart rate?
How does yoga help you to lose weight despite not using weights, much movement, or tiring physical activity?
How long and to what degree do you need to elevate heart rate in exercise?
What sorts of exercise do you not do?
Why do we feel fatigued before going for a workout?
Is a glass of red wine equivalent to an hour at the gym?
What are the best techniques to develop strong forearms?
What would happen if I missed a whole week of workout?
What is a good leg routine for a 5′7″ tall guy who weighs 60kg? My routine is in the details.
Which place is best for a morning workout, indoors or outdoors, in Laxmi Nagar?
How soon can you exercise after pericarditis?
If one can do 50 push-ups in one go, what does it tell us about his/her physical state?
What is the best fitness routine for teenagers?
How do I lose weight without dieting or cutting out my favorite foods, or exercising?
Which is the best Resistance bend exercise for men?
Should I workout if my elbow hurts whenever I fully extend it?
Is it better to first lose body fat and then build muscle or both at the same time?
How can I build my pecs and abs from home in two days?
Which is the good exercise for back pain?
I am 165 cm tall, and I weigh 44kg. I exercise twice/week and eat healthy, but somehow my body stopped changing. How can I gain muscle mass?
If you can lift yourself up, can you lift your own weight?
At 23% body fat and 155 lbs, what is more important for me in gaining abs, cardio or ab workouts?
What are some stretches I can do to be able to do the splits?
What exercises can I do to improve my reflexes?
How do exercise bikes help people lose weight?
What happens when a slightly obese man decrease his daily food intake by about ⅓rd and does regular weight exercise?
Where can I find out more about the workout app ginger that helps you find workout partners?
Why don't more people take ice baths after exercising?
Why can’t I lose weight even after brisk walking?
How do we even walk?
How can I distract myself from gym workouts to office work?
What are the best strength exercises for women?
What are the gym workouts for triceps?
I’ve been going to the gym for the last month to build muscles, and I mean big muscles. When will I start seeing a big improvement?
How is walking good for the heart?
Are a fast walk and a brisk walk the same thing?
How do I lose 40 kgs in 6 months without going to a gym, by doing exercise at home and running?
How do you adjust your workout routine when you are cutting weight?
Why does my squat improve more than my bench?
How does a big chest size help?
Will there be a problem if I do weight training for full five days a week?
Which is better, 300 burpees or 100 push-ups, 100 sit-ups, and 100 squats?
Is it advisable to go to the gym during periods?
Is it really important to wear a hat in the sun while running?
What is the best way for me to lose my last layer of body fat, but still gain muscle?
What exercise should I do to increase my leg muscles or leg diameter?
Why do most beginner work out programs have an excessive emphasis on squatting?
Does NSIT have a gym? If so, is it good enough to work out?
How many times should I do eye yoga exercises?
Why do we get so stiff after exercising? I am 64 and can barely move after too much exercising.
Is there any gym near CET, Bhubaneswar?
How much heat does a workout produce?
International Yoga day 2017, how is it relevant for us?
How does a foodie, who hates to exercise, lose weight?
How often can forearms be strength trained?
How do I build leg muscles with light weight barbell squat?
What are the benefits of attending fitness classes?
What should my diet plan for six-pack abs be if I exercise/work out at home without equipment?
My G.I. Bill benefits will run out before I use it all. I did over 90 days of active duty in 2012. How do I reset the timer and extend my benefits?
Is working 1.5 hours on push/pull/leg program considering too long?
How many days can we stay fit without drinking?
How can I gain muscle in my upper body as a competitive swimmer?
I have been following some of the workouts suggested by you and lost close to 20lbs. How do I change my workout now to build a six pack?
What are the differences between exercises to build strength and exercises to build muscle?
Should I squat everyday if I want a bigger butt?
Will planking at random times help me get slightly leaner if I did it everyday?
What is the best plan to lose 10kg weight in 40 days?
What does fitness mean to you and how do you want to achieve it?
Will there be any side effects if I sleep just after my morning exercise in the summer?
Should I workout before or after studying as a high schooler?
Can I build an aesthetic body without using weights and any equipment?
Is lifting weights enough to build my abs?
Should I be concerned that my right thigh makes these loud cracking sounds everytime I do a squat?
What's the best way to brush up my Mandarin with 3-4 weeks in China?
What are the best and easiest dishes for an obese person looking to begin losing 20kg of fat? I’m looking to lose weight before exercising.
Will short bursts of jump roping and sprinting increase my leg strength and endurance for MMA?
What is the best way to improve myself (in running)?
How does a chiropractor treat muscle imbalances without exercises?
I'm experiencing extreme muscle pain from both arms and shoulders, due to a dumb workout, that has lasted for 3 days, what should I do?
What is the best workout method in 2 months?
Am I suppose to have my shoulders/arms completely relaxed when I walk or lift them slightly higher?
How do I know I am jogging but not running?
Is it possible to do more than 70 sit-ups in a minute?
How do I start the process of being healthier and exercising?
Should a 60 year old join a gym?
What yoga posture helps with a hiatal hernia?
What is the perfect time for exercise?
Why are my thighs so large?
If you take steroids and do not exercise, what happens?
What are some ways to get your legs leaned out but muscular? I would like to stay fit but have thinner thighs.
I’m only 13. Is it possible to run 800 meters in 2 minutes and 30 seconds?
What are the best jawline exercises?
How do I sew an accordion stretch panel, does the elastic have to be pre-stretched?
Is going to the gym good for the physique of a girl?
What is the best workout plans blog?
Is stretching important post-workout?
What happens if we eat rice after workouts? Is it good or bad?
Where can I find good physics exercises to practise?
What is the supplement to lose weight fast?
Can you give me a list of military exercises and how many of each to do?
Should you stretch before you workout in a gym?
Apart from working out at the gym, how do men generally train (context: India)?
Do I reduce height if I go to the gym?
What are the pros and cons of working out all seven days?
Is sleeping good after exercise?
Why do I get chills after running?
If I do weight training 4 days a week but don't eat enough, will I be in danger of over training?
Is 41 push ups in one minute good for a thirteen year old male?
What exercises can I do at home to build muscle?
How effective is the legs, bums and tums workout?
How do I start to workout? I am 20 years old, weight is 75 kilos, height is 5'9″, and have 34″ waist, and I don't do any workouts right now.
Are high knees a vigorous exercise?
How do I make people aware about the benefits of working out?
Why has yoga practice become popular recently? Why are there different methods of yoga?
Is there an age which I should stop going to the gym?
How do I gain back my stamina after not running for a while?
What are some arm workouts you can do without equipment?
What is the use of doing 100 ab crunches everyday?
What type of exercises can be done with a stretch band?
Is going to a gym the best way to get in shape? Or can you get in shape by just using your own body and minimal equipment?
What are some diet and exercise programs that will allow a skinny woman to get curves?
Why are my muscles bigger after a workout?
Is doing 300 burpees per day a good workout?
What is the best exercise for a 59-year-old person?
How do I maintain my fitness and a healthy body?
Do you think I can get a full time front desk job at Planet Fitness if I'm not necessarily fit?
Why do you have numbness on your thumbs after working out?
What is the best time to do cardio (Walk, Jog and Running), before weights or after weights?
What is your typical golf warm-up routine?
I've exercised moderately every other day for a year. I'm 50+ years old. Will my muscles ever stop being sore?
Which stationary exercise burns the most per hour?
What is the simplest exercise/workout that is effective?
What are some ways to do weight training that'll help me get ripped when I won't have access to a gym because I'll be traveling long term?
It's been 110 days since I got an operation on my leg for a tendon that had ruptured. I'm still not able to put weight on my leg. Is that normal? What should I do?
Why do people walk to places instead of running?
Which exercises can increase our height after 18 years old?
Why is GoodLife Fitness so popular?
How should one plan, including diet, to run a 1,600 meters in 6:30 minutes?
What is the best exercises for jumping higher?
Can a fat person go longer without food than a fit muscular person?
What is a good workout for me, a 16 year old boy who doesn't work out?
How can I organise my notebook and the exercise solving on tests?
For strengthening and long term health of tendons and ligaments, are low reps more effective or high reps?
How will 8 minutes of sprinting and 45 minutes of swimming twice a weekend affect me physically?
How do I make time for workouts when I have a busy schedule?
Why does time seem to slow down during exercise?
How do I use straps while doing a front barbell squat?
What was the experience like for someone who got into FIT?
Which one is better for health, swimming or running? And how?
What should I eat before an insane workout?
Has the Hulk really lifted the weight of a star, as some people claim?
What are the most essential exercises a non-baseball player should focus on in order to start playing?
How do I get a feminine body at the gym without gaining too much muscle?
How can I improve my muscles without using equipment?
How soon is it safe for you to exercise after an asthma attack?
What are the requirements for an advanced yoga class?
Will yoga help me reduce my BP?
How can I increase my stamina for any workout?
Which one should I do first, between gym and jogging?
How do you choose a jump rope for general exercising?
How can I get motivated to practice running and get fit as a teenager?
Should I workout everyday and how long if I'm weak and skinny?
Can I exercise while fasting in the month of Ramadan?
What is the best way to approach weight training for a man over 60?
What are the top 3 worst clientele for CrossFit boxes?
I want to lose fat and gain muscle, should I set my macros to lose or gain weight?
How can I work out (strength, muscle building) while on a trekking tour with no access to a gym?
As a bodybuilder with a hunchback, what kinds of concerns should I have while lifting weights? What are the exercises I should/shouldn't be doing?
What would have been the male equivalent of women's workout gear and neon during 1990 to 1991?
How do pros train their abs in the beginning of their career? Which exercises do they perform and how many days per week?
Why do a lot of non-straight women have broader shoulders? Is it a biological reason linked to homosexuality?
Which technique is best to gain muscle size, more reps with low weights or less reps with high weights?
How do I remain fit and active, except by going to the gym?
As a body builder working towards achieving muscle mass, is it ok to have sex 4 to 5 times a week?
How important is a fit body in terms of survival and life expectancy?
How can I get bigger forearms?
How can I my keep my muscles stiff?
Is it bad to have a competitive mindset when I work out?
How much do you have to Squat in order to dunk?
What if I trek a hill every morning instead of going to the gym?
Is working your way out with exercises, not appropriate during your period bubs?
How many calories do I burn if I walk for 60 minutes or take 7,000 steps in a day?
What is the difference between CrossFit and gym exercises?
What are the best 15 minutes workout to stay in shape?
Which one burns more calories- jogging on a treadmill (at steady pace) or high interval training?
Where should you start if you want to burn excess fat and do some toning up this summer? Is a cleanse recommended to start with, or are they purely a fad?
Why does Quincy Larson always recommend audiobooks and when does he listen to them?
What are the tips to be followed during workouts?
How long do I have to train to be able to do 1000 pushups?
Is calisthenics more effective at cutting body fat than HIIT training?
What is the strength of strength?
Can I do yoga after an exercise?
Do you lift weights primarily to get stronger? Or more muscular?
What kind of exercise do I need to follow to reduce belly fat? My height is 170 cm and I weigh 96 kg. What can I do to reduce fat?
What should I do to improve my arm strength for push up?
How long should I work out at the gym to lose weight?
What's another way to work on my abs other than abs workouts?
Would a wider back, bigger shoulders, stretched out fully fingers increase your wingspan?
How long does it usually takes to add another inch on muscles with weighted bodyweight exercises?
Exercise makes my belly more fat instead of flat. Why?
Which is the best beginner gym workout routine to build muscle and lose fat for a 32 year old male?
Is it possible to build a good muscular body in 1 -2 months without going to the gym?
How can I increase my chest​ size in only ten days?
Can I attract women by being lifting weights?
Is there any difference in the energy required or calories burnt while walking on a treadmill versus walking outdoors on firm ground?
What is the best way for a senior to strength train?
Does doing yoga alone could make a person slim and fit?
What has research shown about whether or not people can lose fat while building muscle?
Will I lose muscle if I lift lighter weights?
What should I do to progress in daily Hindu squats, having reached 70 almost every other day?
How can you build excellent mental and physical endurance quickly?
I only have a bench for bench press, leg lifts on the bench and 56 pounds worth of weights. What workouts can I do?
What is a good weight bearing exercise for osteopenia?
What is the best strength training program for a 62 year old man trying to build muscle?
What is Buti Yoga and how is it different from more traditional forms of Yoga?
What are some exercises to lift and shape my butt?
What should the diet plan be for a thin boy who just started at the gym?
Can someone chart out a schedule for me to get back in shape and get a nice physique?
Which exercises and other stuff do you recommend for making your booty grow? Can that happen?
What is the best home exercise app for male?
Why do swimmers have such nice upper bodies?
Can a 13-year-old boy perform push-ups? Are there any side effects?
What are some side effects for 16-year-old boys who go to gym?
How can I build a strong app?
What is it like to be in a workout video?
Assuming willpower and pain are non-factors, what is the most efficient way to acquire physical fitness overall?
If you could only have one fitness/exercise machine, would it be a rowing machine, cycling machine, or something else?
Is it ok if all I do is work out at the gym and sleep it off? I'm extremely frustrated with everything.
Is there any difference in one’s heartbeat between when one’s exercising and when one’s fearful?
Are drugs more effective when you're physically fit?
What is the best way to stay healthy exercising while on a diet?
Let's say X does strength training for one year, and Y does cardio for one year. Who burns the most fat?
How will you feel after Juventus legend Buffon lifts the UCL 2017?
How can I add bodyweight exercises on workout days?
How much weight and repetitions do you do while doing squats and deadlifts?
Should I workout everyday before school?
How often should I do ab workouts and for how long? I'm 42 years old.
Can a 15 year old boy start lifting heavy things in the gym, or should he do some pushups?
Will doing 30 wide shoulder push-ups daily have a good result?
What are some good physical exercises for sex?
How I can prepare for running?
If pushups on a carpet will limit your gains (I've been told), wouldn't doing them on a yoga mat or on grass have the same effect?
What should be one's workout intensity to maintain shape once they've reached their health goal?
What are some tips for beginner joggers?
Should I workout if my upper ankle hurts?
What is the best diet and exercise program for a 300lb man like myself?
What can I do to gain weight on my bottom and lose weight off my belly without exercise?
How can astronauts run on the treadmill if there is no gravity?
Does doing uperbody weight lifting build visible abs?
Will doing 40 jumping jacks, 30 crunches, 20 squats, and 10 pushups actually burn 100 calories?
How do I become lean and fit when I’m out of shape?
Do you consider yourself as an athelete if you're a bodybuilder who lifts 5-6 times a week?
Why don't I feel my pull-ups in my arms and back, but I feel them in my core the next day? (I'm training to failure for three sets.)
Can a beginner build up their muscles at home? Will it be effective?
What is the best and easiest way to get in shape?
Why is there only one set of deadlifts on starting strength?
Why should I run?
Can most women achieve an "hour glass figure" with diet and exercise?
How long does it take to see the effects of a healthy diet, and what are the effects that take place?
What is the best workout routine to follow for a college student looking to pack on muscle?
Besides weight loss, what are the benefits of daily exercise?
What are the best lifting exercises for working out the inner thigh?
What is the best way to reduce weight, by jogging, cycling, or swimming?
Who is the best female fitness model in the USA?
How can I impress girls in yoga class?
What are the benefits of assisting an advanced yoga class?
What is the best way to go from flabby legs to toned legs?
Why is my butt muscle painful despite no workout?
How many push-ups can we do so that there will be no side effects?
What would you think to be the best training regimen with the available exercises?
How good is it to bench every day?
What do I have to do to get abs?
Between running, cycling and rowing which one results in the highest energy expenditure and why?
What should be eaten for breakfast when you workout in the evening everyday?
Should I perform yoga under AC?
What are some high intensity interval training exercises for someone with an injured ankle?
Is there any free workout and nutrition regimen website or app with feedback for getting fit?
If those who are against treadmill running were to live in a place with an extreme climate, would they still run outdoors?
Does aerobic exercise help in migraine?
Which is the best fitness band for under Rs. 1500?
What are some of the best ab workouts at home and with no equipment?
Why do people get weaker with age despite following the same fitness routine and diet regimen?
Is it bad to have different workouts ever other day?
What are the advantages of yoga in daily life?
How do you calculate the equivalent weights you are pushing when you are cycling?
For how long should I do my leg workouts on leg day? I'm 42 years old.
May I save my muscular mass by three swimming workouts and only one weight lifting workout per week?
How do I lose 10kg in 2 weeks without a lot of exercise? I'm currently 76kg (female), with an athletic build, but my tummy is starting to pop out.
How long does it take to see results from working out as a teen?
Should I workout with my girlfriend?
How come guys at the gym can see through a woman’s workout clothes if she’s wearing a thong?
What is one tip you have for me to make my deadlift get stronger?
Is it okay to extra train arms and shoulders other than in the gym?
Would an exercise routine of squats and pull-ups for two hours a day, six days a week be enough for a 'fit' body?
Will continuous exercise to my physical limits, even in old age, give me a longer lifespan?
If you had to sprint or run distance, which would you do?
Is it advisable to do 100 pushups in a row or can I do the same using 4 sets of 25 reps each?
Can you recommend a good post workout snack?
What kind of exercises would Vivek Mittal suggest to a 72kg teenage girl if she wants to lose 10kg within one month?
How good are spin classes for you?
Is it okay to drink one litre of milk? I am 18 years old, and workout twice a day.
Is jogging for two minutes then walking for eight and doing that for twenty minutes good?
How much time do I need to build great fitness for football despite the little time I have in the day and what are the best exercises?
What is better freehand exercises or weights?
Will weight training get rid of my hourglass figure?
Is there any exercise to gain weight?
How can I make my stomach flatter in a week?
Why do we swing our arms while walking?
With a torn meniscus, what body weight exercises can I do? I have been using kettlebells, but I don't want to cause any more damage.
What is the best workout routine for a beginner focused on fitness?
Which is better- swimming or gym?
What exercises can I do so I can twist my upper body around and how long will it take?
What is the best exercise to slim down thighs and glutes?
It takes me almost an entire year to read and do only 1/4 of the exercises, so how do CLRS book authors design those exercises and problems?
What's the difference between HICT, HIIT, HIRT, SMIT, HIVT, and VIIT?
Why doesn't the body want to exercise?
Is it really possible for a man of 28 to become fit and esthetic after being obese for 15+ years by following strict excercise and diet regiments?
How can a percussionist train their arms and upper-body strength?
What should I eat before running, to get energy?
What are gym membership fees per month in Copenhagen for weightlifting?
How does a skinny guy get abs without getting even skinnier?
What is the best alternative to a personal trainer?
Are Zen monks encouraged to engage in physical exercise? If not, why?
What can an overweight, out-of-shape, 30-year-old do to get and stay in better shape?
After doing yoga religiously and being vegetarian (eating very little oil) for a month, I've lost only 2kg. Should I be worried?
How do pilots manage workouts and hectic flight schedules, to keep themselves fit?
Are we fit if we eat well and exercise daily?
Could you actually get stronger by lifting a calf every day until it becomes a bull?
What is the best way to achieve my real complexion after swimming?
How can I prevent pain in my knees while doing leg stretching?
Which is better, a workout for your whole body in a single day or a workout for different body parts every other day?
After a week of doing yoga, especially inhaling and exhaling, I feel some sort of sound or movements at the back of my anus. What could that be?
What are some good ways to go from skinny to fit?
What are the health benefits of doing pilates during pregnancy?
Which type of pushups are good for us?
Why do spinners don't take a run up?
How do I get rid of a receding chin?
Should I still workout my chest if it is sore?
What's a good sprinting workout plan?
Why do I feel so turned on sometimes after I workout on my legs?
Which is the best fitness academy in Mumbai?
What is the best fitness method to get stronger over a span of 2 months?
Do you know anything about epigenetics and the food that Chinese people should avoid to avoid weight gain?
What home workouts are good for 400m dash preparation?
Can a women have a flat stomach after delivery?
Can I lose weight if I can't leave tea, oil and snacks? If so, how?
When getting sun exposure, should I do it 15 minutes without a break, or can I do it 10 minutes in the morning and 5 minutes in the afternoon?
How can I get flat abs in 6 weeks?
Will lifting heavy weights or less weight help for chest-building?
What is it like to work as a fitness professional overseas? I am already familiar with the rub of what being a fitness professional in the US is like.
Is it too late to do physical exercise for my body shape?
How do I calculate macros and calories?
What exercises should I do other than running while I am on the ground?
What are some exercises that help induce labor?
How do I control my bowel movements which strike every morning when I run, even after finishing two rounds of excretion?
Is it good to run and do workouts if you have kidney stones?
What's a good way to lose 10kg in 2 weeks without much exercise?
What is the best way to reduce weight, working out at the gym or running?
Is there a tendency for women to let themselves go after 20 (stop exercising and eating proportionally)?
How can I reduce my weight by doing exercising at home without any workout machines, and what are exercises that I can do?
What kind of gym do most med students go to (e.g., CrossFit/usual gyms/boxing)? How long & how many times a week do they go to the gym to maintain their daily study schedules?
What are the most effective traps exercises?
How does the intensity and duration of exercise affect the hormonal response?
Is running on treadmill enough to lose weight?
As a bodybuilder with a hunchback, what kinds of concerns should I have while lifting weights? What are the exercises I should/shouldn't be doing?
How do I stop making a wheezing noise while working out?
Which workout will broaden my upper body frame?
What are the ways to promote group fitness classes?
Should I jog and do workout (at the same time in the evening) or should I start with jogging in the morning and do workout or exercise in evening?
How do I get more chest muscle so that my upper sternum is less visible?
What can pilates do for your body?
What is fitness? Can a person be called fit by looking at his physique or is it the probability of him experiencing fatigue at the time of action?
How many times per week should I do a HIIT workout, and how many times should I do a strength workout?
What are general mistakes while doing squats?
Which is more beneficial for slim people badminton or brisk walking?
How do rest days work when doing calisthenics?
After an exercise, I felt like throwing up and my vision became very bright, like the grass was glowing neon green. Does anyone know why it occurred?
Should I workout by doing calisthenics/bodyweight training or by running as a teenager?
Should I continue training my chest?
How do I lose arm fat without bulking up?
Does Jocko Willink really workout 7 days a week every morning?
What are some good Chinese eye exercises?
Does taking an ice bath after a heavy workout allows your body to recover enough for an immediate 2nd workout right after?
If I eat like a pig and lift heavy weights, will I gain muscle faster than if I babied my nutrition and didn't get enough excess calories?
How can a girl reduce the size of her thighs?
What is the difference between a morning walk and going to the gym? Which one should be preferred, and why?
What are some absorbing hobbies I can do at home? I have struggled my whole life with being bored at home. I read, exercise, and play backgammon.
I work out three times a week, running a mile then lifting weights. How should I be eating?
What conditioning or other exercise can I do to improve my fitness in this arena?
How can I be more fit?
What are the benefits of jumping rope for losing weight?
What is the best form of functional exercise?
is drinking a cold smoothie after a workout good or bad?
What are the best exercises to improve mobility of the shoulder joint? I get pain if I try to touch my right scapula with my left hand from behind.
Is a 15 km walk per day enough to lose a stone (14 pounds or 6.35 kg.) in 6 weeks, along with a good diet?
What happens when we drink after a gym work out? Is it good or bad for us?
Will you see results faster if you lift weights everyday or every other day?
Which is best, walking, jogging, swimming, cycling, skipping, running, going to the gym or doing yoga?
Is it possible to build muscle on antipsychotics? Is it as efficient as normally?
How do I do a lower, upper and middle chest workout with push-ups?
Which is the best fitness band under 1500?
How can I exercise my Great Dane without having to take her for a walk?
What is the best gym routine one can carry out at home to burn belly fat, considering you have minimal weights/equipment?
Where can I get online training (preferably free) for doing full body work out and gym exercises, including diet?
What happens if you do cardio on a calorie surplus?
When should I start to exercise after my pregnancy?
What protein drink is best for men during and after a workout? Is it okay to drink one both during and after? I weigh 63.3kg.
What are the best medicines and exercises for a healthy brain?
Why does your body fat % go up with heavy weight training?
How can a skinny guy build an average body?
Which are the best books related to physical strength and body building?
Which workout should we do in the gym for height?
If you apply pressure to a bone every day, will it eventually move in the direction you are pushing it?
Which exercise reduce tremor?
How does running increase your fitness? How much time should I spend running every day?
How can I rebuild and strengthen cartilage?
Which exercises are good for sex?
Can I successfully recomp my body with solely yoga?
If you run 3 miles one day and then another 3 miles the next, would you burn the same number of calories as if you ran 6 miles in one day?
Why do you feel like you can't breathe every time you exercise?
How can I do yoga and lift weights in a single day's routine to make my body flexible and to make it look good?
Which is better for building strength and muscle, heavy weight for low reps or medium weight for high reps?
Is there a good body weight exercise which complements push ups (i.e. Develops different muscle groups like biceps)?
What are the best exercises to have a balanced shoulder complex?
Will playing badminton for 20 minutes everyday help reduce weight?
Is it enough for me to do two weight training sessions and two swimming sessions a week? (I'm sixty years old.)
Does your body initially reject exercise when you begin a serious regime?
What are some good shoulder workouts?
What's the best app for running? I'm doing interval training on hills and runs on greenbelts between mapped streets, and this confuses Strava.
How do I get off a plateau at the gym, because I'm not seeing any more gains?
Why is the breath rate higher as the longer distance you run?
I’m starting my workout and wonder how many days/weeks it will be until I can see muscle growth?
How long and how often should I exercise to see some serious muscle gains?
Why do so many people get hurt when they practice Ashtanga Yoga?
How do you calculate relative fitness?
What happens if I don’t do ab exercises properly?
What is cardio exercise?
What will be impact on my body, if I do cycling and skipping rope for half an hour each?
Which would be better for getting sixpack, full body circuit or abs exercises with cardio?
How can I get abs as a skinny teen at home without equipment?
How much do I have to eat to put on weight and build muscle?
Can you find and post pictures of people doing yoga with effective posture and those who need an adjustment?
What can be done to reduce errors in work leading to wrong numbers pulled out for client projects?
How are jumping jacks good for you?
How do I eat a healthy diet and lose weight?
What is the difference between predicting a 10 second or 1 minute return and predicting a 5 minute or even 30 minute return in futures/stocks?
What can busy entrepreneurs do to fit health & fitness into their daily routine?
What are the main muscles used for jumping jacks?
Which bodyweight workout is suited for skinny men?
What are good exercises after a knee reconstruction?
What are the most useful exercises to do early in the morning?
How do you perform lingual exercises?
Is gym good for women?
How can I build a massive chest with heavy weights?
I'm a high school junior, and haven't grown much since 7th grade. I'm only 5'4", 120lbs, and I don't exercise often. Is it too late for me to grow?
What is the purpose of aerobic exercises?
Does badminton count as a mild strength training exercise?
What are your motivational methods for exercising?
How do I lose fat around my arms without making it look bulky?
What books do you recommend for nutrition plans, workout routines, and getting a healthy, ripped body?
What are chin-ups good for?
How much volume work for each and every muscle?
Will our stomach increase if we stop doing abdomen exercises?
How do I lose belly fat without going to the gym? It would be great if workout schedules along with diet plans could be shared.
Are there any good workout program that includes strength\fat loss workouts and cardio to help get me in shape for the military?
How many pullups should I be able to do? Do these exercises help?
Is it normal to yawn when you're at the gym working out?
How do I get abs while I'm eating a lot to get bigger too?
How can I learn to do the Asian squat?
Why can I lift 85% of my max with good form and speed but at 95% my form breaks down and I can barely get in a couple of reps?
How do fitness models get ripped?
What is a good workout routine for getting cut, diet included?
What are some examples of muscular endurance in sports?
What does it feel like to overwork your muscles?
How is doing pushups on mountains in low oxygen different from doing them near sea level?
What workout top for guys was in during 1996?
How far can a person go with body weight exercises?
What workout can you recommend to strenghten my lower back?
How do I get wider hips without making my thighs and calves grow fat/muscular? If I stopped doing the excercizes, would my legs get back to normal?
Do planks burn fat?
After six months of delivery via a c-section, can I join a gym?
How effective are isometric exercises?
Is 153 sit-ups a good record for a 13-year-old?
Why do my legs hurt after running?
How can I build a six-pack without going to gym?
Why do I get a rash when I exercise?
Is it a good idea for a short thin guy to work out?
What will happen if one does a lot of cardio and no weight training?
What can Pilates do for you and your body?
What are good companies to buy above-average-weight free weights from?
Are fit Nordic skiers (cross country) more fit than fit professional high altitude mountaineers?
If someone gave you $20 to dance for 30 minutes, would you do it?
How do I strengthen my knees, to run everyday?
When should we drink a banana milkshake: after exercise or before exercise?
How do I get lean in 2 months if I am overweight?
What are the workouts to lose weight on a rowing machine?
I run a 5:20 mile and want to run a sub 4:40 by the beginning of track season in 9 months. What type of training do I need to run it?
Is it safe to take fat burner while workout?
I’m 15, nearly 5'9 and 198 pounds. Should I intensively workout my whole body in a day, 3 times a week with 2 days of gap for resting and light calisthenics?
Will I lose my gains if I train only one muscle group per week?
Has any one achieved great results by doing yoga daily?
I'm 15, should I do non intensive strength training and abdominal workouts 5 times a week?
What muscles do jump squats work?
What exercises can I do to strengthen my anus?
I took a spin class this morning and my knee started hurting after about 5-10 minutes. What was I doing wrong?
Are squats good for knees?
What are some good funk guitar exercises?
What are the exercises I should do for running 100m if I am aiming for the Olympics?
What are some home remedies to stay fit?
Is going to the gym bad for your singing?
What is the best exercise for helping reduce dizziness?
How important is strength to endurance?
If someone fell off a treadmill in front of you, would you help?
How do I increase my workout time? My muscles become so heavy after 40-45 minutes that I can’t even continue with some other muscle workouts?
What are the best exercices for a setter?
How do I reduce belly, side fat and man boobs naturally by exercising or yoga for an adult (age 23 years)?
How can I keep my knees in line when squatting? I experience a lot of popping and clicking after I squat.
How many times a week do you need to change your socks?
Why do I feel like puking or vomiting every time I complete a gym workout?
Can you bulk up without getting more fat?
Which yoga poses and exercises can induce high intraocular pressure in the eyes?
What workout routine can I do 3/4 times a week with just an adjustable weight dumbell (up to 105 on each) and a pull up bar?
What's the best treatment/exercise for a dual diagnosis of costochondritis and shoulder impingement with associated upper back pain?
Is a gym better than running in a stadium?
Where can I get 1 minute and 5 minutes candlestick charts?
How can I keep myself from getting chills after running?
How do I get really big muscles at home without gym equipment?
How do swimmers get such ripped bodies?
When is the best time to exercise, morning or night?
Is it cool to grunt and moan while lifting weights at the gym?
What are some weight bearing exercises?
Is it possible for me to run a sub 20 minute 5k?
Is walking 5 stories up equal to 2 km of walking?
Why do the muscles above and to the sides of my mouth contract when I swing my arms in full, forward circles?
How can I decrease my weight from 65 to 55 kg without boring physical exercise?
Does it affect working out in summer?
How do I gain fat and muscle in certain areas with exercise?
How do I get/convince a very overweight friend of mine to go on a diet or to workout?
Should I buy a fitness band?
How long do I have to do these exercises until I have normal posture?
If we eat like beasts and exercise for 1 hour without stopping, what will happen?
How many miles could I walk/run in a day with a 40lb backpack?
What is the best way to increase muscle recovery time after a tough workout so you can continue exercising shortly after?
When lifting to failure should I be able to complete as many reps for each subsequent set?
How do I get a great chest?
What is the best exercise routine for a skinny 13-year-old?
What all exercises/cardio/gym can I (26-years-old) do to lose 18 kg (92-74 ideal), considering that my right shoulder joint got dislocated and relocated?
Is it possible to be fit and fat?
Can I lift weights 5 days in a row? I'm 42 years old.
How can I increase muscle size and strength with bodyweight training or by lifting everyday objects (bags instead of barbells, etc)?
What is the difference between power lifting and olympic lifting?
What are some tips for improving leg flexibility?
After I eat lunch, what can I drink/eat as far as bodybuilding supplements to lower my hunger until post-workout?
How much should I workout each day as ateen?
Is it normal to lose control of your body when stretching?
What should one eat if he wakes up at 6:30am, and has to be at the gym by 7am?
Is it possible to look normal with a receding chin?
Is doing 50 knee press ups the same as doing 25 normal ones?
How do I maintain a workout diet when living in PG?
How do I find a balance between muscle gain and cardio workouts?
After eating, how long should one wait before working out?
What physical fitness level is required for wireless PSI?
Would one have any advantage by attaching (20-50kg) weights to the body, arms and legs and living with them 24/7, and releasing them just before sports matches?
Is it possible to gain good eyesight from eye exercises like so many people say it is?
What do you feel when seeing Suresh Raina seemingly being out of shape with a big tummy? Shouldn't he taken care of his fitness?
I get chills after running. Should I be worried?
Can I do light/moderate cardio while bulking?
How would doing 10 push ups and sit-ups a day affect my body?
What is the best workout to strenghten my core?
What are some best music tracks for jogging?
Can we do gym in the early morning every day at AIT Pune in the first year?
How do I burn body fat fast in a gym?
I am trying to get better at medicine ball overhead throws. Should I focus more on the muscles I need or just continue my full bodybuilding workout?
How can I stay motivated to exercise? I have good health and don't have any issues so I always talk myself out of it.
What are the best exercises to build a thick lower back?
What is the best machine for abs in the gym?
Is lifting heavy things an alternative to lifting weights, or does it break the muscle down?
Is it normal to have red spots on your arms after training (crossfit)?
What are some good hand strengthening exercises for bar chords?
Can we gain six-pack abs by doing bodyweight exercises?
Does working out in the gym fight depression?
I am 14 years old and I have asthma, so it's hard to exercise without pushing myself too hard. How can I lose weight without hurting myself?
Can I quit gym and start doing only cardio?
Has anyone that you know ever made a lean body without lifting heavy weights?
What is the correct time to go jogging?
I'm a vegetarian who started going to gym. How do I increase my body mass and what should my diet be?
What could be the reason for not losing fat despite six months of regular gym activity?
How can I get out of running the mile?
How does yoga help you to lose weight despite not using weights, much movement, or tiring physical activity?
What are some people who beat aging with exercise and lifestyle?
Should I move on to free weights?
What are the best workouts/exercices to get a cobra back?
Will cardio improve my endurance and stamina?
Can you build a great body by working out at home?
How would you design a fat burning fitness program for someone new to exercise?
Could you suggest me a workout?
What yoga poses should I avoid if I have SI joint pain?
How can I have upper, middle and lower chest workouts with just push-ups?
Which workout targets the most muscles in the body?
Is swimming for 1 hour daily enough of an exercise for a healthy heart if I also consume a lot of butter daily?
I am 165 cm tall, and I weigh 44kg. I exercise twice/week and eat healthy, but somehow my body stopped changing. How can I gain muscle mass?
Can I build muscle in one month?
What happens to your body when you jog and go to the gym on a daily basis?
Has anyone had a knee arthroscopy for microfissures? Was it successful? I can't exercise my leg as instructed without excruciating pain.
At 23% body fat and 155 lbs, what is more important for me in gaining abs, cardio or ab workouts?
How can I loose 7-8 kgs weight in 15 days?
How do I develop biceps and triceps? I do lift (15+15) kg dumbbells but have not gotten any impressive results.
Besides health, is there any real benefit to exercising and being fit?
What are the best strength exercises for women?
What are the gym workouts for triceps?
Are a fast walk and a brisk walk the same thing?
Why does my squat improve more than my bench?
Can a 42 year old man who made it to his goal by dropping 67 pounds, work on his abs and have abs?
In a strength-focused weight training program, what is the best way to incorporate cardio work into your weekly routine?
Should I stop gaming as a 15-year-old in order to get better grades and to get fit?
Is there any gym near CET, Bhubaneswar?
How much heat does a workout produce?
How do I build a strong mindset?
What feels better, sex or lifting weights? Don't say sex. It’s overrated.
Can I train in boxing or a street workout after my rotator cuff surgery? I will have to repair my other shoulder too, after recovering from this one. I am 21.
How should I be working out?
What are some short and long-term exercise goals?
Should I take a week off of weight training?
How do I maintain my muscle mass and strength with just calisthenics if I am unable to go to a gym for 2 weeks?
What are the differences between exercises to build strength and exercises to build muscle?
Are there any simple exercises to tone our body?
Do I really need a rest day from working out? Please see the comment.
In what ways are the effects of caffeine and exercise similar and different?
What are the best and easiest dishes for an obese person looking to begin losing 20kg of fat? I’m looking to lose weight before exercising.
How did you gain your muscle mass? What did you eat and how did you train?
Will short bursts of jump roping and sprinting increase my leg strength and endurance for MMA?
Has anyone tried doing yoga/stretching after getting high on cannabis? I've been experimenting with this for a few months and I find it is highly effective.
How can I increase my stamina for running and the gym?
Is Krav Maga a strength or cardio workout?
How do I start the process of being healthier and exercising?
What is the perfect time for exercise?
Why are my thighs so large?
How can I get people in the door to my new gym?
What happens if we eat rice after workouts? Is it good or bad?
Why do cramps develop after vigorous exercise?
What are your motivations for getting up early, even on the weekends, doing 1 task or taking exercises every day for 1 year?
Should you stretch before you workout in a gym?
How bulletproof are the weighted vests used for exercise?
How can we use the Accenture gym in the morning or evening during working hours? Will our boss allow us to go?
Apart from working out at the gym, how do men generally train (context: India)?
Why do I get chills after running?
Is there such a thing as exercise intolerance? Every time I attempt to exercise I feel dreadful and sick.
If I do weight training 4 days a week but don't eat enough, will I be in danger of over training?
Is 41 push ups in one minute good for a thirteen year old male?
What should be my workout plan if I am skinny and just want to look good in shirts & T-shirts? I can’t lift heavy and I have limited time & protein.
What are the benefits of working out 7 days a week?
Is doing 300 burpees per day a good workout?
What style of climbing is the best upper body workout?
Will walking on all fours strengthen my knee caps?
How can I lose weight again after gaining some due to lack of exercising and rough eating?
Is there any harm in doing strength and cardio exercise everyday?
Which is better for girls, the gym or aerobics?
Why do people walk to places instead of running?
Which exercises can increase our height after 18 years old?
Is it advisable to buy a treadmill online?
I am very overweight and would like to start some exercise. What would be some good exercises to start with?
How do I make time for workouts when I have a busy schedule?
Why does time seem to slow down during exercise?
Is on-the-spot jogging effective?
Is it good to take glucose D during pre-workout?
Can you suggest some motivational workout songs?
What exercise should I do to lose post pregnancy weight?
Which one is better for health, swimming or running? And how?
How do I burn body fat fast and gain (or maintain at least) muscle?
What should I eat before an insane workout?
How can I improve my muscles without using equipment?
What are the requirements for an advanced yoga class?
What is the best physical activity for a 50-year-old to keep fit?
I want to lose fat and gain muscle, should I set my macros to lose or gain weight?
How can I make my calf muscles bigger?
Can I run one hour per day as well as going everyday to the gym? Would such intensity have any down side?
How much protein does the body require if you do a daily heavy workout?
How do I get mass on my chest?
What do you think about muscle (body) building and cognitive development (brain building), are these two mutually exclusive?
What are the biggest motivators today’s parents have to get healthy & in shape?
Why can't I run at all?
After I started lifting weights my blood vessels have become more and more visible. Is this normal?
Is working your way out with exercises, not appropriate during your period bubs?
Why do I feel so turned on after working out on my legs?
Which one burns more calories- jogging on a treadmill (at steady pace) or high interval training?
What is your preference, fitness training or yoga, and why?
How do I use honey on workout?
What do I need to do to build strength for Parkour/Calisthenics?
Does the Fat Cutter, suggested by Vivek Mittal on his YouTube channel Fit Tuber, work if I am not doing any physical exercise?
How long do you have to exercise stock after leaving a company?
What is above physically strong for an Adult man?
What are the best facelift exercises?
What are some names of aerobic, facultative anaerobic, and anaerobic fungi?
What workout plan should be followed if planning to have a baby without risking a miscarriage due to stress?
I'm 20. How can I go from 5 ft 9 to 6 ft 1?
Will losing weight and exercising make cellulite go away?
Should women do chest weight training at the gym?
What are the benefits of a treadmill compared to those of a StairMaster?
Why do my thighs hurt after doing squats?
What is a good gym to work out at (preferably with a pool) in Norrkoping, Sweden?
What is the cycle of meditation, yoga, and exercise?
How many times a week should I workout to grow a butt?
How do I get skinny without exercising?
How do I get toned legs & a big butt?
Would I be muscular if I decreased my body fat?
How do I fit 3 strength workouts for the entire body except the legs, a 60km jog/march and 1 swim in a week?
How long will it take to get my muscle back?
How do you work-out 99²+199²+299²+399²+499²-5?
What should I do first in a cycle of meditation, yoga and exercise?
How frequently do YOU back squat vs. front squat?
What are T25 exercises?
Can we take ProteinX without doing a workout?
How can I lose fat and get as skinny and fit as a 15-year-old?
I'm an active person that trains CrossFit about 6-7 times week. How many calories may I take in daily?
Are there any positives to working out the same muscle two days in a row?
How can I get a lean body at home without using any equipment?
Which is best, a boot camp or a gym?
Are HGH boosters worth it? I'm 17, 5′8″, and a skinny guy with a weak chin. Will it help me with any of those besides an increase in lean muscle mass?
The body produces adrenaline to raise the heartbeat during both exercise and emotional stress. Why, then, is exercise good for the heart, but stress isn't?
Is it better to get a massage before or after a workout?
Which is the best exercise​?
How can I reduce my arms?
What happens to our bodies when we don't exercise for a long time? How can we overcome that?
Can squint be cured by exercise?
Which freehand exercise should I do to gain muscle in the lower body i.e, thighs, calfs and butt?
Why do women refuse to go to the gym by saying they don't want to look mannish?
What is elliptical good for?
After how many days is it safe to start exercising again after suffering from a cold?
Can I drink a lot of water just after a gym workout?
Can I start yoga without the guidance of a master?
How can I manage to get fit, healthy, skinny as a teen?
Can you improve vision with excercise?
Why are my legs constantly aching until my next sleep even after a little bit of running?
How do I regain my flexibility?
What does Snap Fitness cost?
What is the best way to gain muscle without losing weight?
What is better for a (sprinting) athlete, pull ups or barbell rows?
How many kms should I run to lose 7 kg per month?
How do I avoid being left out of gym basketball?
What are some of the best jaw relaxing exercises?
How long does it take to lose a good amount of weight using the treadmill nearly every day?
What exercise one should do to lose 40 kgs of weight?
How can I reduce my belly fat and waist size from 35 to 28 or 29 as they keep on increasing even though I workout?
What do I eat to build my abs? I already lift weights.
Can you join the best yoga center in the world?
What are some short term effects of exercise on your muscles?
Is mental strength and resolve is as important as physical strength?
How often should you workout for it to be good for your health?
Why do I have such small arms but lift a decent amount?
Why can I do more pull-ups but less chin-ups?
How much time should I do cycling to get rid of my pouch-like tummy?
Which is the best exercise to have a great physical condition for surfing, especially for paddling?
Can exercise and walking harm our internal organs? What is the best exercise for belly fat?
Is it enough having one weight training and one aerobic workout a week?
Is it wise for a 42-year-old to lift weights every other day, skipping one day to rest and doing a leg day twice a week?
What is the future of yoga?
If you exercise in only a certain period of your life, would you live longer than if you had never exercised at all?
How we can loose weight with little exercise?
Comparatively, which is better: Zumba or jumping rope?
Is cardio really necessary for fat loss?
Why do wrists hurt while doing a downward dog yoga position?
Can I change from gym to online gym in the middle of the school year?
What's the fastest way of looking strong and fit?
How many push-ups are needed per day to get a 6-pack abs?
Is jogging in place a good exercise?
What are the exercises to cure knock knees?
What do people do to get flat abs?
How can I get a lean body at home (such as Finn Balor of WWE)?
Why do the muscles above and to the sides of my mouth constrict when I swing my arms in full circles?
If I swim 36 laps instead of 24 laps, 3 times / week, will my metabolism be faster on the days following these workouts?
I am seventeen years old fat girl, should I join the gym?
When would I see results from jogging twice a day and controlling my diet?
How do I get stronger and better at fighting without having "gym muscles" or going to the gym?
What physical activity is required for the CRPF?
How many days does it take to lose 40kg of my body weight by going to the gym regularly? What food diet should be followed? How do you tackle the body pain?
What happens if you work out frequently?
If you start running in grade 11 and with no training start with a 18:30 5k, is there any hope for you?
As a 22-year-old, what health habits, diets, exercise routines, etc., should I be engaging in to lead a long, healthy life while maintaining a low body fat percentage?
How can you prevent feeling dizzy when working out?
Can you take an Ultracet tablet for body pains due to a heavy workout?
When you stop consuming protein, how long until you feel the effects?
Is it possible to get a strong jawline with facial exercises?
Is it stupid that after 12 months of no exercise I took 10mg of dextroamphetamine and a large can of Redbull, to get my heart rate up to 190bpm?
How do you get bigger ankles with exercise?
How much exercise is safe in the morning?
Which exercise is good for growing taller by 1 inch within 35 days? I am 17 years old.
Can I lose weight by diet alone, or must I also exercise?
How many calories are burnt in 2000 counts of rope skipping?
Are there any body weight excercises for biceps and triceps?
How do I reduce my body fat and get ripped?
Why do you need to be in a caloric surplus to build muscle?
What is the most efficient way to get a nice chest at home other than push-ups?
What's an affirmation I can have as a beginner at push-ups?
How important is nutrition when lifting heavy weights?
What are the health benefits of going into a sauna post workout?
Which is better: diamond push ups or shoulder push ups?
What's the best way to run a sub-3 minute 800 meter run?
What’s up everybody?
How do toned arms differ from muscular arms?
How should I kick start my running (fitness) after a long injury layoff?
Is there an accurate way to tell how many calories you've burned in a workout?
Do MBBS students go to the gym?
Can you build endurance without running?
If I go to the gym for 2 hours for 3 days a week for 3 months, can I become reasonably thin by late ausgust starting tomorrow?
Is it possible to go to a gym fully decked in knight armor?
Should you include cardio in your workout if you're skinny, 43kg and if your age is 19 years old?
Why is my right arm swollen after a workout at the gym? I am having no pain but my arm feels heavy. What is the reason?
What’s a good routine for a full workout at home?
How bad does weightlifting or even calisthenics affect your drawing?
What's a good diet and exercise to have to get ready for basic training?
How many calories does a 24 year old guy weighing 83 kgs burn daily if he walks everyday?
What are some good makeup techniques for minimizing the appearance of a double chin?
What's your favorite fitness or fitness-related cliché?
If you hang two heavy weights on ropes in a very deep well, say 12km, would they come together or stay the same distance apart?
I had a massive heart attack. How can I lose weight? I don't know about lifting weights. Is this safe as I do have a defibrillator/pace maker.
How much running and physical fitness is done in the Russian conscript basic training? Is there a final test they must pass?
How do I gain face fat if I go to the gym on a regular basis?
Is jogging 4 times a week enough leg workout for someone who works the upper body 3 times a week?
What are some exercises to burn stomach and thigh fat?
How can I go from not being physically active at all to being able to do specific exercises?
I have APT, which makes my lower back tight and weak. Does this mean that I shouldn't add lower back exercises to my workout?
What is a cycle of meditation, yoga and exercises?
Does running significantly increase intelligence?
Why is the tongue fastest muscle we have?
Who are your role models in gym and fitness?
Is sports or exercise better?
Where would I get a personal coach for weight lifting in Chennai?
Your maximum weightlifting capacity may be 50 kg. If you were asked to lift a 500-kg weight, how would you do it?
Can you have a full workout with only one exercise?
Why does every train stops at Visakhapatnam for 20 minutes?
Why do four cable cars travel together in Jeita Grotto? How is the weight balanced? Will there be high tension on the rope?
Why am I getting fat? How do I stay fit and toned?
How often do you get a runner’s high?
What are some basic workouts/stretches to be flexible?
My calves will not grow. What is some advice?
What's Dale Steyn's workout?
It takes Kevin 5 minutes to jog once around a circular track that has a diameter of 400 meters. About how many meters per minute is Kevin jogging?
What are some effective exercises to help grow and define your calf muscles?
How can I make leg day less boring?
What are some advantages of developing breathing exercises?
Does going to the gym affect one’s studies?
Is standing punishment good for one’s health?
Is it harmful to do exercises during muscle cramps?
What are some affirmations to say to do beginner pushups?
What are some easy ways for people with desk jobs to stay fit?
How do I get a ripped body without going to the gym?
What is better, going to the gym or doing self-weight exercises?
How can I gain my body structure?
Is a morning walk good for your health?
Do core exercises like squats or the farmer's walk help people lose weight/exhaust excess calories, or are there entirely different sets of exercises for that?
How can a girl reduce the weight of her thighs?
Will a mix of weight lifting and HIIT cardio, while taking supplements, result in fat loss and muscle gain?
How do people know how many calories they burn a day?
How can you get skinny in 2 weeks?
When you do cardio, does your heart get stronger? Or do your muscles just use the oxygen more efficiently?
Why do people stop going to the gym?
What are some workouts that don't need a lot of breathing capacity?
How much should I run at first?
How do I reduce body fat and gain muscle? What are some foods and workouts to accomplish this?
What kind of exercises would you recommend for a teenager who wants to start gaining muscle mass at home, without fancy equipment?
What music/song should I be listening to while running or working out?
What is best for burning belly fat: sit ups or running?
What are the pros and cons of stretching everyday?
Will doing squats develop calves?
How do I do a plank properly?
Which upper body workouts will make paddling easier while surfing?
How come the gym is always busy in May and will it ever slow down?
What is the perfect weekly workout plan to gain muscle at a fast pace? Currently, I workout all of my muscles, except my shoulders and legs, twice a week.
What are the benefits of stretching before and after workout?
Can limescale build up in the body?
Why do I feel like stretching?
How can I increase my strength?
How do I reverse type 2 diabetes with food and exercise alone? Please include specifics meal plans or type of exercises in your answer.
What are some muscle building exercises at work place?
Where can I buy a stepper for calf raises?
What is Angelina Jolie’s exercise routine?
If you had a virtual platform at your fingertips to give you guidance on nutrition/training/yoga/Pilates/etc., would you use it?
What is the best ab exercise? What is the best type of exercise for a 6-pack? Don’t worry about nutrition. I've got that covered.
Is there a way to shift the concept of exercise from workouts to body maintenance?
Should I lift weights immediately after eating to gain muscle?
Is it possible for an athlete to have the strength and muscles of a bodybuilder, and the endurance of a marathon runner at the same time?
What's the best way to train for or row for 2 hours?
Can you lift things to be strong without using dumbbells?
Is it good to eat an apple and a banana after exercising or does it just add fats into my body?
Can I lose weight by exercising, but not changing my diet?
Is it difficult to reduce fat around your hips after the age of 65, especially in summer when it is too hot to walk? What can I do, other than going to gym or using a treadmill?
How do you learn how to master an aerial hoop?
Will I still gain good weight and muscle if I'm in a calorie surplus, eat sweets and cakes but workout and exercise in the same day?
How do I build muscle at 120lbs 5"7 and on a budget?
Is it necessary to have a perfect, flat stomach? Is there any necessity for a little fat over the stomach for men?
Is it true that when you do squats you will have a big booty?
What (full body) exercises can I do to come back stronger in general from a foot injury rehab process (Achilles tear)?
Is working out twice a day for 2 weeks equivalent to working out once for a whole month for fat loss?
Are people generally attracted to people who are similar to themselves? If I want to date someone who’s physically fit, should I become fit, myself?
Don't you think it's weird that women shape who they are to get a man, and men shape who they are to get a woman?
If you do more ab workouts, will your sperm count be reduced?
Why can't I lift my legs during planche?
What is the time duration between Parayam and yoga?
How did Franco Columbu get such a wide chest when he was so short?
How much time should I do skipping to reduce tummy fat?
What are the health benefits of early morning exercises?
What is the simplest, most effective bodyweight workout routine that I can do daily to get a Greek god figure?
How can you get a 6 pack real quick?
What is a good amount of sit ups to do daily to strengthen my abs?
What is the best exercise routine for Skinny guys?
What is a good time to do workouts?
Is mixing weight lifting and high intensity cardio while taking supplements sort of like hustling backwards?
How often do you Squat and Deadlift?
If I run/jog a mile on a treadmill, would I get the same benefits and exercise as if I had run on a track?
About physical fitness, are you physically fit? Are there any athletic goals you want to achieve? What are your personal goals to stay healthy?
If I don't feel like going to the gym after work, would going in the morning be a good idea?
Should I consume Glucon-D after cardio, if I am trying to get rid of fat?
The only thing I’m good at is lifting weights. How can I get paid doing what I’m only good at?
Is there an outdoor workout area with a pullup/chinup bar in Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China?
What are the best exercises to find peace of mind?
Can I increase my chest up to 10 inches?
Does arthritis and strenuous exercise go hand and hand when you are older, e.g. above 70?
How can I increase the strength of my triceps?
Do guys in the locker room at the gym talk comment about some of the ladies to each other?
How do I gain lean muscle mass without fat?
What is the longest I should be riding an exercise bike?
What are the best workouts (without equipment) for getting a big chest and arms and getting abs?
I'm wimpy, thin and bad at lifting weights. I tried pretty hard, but all my workout partners ditched me. Should I just go to the gym by myself?
What gives you motivation for fitness?
Would doing 100 push-ups every day work just as well as doing a routine of exercises at a gym? Would you get just as strong and muscular?
What are the best whole body exercises?
How many push ups can you do at a time?
What are thw exercises to cure knock knees?
What are some of the best tricep exercises for mass?
Should I exercise with somewhat sore legs?
What exercises would you recommend to get in shape for surfing?
How do I increase my muscles on the sides of my glutes?
What's your favorite pre workout?
My parents say if I miss school for being sick, then I can't lift weights the same day. Is this right?
What are the best exercise machines to workout for the forearm?
Which is the best exercise​ to increase​ speed?
How many calories does constant and proper hula-hooping burn?
Can someone make me a really hard core workout?
Which is better for burning calories, calisthenics or weight training?
Does a women's only gym have to allow a transgender female to male person to work out in the gym?
Is it possible for a skinny woman to gain some muscles within a month?
How can I reduce my waist by skipping?
Are AirPods good to use while running?
What is a good weight training routine 2 times a week?
I absolutely suck at running. I can hardly run one mile all the way through. What running program should I do to get better at running fast?
How long do I have to train to be able to do 1000 pushups?
Why are some muscle builders so bulky yet still lack muscle definition even with very low fat ratio?
If you had a five minute break every day at work, how would you spend it?
Can I do yoga after an exercise?
How can we get V-shaped heads formed by the piezometers, rather than a parabolic shape, during the experiment of verification of Bernoulli’s principle?
Which exercise machine is good to reduce stomach size?
What workout split works best for you?
What should I do when I have done my exercise in the evening after eating and now my chest is painful?
If you get to know that you just have 10 more minutes to live, how will you spend those 10 minutes?
How should I approach a gym buddy’s auntie?
How long should I stretch a muscle per day for better mobility and flexibility?
Are HGH boosters worth it? I'm 17, 5′8″, and a skinny guy with a weak chin. Will it help me with any of those besides an increase in lean muscle mass?
How much time should I workout in order to make my body strong enough?
What is the best workout to lose my belly fat and water retention? I already eat real food and fewer calories, and I do cardio and strength training.
What is a good kettle bell exercise to increase my chest size?
What happens to our bodies when we don't exercise for a long time? How can we overcome that?
Should I do calisthenics or practice running to lose, get fit and skinny as a teenager?
Does jumping rope make jumping faster? What is the idea of jumping rope?
Is there any difference in the energy required or calories burnt while walking on a treadmill versus walking outdoors on firm ground?
What has research shown about whether or not people can lose fat while building muscle?
What are some training ideas I can do to condition my body for traditional karate or any training at all?
How can you build excellent mental and physical endurance quickly?
What are the benefits of training on sand for a runner?
Are pushups a good pre-workout before weight lifting?
What is the right exercise for a student for their brain, aerobics or bodybuilding? I can only give 30 minutes for a workout. Is it possible to gain mass?
Is it possible to get fit in one year's time?
Out of a heavy body and a lightweight body, which body falls down first?
How often should you workout for it to be good for your health?
What are the type of people who prefer indoor cycling as a form of exercise?
What should the diet plan be for a thin boy who just started at the gym?
I can bench 140kg (315lbs) weigh 96kg, deadlift 240kg & in the morning I can see slightly the top two abs, why do I not have a chest?
Which are the best 1, 2 or 3kg dumbbells for arm exercises for women?
What is it like to be in a workout video?
Is it possible to rent an empty small room for an hour?
Does a vacuum in space get stronger and stronger?
I have had an ACL replacement. What leg exercises should I do, and which ones should I avoid?
Which diet should I take to stay fit and increase stamina?
How can I get shredded at home in two days?
Is there any difference in one’s heartbeat between when one’s exercising and when one’s fearful?
What is the best way to stay healthy exercising while on a diet?
What is the best way to increase waist?
How will you feel after Juventus legend Buffon lifts the UCL 2017?
When would I see results from jogging twice a day and controlling my diet?
Would it be possible to get hired as a fitness trainer without a two-year diploma?
Should I workout everyday before school?
What is a physical workout routine that a 14 year old NDA aspirant should follow?
How do you get bigger ankles with exercise?
What is the best exercise for a 15-year-old guy like me?
How often should I do ab workouts and for how long? I'm 42 years old.
Can a 15 year old boy start lifting heavy things in the gym, or should he do some pushups?
What exercises are the best if one has to lose abdominal muscles and a bulky belly after pregnancy?
What's the most guaranteed way to lose fat without using the gym?
How can I strengthen ciliary muscle of the eye and delay its fatigue?
What are some good tips for a beginner who wants practice yoga?
How I can prepare for running?
What are some improv exercises for large groups?
What should be one's workout intensity to maintain shape once they've reached their health goal?
What’s up everybody?
When is a good grade to start weight lifting?
What can I do to gain weight on my bottom and lose weight off my belly without exercise?
Do squats help you develop abs?
How has yoga changed your life?
How do I become lean and fit when I’m out of shape?
Why don't I feel my pull-ups in my arms and back, but I feel them in my core the next day? (I'm training to failure for three sets.)
Can a beginner build up their muscles at home? Will it be effective?
Why is there only one set of deadlifts on starting strength?
Why should I run?
What kinds of nutrients does a muscle need to repair after a workout and to get bigger?
What is the best workout routine to follow for a college student looking to pack on muscle?
What are the best lifting exercises for working out the inner thigh?
Where would I get a personal coach for weight lifting in Chennai?
What is a good plan for senior fitness?
What are the benefits of assisting an advanced yoga class?
Doing weekend exercises is bad. If you don't build up protection against oxidative stress through regular exercise, you're likely to do your body harm. Is this true?
Is it okay to drink 1 scoop of Protein Powder weight gainer after a home workout?
What do I have to do to get abs?
As a beginner (at home), if I don't increase the weight of a dumbell but keep adding reps and sets, will I still build good strength and muscle?
Being that high AST and ALT levels are the result of dying muscle tissue, could a recent, extremely high impact exercise routine be the cause of the elevation?
What is the best time to work out during Ramadan for rapid fat loss?
How do I train to be really good at cross country running?
Why do people stop going to the gym?
For how long should I do my leg workouts on leg day? I'm 42 years old.
How much should I run at first?
Should I go to the gym today? It's rainy and cold, and I haven’t been there in a couple of weeks. I’m thinking of ordering pizza?
May I save my muscular mass by three swimming workouts and only one weight lifting workout per week?
What are the best exercises for meralgia paraesthetica?
I have a bad physique but I want to stay fit and not getting motivated towards it. What should I do?
Should reservations be lifted?
Is it possible to perform sEMG decomposition on the forearm using Backyard Brains' Muscle SpikerShield? If so, up to how many different motor units?
Does Gold’s Gym provide food to their members?
What is the best way to get a muscular body like a male model?
What is one tip you have for me to make my deadlift get stronger?
Why is no contact so difficult? I just white-knuckled it for 30 days. What now, white-knuckle it for another 30 days?
Will I still gain good weight and muscle if I'm in a calorie surplus, eat sweets and cakes but workout and exercise in the same day?
Is it true that the airways alternately constrict, as is said in yoga?
Is it advisable to do 100 pushups in a row or can I do the same using 4 sets of 25 reps each?
If you do more ab workouts, will your sperm count be reduced?
How do I build a bubble butt?
My upper chest is not flat. It kind of bulges out. How do I correct it?
How much time do I need to build great fitness for football despite the little time I have in the day and what are the best exercises?
What is better freehand exercises or weights?
Will weight training get rid of my hourglass figure?
Is there any exercise to gain weight?
Why do we swing our arms while walking?
Is it good or bad to exercise in the summer?
What is the link between, if any, cigarettes, insulin levels, and fat burn/deposition?
Do I have gynecomastia or is it just chest fat? I'm 18 years old, 6′1″, and 81kg.
What should be the exercise routine for a thin, musical Indian 16-year-old guy with a tummy to have a healthy body in one month?
What is the best workout routine for a beginner focused on fitness?
Which is better- swimming or gym?
Is Musli helpful for gym freaks?
Which it the best fitness center?
What is the best exercise to slim down thighs and glutes?
Is it advisable to do 100 pushups immediately followed by bench press (20-25 reps with light weight)?
How are athletes muscles so defined?
How can I build a stronger chest?
How can a percussionist train their arms and upper-body strength?
Do you absolutely hate going to the gym?
What should I eat before running, to get energy?
How many push ups can you do at a time?
How can I get fit and skinny as a high schooler?
I can do a pistol squat with my left leg but not with my right. Is this because I'm a right handed fencer?
Does a women's only gym have to allow a transgender female to male person to work out in the gym?
Could you actually get stronger by lifting a calf every day until it becomes a bull?
Are we fit if we eat well and exercise daily?
How do I convert my excess belly fat into useful muscle?
Can you build muscles without cardio?
Is cycling better than running to reduce thigh fat?
How do I keep energy after intense workout?
Would I be muscular if I decreased my body fat?
What might cause tremors after exercise?
How long will it take to get my muscle back?
What's a good sprinting workout plan?
Which is the best fitness academy in Mumbai?
Is it bad that I masturbate twice a day?
What are the best effective ways to burn belly fat for men?
Is 5-exercise 5-set 5-rep workout any good?
What is the best chest exercise for a nice, muscular chest?
Do you know anything about epigenetics and the food that Chinese people should avoid to avoid weight gain?
What should you do after running?
Is it okay to walk in the morning and go to the gym in the evening and do yoga?
What is the optimal work-out schedule for curls?
What are some good stretches to improve flexibility?
Why is it that when I try to do simple stretches, I feel like I'm pulling something in my leg?
Are all those exercises to help your back just a scam?
What are some quick stretches for my whole body to do every morning?
I want to get stronger and more muscular by doing push-ups, pull-ups, and sit-ups. How many reps and sets should I do everyday?
What exercises should I do other than running while I am on the ground?
Why are handstands good?
Is there a hazard to exceed my max heart heart rate (220-39) with high blood pressure?
Is it possible to build a fitness-model-like body in 9 months naturally?
Is mental strength and resolve is as important as physical strength?
Why can't I seem to lose body fat, even though I exercise, am very active, and I am nursing two babies?
What are the best comedic routines against Islam?
What kind of gym do most med students go to (e.g., CrossFit/usual gyms/boxing)? How long & how many times a week do they go to the gym to maintain their daily study schedules?
Why do I have such small arms but lift a decent amount?
I hate exercising. What's the most effective exercise routine I could follow for the shortest amount of time where I will get the most benefits?
Can exercise and walking harm our internal organs? What is the best exercise for belly fat?
Can intense muscular exercise cause acute health problems in otherwise healthy individuals?
When you are working out what do you do to get over the hump?
How do I stop making a wheezing noise while working out?
Comparatively, which is better: Zumba or jumping rope?
Which is more beneficial for slim people badminton or brisk walking?
How many days a week do I do sprints to burn fat? For how long do I do the sprints? I lift weights, and I'm 42 years old.
How do I get stronger and better at fighting without having "gym muscles" or going to the gym?
Why I am not able to lose weight even after 2 years of doing continuous exercises?
What is the point of exercise if my face is hideous?
What is a good full body workout with a bench press and a pull up bar?
Which causes losing weight fast, aerobic exercise or machines?
Can I see incredible changes in my body if I box 5 times a week for 4 months? Currently I'm 72kgs, 21% body fat (age 22).
What is the best form of exercise?
How do film stars makeover their body in months?
What's an affirmation I can have as a beginner at push-ups?
What is a valid excuse for wanting to switch out a swimming semester in HS with another activity for physical education?
Should you include cardio in your workout if you're skinny, 43kg and if your age is 19 years old?
Does taking an ice bath after a heavy workout allows your body to recover enough for an immediate 2nd workout right after?
How many calories does a 24 year old guy weighing 83 kgs burn daily if he walks everyday?
What is a good example of a low impact cardio for bad knees?
If you hang two heavy weights on ropes in a very deep well, say 12km, would they come together or stay the same distance apart?
Is only working on my upper body at the gym harmful if I run and bike frequently?
I am 50, I want to increase my baseball throwing speed, what exercises should I do?
Is jogging 4 times a week enough leg workout for someone who works the upper body 3 times a week?
I work out three times a week, running a mile then lifting weights. How should I be eating?
How did CrossFit generate its initial traction? How did it go from the original gym to the first 20 locations? What were the triggers?
What am I supposed to eat after a workout when I am on a diet?
What are the best exercises to improve mobility of the shoulder joint? I get pain if I try to touch my right scapula with my left hand from behind.
Is it good to do a workout after consuming food? If not, why?
Is it harmful to do exercises during muscle cramps?
How do I become happy as a teenager and get good grades and get fit?
What are some affirmations to say to do beginner pushups?
What is the best aerobic workout to follow online?
How do I do a lower, upper and middle chest workout with push-ups?
How do I maximize my endurance (running) within 9 days?
What is the best gym routine one can carry out at home to burn belly fat, considering you have minimal weights/equipment?
What should be the sequence for yoga, Pranayam and meditation?
Why don't women bench press?
Is it a good idea for me to start Capoeira when I have scoliosis?
How do I stop using the PC too much and study more/workout more?
Can limescale build up in the body?
How can a skinny guy build an average body?
Which sport is good for full body tone and fitness football or athletics?
How can I tell whether my kettle bell is the right weight for me?
What are the benefits of getting Yoga Certification?
What are the 10 components of fitness?
Where can I be trained in squats in Bangalore?
Is EMS fitness safe?
Should I buy a magnetic resistance or brake resistance exercise bike?
How do I prevent my nipple from chafing when I work out?
How long will it take to notice a difference from working out 20 minutes a day?
If you do not exercise, but eat healthy, how much protein should you eat?
If I start lifting weights, will I start getting women?
Is it enough for me to do two weight training sessions and two swimming sessions a week? (I'm sixty years old.)
Should I draw mind maps of exercise solving instead of plainly solving exercises to get better grades in physics and maths?
As a person with little free time to experiment, what yoga poses should I do every day to ensure I'm healthy?
What are the best workouts (without equipment) for getting a big chest and arms and getting abs?
Why is the breath rate higher as the longer distance you run?
What do you say to fat relatives who tell you you're crazy for losing weight?
What happens if I don’t do ab exercises properly?
Did you have a good friend who pointed out the flaws in your idea & helped you improve it? How did it all work out? How did you start?
As a fitness beginner, I am having a little trouble lifting weights. I can do about 10-12 reps of dumbbell curls on my right hand, but not on my left. Why?
How do I get a wider chest at 16?
How can I make myself a faster runner?
How many calories does constant and proper hula-hooping burn?
What will be impact on my body, if I do cycling and skipping rope for half an hour each?
How can I get abs as a skinny teen at home without equipment?
How much do I have to eat to put on weight and build muscle?
What can be done to reduce errors in work leading to wrong numbers pulled out for client projects?
What is the difference between predicting a 10 second or 1 minute return and predicting a 5 minute or even 30 minute return in futures/stocks?
What can busy entrepreneurs do to fit health & fitness into their daily routine?
How helpful is aerobics when combined with cardio and strength training?
Why are most people against workout partners or "fitness buddies?" I love mine.
What are the main muscles used for jumping jacks?
Which bodyweight workout is suited for skinny men?
Which is best, a boot camp or a gym?
How much do you walk on average every day?
Can weightlifting rejuvenate?
What are good exercises after a knee reconstruction?
What are the most useful exercises to do early in the morning?
Why do I have veiny abs?
I'm a high school junior, and haven't grown much since 7th grade. I'm only 5'4", 120lbs, and I don't exercise often. Is it too late for me to grow?
How can I lose the flab on my stomach?
If the miltary press is too hard on my rotator cuff due to arthritis, what other exercises could I do?
I almost have a full beard at 16. Do I have lots of testosterone, which is good for weightlifting?
Do I have to lose fat to build muscle?
How much volume work for each and every muscle?
What are some short term effects of exercise on your muscles?
How do I become a Pilates instructor in the USA?
What's a quick workout that I could do to bulk up my T-shirt with muscle, without dumbbells?
How much weight could be lifted if an effort of 100 pound were applied?
How do I get abs while I'm eating a lot to get bigger too?
How can I reduce 10 kg in 20 days?
How can I learn to do the Asian squat?
If you exercise in only a certain period of your life, would you live longer than if you had never exercised at all?
Is it bad I only hydrate right before my workout?
What kind of body and muscles can you get with only a bodyweight workout?
Can anyone hold bicep dumbbells for 30 minutes without rest, given the dumbbells weigh 20kg (45lbs) each?
What exercise is the quickest way to lose weight?
Do planks burn fat?
How can I get a lean body at home (such as Finn Balor of WWE)?
Is it stupid that after 12 months of no exercise I took 10mg of dextroamphetamine and a large can of Redbull, to get my heart rate up to 190bpm?
Are there any boxing gyms in KL where a 14-year-old can train?
How long will it takes for me to touch my toes with daily stretching?
How do I strengthen my knees, to run everyday?
How do I get lean in 2 months if I am overweight?
What is the best way to run so you don’t injure your knees?
Is a 21 out of 30 good on the Mensa workout good?
I’m 15, nearly 5'9 and 198 pounds. Should I intensively workout my whole body in a day, 3 times a week with 2 days of gap for resting and light calisthenics?
How important are core abdominal strength, leg muscle strength, and arm strength in relationship with one another?
What are the health benefits of going into a sauna post workout?
What people suffering from arthritis can do to improve muscle strength other than weight lifting?
When I stand with my arms at my side and spin in circles, why do my arms lift up without effort?
I'm 15, should I do non intensive strength training and abdominal workouts 5 times a week?
What are the best weight workout routines for rowing?
What are best chest waders?
How can I strengthen the muscles in my hand?
Is it ok to have sex 4 or 5 times a week as a body builder?
I have APT, which makes my lower back tight and weak. Does this mean that I shouldn't add lower back exercises to my workout?
What is the best exercise for helping reduce dizziness?
Is sports or exercise better?
How do I increase my workout time? My muscles become so heavy after 40-45 minutes that I can’t even continue with some other muscle workouts?
How do I reduce belly, side fat and man boobs naturally by exercising or yoga for an adult (age 23 years)?
Where do you recommend getting cheap yet pretty and comfy exercise / yoga attire in Singapore? Is JB worth travelling to for getting cheaper goods?
How do I combine a pure push-ups training with "normal" gym?
What can you say about the RP-US Balikatan exercises?
What are some basic workouts/stretches to be flexible?
How many times a week do you need to change your socks?
How can I make leg day less boring?
How do I acquire the ability to immediately understand math, without going through exercises?
How can I reduce my belly fat? I have a slipped disc.
Is reformer Pilates a good workout?
Is a gym better than running in a stadium?
Which muscles should I train to get rid of kyphosis?
How can I keep myself from getting chills after running?
What is better, going to the gym or doing self-weight exercises?
Why do I get more tired from walking slowly than walking at a brisk pace?
How do I lose weight if I love beer and hate dieting?
What limits how fast humans can run?
Is it ok to run with sore muscles?
Is it possible to build overall body muscles and reduce belly fat at the same time?
What's a good way to loosen up a tight lower back?
What kind of pull-ups or chin-ups work biceps the most?
What are the best exercises to grow your legs?
What's the best way to gain weight and start lifting?
Why do the muscles above and to the sides of my mouth contract when I swing my arms in full, forward circles?
Does it affect working out in summer?
If we eat like beasts and exercise for 1 hour without stopping, what will happen?
How many miles could I walk/run in a day with a 40lb backpack?
When lifting to failure should I be able to complete as many reps for each subsequent set?
How do I get a great chest?
What should girls eat after a workout?
Is the lateral raise a push or a pull exercise?
What Should be my diet plan to loose 7 kgs, should I consider taking protein powder since I hit the gym 5 times a week?
Is it possible to be fit and fat?
How can I get significantly fitter and leaner in a month?
What is the core strength of your family? Why do you think it is so strong?
What is the difference between power lifting and olympic lifting?
Can a person get from being very physically unfit and unhealthy to very fit and strong in a year, if already skinny?
What is the best exercise routine that may be done daily at home for 10 minutes for all round fitness?
Why does eating protein before a workout make you sweat more?
Is it possible to completely transform yourself with just a few pairs of dumbbells and pull-up bars?
How do you strengthen your middle section and bottom without excessive exercise?
As a female, how can I gain more muscle mass in my upper body? What are the best workouts?
How safe are fitness bands to wear all the time?
Do guys in the locker room at the gym talk comment about some of the ladies to each other?
Why should I make time for exercise?
How can I ensure, as a personal trainer, that I'm offering my clients varied workouts so they keep coming back?
How much exercise must a heart patient do at age 70? What diet is recommended?
What are the best whole body exercises?
Should I exercise with somewhat sore legs?
What is the best workout to strenghten my core?
Should I feel the pump after working out my upper back?
What kind of workouts are for getting stronger without getting bigger (muscle mass) like the guys on America's Ninja Warriors?
Is it bad if I do only weight training and no other type of exercise for a whole year? Would doing both weight lifting and cross country be better?
How often in a week should I hit the gym in order to get a bulky body?
I am trying to get better at medicine ball overhead throws. Should I focus more on the muscles I need or just continue my full bodybuilding workout?
How can I stay motivated to exercise? I have good health and don't have any issues so I always talk myself out of it.
What is the best machine for abs in the gym?
Is lifting heavy things an alternative to lifting weights, or does it break the muscle down?
Can spondylolisthesis be cured through yoga?
Is it normal to have red spots on your arms after training (crossfit)?
How can I start exercising after an accident?
What is the best training exercise for surfing?
If I work out and don't wipe away the sweat, making it seep back into my pores, will it render the workout useless?
The body produces adrenaline to raise the heartbeat during both exercise and emotional stress. Why, then, is exercise good for the heart, but stress isn't?
How do I train effectively in Ramadan -Weightlifting?
Should those who have heavy weight bodies do push ups?
Do our height increase after the age of 17 if we do regular exercise?
Can I quit gym and start doing only cardio?
Which is the best gym in Indore for girls?
What is the correct time to go jogging?
What streches can I do before crossfit?
How do I regain my flexibility?
Do three 10-minute workouts per day give the same health benefits as one 30-minute workout using treadmill?
Does it count as exercise if it doesn't raise your heart rate?
Should I move on to free weights?
Is a glass of red wine equivalent to an hour at the gym?
What are the best workouts/exercices to get a cobra back?
How often should you resistance train when you are in your mid-40s?
What is a good leg routine for a 5′7″ tall guy who weighs 60kg? My routine is in the details.
Could you suggest me a workout?
Should I workout if my elbow hurts whenever I fully extend it?
What yoga poses should I avoid if I have SI joint pain?
How can I have upper, middle and lower chest workouts with just push-ups?
Is it enough having one weight training and one aerobic workout a week?
Which workout targets the most muscles in the body?
Which is the good exercise for back pain?
I am 165 cm tall, and I weigh 44kg. I exercise twice/week and eat healthy, but somehow my body stopped changing. How can I gain muscle mass?
How we can loose weight with little exercise?
Has anyone had a knee arthroscopy for microfissures? Was it successful? I can't exercise my leg as instructed without excruciating pain.
What's the fastest way of looking strong and fit?
Besides health, is there any real benefit to exercising and being fit?
What are the best strength exercises for women?
How is walking good for the heart?
Why does my squat improve more than my bench?
Can a 42 year old man who made it to his goal by dropping 67 pounds, work on his abs and have abs?
How does a big chest size help?
If you start running in grade 11 and with no training start with a 18:30 5k, is there any hope for you?
Should I stop gaming as a 15-year-old in order to get better grades and to get fit?
Why do most beginner work out programs have an excessive emphasis on squatting?
Does NSIT have a gym? If so, is it good enough to work out?
Why do we get so stiff after exercising? I am 64 and can barely move after too much exercising.
Does going to the gym and lifting help you lose fat? I've been doing it regularly for 4 months, but I still have a two pack. I'm still fat.
How much heat does a workout produce?
How does a foodie, who hates to exercise, lose weight?
How bad does weightlifting or even calisthenics affect your drawing?
What are the differences between exercises to build strength and exercises to build muscle?
Should I be concerned that my right thigh makes these loud cracking sounds everytime I do a squat?
What will happen if I do 1,000 leg raises a day?
Should I workout before or after studying as a high schooler?
Does exercise help you sleep better?
Why is the tongue fastest muscle we have?
I'm experiencing extreme muscle pain from both arms and shoulders, due to a dumb workout, that has lasted for 3 days, what should I do?
Should a 60 year old join a gym?
What are some ways to get your legs leaned out but muscular? I would like to stay fit but have thinner thighs.
Is going to the gym good for the physique of a girl?
Is it necessary to reduce the number of bars in a column if its height is being reduced?
Do I reduce height if I go to the gym?
Is there such a thing as exercise intolerance? Every time I attempt to exercise I feel dreadful and sick.
Which upper body workouts will make paddling easier while surfing?
Is there an age which I should stop going to the gym?
What is the perfect weekly workout plan to gain muscle at a fast pace? Currently, I workout all of my muscles, except my shoulders and legs, twice a week.
What type of exercises can be done with a stretch band?
What is the best exercise for a 59-year-old person?
Will walking on all fours strengthen my knee caps?
What is the best time to do cardio (Walk, Jog and Running), before weights or after weights?
I've exercised moderately every other day for a year. I'm 50+ years old. Will my muscles ever stop being sore?
Which stationary exercise burns the most per hour?
Why do people walk to places instead of running?
Which exercises can increase our height after 18 years old?
How do I take whey protein, before workout or after workout?
Can a person become 6ft or 6ft 5in+ tall by exercising, regardless of genetics?
For strengthening and long term health of tendons and ligaments, are low reps more effective or high reps?
How will 8 minutes of sprinting and 45 minutes of swimming twice a weekend affect me physically?
Is on-the-spot jogging effective?
What are the requirements for an advanced yoga class?
Will yoga help me reduce my BP?
Should I workout everyday and how long if I'm weak and skinny?
What is the longest I should be riding an exercise bike?
What is the best physical activity for a 50-year-old to keep fit?
What gives you motivation for fitness?
How can I make my calf muscles bigger?
Why do a lot of non-straight women have broader shoulders? Is it a biological reason linked to homosexuality?
How important is a fit body in terms of survival and life expectancy?
My parents say if I miss school for being sick, then I can't lift weights the same day. Is this right?
How do I get mass on my chest?
Which is better for burning calories, calisthenics or weight training?
What is the difference between CrossFit and gym exercises?
What is a good weight training routine 2 times a week?
Why does Quincy Larson always recommend audiobooks and when does he listen to them?
What are the tips to be followed during workouts?
I'm 20. How can I go from 5 ft 9 to 6 ft 1?
What is the shortest and most effective daily gym routine?
How many times a week I can do full Sudarshan Kriya in follow up sessions? Is there any side effect if I do it 4 to 5 times a week?
Can a complete strength training program be built around kettlebell swings, the barbell deadlift, and bodyweight pull-ups?
Should I do calisthenics or running as a teenager to get fit and skinny and healthy?
What should I do to improve my arm strength for push up?
How long should I work out at the gym to lose weight?
If served dessert before dinner at a formal event, do I eat it before or after the entree?
Which is the best beginner gym workout routine to build muscle and lose fat for a 32 year old male?
Is it possible to build a good muscular body in 1 -2 months without going to the gym?
How can I reduce my arms?
Its been 8 month since I stopped exercising. My body feels stiff, my hands and my rest of my body feels warm all the time. What can I do to get well?
Can I attract women by being lifting weights?
Is exercise bad for you?
What is the best way for a senior to strength train?
What results can be seen after doing 20 minutes elliptical trainer daily?
Can you improve vision with excercise?
I only have a bench for bench press, leg lifts on the bench and 56 pounds worth of weights. What workouts can I do?
What is the proper form for pull-ups and push-ups in the Air Force?
What are the benefits Of Fitness And Exercise?
What’s the fastest you ever sprinted?
What is the best strength training program for a 62 year old man trying to build muscle?
Can you join the best yoga center in the world?
Are hula hoop rotations beneficial in any way if they’re included alongside weight training?
Why should you warm up before playing badminton?
If a skinny person lifts, does he get bigger or more toned?
What is the best exercise for a flat stomach?
Why does my gym instructor despise cardio?
Shouldn’t the Indian police maintain fitness standards even for regular service members since most lose track of fitness once they get selected?
What length should exercise bands be?
Can an employer round up hours if less then 30 minutes?
What are some side effects for 16-year-old boys who go to gym?
How can I build a strong app?
What are the differences in calorie burning in walking and biking?
Why do the muscles above and to the sides of my mouth constrict when I swing my arms in full circles?
If I swim 36 laps instead of 24 laps, 3 times / week, will my metabolism be faster on the days following these workouts?
How can I add bodyweight exercises on workout days?
Which PSU has no physical fitness test?
How much weight and repetitions do you do while doing squats and deadlifts?
How often should I work a muscle group as a teenager?
What are the reasons to feel shortness of breath and sweating while excercising?
What are some good physical exercises for sex?
If pushups on a carpet will limit your gains (I've been told), wouldn't doing them on a yoga mat or on grass have the same effect?
What is the quickest possible way to gain muscle as a basketball player?
How do I program a HealthStream GS1195T endurance treadmill?
What is the best diet and exercise program for a 300lb man like myself?
Does doing uperbody weight lifting build visible abs?
Can I workout with dumbbells after a meal?
How does a slim person build up his muscles in the next 4 months?
Which exercises are best for the butt if I have hip dysplasia and bad knees?
What's a good routine for a full workout at a gym?
How important is it to eat after a workout?
Besides weight loss, what are the benefits of daily exercise?
Who are your role models in gym and fitness?
How many squats should one do for quick results?
What are some good basic exercises for a 14 year old to do inside?
I have been having a sore lower back, which just escalated with a level-up on a dead-weight rep. Should I just keep applying heat and wait it out?
Should I give blood after running for 4 miles?
What would you think to be the best training regimen with the available exercises?
Between running, cycling and rowing which one results in the highest energy expenditure and why?
Can I get fit body just by walking one hour a day?
What are some easy ways for people with desk jobs to stay fit?
What should be eaten for breakfast when you workout in the evening everyday?
Is there any free workout and nutrition regimen website or app with feedback for getting fit?
If those who are against treadmill running were to live in a place with an extreme climate, would they still run outdoors?
Does aerobic exercise help in migraine?
Why do people get weaker with age despite following the same fitness routine and diet regimen?
What are the things one can do to be fit?
How does one transition into eating two meals per day and exercising again without screwing up their metabolism?
How long does it take to see results from working out as a teen?
Should I workout with my girlfriend?
Is there any standard workout routine for Ectomorphs?
Is it okay to just do side jacknives for obliques? Because I heard somewhere that obliques work for twisting as well.
How do I reverse type 2 diabetes with food and exercise alone? Please include specifics meal plans or type of exercises in your answer.
Which exercises will give you broad shoulders without going to a gym?
What is the importance of aerobic activities?
Is it possible for an athlete to have the strength and muscles of a bodybuilder, and the endurance of a marathon runner at the same time?
Will continuous exercise to my physical limits, even in old age, give me a longer lifespan?
What exercises can I do to gain strength and increase muscle size? Also, how do I reduce belly fat?
Is jogging for two minutes then walking for eight and doing that for twenty minutes good?
After how many days can eyes be cured by yoga?
What are the health benefits of early morning exercises?
Why is it important to stretch after exercise, what happens if I don't?
How do I train for 8k run?
How can I make my stomach flatter in a week?
What’s the best arm and forearms routine?
Does arthritis and strenuous exercise go hand and hand when you are older, e.g. above 70?
What are some breathing exercises that increases the lung capacity?
How can I start gym exercises for good health?
What is the use of pull up and pull down resistors in a micro-controller?
Why doesn't the body want to exercise?
Is it possible to get a pointy nose with nothing else but face exercises?
Is it really possible for a man of 28 to become fit and esthetic after being obese for 15+ years by following strict excercise and diet regiments?
What are gym membership fees per month in Copenhagen for weightlifting?
I have missed 8 days of my gym due to fever. Will I lose my gains?
What are the best yoga asanas and exercises without any stress on the belly and abdomen?
Should you train rear delts on a pull day or push day?
What is the best alternative to a personal trainer?
How do I cancel a Weibo VIP membership without paying?
Are Zen monks encouraged to engage in physical exercise? If not, why?
Are AirPods good to use while running?
After doing yoga religiously and being vegetarian (eating very little oil) for a month, I've lost only 2kg. Should I be worried?
I want to build a fitness software application. What are people's worst pain points when getting into shape? Workout planning, nutrition, etc.?
How can I prevent pain in my knees while doing leg stretching?
If exercising a lot keeps you young and is anti-ageing, then why do many who work out have a lot of wrinkles?
What do I need to do to build strength for Parkour/Calisthenics?
Why can't I find the energy and motivation to work out?
Is it normal for the front part of my calves to hurt from standing too long?
What workout plan should be followed if planning to have a baby without risking a miscarriage due to stress?
What is the name of a small engine that can lift 100 kg of weight?
What are some good ways to go from skinny to fit?
Which type of pushups are good for us?
If a man never works out, what will happen to him? Will he live a shorter life than the men who work out regularly?
What are some effective excersises I can implement into my workout routine that will speed up my progress towards a one arm pull up?
How can I begin the business in yoga?
Why do I feel so turned on sometimes after I workout on my legs?
How frequently do YOU back squat vs. front squat?
Are there any positives to working out the same muscle two days in a row?
How and when do I get back in my shape?
How can I get a lean body at home without using any equipment?
What exercises are there to lose belly, hip, and thigh fat?
What are scarecrow exercises?
After how many days is it safe to start exercising again after suffering from a cold?
How can I get flat abs in 6 weeks?
How many days does it take the shoulders to recover after workout?
How can I workout and not be sore?
Is it okay to do both swimming and gym after 50?
Is it bad for someone who weight lifts not to have a calorie surplus?
How can I reduce my belly fat and waist size from 35 to 28 or 29 as they keep on increasing even though I workout?
What's a good way to lose 10kg in 2 weeks without much exercise?
What exercise would you suggest for a woman to lose thigh fat?
What is the best way to reduce weight, working out at the gym or running?
Why do some people have small hips and big thighs?
What are the most effective traps exercises?
How does the intensity and duration of exercise affect the hormonal response?
How can I go to a gym without losing my cheeks?
How much excercise is considered excessive?
How can I keep doing exercise if I'm not eating well?
As a bodybuilder with a hunchback, what kinds of concerns should I have while lifting weights? What are the exercises I should/shouldn't be doing?
How long should I exercise/workout when time isn't an issue?
What are some examples of muscular endurance?
Which workout will broaden my upper body frame?
Do workouts affect growth?
Will running help lower body weight?
Why do wrists hurt while doing a downward dog yoga position?
Running is the best thing for me to keep my mood in check. It's my hobby. How can I improve muscle gain at gym and not cut my running?
How does Akram Khan stays consistent in his workouts?
Can I do body weight exercises after intense weight training?
Which are the best chest exercises to develop the outer pectoral muscle?
How many times per week should I do a HIIT workout, and how many times should I do a strength workout?
After an exercise, I felt like throwing up and my vision became very bright, like the grass was glowing neon green. Does anyone know why it occurred?
How can you prevent feeling dizzy when working out?
Is lifting 30kg weight 20 times and 20kg 30 times the same?
How much exercise is safe in the morning?
How can we be fit mentally and physically?
How do I reduce my body fat and get ripped?
What can I do, when my right chest is bigger than my left chest?
How many miles should I run a week?
Will weightlifting stunt height growth?
How can I make my right shoulder lift up as far as the left while walking?
Does Jocko Willink really workout 7 days a week every morning?
What's the best way to run a sub-3 minute 800 meter run?
What are some calisthenics exercises for shoulders (that do not involve pull-up bars)?
When can I lift weights after a back operation?
How do some guys get so strong without ever hitting the gym?
What are the best outfits for workout for a female (it would be helpful with images)?
How do I run the 400 meter dash properly?
What are some exercises to burn stomach and thigh fat?
How can I be more fit?
How do I complete 1,600 meters in 7 minutes?
Why does every train stops at Visakhapatnam for 20 minutes?
What is the difference between a bulk body and a lean body?
What is a good workout routine for those trying to gain weight?
What do I need to do at home to get my abs to show if I'm already skinny?
What body weight is enough to make you feel heavy against a push?
How do I maintain flexibility of my body when I'm working out regularly?
Is there an easy way to fix text neck posture?
What if a fit man stops exercising?
What should I avoid eating before intense cardio training to stop me from needing to poop?
Is a morning walk good for your health?
How can I gain my body structure?
What are some agility exercises examples?
How do I build my upper chest?
In a month or two, can you get a decent six-pack of abdominals?
How many sit-ups would a person have to do in a single night to see results the next day?
What kind of exercises would you recommend for a teenager who wants to start gaining muscle mass at home, without fancy equipment?
What music/song should I be listening to while running or working out?
How do one start exercising after a C-section?
Which one jumps faster, a guy without a jump-rope or a guy with a jump-rope?
What are the pros and cons of stretching everyday?
What happens if you do cardio on a calorie surplus?
How do I do a plank properly?
When should I start to exercise after my pregnancy?
What exercises can help to reduce stiffness in my broken wrist?
What are the best medicines and exercises for a healthy brain?
What are some great strength training exercises that can be done anywhere?
Did stretching, hanging, sprinting or any sort of exercise work for you to grow taller? If so, how?
Which pranayama and yoga poses are recommended for someone who has already quit smoking?
If you apply pressure to a bone every day, will it eventually move in the direction you are pushing it?
Where can I learn about losing weight without dieting and exercising?
How does running increase your fitness? How much time should I spend running every day?
How do I increase my muscles?
Will I gain weight if I go to the gym only 2 times a week?
How can I rebuild and strengthen cartilage?
What is a way to reduce the breadth of only the lower body, especially thighs, but not the upper body?
Which exercises are good for sex?
What is a good amount of sit ups to do daily to strengthen my abs?
How can I improve my stamina and strength?
How can I build muscle at home with a pair of dumbbells 15kgs each and doing pushups?
How do I wake up early in the morning, in hot summers, to exercise and not feel lazy?
Is it bad for men to have soy protein (more specifically after weight lifting)?
Is there a way to lose belly fat without eating healthy and exercising?
What is a good fitness routine for a musician especially a guitarist?
Is one egg per day enough for muscle gain?
How many months does it take for a complete body transformation if we do gym workouts for 2 hours a day, 6 days a week?
How do I avoid losing muscle mass?
My legs are too skinny compared to my upper body, so what are the best leg workouts to build heavy and thicker legs?
Which is better, doing mat exercises or going to the gym?
What are some very simple free-hand exercises for absolute beginners at home?
How long and how often should I exercise to see some serious muscle gains?
Can Sennheiser wireless headphones be used for workouts in the gym?
How do you calculate relative fitness?
What's the best way to lose weight slowly? I work away a lot, so I stay at a hotels. I don't do any exercises at the moment, and I'm currently 5'9 at 270 lbs.
How much should you rest in a day?
What is cardio exercise?
How can I work on my pectorals with no bench, just dumbbells and a barbell?
Should we do cardio before weights? Or cardio after weight training?
Will I lose fat if I jog in one spot for 30 minutes a day?
How do I learn CrossFit without a trainer?
How can I maintain my physical fitness while I'm over 60?
Is it true that you train push-ups daily without resting?
What else can I do to loosen up my calves?
Is there an exercise which can replace sit-ups? I've heard they have a high body DMG percent.
What is the best gym in Greeley, Colorado?
How do I make my back thighs bigger?
What are some upper body workouts if you’re so weak you can't do a push up?
Is it good if I run for 30 minutes, stop a little bit, then carry on running?
Why am I having aches and soreness when I work?
What should I do first in a cycle of meditation, yoga and exercise?
How do you perform lingual exercises?
Will I gain muscle faster if I have a fitness coach?
How can I build a massive chest with heavy weights?
Why do women refuse to go to the gym by saying they don't want to look mannish?
Will strengthening my toes and ankles increase my vertical jump and running speed?
What are the simple but important exercises I should do if I am a teenage girl?
What are some good workout routines for a rowing machine?
How can I build muscles if I have a coronary heart disease?
What books do you recommend for nutrition plans, workout routines, and getting a healthy, ripped body?
What is better for a (sprinting) athlete, pull ups or barbell rows?
How many kms should I run to lose 7 kg per month?
How can I lift and tone flabby arms with a workout? How long does it take? Is it really effective with excess skin?
Is going to the gym once every two days good?
Will our stomach increase if we stop doing abdomen exercises?
Is it normal to yawn when you're at the gym working out?
Will push-ups alone help in fat reduction?
How can I get back into the shape I was in 5 years ago? I'm 25 years old. How much time is it probably going to take?
Why can I lift 85% of my max with good form and speed but at 95% my form breaks down and I can barely get in a couple of reps?
What is a single exercise that combines aerobic and anaerobic activity?
What is a good workout routine for getting cut, diet included?
Why aren't you exercising right now?
What are some examples of muscular endurance in sports?
How do fitness models get ripped?
Is it safe and healthy to do heavy weight squat for a person with flat feet and overpronation?
Why is exercising indoors better than exercising outdoors when there is high ozone concentration in the air?
Should I do cardio/HIIT for 1-2 months then weights?
What’s more important, an 8 hour good night sleep or exercising in the morning?
How does the weight of a body affect its motion if the body is moving on a horizontal plane?
Other than losing weight, how do you make yourself able to walk around for several hours consecutively without having sore legs?
What workout can you recommend to strenghten my lower back?
Is cardio really necessary for fat loss?
How can a person start exercising again after gaining a lot of weight and losing motivation?
What is the minimum age for a person to join the gym?
What are the sports for lower body weight loss?
Is it bad to do squats when taking a shower?
Which exercise machines do you use at home for working out?
Why do my legs hurt after running?
How effective are isometric exercises?
Why do I get a rash when I exercise?
What kind of exercises do you need to do to get a bigger butt?
Why does leg workout takes most strength?
What are good companies to buy above-average-weight free weights from?
What physical activity is required for the CRPF?
In terms of losing weight, is it better to go on a diet and not exercise as much, or to eat normally and create a strict fitness routine?
I run a 5:20 mile and want to run a sub 4:40 by the beginning of track season in 9 months. What type of training do I need to run it?
Do leg muscles build stamina?
How do you get flat abs in a month?
Has any one achieved great results by doing yoga daily?
What should I eat at night (dinner) to reduce my belly fat?
I'm a 16 year old girl and just ran a 8:50 mile. I haven't done any physical activity in the last 2 years. How do I improve my mile time?
How do toned arms differ from muscular arms?
Is it bad to exercise if you are a heavy smoker?
How can I increase my stamina for running?
Why is my right arm swollen after a workout at the gym? I am having no pain but my arm feels heavy. What is the reason?
How does an ABS work?
What five weight training exercises would you choose for a full body routine?
What are the exercises I should do for running 100m if I am aiming for the Olympics?
How much exercise should I get each day if I work a desk job?
To what extent can light aerobic exercise lower blood pressure?
How can I keep my knees in line when squatting? I experience a lot of popping and clicking after I squat.
What's Dale Steyn's workout?
Why do I feel like puking or vomiting every time I complete a gym workout?
Can you bulk up without getting more fat?
What is a good beginner workout for strength and muscle built?
How many calories does 20 minutes of running burn?
When you do cardio, does your heart get stronger? Or do your muscles just use the oxygen more efficiently?
Are the deadlifts and squats helping to reduce weight and burn fat?
Is it cool to grunt and moan while lifting weights at the gym?
Why do your hands shake after lifting weights?
What are some weight bearing exercises?
What are wrong things in yoga, is it medically foolproof?
What happens when a female bodybuilder stops working out?
How many times a day should I work out?
What's the ideal time duration for cardio exercise per day at the gym? This is for huge weight reduction for men.
How long do I have to do these exercises until I have normal posture?
How can I lose fat, get skinny, fit and healthy as a teenager and fit in my clothes?
What are the benefits of doing pushups? How does it help women? How many reps. should one do?
Why does it seem that every fitness and bodybuilding instructor advocates against cardio training, when in fact it’s one of the best exercises you can do?
Can we go to the gym after swimming?
Is it normal that my left side of the body (legs, shoulders, arms, chest) is bigger than my right even though I'm right handed?
Is it difficult to reduce fat around your hips after the age of 65, especially in summer when it is too hot to walk? What can I do, other than going to gym or using a treadmill?
What is the best exercise routine for a skinny 13-year-old?
If I don't sweat while riding my bicycle, does that mean I am not burning calories?
What all exercises/cardio/gym can I (26-years-old) do to lose 18 kg (92-74 ideal), considering that my right shoulder joint got dislocated and relocated?
How many calories does bending over backwards burn?
Can I lift weights 5 days in a row? I'm 42 years old.
Am I allowed to use the gym after school?
Which type of stretches are recommended for the beginners, dynamic or static?
What are some tips for improving leg flexibility?
Is there a way to meet women in my yoga classes?
After I eat lunch, what can I drink/eat as far as bodybuilding supplements to lower my hunger until post-workout?
Does regular diet and exercise help with anxiety and depression?
What should one eat if he wakes up at 6:30am, and has to be at the gym by 7am?
If I don't feel like going to the gym after work, would going in the morning be a good idea?
Where can I see videos of meditation exercises online?
We've all heard people say that walking is just as effective as running in terms of exercise. Is this true?
Is it possible to look normal with a receding chin?
Is doing 50 knee press ups the same as doing 25 normal ones?
How do I maintain a workout diet when living in PG?
How do I find a balance between muscle gain and cardio workouts?
How did your body change once you started working out?
What 3 workouts can I do in my little apartment to stay in shape?
What if you didn't eat much but didn't exercise? Would you still lose as much weight as if you exercised and didn't eat much?
Is it good for a single guy to masturbate 3 to 4 times a week?
Talent isn't enough these days. Why?
How long do you have to exercise stock after leaving a company?
Will eating significantly less get me a six-pack faster?
Can a female build up strength same as a male through weight lifting and exercises?
How do I get toned legs & a big butt?
What body proportions are best for endurance running?
What should I do to get fit as a teenager and get skinny, strong and healthy?
What should one prefer for a toned body, aerobics, Zumba, Pilates, yoga or weight training in the gym?
Why do strength calisthenics (10-15 reps per set) make me more sore than weight training?
How can I get my hip fat back?
What are the results for doing yoga once a week?
Does Compression (& Copper added) really work for sore muscles & other ailments?
Has anyone that you know ever made a lean body without lifting heavy weights?
What could be the reason for not losing fat despite six months of regular gym activity?
Where do you recommend getting cheap, pretty and comfy exercise / yoga attire in Singapore? Is JB worth travelling to for getting cheaper goods?
How can I get out of running the mile?
How long and to what degree do you need to elevate heart rate in exercise?
What sorts of exercise do you not do?
What are some people who beat aging with exercise and lifestyle?
Is it better to first lose body fat and then build muscle or both at the same time?
Is swimming for 1 hour daily enough of an exercise for a healthy heart if I also consume a lot of butter daily?
What are some stretches I can do to be able to do the splits?
Where can I find out more about the workout app ginger that helps you find workout partners?
How do I develop biceps and triceps? I do lift (15+15) kg dumbbells but have not gotten any impressive results.
What are the gym workouts for triceps?
I’ve been going to the gym for the last month to build muscles, and I mean big muscles. When will I start seeing a big improvement?
I can run 3k in 17 mins, how to make it below 11 minutes and how long will it take if I run 4 days a week?
How do you adjust your workout routine when you are cutting weight?
Is it advisable to go to the gym during periods?
What is the best way for me to lose my last layer of body fat, but still gain muscle?
What exercise should I do to increase my leg muscles or leg diameter?
Can I lose weight by diet alone, or must I also exercise?
How many times should I do eye yoga exercises?
How should I kick start my running (fitness) after a long injury layoff?
What feels better, sex or lifting weights? Don't say sex. It’s overrated.
Can you build endurance without running?
How should I be working out?
What should my diet plan for six-pack abs be if I exercise/work out at home without equipment?
Should I take a week off of weight training?
How many days can we stay fit without drinking?
Is it possible to get slimmer calves and a slimmer looking face?
Are there any simple exercises to tone our body?
What is the best plan to lose 10kg weight in 40 days?
Do I really need a rest day from working out? Please see the comment.
What's the best way to brush up my Mandarin with 3-4 weeks in China?
How do I know I am jogging but not running?
Is it possible to do more than 70 sit-ups in a minute?
Is Krav Maga a strength or cardio workout?
Why am I getting fat? How do I stay fit and toned?
What is the perfect time for exercise?
Why are my thighs so large?
What exercises should I do to have a fit body?
What happens if we eat rice after workouts? Is it good or bad?
What are the best jawline exercises?
How do I sew an accordion stretch panel, does the elastic have to be pre-stretched?
What is the best workout plans blog?
Is stretching important post-workout?
Is standing punishment good for one’s health?
Will girls go crazy over me if I start lifting weights and getting in shape?
How bulletproof are the weighted vests used for exercise?
Where in Rishikesh can I learn Kundalini Yoga?
Apart from working out at the gym, how do men generally train (context: India)?
What are the pros and cons of working out all seven days?
If I do weight training 4 days a week but don't eat enough, will I be in danger of over training?
Is 41 push ups in one minute good for a thirteen year old male?
Are high knees a vigorous exercise?
What are the benefits of working out 7 days a week?
Is doing 300 burpees per day a good workout?
Why are my muscles bigger after a workout?
What style of climbing is the best upper body workout?
What is the best ab exercise? What is the best type of exercise for a 6-pack? Don’t worry about nutrition. I've got that covered.
Should I lift weights immediately after eating to gain muscle?
Can you lift things to be strong without using dumbbells?
Can I lose weight by exercising, but not changing my diet?
What is your typical golf warm-up routine?
How can I lose weight again after gaining some due to lack of exercising and rough eating?
Is there any harm in doing strength and cardio exercise everyday?
Which is better for girls, the gym or aerobics?
What are some ways to do weight training that'll help me get ripped when I won't have access to a gym because I'll be traveling long term?
It's been 110 days since I got an operation on my leg for a tendon that had ruptured. I'm still not able to put weight on my leg. Is that normal? What should I do?
Is it advisable to buy a treadmill online?
How do I make time for workouts when I have a busy schedule?
Why does time seem to slow down during exercise?
What was the experience like for someone who got into FIT?
How do I burn body fat fast and gain (or maintain at least) muscle?
Has the Hulk really lifted the weight of a star, as some people claim?
I want to lose fat and gain muscle, should I set my macros to lose or gain weight?
How can I work out (strength, muscle building) while on a trekking tour with no access to a gym?
Can I run one hour per day as well as going everyday to the gym? Would such intensity have any down side?
How do I increase my muscles on the sides of my glutes?
How can I get bigger forearms?
How much do you have to Squat in order to dunk?
How can I cure constipation if I have already tried everything including exercises and medications?
How many calories do I burn if I walk for 60 minutes or take 7,000 steps in a day?
What are the best 15 minutes workout to stay in shape?
Where should you start if you want to burn excess fat and do some toning up this summer? Is a cleanse recommended to start with, or are they purely a fad?
What is your preference, fitness training or yoga, and why?
How many push-ups, crunches, leg raises and squats should I do to lose 80lbs?
Is calisthenics more effective at cutting body fat than HIIT training?
What is the strength of strength?
How many times a week should I workout to grow a butt?
What's another way to work on my abs other than abs workouts?
Would a wider back, bigger shoulders, stretched out fully fingers increase your wingspan?
What are the best workouts to get big biceps?
How can I improve my endurance for soccer?
Why is walking in the woods beneficial for your health?
Is morning exercise good for slim guys?
How can I start gym exercises?
Can squint be cured by exercise?
Can you build a muscular body through yoga, since essentially you are lifting your entire body weight by doing yogic asanas and exercises?
Whats are the best exercises to build huge calves?
Does doing yoga alone could make a person slim and fit?
Will I lose muscle if I lift lighter weights?
How can I manage to get fit, healthy, skinny as a teen?
Is running in place considered a vigorous exercise?
How can we get young people to do more exercise?
How can I achieve washboard abs and defined pectoral muscles at home?
What is a good weight bearing exercise for osteopenia?
Does burning fat increase the need for water (substantially)?
Is it possible to lose weight and build muscle through weight training only?
What is the perfect weekly schedule to reach my highest cardio potential?
Do I still have a chance of widening my hips?
What are some exercises to lift and shape my butt?
How much time should I do cycling to get rid of my pouch-like tummy?
What factors are important in determining the length of time for breath holding when at rest during re-breathing and exercising?
Which exercises and other stuff do you recommend for making your booty grow? Can that happen?
What builds more mass in weightlifting? More reps and less sets or less reps and more sets?
Can a 13-year-old boy perform push-ups? Are there any side effects?
What workout split would be best for someone in the military that requires all around fitness, and incorporates at least 3 days of cardio?
What is the best cardio exercise for someone suffering from back pain?
How can women get a lean and muscular physique?
How many push-ups are needed per day to get a 6-pack abs?
What are the exercises to cure knock knees?
Is it ok if all I do is work out at the gym and sleep it off? I'm extremely frustrated with everything.
While doing kegel exercises, I used to get pain in my legs. Am I doing them right?
How can I stop being lazy and get motivation to run and get fit and skinny?
Let's say X does strength training for one year, and Y does cardio for one year. Who burns the most fat?
Will losing weight and exercising make cellulite go away?
When you stop consuming protein, how long until you feel the effects?
How heavy is too heavy to stop growth?
I want to look fit on my 20th birthday. I have 7 months and I am starting my workout. What should I do for my diet, being from an Indian household?
How do I become muscular in one month?
What is the best exercises for bad knees?
What is the different body shapes of girls?
Do MBBS students go to the gym?
I am lifting weights for over 5 months and taking whey isolates, but do not seem any gain in my muscles. What am I doing wrong?
Do you consider yourself as an athelete if you're a bodybuilder who lifts 5-6 times a week?
How can one lose belly and butt fat?
Why is distance running so popular?
Can most women achieve an "hour glass figure" with diet and exercise?
How long does it take to see the effects of a healthy diet, and what are the effects that take place?
Is Ensure a good post-workout drink?
How should I reduce weight without hitting the gym?
Is there any way I can improve my mental stamina?
What is the best way to reduce weight, by jogging, cycling, or swimming?
How can I impress girls in yoga class?
Would working out before exams help reduce stress/increase performance?
Can you have a full workout with only one exercise?
What does it take to be a cardiovascular surgeon?
How often should one do street workout?
What is the main disadvantage of circuit training?
What are some advantages of developing breathing exercises?
Does going to the gym affect one’s studies?
I'm 15 and I want to lose thigh fat and gain upper body strength. What's a good workout plan for me?
Is 6 minutes and 23 seconds a good mile time for a 13 year old?
How do I make sure I'm not slowly losing muscle mass because of over-exercise and a 2000-to-2500-calories-a-day diet?
Which is the best fitness band for under Rs. 1500?
What are some of the best ab workouts at home and with no equipment?
What is the best exercise for monster, massive shoulders? Which supplements are best?
Can I lose weight by doing 1km of running and a 4-minute Tabata workout?
Will a mix of weight lifting and HIIT cardio, while taking supplements, result in fat loss and muscle gain?
What are some workouts that don't need a lot of breathing capacity?
What are the advantages of yoga in daily life?
Can I get a full-body workout with a 45lb kettlebell?
How do I transform my body like Sahil Khan?
How do I lose 10kg in 2 weeks without a lot of exercise? I'm currently 76kg (female), with an athletic build, but my tummy is starting to pop out.
I'm having 5 small meals a day and I lift weights, but I'm not losing the bellyfat for my abs to be visible. I'm not fat. What am I doing wrong?
What is the best outfit for ladies going to the gym in India, and where can we get it?
How do I do cardio excercise at home without any equipment?
How come guys at the gym can see through a woman’s workout clothes if she’s wearing a thong?
Why do psychiatrists only spend 5 minutes with you? I feel like I need to switch my meds?
Is it okay to extra train arms and shoulders other than in the gym?
Is a toning tube useful for full body making?
How do I work out at home to build a six-pack?
Is masturbation OK after 1 hour of working out in the gym?
Would an exercise routine of squats and pull-ups for two hours a day, six days a week be enough for a 'fit' body?
Can you recommend a good post workout snack?
Don't you think it's weird that women shape who they are to get a man, and men shape who they are to get a woman?
What kind of exercises would Vivek Mittal suggest to a 72kg teenage girl if she wants to lose 10kg within one month?
How do I do pullups/chinups?
Why does exercising make my chest flat? How can I make my boobs bigger?
How do seniors usually commute if they want to leave their homes, for example, to participate in a fitness program?
How would I get abs as soon as possible?
Is it possible to start a mus cell building with Headlock Muscle?
What kind of exercise can lazy people do?
If I run/jog a mile on a treadmill, would I get the same benefits and exercise as if I had run on a track?
Why do my legs feel shaky after exercise?
What exercises can I do so I can twist my upper body around and how long will it take?
What kind of exercise will get me a body like Cameron Dallas?
Is Endura mass good while doing calisthenics?
Do you ever struggle with staying committed to running? What's your biggest motivation?
Can I increase my chest up to 10 inches?
What are some good exercises to perform on piano to help improve articulation?
It takes me almost an entire year to read and do only 1/4 of the exercises, so how do CLRS book authors design those exercises and problems?
What are the best exercises for men over 40?
Is the strength gained from squatting everyday not permanent?
How can I feel a runner's high again?
What's the difference between HICT, HIIT, HIRT, SMIT, HIVT, and VIIT?
How many times should an adult masturbate in a week?
What is a good home workout trying to get lean muscle? I don't have dumbells or weights at my house.
What is aerobic endurance in football?
How long does it take until muscle mass starts to go down after not working out?
What workout do you use to train for the 300 meter hurdles?
Does my cardio routine (30 minutes on the treadmill, alternating 1 min intense exercise with 3 min rest) meet the criteria for effective HIIT?
What are some of the best tricep exercises for mass?
Will bodybuilding make women's legs bulky? If not, then why do fitness pros (like Nikki B etc.) have big legs?
How does a skinny guy get abs without getting even skinnier?
When should I eat food after doing a workout?
Can men wear slim fitting jackets for interviews?
How do pilots manage workouts and hectic flight schedules, to keep themselves fit?
What is the best way to achieve my real complexion after swimming?
Should I draw mind maps and do exercises instead of just reading and doing exercises to get better grades in high school?
Which is better, a workout for your whole body in a single day or a workout for different body parts every other day?
Why is running outside better than on a treadmill?
What is above physically strong for an Adult man?
What are the best facelift exercises?
After a week of doing yoga, especially inhaling and exhaling, I feel some sort of sound or movements at the back of my anus. What could that be?
What are the health benefits of doing pilates during pregnancy?
Why do my thighs hurt after doing squats?
How do weight bearing exercises actually help bones?
What is the cycle of meditation, yoga, and exercise?
Can one build upper pectorals without an incline press?
If at the 'full expression' of a yoga pose the yogi is supposed to be relaxed, why do teachers' dialogs still invoke intensity and hype (push, push!)?
How do you work-out 99²+199²+299²+399²+499²-5?
What are T25 exercises?
What should I eat and what workout should I do to stop my ribs from showing?
What is the chest size of John Abraham with pump in the movie Force?
Is it enough to do a 10 minute bodyweight exercise and then run for 10 to 15 minutes to lose weight and belly fat?
If doing Olympic-style powerlifting workouts increases your muscles, why do bodybuilders work out using a split system?
What home workouts are good for 400m dash preparation?
Should I study for maths by doing exercises or by studying examples and figuring out how to solve similiar exercises?
Can we practice​ yoga after 6 in the evening?
Can a women have a flat stomach after delivery?
When getting sun exposure, should I do it 15 minutes without a break, or can I do it 10 minutes in the morning and 5 minutes in the afternoon?
What is it like to work as a fitness professional overseas? I am already familiar with the rub of what being a fitness professional in the US is like.
Is there any natural remedy for constipation/faecal retention or physical exercises for bowel health?
Is it too late to do physical exercise for my body shape?
How can a skinny 16-year-old guy start getting in shape with just a pair of dumbbells, a pull-up bar and a treadmill?
What are some exercises that help induce labor?
How do I control my bowel movements which strike every morning when I run, even after finishing two rounds of excretion?
How can I reduce my weight by doing exercising at home without any workout machines, and what are exercises that I can do?
Is Adriana Lima too muscled?
What would you recommend about running daily on road (tarmac)?
Which is the best exercise to have a great physical condition for surfing, especially for paddling?
If the penis is a muscle, why can't it be exercised to get bigger?
Is running on treadmill enough to lose weight?
How many calories does strength training burn?
How can I practice mantras and yoga at home?
Is increasing reps/sets the same as increasing the weight? Which is better, increasing sets or reps, and by what amount? And how long before we increase them?
Is it true that increasing the repetitions of workout and not the weight helps in building cuts?
What is the best way to get in shape for capoeira classes in three months?
When you burn body fat, do you burn saturated mono- and polyunsaturated fat in equal amounts, or is there a preferential one?
Is it possible to be obese yet remain healthy or physically fit?
How many times a week should I go to the gym and for how long?
How do I get more chest muscle so that my upper sternum is less visible?
What do you do when your pet does yoga?
Which kind of stretching exercise should I avoid if I have lower back pain?
What is an interesting way to get in shape?
Will my face look good if I lose fat and gain muscle?
How do rest days work when doing calisthenics?
As a 22-year-old, what health habits, diets, exercise routines, etc., should I be engaging in to lead a long, healthy life while maintaining a low body fat percentage?
What happens if you run 1 mile everyday for a year?
Which is better, gym or functional training?
Why do you need to be in a caloric surplus to build muscle?
Can I lengthen my neck with exercises?
Is it bad to always wipe your sweat while exercising?
Is there an accurate way to tell how many calories you've burned in a workout?
Is drinking on a regular basis (4-6 pegs) OK if you work out and do cardio 6 days a week (5 mile jog)?
What are some good makeup techniques for minimizing the appearance of a double chin?
Does working out make your shoulders broader?
How can a girl reduce the size of her thighs?
How many people in the world can do Bruce Lee push-ups?
What are the best ways to advertise a fitness gym?
What conditioning or other exercise can I do to improve my fitness in this arena?
What's a good body weight percentage for a dead lift?
What are some beginner basketball training exercises that can be done at home with no hoop (female)?
Your maximum weightlifting capacity may be 50 kg. If you were asked to lift a 500-kg weight, how would you do it?
Why did the finger wrinkle after swimming?
is drinking a cold smoothie after a workout good or bad?
What is the best beginner routine for hypertrophy, Fierce 5, SS, or Stronglifts?
How long should an individual exercise their mind each day to keep from regressing in IQ?
What is more important, to have a strong and fit body or a clever brain?
Is a 15 km walk per day enough to lose a stone (14 pounds or 6.35 kg.) in 6 weeks, along with a good diet?
In Bikram yoga, the standing forward to knee starts on the left leg while the standing bow pose starts on the left leg. Why does the balancing stick start on the right leg?
If I do no other exercises besides squats, will my body look weird because I'll have a huge ass and no other muscles?
Is it possible to build muscle on antipsychotics? Is it as efficient as normally?
How can you get skinny in 2 weeks?
What is the correct way to work out the result of 899½-998¾?
What’s your exercise of choice when you are limited on time?
Which sport is better to get a fit body, swimming or going to the gym?
Where can I get online training (preferably free) for doing full body work out and gym exercises, including diet?
What is best for burning belly fat: sit ups or running?
What protein drink is best for men during and after a workout? Is it okay to drink one both during and after? I weigh 63.3kg.
What food should I buy at a QuikTrip before an intense leg workout?
Why do I feel like stretching?
What is Angelina Jolie’s exercise routine?
Is there a way to shift the concept of exercise from workouts to body maintenance?
What should be the diet for a pure vegetarian who doesn’t even eat eggs so that the person can have a body like this? Also, suggest some workout hours in the gym, if you please.
Which workout should we do in the gym for height?
I am 29 yrs old, have belly fat. Now I want to loose this belly fat along with growing muscle & proper shape of body. Is it possible at this age?
How can I do 20 push-ups in 4 days? I currently do about 15.
How do I know if I am gaining muscle?
What (full body) exercises can I do to come back stronger in general from a foot injury rehab process (Achilles tear)?
Which exercise reduce tremor?
How did Franco Columbu get such a wide chest when he was so short?
How can you get a 6 pack real quick?
If you run 3 miles one day and then another 3 miles the next, would you burn the same number of calories as if you ran 6 miles in one day?
Is mixing weight lifting and high intensity cardio while taking supplements sort of like hustling backwards?
Why do you feel like you can't breathe every time you exercise?
How can I do yoga and lift weights in a single day's routine to make my body flexible and to make it look good?
Could I lose fat with cycling (while growing up)?
Is there an outdoor workout area with a pullup/chinup bar in Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China?
Which is better for building strength and muscle, heavy weight for low reps or medium weight for high reps?
What are the best exercises to have a balanced shoulder complex?
How long does it takes to get rid of gynecomastia by exercising?
Does your body initially reject exercise when you begin a serious regime?
What are some good shoulder workouts?
Should I go to the gym at the age of 16 even if I play cricket too?
Is it possible to gain 45 kg going to the gym?
How do I get off a plateau at the gym, because I'm not seeing any more gains?
How can I get the most out of our home gym?
Would doing 100 push-ups every day work just as well as doing a routine of exercises at a gym? Would you get just as strong and muscular?
Why do so many people get hurt when they practice Ashtanga Yoga?
How do I gain stamina?
Can someone make me a really hard core workout?
What is the best (fastest and easiest) way to obtain a strong, masculine body shape?
Is it possible for a 40+ age fit man to 'start over' and build muscle and tone up?
Can you find and post pictures of people doing yoga with effective posture and those who need an adjustment?
What does Akram Khan’s current workout and diet look like?
What are good stretches to do every day to train towards the splits (center, left and right)?
How do I lose belly fat without exercise? I'm too lazy.
What is the best way to workout at home without using weights or going to the gym?
What are the benefits of performing aerial yoga at home?
Is weight lifting good to lose weight?
How can I develop muscles without going to the gym or using any weights?
Is there any advantage doing seated upper body exercises versus standing? Don't you use more muscles while standing, making it more of a compound exercise?
How do I eat a healthy diet and lose weight?
What are the preferred timings to do yoga?
What are benefits of having a good body?
What is a good, short morning stretching routine that stretches most muscles?
How can I lose fat and get as skinny and fit as a 15-year-old?
What is the physiological reason as to why each post-knee-surgery exercise hurts initially for 2-3 days, then stops, until the difficulty is increased?
Can I do running along with my gym? I am doing gym in mornings and running at evening and I am a vegetarian.
What if I train every part of my body including calves except my abs?
Is it better to get a massage before or after a workout?
Which is the best exercise​?
How can I build my stamina for a long hike?
Is gym good for women?
What is elliptical good for?
How do I lose fat around my arms without making it look bulky?
What are great exercises for building muscle while losing body fat without using weights?
Does strength training burn the same amount of calories as cardio to lose weight?
What are some examples of historic/ancient yoga exercises?
What are chin-ups good for?
How many KM does one have to run to lose weight?
Are there any good workout program that includes strength\fat loss workouts and cardio to help get me in shape for the military?
How many pullups should I be able to do? Do these exercises help?
What is the best workout to target all muscle groups twice a week?
How do I see DBT/JRF result?
What exercise does the killer perform in the movie Faster?
If you could only do two chest exercises, which two would you do?
What does it feel like to overwork your muscles?
Is it wise for a 42-year-old to lift weights every other day, skipping one day to rest and doing a leg day twice a week?
What workout top for guys was in during 1996?
What is the future of yoga?
How far can a person go with body weight exercises?
Which exercise can I do when I am following a diet?
What modality of fitness training makes you the leanest? (Assuming you have a clean nutrition plan).
What's the difference between being fit and going to the gym?
Can I see a notably ripped physique if I box 5 times a week up to 4months? Currently I'm 72kg with 21% body fat.
Do push-ups help in increasing our body strength to be able to lift heavier weights?
Is exercise good for hypothyroidism?
How do I get wider hips without making my thighs and calves grow fat/muscular? If I stopped doing the excercizes, would my legs get back to normal?
How does exercise help addiction?
Is 153 sit-ups a good record for a 13-year-old?
After five months of lifting, I'm defined but without mass. I've stopped running and I try to eat more. What's the best way for me to gain mass?
Is it better to do 100 push-ups in a row or 25 four times throughout the day?
What will happen if one does a lot of cardio and no weight training?
As a 14-year-old female starting to go out on 20-minute runs and basic fitness exercises semi-daily, what changes should I be expecting or noticing?
Does being tired after nine hours of sleep, following 30 minutes of exercise, indicate that one is unfit?
How can I lose fat and build lean muscle without counting macros?
Is it safe to take fat burner while workout?
Is it possible to break someone’s hand with a handshake?
Will I lose my gains if I train only one muscle group per week?
I will be going to France (Strasbourg for 12 days and 3 days in Paris) this next weekend. Is 800 euros enough for my 2-week stay? I've already paid for my hotels.
What exercises can I do to strengthen my anus?
Does exercise alter the chemicals in the brain?
Are squats good for knees?
What are some good funk guitar exercises?
What are the disadvantages of push-ups and pull-ups?
What are some home remedies to stay fit?
How can I go from not being physically active at all to being able to do specific exercises?
Does pure physical labor build muscle better than weight lifting?
What are the best exercices for a setter?
How can a skinny 16 year old guy start getting in shape with just a pair of dumbbells, a pull up bar, and a treadmill?
What is the relationship between reps, strength and mass?
How often do you get a runner’s high?
How can I tone my arm muscles? How can I increase my muscle mass in my arms?
Will full body workouts everyday weaken or strengthen muscle?
Can I walk and go to the gym everyday?
What workout routine can I do 3/4 times a week with just an adjustable weight dumbell (up to 105 on each) and a pull up bar?
Does heavy lifting increase punching power?
How do I get lean at 5"1' and 22 years old?
Do core exercises like squats or the farmer's walk help people lose weight/exhaust excess calories, or are there entirely different sets of exercises for that?
How do swimmers get such ripped bodies?
When is the best time to exercise, morning or night?
How often should I do very heavy deadlifts for strength?
Is it possible for me to run a sub 20 minute 5k?
Will having sex 4 to 5 times a week stop me from gaining muscle mass even though I train right?
What type of yoga is core power yoga?
What can I eat before gym in the morning?
How can I decrease my weight from 65 to 55 kg without boring physical exercise?
How do I get/convince a very overweight friend of mine to go on a diet or to workout?
How does Prozac affect exercise performance?
Is it necessary to have a perfect, flat stomach? Is there any necessity for a little fat over the stomach for men?
Is it true that when you do squats you will have a big booty?
What should I focus on in calisthenics being 6′7″?
Will squatting alone get you huge legs?
While doing dumbbell curls, should my arm be straight or bent? Should I engage my triceps while finishing a rep or keep my arm bent to keep the strain on it?
Why can't I lift my legs during planche?
What is the time duration between Parayam and yoga?
What are the most effective leg workouts I can do at home to burn fat and tone my legs?
How can I stay fit and healthy at home without going gym?
How many hours should I practice programming to avoid burning out?
Will going beltless for heavy deadlifts (1-3 reps) work my abs more?
How much should I workout each day as ateen?
What is a good time to do workouts?
After a tibia open fracture, some part of my leg became numb due to a nerve injury. When will I gain sense back?
Is it possible to increase one’s chest from 70 to 81 in 4 to 5 months? How much does one need to workout?
Who experiences an issue when working on math or chemistry problems where each question takes an incredibly long time to work out?
When doing standard push-ups, does it matter if your elbows flare out when you go down?
Would one have any advantage by attaching (20-50kg) weights to the body, arms and legs and living with them 24/7, and releasing them just before sports matches?
How long after initiating a more strenuous exercise program might I enjoy increased energy levels w/o a need for additional sleep?
I get chills after running. Should I be worried?
Can I do light/moderate cardio while bulking?
What is the difference between pick and lift?
What would be a training program for the whole body if I will hit the gym 3-4 times a week? I want to look like David Goggins.
Why are there fake colors, dyes, and fillers in my pre-workout "health" supplement?
What are some good exercises to get rid of thick hips?
Do my body muscles decrease if I don’t go to the gym for days?
What are the best exercise machines in Planet Fitness?
How do I use honey on workout?
How do I burn body fat fast in a gym?
Can I build my body like an athlete with just body weight?
What are the best exercises to build a thick lower back?
Is jumping on a trampoline good exercise?
What is a good gym to work out at (preferably with a pool) in Norrkoping, Sweden?
Where can I get plain longline gym vests online?
How can you exercise in your bedroom?
What are the risks of performing aerial yoga at home?
I am 14 years old and I have asthma, so it's hard to exercise without pushing myself too hard. How can I lose weight without hurting myself?
How do I strengthen and increase my wrists (not the forearms)?
Does doing high intensity sprints reduce the muscles?
What are some examples of aerobic and anaerobic exercises?
How many of you have lost weight by doing yoga?
Which freehand exercise should I do to gain muscle in the lower body i.e, thighs, calfs and butt?
Can I start yoga without the guidance of a master?
Can I do yoga if I’m overweight? Where do I find tips for doing yoga?
I'm a vegetarian who started going to gym. How do I increase my body mass and what should my diet be?
How many calories does a female Olympic gymnast burn in a day?
How does yoga help you to lose weight despite not using weights, much movement, or tiring physical activity?
I have a skinny fat body. Can I develop muscles at the age of 34?
Why do we feel fatigued before going for a workout?
What are some of the best jaw relaxing exercises?
Is there a gym in NIT Silchar, with weights to lift for bodybuilding?
What are some good exercise for teen boys for whole body?
What exercise one should do to lose 40 kgs of weight?
What would happen if I missed a whole week of workout?
Can you build a great body by working out at home?
Which place is best for a morning workout, indoors or outdoors, in Laxmi Nagar?
How would you design a fat burning fitness program for someone new to exercise?
How soon can you exercise after pericarditis?
If one can do 50 push-ups in one go, what does it tell us about his/her physical state?
How do I lose weight without dieting or cutting out my favorite foods, or exercising?
How can I build my pecs and abs from home in two days?
Can I build muscle in one month?
How can I build my chest if I'm skinny?
What happens to your body when you jog and go to the gym on a daily basis?
If you can lift yourself up, can you lift your own weight?
What exercises can I do to improve my reflexes?
How do exercise bikes help people lose weight?
What happens when a slightly obese man decrease his daily food intake by about ⅓rd and does regular weight exercise?
Why don't more people take ice baths after exercising?
Why can’t I lose weight even after brisk walking?
How do you acquire motivation/discipline in college, exercising, and work?
How do we even walk?
How can I distract myself from gym workouts to office work?
Are a fast walk and a brisk walk the same thing?
I am seventeen years old fat girl, should I join the gym?
How do I lose 40 kgs in 6 months without going to a gym, by doing exercise at home and running?
How many days does it take to lose 40kg of my body weight by going to the gym regularly? What food diet should be followed? How do you tackle the body pain?
In a strength-focused weight training program, what is the best way to incorporate cardio work into your weekly routine?
How many miles did you walk this week and why?
Is it really important to wear a hat in the sun while running?
Is there any gym near CET, Bhubaneswar?
How do I build a strong mindset?
How long should you fast if you're trying to lose the most weight possible in the shortest amount of time?
How do I build leg muscles with light weight barbell squat?
Can I train in boxing or a street workout after my rotator cuff surgery? I will have to repair my other shoulder too, after recovering from this one. I am 21.
Is it possible to go to a gym fully decked in knight armor?
How do I maintain my muscle mass and strength with just calisthenics if I am unable to go to a gym for 2 weeks?
Will planking at random times help me get slightly leaner if I did it everyday?
Will there be any side effects if I sleep just after my morning exercise in the summer?
Can I build an aesthetic body without using weights and any equipment?
Is lifting weights enough to build my abs?
In what ways are the effects of caffeine and exercise similar and different?
What are the best and easiest dishes for an obese person looking to begin losing 20kg of fat? I’m looking to lose weight before exercising.
What is a cycle of meditation, yoga and exercises?
How did you gain your muscle mass? What did you eat and how did you train?
Will short bursts of jump roping and sprinting increase my leg strength and endurance for MMA?
Has anyone tried doing yoga/stretching after getting high on cannabis? I've been experimenting with this for a few months and I find it is highly effective.
Am I suppose to have my shoulders/arms completely relaxed when I walk or lift them slightly higher?
How do I start the process of being healthier and exercising?
What yoga posture helps with a hiatal hernia?
How can I get people in the door to my new gym?
I’m only 13. Is it possible to run 800 meters in 2 minutes and 30 seconds?
For people who work in the night shift, how do they exercise to build the body (e.g. to have have six-pack abs)?
How do I prevent steps being counted by my pedometer while I am driving?
Can you give me a list of military exercises and how many of each to do?
How can a girl reduce the weight of her thighs?
How can we use the Accenture gym in the morning or evening during working hours? Will our boss allow us to go?
Why do I get chills after running?
What exercises can I do at home to build muscle?
How effective is the legs, bums and tums workout?
What should be my workout plan if I am skinny and just want to look good in shirts & T-shirts? I can’t lift heavy and I have limited time & protein.
Is it feasible to cycle cutting and bulking much more frequently?
How do I gain back my stamina after not running for a while?
What are some arm workouts you can do without equipment?
What is the use of doing 100 ab crunches everyday?
Is going to a gym the best way to get in shape? Or can you get in shape by just using your own body and minimal equipment?
How do I maintain my fitness and a healthy body?
Do you think I can get a full time front desk job at Planet Fitness if I'm not necessarily fit?
What is the simplest exercise/workout that is effective?
Are people generally attracted to people who are similar to themselves? If I want to date someone who’s physically fit, should I become fit, myself?
Why is GoodLife Fitness so popular?
How much time should I do skipping to reduce tummy fat?
Under what situation should the weight of the lift be considered when a person is inside the lift?
How can I organise my notebook and the exercise solving on tests?
Is it good to take glucose D during pre-workout?
How do I use straps while doing a front barbell squat?
Can you suggest some motivational workout songs?
Can you suggest a 30 day challenge to lose weight and organize life?
Which one is better for health, swimming or running? And how?
What should I eat before an insane workout?
What are the most essential exercises a non-baseball player should focus on in order to start playing?
How soon is it safe for you to exercise after an asthma attack?
Which one should I do first, between gym and jogging?
How do you choose a jump rope for general exercising?
How can I get motivated to practice running and get fit as a teenager?
How do I gain lean muscle mass without fat?
Can I exercise while fasting in the month of Ramadan?
What is the best way to approach weight training for a man over 60?
I'm wimpy, thin and bad at lifting weights. I tried pretty hard, but all my workout partners ditched me. Should I just go to the gym by myself?
Why does walking always give me tightness in the lower back muscles?
What would have been the male equivalent of women's workout gear and neon during 1990 to 1991?
How much protein does the body require if you do a daily heavy workout?
Which technique is best to gain muscle size, more reps with low weights or less reps with high weights?
As a body builder working towards achieving muscle mass, is it ok to have sex 4 to 5 times a week?
What do you think about muscle (body) building and cognitive development (brain building), are these two mutually exclusive?
Will hanging on a pullup bar for 30 minutes make you insanely tall?
How can I my keep my muscles stiff?
Why can't I run at all?
What if I trek a hill every morning instead of going to the gym?
Is working your way out with exercises, not appropriate during your period bubs?
Being a JEE aspirant I have limited time. How should I keep myself fit provided that I have cervical and back pain?
Can I start bodybuilding at 40?
What are some names of aerobic, facultative anaerobic, and anaerobic fungi?
Do you lift weights primarily to get stronger? Or more muscular?
Will my dog get ripped if I make it workout?
Should women do chest weight training at the gym?
What kind of exercise do I need to follow to reduce belly fat? My height is 170 cm and I weigh 96 kg. What can I do to reduce fat?
How do fitness centers like Crunch/Planet Fitness stay fresh smelling even with groups of sweaty people?
Why do some pains (e.g., the pain in the body after an intense workout, or when you are mentally hurt, or when you rub your gums together) feel good?
I'm weightlifting 4 days a week and including 5-7 serving of fruits and veggies daily, does taking a multivitamin beside considered much?
I'm an active person that trains CrossFit about 6-7 times week. How many calories may I take in daily?
What scaled down movements do you practice to increase your pull ups?
How long does it usually takes to add another inch on muscles with weighted bodyweight exercises?
I want to build my body, but I can't be always eating. Is it worth it? Should I expect results?
Exercise makes my belly more fat instead of flat. Why?
How can I increase my chest​ size in only ten days?
Why does Christianity have an issue with yoga?
Are you wasting money on pre-workout?
What should I do to progress in daily Hindu squats, having reached 70 almost every other day?
What is the best way to gain muscle without losing weight?
What are the best exercises for my legs?
What is Buti Yoga and how is it different from more traditional forms of Yoga?
How healthy are runners compared to fit and healthy people who exercise but don't run?
For a beginner, is it better to use your own body weight or lift weights?
Can someone chart out a schedule for me to get back in shape and get a nice physique?
What is the best home exercise app for male?
Why do swimmers have such nice upper bodies?
Why do some yoga masters have big bellies?
If I do at least 200 squats a day for 10 days, will I see any results in my butt?
Is it bad to do extra cardio in the morning & later hit the gym in the evening that includes weights & cardio?
Is it good to eat a boiled egg before my workout?
Is there any specific exercise to reduce cholesterol?
How can I build my body to be like Arnold’s?
Is swimming a good exercise to cure knock knees?
Assuming willpower and pain are non-factors, what is the most efficient way to acquire physical fitness overall?
If you could only have one fitness/exercise machine, would it be a rowing machine, cycling machine, or something else?
I get nosebleeds 1-3 times per week. Should I see a doctor and what should I take to help it?
Are drugs more effective when you're physically fit?
Is there any actual advantage or disadvantage of having eight pack abs or four pack abs rather than six?
What exercises should one do on the first day of gym?
Can I grow lean muscle mass at home?
What are the best things to eat when one is gymming?
How can I get a noticeable amount of more flexibility in one week?
I had lost weight on my upper body and thighs except my belly! What kind of exercise should I focus on now?
Will doing 30 wide shoulder push-ups daily have a good result?
How do women become muscular by working out without testosterone?
What is the most efficient way to get a nice chest at home other than push-ups?
What is the best abs workout for visible abs when you have 12% and below of fat?
What are some tips for beginner joggers?
What is a simple yet rewarding and effective exercise routine that I can do in the morning?
How important is nutrition when lifting heavy weights?
Is doing a one-hour continuous workout better or is it better to do a 20-minute workout 3-times a day?
Should I workout if my upper ankle hurts?
How can astronauts run on the treadmill if there is no gravity?
Will doing 40 jumping jacks, 30 crunches, 20 squats, and 10 pushups actually burn 100 calories?
What is the best and easiest way to get in shape?
What's a good diet and exercise to have to get ready for basic training?
How do I gain face fat if I go to the gym on a regular basis?
As a gym owner, what is the best step to take after finding out a client has been diagnosed as anorexic?
Are my running times good?
Why is it very bad if your body lays down all day? Why is it important to bend or stretch?
I run every day. I weigh 105 lbs. How much will I lose?
Can I do gym twice a day?
Does running significantly increase intelligence?
Who is the best female fitness model in the USA?
How do you workout and eat during Ramadan?
Can reducing butt fat change the shape of men’s hips?
What should I do first, running or exercise?
Could I develop a lot strength in two years training five days a week?
Does a gym give strength?
What is the best way to go from flabby legs to toned legs?
My calves will not grow. What is some advice?
Do I need a gym membership in order to lose fat and gain muscle?
Why is my butt muscle painful despite no workout?
What are some effective exercises to help grow and define your calf muscles?
It takes Kevin 5 minutes to jog once around a circular track that has a diameter of 400 meters. About how many meters per minute is Kevin jogging?
When you take methadone for pain, can you exercise again?
How many push-ups can we do so that there will be no side effects?
In what order should one train strength and endurance?
How good is it to bench every day?
Does a 13 year old girl have to go to the gym 4 times a week to maintain weight?
Will stretching to increase hip flexibility help increase my vertical jump?
Should I perform yoga under AC?
What are some high intensity interval training exercises for someone with an injured ankle?
Will running every morning and push ups every night get me in shape in 3 months?
How do people know how many calories they burn a day?
Is it bad to have different workouts ever other day?
How do you calculate the equivalent weights you are pushing when you are cycling?
How do I reduce body fat and gain muscle? What are some foods and workouts to accomplish this?
Will doing squats develop calves?
Which hand grippers should I buy?
What's a good exercise to reduce belly fat and obtain a toned stomach, besides the obvious crunches?
How do I decrease weight without doing any exercises?
Where can I buy a stepper for calf raises?
If you had a virtual platform at your fingertips to give you guidance on nutrition/training/yoga/Pilates/etc., would you use it?
How do you learn how to master an aerial hoop?
If you had to sprint or run distance, which would you do?
If the unathletic male with a big belly loses weight due to stretching and exercises, will he be able to learn & practice parkour and martial arts?
Is working out twice a day for 2 weeks equivalent to working out once for a whole month for fat loss?
How good are spin classes for you?
Is it okay to drink one litre of milk? I am 18 years old, and workout twice a day.
What are some good workout videos for a man in his 50's to lose weight?
What is the simplest, most effective bodyweight workout routine that I can do daily to get a Greek god figure?
What are the best-kept secrets about exercise, fitness, body building, and working out?
With a torn meniscus, what body weight exercises can I do? I have been using kettlebells, but I don't want to cause any more damage.
Which algorithm is used by applications to count calories burned? How do treadmills and other gym machines count calories burned?
Should I consume Glucon-D after cardio, if I am trying to get rid of fat?
Would a recumbent bike result in big calf muscles?
What should I study at the university? I am into yoga and Pilates.
Is it OK to have sex after a workout?
What do handstands exercise?
What exercises would you recommend to get in shape for surfing?
How are some Indian wrestlers and Pahalwans in akhadas able to maintain muscular arms and shoulders while still having some visible belly fat?
What can an overweight, out-of-shape, 30-year-old do to get and stay in better shape?
How can I reduce my waist by skipping?
Does the Fat Cutter, suggested by Vivek Mittal on his YouTube channel Fit Tuber, work if I am not doing any physical exercise?
What are the benefits of a treadmill compared to those of a StairMaster?
Why do spinners don't take a run up?
Is it possible to improve eye sight (myopia) by following any diet or any exercise. If yes, then how?
How do I get rid of a receding chin?
Should I still workout my chest if it is sore?
How do I exercise?
Which exercise is preferable for a 17-year-old beginner?
When you lose several pounds of fat by way of exercising, where do all those extra pounds go?
What is the best fitness method to get stronger over a span of 2 months?
Have you ever felt more tired than usual during a resting time while not working out?
I'm female and 50 yrs. I have bat wings at both hands. What exercise do I do?
Can I lose weight if I can't leave tea, oil and snacks? If so, how?
How do you know when an exercise pain is the kind that strengthens vs. the pain that leads to injury?
Is it okay to train twice per body part per week?
Is lifting heaving weights at the age of 16 harmful? If yes, what studies prove this?
Can I drink a lot of water just after a gym workout?
Will lifting heavy weights or less weight help for chest-building?
Why are my legs constantly aching until my next sleep even after a little bit of running?
Why is walking considered a good exercise?
At what height from the ground should I place the pull up bar?
How do I calculate macros and calories?
How do I avoid being left out of gym basketball?
Where can I find a great step aerobics class in the East Bay (Oakland, Ca)?
Is it good to run and do workouts if you have kidney stones?
Once you've run an ultramarathon, does running shorter distances (5-10 miles) feel easy?
Is there a tendency for women to let themselves go after 20 (stop exercising and eating proportionally)?
I'm an out of shape 20 year old male with mild asthma and am a bit fat in the stomach - would I be accepted into basic physical training?
Can a girl start playing physical sport, like wrestling or weightlifting, at the age of 25, with the aim of winning medals?
Is nude yoga good for teens?
Should I jog and do workout (at the same time in the evening) or should I start with jogging in the morning and do workout or exercise in evening?
What are the ways to promote group fitness classes?
How can I get fit, healthy, strong and skinny as a teenager?
What are some healthy food habits and exercises for full time working professionals to lose weight?
What can pilates do for your body?
Do pelvic muscles exercises really work for men?
What is fitness? Can a person be called fit by looking at his physique or is it the probability of him experiencing fatigue at the time of action?
What kind of stretches are preferable in the morning, static or dynamic?
What are general mistakes while doing squats?
Is a single mile in 8 minutes for a 5'7" 44-year-old male with a 28 BMI and a stocky build a good time?
What happens if you work out frequently?
Which are the best exercises for overall growth of the body of a 15-year-old boy?
Can you take an Ultracet tablet for body pains due to a heavy workout?
Does doing pushups and crunches affect height growth?
What is the minimum number of days a beginner (slightly unfit) must work out to gain little biceps?
Which exercise is good for growing taller by 1 inch within 35 days? I am 17 years old.
Are there any body weight excercises for biceps and triceps?
Should I workout by doing calisthenics/bodyweight training or by running as a teenager?
Should I continue training my chest?
What is better: a push/pull split or a body part split?
How do I lose arm fat without bulking up?
What are some good Chinese eye exercises?
Which is better: diamond push ups or shoulder push ups?
What’s a good routine for a full workout at home?
What's your favorite fitness or fitness-related cliché?
Realistically, how much weight in muscle can I put on in a month?
I had a massive heart attack. How can I lose weight? I don't know about lifting weights. Is this safe as I do have a defibrillator/pace maker.
If I eat like a pig and lift heavy weights, will I gain muscle faster than if I babied my nutrition and didn't get enough excess calories?
What is the difference between a morning walk and going to the gym? Which one should be preferred, and why?
I had a leg workout two days ago and it still hurts to lock my knees and flex my quads. Is this bad?
What are some absorbing hobbies I can do at home? I have struggled my whole life with being bored at home. I read, exercise, and play backgammon.
Is group pilates class safe and effective in the gym?
What are the benefits of jumping rope for losing weight?
Is doing thirty 1-minute sessions of exercise per day as beneficial as doing one 30-minute session per day?
How long should I stay in gym?
What is the best form of functional exercise?
What happens when we drink after a gym work out? Is it good or bad for us?
Will you see results faster if you lift weights everyday or every other day?
Which is best, walking, jogging, swimming, cycling, skipping, running, going to the gym or doing yoga?
How do I get a ripped body without going to the gym?
Which is the best fitness band under 1500?
How can I exercise my Great Dane without having to take her for a walk?
What is the best thing to eat right after working out?
How can I increase my strength?
What is the function of the muscles in one’s arm and legs?
How do you motivate yourself to exercise when you're already happy with the way you look?
Why does your body fat % go up with heavy weight training?
Which are the best books related to physical strength and body building?
How many times in a week should I train my chest in order for it to get bigger?
Which one is better for losing weight without any adverse effects on the body, 1 hour of swimming or 1 hour at the gym?
How do I do cardio exercise at home without equipment and increase stamina?
How can anyone overcome plateau in muscle development and strength?
Once my abs become visible and muscular, will it be hard to maintain them that way?
Can we train forearms with arms?
Does walking help build running stamina?
Can I successfully recomp my body with solely yoga?
Can I do wholesaling in New Jersey without a real estate agent license?
How often do you Squat and Deadlift?
The only thing I’m good at is lifting weights. How can I get paid doing what I’m only good at?
Is there a good body weight exercise which complements push ups (i.e. Develops different muscle groups like biceps)?
Will playing badminton for 20 minutes everyday help reduce weight?
How do I grip the bar on a back squat?
How can I increase the strength of my triceps?
Can I join a gym for increasing my height?
Is it a good idea to do pushups in the standing position?
What's the best app for running? I'm doing interval training on hills and runs on greenbelts between mapped streets, and this confuses Strava.
I’m starting my workout and wonder how many days/weeks it will be until I can see muscle growth?
What are the best exercise machines to workout for the forearm?
Which would be better for getting sixpack, full body circuit or abs exercises with cardio?
Is it possible for a skinny woman to gain some muscles within a month?
Is it true that Dwayne Johnson works out at 4am?
How do I get veiny abs?
How are jumping jacks good for you?
What is the best way of acquiring a good body physique if you are thin?
Will there be any changes if I don’t go to the gym for 20 days?
Can we take ProteinX without doing a workout?
If you do 20 push ups every day for 3 months, how much fat would you lose in your chest area?
How can I work out to exercise my weak wrists and forearms to make them very strong ones?
How can we install weight sensors in a robatic arm?
What's Brett Lee's workout?
I slammed my deltoid muscle on a door. Can I lift weights with a bruised deltoid muscle? It doesn't hurt when I lift.
What is the purpose of aerobic exercises?
Does badminton count as a mild strength training exercise?
What are your motivational methods for exercising?
Is it necessary to take protein powder when doing a gym workout?
Is lifting weights enough to burn fat?
Running on tread mill is not good for knees but why sports persons get train on tread mill?
How do I lose belly fat without going to the gym? It would be great if workout schedules along with diet plans could be shared.
Will I be stronger than an average person after losing weight if I do body weight exercises while I am fat?
How is doing pushups on mountains in low oxygen different from doing them near sea level?
How can I lose fat as quick as possible?
Are there any good gym exercises to improve sitting posture?
Does exercising push ups and muscle building exercises but not weight lifting will stunt my height growth?
What are the dos and don’ts for somebody who wants to start running to stay fit?
How can I improve my cardio for boxing?
What should I do if my recruiter gave me false information to push me to sign up for the army?
What do people do to get flat abs?
After six months of delivery via a c-section, can I join a gym?
How can I build a six-pack without going to gym?
Is it a good idea for a short thin guy to work out?
What can Pilates do for you and your body?
What do I eat to build my abs? I already lift weights.
Are fit Nordic skiers (cross country) more fit than fit professional high altitude mountaineers?
Is there any 4 day (or less) work out plans for irregular (shifts fall on different days every week) work schedules?
If someone gave you $20 to dance for 30 minutes, would you do it?
When should we drink a banana milkshake: after exercise or before exercise?
What are the workouts to lose weight on a rowing machine?
What time of day is the best time to do a workout, i.e., weight training, or does it not make any difference?
Is it possible to increase “body width” for a 16-year-old?
Should you look out on the Leg press?
What gym exercises should a fast bowler do? Should it be light weight heavy reps or heavy weight light reps?
What ab exercises are bad for your back?
If I go to the gym for 2 hours for 3 days a week for 3 months, can I become reasonably thin by late ausgust starting tomorrow?
Can you do fat burning and muscle building simultaneously?
What muscles do jump squats work?
Do I need to lift heavy weights in order to get a body like these?
The more I work out my biceps, the more my veins disappear. Is this normal?
How much running and physical fitness is done in the Russian conscript basic training? Is there a final test they must pass?
How long should it take to run 5 km?
Why does my running stamina fluctuate whereby I can run longer distances on some days but on other days I cannot run even half the length?
I took a spin class this morning and my knee started hurting after about 5-10 minutes. What was I doing wrong?
Why do we call Tse Mudra the exercise of three secrets?
Is going to the gym bad for your singing?
How important is strength to endurance?
Which is the best intra workout drink?
Can anyone help me with a skit idea on yoga day?
If someone fell off a treadmill in front of you, would you help?
Which yoga poses and exercises can induce high intraocular pressure in the eyes?
What's the best treatment/exercise for a dual diagnosis of costochondritis and shoulder impingement with associated upper back pain?
Where can I get 1 minute and 5 minutes candlestick charts?
How do I get really big muscles at home without gym equipment?
What's the best way to gain upper body mass without gaining lower body mass?
What are the best exercises to get a very lean body during Ramadan?
How do you breathe when you go jogging?
Is walking 5 stories up equal to 2 km of walking?
Hi Everyone, tell me some work-out at home?
Is it dangerous to exercise on a day you haven't consumed much salt?
What are some good body-weight exercises to get infantry-style fit?
How do I gain fat and muscle in certain areas with exercise?
Should I buy a fitness band?
What daily exercises can improve my writing?
What is the best way to increase muscle recovery time after a tough workout so you can continue exercising shortly after?
Which age is right for joining a gym?
What's the best way to train for or row for 2 hours?
Why do some people have plump thighs and some don't? What is the point of having fat thighs when you’re fit?
What is the best yoga exercise for excess weight loss?
Does general exercise help RSI write injury from coding?
How can I increase muscle size and strength with bodyweight training or by lifting everyday objects (bags instead of barbells, etc)?
It has been three weeks since I started running, but still I have knee pain when I try to run. How can I cure this?
A box suspended by a rope is pulled to one side by a horizontal force. The tension on the rope increases. Why is it so?
Is it normal to lose control of your body when stretching?
About physical fitness, are you physically fit? Are there any athletic goals you want to achieve? What are your personal goals to stay healthy?
What exercises can I do when I am suffering from a slipped disc?
Is it normal to not sweat during a workout?
After eating, how long should one wait before working out?
How should I approach women after group cardio gym sessions?
Which methods of exercise have you found to be most enjoyable and helpful?
If I worked out 5 hours ago and wanted to have a few mixed drinks (likely 3-5 shots worth) would it significantly reduce my muscle growth?
What physical fitness level is required for wireless PSI?
Is it possible to gain good eyesight from eye exercises like so many people say it is?
What do you feel when seeing Suresh Raina seemingly being out of shape with a big tummy? Shouldn't he taken care of his fitness?
How would doing 10 push ups and sit-ups a day affect my body?
What are thw exercises to cure knock knees?
What are some ways to stretch a tight latissimus dorsi?
Why do those who do cardio most of the time yet very minimal weight lifting still build muscles and a nice body?
After building muscle, can I maintain it by doing body weight exercises?
How does one prepare an allergy-friendly, fat-burning meal?
What's so bad about Planet Fitness?
Can we do gym in the early morning every day at AIT Pune in the first year?
What are some best music tracks for jogging?
What is the damage to your body if you sweat profusely from exercise every day?
How should I get back into being active? Should I jump right back into lifting and running or should I start with something easier?
How can you perform aerial yoga at home?
What are some good hand strengthening exercises for bar chords?
Does cardio make you lose muscle?
How do I get skinny without exercising?
How do I fit 3 strength workouts for the entire body except the legs, a 60km jog/march and 1 swim in a week?
Can we gain six-pack abs by doing bodyweight exercises?
Does working out in the gym fight depression?
What are some examples of men's workout gear in 1990-1991?
What is a good body weight workout schedule for a 7-Day period?
What is the best fitness center in the USA?
Does jumping rope create calf muscles and are they safe to use if I’m 40 ?
How many hours is best to work out a muscle part when training to achieve muscle mass?
Is it okay to do a wholebody workout everyday?
How can I push myself to go to the gym every day?
I dislocated my knee. What exercises can I do?
What does Snap Fitness cost?
How long does it take to lose a good amount of weight using the treadmill nearly every day?
How important is exercise for PhD students?
What are the best techniques to develop strong forearms?
Will cardio improve my endurance and stamina?
Does doing sit-ups on a bed make them easier to do and thus making them less effective?
Why can I do more pull-ups but less chin-ups?
What is the best fitness routine for teenagers?
Which is the best Resistance bend exercise for men?
Is it more beneficial to do a 1 minute or 2 minute farmer's walk?
At 23% body fat and 155 lbs, what is more important for me in gaining abs, cardio or ab workouts?
Can I change from gym to online gym in the middle of the school year?
Is jogging in place a good exercise?
How can I loose 7-8 kgs weight in 15 days?
Will there be a problem if I do weight training for full five days a week?
Is it possible to get a strong jawline with facial exercises?
Which is better, 300 burpees or 100 push-ups, 100 sit-ups, and 100 squats?
How many calories are burnt in 2000 counts of rope skipping?
International Yoga day 2017, how is it relevant for us?
How often can forearms be strength trained?
What are the benefits of attending fitness classes?
My G.I. Bill benefits will run out before I use it all. I did over 90 days of active duty in 2012. How do I reset the timer and extend my benefits?
What are some short and long-term exercise goals?
Is working 1.5 hours on push/pull/leg program considering too long?
How can I gain muscle in my upper body as a competitive swimmer?
I have been following some of the workouts suggested by you and lost close to 20lbs. How do I change my workout now to build a six pack?
Should I squat everyday if I want a bigger butt?
What does fitness mean to you and how do you want to achieve it?
Can you use muscle stimulation in place of actual exercise?
How do I get sponsored in the fitness industry?
What is the best way to improve myself (in running)?
How does a chiropractor treat muscle imbalances without exercises?
What is the best workout method in 2 months?
How can I increase my stamina for running and the gym?
Why do four cable cars travel together in Jeita Grotto? How is the weight balanced? Will there be high tension on the rope?
If you take steroids and do not exercise, what happens?
Why do cramps develop after vigorous exercise?
What are your motivations for getting up early, even on the weekends, doing 1 task or taking exercises every day for 1 year?
Where can I find good physics exercises to practise?
What is the best way to loss fat and maintain muscle?
What is the supplement to lose weight fast?
Should you stretch before you workout in a gym?
What is the fastest way to burn 500 calories fast?
Is sleeping good after exercise?
How do I start to workout? I am 20 years old, weight is 75 kilos, height is 5'9″, and have 34″ waist, and I don't do any workouts right now.
Why has yoga practice become popular recently? Why are there different methods of yoga?
How do I make people aware about the benefits of working out?
How come the gym is always busy in May and will it ever slow down?
What are the benefits of stretching before and after workout?
What is the ultimate mental workout?
What are some diet and exercise programs that will allow a skinny woman to get curves?
What are some muscle building exercises at work place?
Why do you have numbness on your thumbs after working out?
Is it good to eat an apple and a banana after exercising or does it just add fats into my body?
How do I build muscle at 120lbs 5"7 and on a budget?
How can I build solid deltoid muscles?
What is a superset back2back when working out?
What is the best exercises for jumping higher?
How should one plan, including diet, to run a 1,600 meters in 6:30 minutes?
What is a good workout for me, a 16 year old boy who doesn't work out?
Can a fat person go longer without food than a fit muscular person?
What is the best exercise routine for Skinny guys?
I am very overweight and would like to start some exercise. What would be some good exercises to start with?
What exercise should I do to lose post pregnancy weight?
What are the best exercises to find peace of mind?
How can I improve my muscles without using equipment?
How do I get a feminine body at the gym without gaining too much muscle?
How can I increase my stamina for any workout?
What are the top 3 worst clientele for CrossFit boxes?
How do pros train their abs in the beginning of their career? Which exercises do they perform and how many days per week?
Is it ok to flirt with the gym receptionist?
How do I remain fit and active, except by going to the gym?
Is it bad to have a competitive mindset when I work out?
What's your favorite pre workout?
Which is the best exercise​ to increase​ speed?
What are the biggest motivators today’s parents have to get healthy & in shape?
After I started lifting weights my blood vessels have become more and more visible. Is this normal?
Why do I feel so turned on after working out on my legs?
I absolutely suck at running. I can hardly run one mile all the way through. What running program should I do to get better at running fast?
Which one burns more calories- jogging on a treadmill (at steady pace) or high interval training?
What are the steps I have to take to get a skinny runners body?
How long do I have to train to be able to do 1000 pushups?
Why are some muscle builders so bulky yet still lack muscle definition even with very low fat ratio?
If you had a five minute break every day at work, how would you spend it?
Can I do yoga after an exercise?
What are other types of workouts, apart from isometric workouts?
How can we get V-shaped heads formed by the piezometers, rather than a parabolic shape, during the experiment of verification of Bernoulli’s principle?
Which exercise machine is good to reduce stomach size?
What workout split works best for you?
What should I do when I have done my exercise in the evening after eating and now my chest is painful?
If you get to know that you just have 10 more minutes to live, how will you spend those 10 minutes?
How should I approach a gym buddy’s auntie?
How long should I stretch a muscle per day for better mobility and flexibility?
After a hysterectomy at the age of 50, when can exercise or yoga be started? How much of a time gap after surgery is required to start yoga?
Are HGH boosters worth it? I'm 17, 5′8″, and a skinny guy with a weak chin. Will it help me with any of those besides an increase in lean muscle mass?
How much time should I workout in order to make my body strong enough?
What kind of exercises will build an 8-pack abs?
What is the best workout to lose my belly fat and water retention? I already eat real food and fewer calories, and I do cardio and strength training.
What is a good kettle bell exercise to increase my chest size?
What happens to our bodies when we don't exercise for a long time? How can we overcome that?
Should I do calisthenics or practice running to lose, get fit and skinny as a teenager?
Does jumping rope make jumping faster? What is the idea of jumping rope?
Is there any difference in the energy required or calories burnt while walking on a treadmill versus walking outdoors on firm ground?
What has research shown about whether or not people can lose fat while building muscle?
What are some training ideas I can do to condition my body for traditional karate or any training at all?
How can you build excellent mental and physical endurance quickly?
What are the benefits of training on sand for a runner?
Are pushups a good pre-workout before weight lifting?
What is the right exercise for a student for their brain, aerobics or bodybuilding? I can only give 30 minutes for a workout. Is it possible to gain mass?
Is it possible to get fit in one year's time?
Out of a heavy body and a lightweight body, which body falls down first?
How often should you workout for it to be good for your health?
What are the type of people who prefer indoor cycling as a form of exercise?
What should the diet plan be for a thin boy who just started at the gym?
I can bench 140kg (315lbs) weigh 96kg, deadlift 240kg & in the morning I can see slightly the top two abs, why do I not have a chest?
Which are the best 1, 2 or 3kg dumbbells for arm exercises for women?
What is it like to be in a workout video?
Is it possible to rent an empty small room for an hour?
Does a vacuum in space get stronger and stronger?
What is the good number of push-ups in daily life?
I have had an ACL replacement. What leg exercises should I do, and which ones should I avoid?
Which diet should I take to stay fit and increase stamina?
How can I get shredded at home in two days?
Is there any difference in one’s heartbeat between when one’s exercising and when one’s fearful?
What is the best way to stay healthy exercising while on a diet?
What is the best way to increase waist?
How will you feel after Juventus legend Buffon lifts the UCL 2017?
Can you give me advice on getting back into shape (motivation-wise, amount of exercise, etc.)?
Every time I squat or kneel down my knees begin to hurt, and it is very difficult for me to get up. Why?
When would I see results from jogging twice a day and controlling my diet?
Would it be possible to get hired as a fitness trainer without a two-year diploma?
Should I workout everyday before school?
What is a physical workout routine that a 14 year old NDA aspirant should follow?
How do you get bigger ankles with exercise?
What is the best exercise for a 15-year-old guy like me?
How often should I do ab workouts and for how long? I'm 42 years old.
Can a 15 year old boy start lifting heavy things in the gym, or should he do some pushups?
How does Greg Norman stay so fit?
What exercises are the best if one has to lose abdominal muscles and a bulky belly after pregnancy?
What's the most guaranteed way to lose fat without using the gym?
How can I strengthen ciliary muscle of the eye and delay its fatigue?
What are some good tips for a beginner who wants practice yoga?
How I can prepare for running?
What are some improv exercises for large groups?
What should be one's workout intensity to maintain shape once they've reached their health goal?
What’s up everybody?
What should I be doing to get abs if they are not in my genetics? I need an actual plan set up.
When is a good grade to start weight lifting?
What can I do to gain weight on my bottom and lose weight off my belly without exercise?
Do squats help you develop abs?
How has yoga changed your life?
How do I become lean and fit when I’m out of shape?
Why don't I feel my pull-ups in my arms and back, but I feel them in my core the next day? (I'm training to failure for three sets.)
Can a beginner build up their muscles at home? Will it be effective?
Why is there only one set of deadlifts on starting strength?
Why should I run?
What kinds of nutrients does a muscle need to repair after a workout and to get bigger?
What is the best workout routine to follow for a college student looking to pack on muscle?
What are the best lifting exercises for working out the inner thigh?
Where would I get a personal coach for weight lifting in Chennai?
What is a good plan for senior fitness?
What are the benefits of assisting an advanced yoga class?
Doing weekend exercises is bad. If you don't build up protection against oxidative stress through regular exercise, you're likely to do your body harm. Is this true?
Is it okay to drink 1 scoop of Protein Powder weight gainer after a home workout?
What do I have to do to get abs?
As a beginner (at home), if I don't increase the weight of a dumbell but keep adding reps and sets, will I still build good strength and muscle?
Being that high AST and ALT levels are the result of dying muscle tissue, could a recent, extremely high impact exercise routine be the cause of the elevation?
What is the best time to work out during Ramadan for rapid fat loss?
How do I train to be really good at cross country running?
Why do people stop going to the gym?
For how long should I do my leg workouts on leg day? I'm 42 years old.
How much should I run at first?
Should I go to the gym today? It's rainy and cold, and I haven’t been there in a couple of weeks. I’m thinking of ordering pizza?
May I save my muscular mass by three swimming workouts and only one weight lifting workout per week?
What are the best exercises for meralgia paraesthetica?
I have a bad physique but I want to stay fit and not getting motivated towards it. What should I do?
Should reservations be lifted?
Is it possible to perform sEMG decomposition on the forearm using Backyard Brains' Muscle SpikerShield? If so, up to how many different motor units?
Which parts of your body do squats benefit? How many sets of body-weight squats should I do if I want to increase my leg muscles?
Does Gold’s Gym provide food to their members?
What is the best way to get a muscular body like a male model?
How much, and what kind, of exercises are well suited to reduce belly fat for someone in their 30s?
What is one tip you have for me to make my deadlift get stronger?
Why is no contact so difficult? I just white-knuckled it for 30 days. What now, white-knuckle it for another 30 days?
Will I still gain good weight and muscle if I'm in a calorie surplus, eat sweets and cakes but workout and exercise in the same day?
Is it true that the airways alternately constrict, as is said in yoga?
Is it advisable to do 100 pushups in a row or can I do the same using 4 sets of 25 reps each?
If you do more ab workouts, will your sperm count be reduced?
How do I build a bubble butt?
My upper chest is not flat. It kind of bulges out. How do I correct it?
How much time do I need to build great fitness for football despite the little time I have in the day and what are the best exercises?
What is better freehand exercises or weights?
I have lost my body symmetry due to wrong exercise, What should I do?
Will weight training get rid of my hourglass figure?
Is there any exercise to gain weight?
How do I lose belly fat without exercise or diet change?
Why do we swing our arms while walking?
Is it good or bad to exercise in the summer?
What is the link between, if any, cigarettes, insulin levels, and fat burn/deposition?
Do I have gynecomastia or is it just chest fat? I'm 18 years old, 6′1″, and 81kg.
What should be the exercise routine for a thin, musical Indian 16-year-old guy with a tummy to have a healthy body in one month?
What is the need to warm up before exercise from an evolutionary perspective?
What is the best workout routine for a beginner focused on fitness?
Which is better- swimming or gym?
At what body weight can I safely run without risking injuring my knees?
Is Musli helpful for gym freaks?
Which it the best fitness center?
Why is riding a stationary bike considered a good exercise?
What is the best exercise to slim down thighs and glutes?
Is it advisable to do 100 pushups immediately followed by bench press (20-25 reps with light weight)?
How are athletes muscles so defined?
How can I build a stronger chest?
How can a percussionist train their arms and upper-body strength?
Do you absolutely hate going to the gym?
What should I eat before running, to get energy?
How many push ups can you do at a time?
Should I do more reps with less weight or less reps with more weigh to get bigger muscle?
How can I get fit and skinny as a high schooler?
I can do a pistol squat with my left leg but not with my right. Is this because I'm a right handed fencer?
Does a women's only gym have to allow a transgender female to male person to work out in the gym?
What are the best polymetric exercise to help you to run faster?
Could you actually get stronger by lifting a calf every day until it becomes a bull?
Are we fit if we eat well and exercise daily?
How do I convert my excess belly fat into useful muscle?
Is it good to do weight training before bed?
Can you build muscles without cardio?
Is cycling better than running to reduce thigh fat?
How do I keep energy after intense workout?
Would I be muscular if I decreased my body fat?
What might cause tremors after exercise?
How long will it take to get my muscle back?
What's a good sprinting workout plan?
Which is the best fitness academy in Mumbai?
Is it bad that I masturbate twice a day?
What are the best effective ways to burn belly fat for men?
Is 5-exercise 5-set 5-rep workout any good?
What is the best chest exercise for a nice, muscular chest?
Do you know anything about epigenetics and the food that Chinese people should avoid to avoid weight gain?
What should you do after running?
Is it okay to walk in the morning and go to the gym in the evening and do yoga?
Is panting after a 100-m sprint good or bad for cholesterol?
What are the best exercises for losing fat from one’s face?
What is the optimal work-out schedule for curls?
What are some good stretches to improve flexibility?
Why is it that when I try to do simple stretches, I feel like I'm pulling something in my leg?
Are all those exercises to help your back just a scam?
What are some quick stretches for my whole body to do every morning?
I want to get stronger and more muscular by doing push-ups, pull-ups, and sit-ups. How many reps and sets should I do everyday?
What exercises should I do other than running while I am on the ground?
Is it required to buy a treadmill of 20-30kg more than the user’s weight?
Why are handstands good?
Is there a hazard to exceed my max heart heart rate (220-39) with high blood pressure?
Is it possible to build a fitness-model-like body in 9 months naturally?
Is mental strength and resolve is as important as physical strength?
Why can't I seem to lose body fat, even though I exercise, am very active, and I am nursing two babies?
What are the best comedic routines against Islam?
What kind of gym do most med students go to (e.g., CrossFit/usual gyms/boxing)? How long & how many times a week do they go to the gym to maintain their daily study schedules?
Why do I have such small arms but lift a decent amount?
How do you explain “tears has no weight but carries heavy emotions”?
I hate exercising. What's the most effective exercise routine I could follow for the shortest amount of time where I will get the most benefits?
Can exercise and walking harm our internal organs? What is the best exercise for belly fat?
Can intense muscular exercise cause acute health problems in otherwise healthy individuals?
When you are working out what do you do to get over the hump?
How do I stop making a wheezing noise while working out?
Why are yawns and stretches so satisfying? What's happening in the body?
Comparatively, which is better: Zumba or jumping rope?
Why is my strength of lifting weights not increasing even though I am gymming regularly?
Which is more beneficial for slim people badminton or brisk walking?
How many days a week do I do sprints to burn fat? For how long do I do the sprints? I lift weights, and I'm 42 years old.
How do I get stronger and better at fighting without having "gym muscles" or going to the gym?
Can I use a treadmill with a max speed of 13 mph for sprint training?
Why I am not able to lose weight even after 2 years of doing continuous exercises?
What is the point of exercise if my face is hideous?
What is a good full body workout with a bench press and a pull up bar?
Which causes losing weight fast, aerobic exercise or machines?
Can I see incredible changes in my body if I box 5 times a week for 4 months? Currently I'm 72kgs, 21% body fat (age 22).
What is the best form of exercise?
How do film stars makeover their body in months?
What's an affirmation I can have as a beginner at push-ups?
What is a valid excuse for wanting to switch out a swimming semester in HS with another activity for physical education?
Should you include cardio in your workout if you're skinny, 43kg and if your age is 19 years old?
Does taking an ice bath after a heavy workout allows your body to recover enough for an immediate 2nd workout right after?
How many calories does a 24 year old guy weighing 83 kgs burn daily if he walks everyday?
What is a good example of a low impact cardio for bad knees?
If you hang two heavy weights on ropes in a very deep well, say 12km, would they come together or stay the same distance apart?
Is only working on my upper body at the gym harmful if I run and bike frequently?
I am 50, I want to increase my baseball throwing speed, what exercises should I do?
Is jogging 4 times a week enough leg workout for someone who works the upper body 3 times a week?
I walked 2.7 miles to and 2l7 miles from in 1 hr. Is that fast?
I work out three times a week, running a mile then lifting weights. How should I be eating?
How did CrossFit generate its initial traction? How did it go from the original gym to the first 20 locations? What were the triggers?
What am I supposed to eat after a workout when I am on a diet?
What are the best exercises to improve mobility of the shoulder joint? I get pain if I try to touch my right scapula with my left hand from behind.
Is it good to do a workout after consuming food? If not, why?
Is it harmful to do exercises during muscle cramps?
How do I become happy as a teenager and get good grades and get fit?
What are some affirmations to say to do beginner pushups?
What is the best aerobic workout to follow online?
How can I encourage people for yoga?
How do I do a lower, upper and middle chest workout with push-ups?
How do I maximize my endurance (running) within 9 days?
What is the best gym routine one can carry out at home to burn belly fat, considering you have minimal weights/equipment?
Is it possible to use OSIM uKimono to make your tummy 6 packs?
What should be the sequence for yoga, Pranayam and meditation?
Why don't women bench press?
Is it a good idea for me to start Capoeira when I have scoliosis?
How do I stop using the PC too much and study more/workout more?
Is there any gym or workout facility available at MITAOE Pune?
What will happen to my body if I stop going to the gym after one year?
Can limescale build up in the body?
How can a skinny guy build an average body?
Which sport is good for full body tone and fitness football or athletics?
How can I tell whether my kettle bell is the right weight for me?
What are the benefits of getting Yoga Certification?
What are the 10 components of fitness?
Where can I be trained in squats in Bangalore?
Is EMS fitness safe?
Should I buy a magnetic resistance or brake resistance exercise bike?
How do I prevent my nipple from chafing when I work out?
How to increase my stamina after being a couch potato for 2 yrs?
Can I build a good physique on 2 meals a day?
How long will it take to notice a difference from working out 20 minutes a day?
If you do not exercise, but eat healthy, how much protein should you eat?
If I start lifting weights, will I start getting women?
Is it enough for me to do two weight training sessions and two swimming sessions a week? (I'm sixty years old.)
Should I draw mind maps of exercise solving instead of plainly solving exercises to get better grades in physics and maths?
What are the best ways for people who work out to prevent muscle injuries?
As a person with little free time to experiment, what yoga poses should I do every day to ensure I'm healthy?
What are the best workouts (without equipment) for getting a big chest and arms and getting abs?
Can creatine benefit me if I run a mile every single day?
Why is the breath rate higher as the longer distance you run?
What do you say to fat relatives who tell you you're crazy for losing weight?
What happens if I don’t do ab exercises properly?
Did you have a good friend who pointed out the flaws in your idea & helped you improve it? How did it all work out? How did you start?
As a fitness beginner, I am having a little trouble lifting weights. I can do about 10-12 reps of dumbbell curls on my right hand, but not on my left. Why?
How do I get a wider chest at 16?
How can I make myself a faster runner?
How many calories does constant and proper hula-hooping burn?
What will be impact on my body, if I do cycling and skipping rope for half an hour each?
How can I get abs as a skinny teen at home without equipment?
How much do I have to eat to put on weight and build muscle?
What can be done to reduce errors in work leading to wrong numbers pulled out for client projects?
Could a runner with baseline fitness (30 miles/wk, longest 12 miles) try to run a marathon with only two long runs (18-20 miles), for this training cycle?
What is the difference between predicting a 10 second or 1 minute return and predicting a 5 minute or even 30 minute return in futures/stocks?
What can busy entrepreneurs do to fit health & fitness into their daily routine?
What are the best techniques to work the muscle groups with free weights?
How helpful is aerobics when combined with cardio and strength training?
Why are most people against workout partners or "fitness buddies?" I love mine.
What are the main muscles used for jumping jacks?
Which bodyweight workout is suited for skinny men?
Which is best, a boot camp or a gym?
How much do you walk on average every day?
Can weightlifting rejuvenate?
What are good exercises after a knee reconstruction?
What are the most useful exercises to do early in the morning?
Why do I have veiny abs?
I'm a high school junior, and haven't grown much since 7th grade. I'm only 5'4", 120lbs, and I don't exercise often. Is it too late for me to grow?
How can I lose the flab on my stomach?
If the miltary press is too hard on my rotator cuff due to arthritis, what other exercises could I do?
I almost have a full beard at 16. Do I have lots of testosterone, which is good for weightlifting?
Do I have to lose fat to build muscle?
How much volume work for each and every muscle?
What are some short term effects of exercise on your muscles?
How do I become a Pilates instructor in the USA?
What's a quick workout that I could do to bulk up my T-shirt with muscle, without dumbbells?
How much weight could be lifted if an effort of 100 pound were applied?
How do I get abs while I'm eating a lot to get bigger too?
How can I reduce 10 kg in 20 days?
How can I learn to do the Asian squat?
If you exercise in only a certain period of your life, would you live longer than if you had never exercised at all?
Is it bad I only hydrate right before my workout?
What kind of body and muscles can you get with only a bodyweight workout?
Can anyone hold bicep dumbbells for 30 minutes without rest, given the dumbbells weigh 20kg (45lbs) each?
What exercise is the quickest way to lose weight?
Do planks burn fat?
How can I get a lean body at home (such as Finn Balor of WWE)?
Is it stupid that after 12 months of no exercise I took 10mg of dextroamphetamine and a large can of Redbull, to get my heart rate up to 190bpm?
Are there any boxing gyms in KL where a 14-year-old can train?
How long will it takes for me to touch my toes with daily stretching?
How do I strengthen my knees, to run everyday?
How do I get lean in 2 months if I am overweight?
What is the best way to run so you don’t injure your knees?
Is a 21 out of 30 good on the Mensa workout good?
I’m 15, nearly 5'9 and 198 pounds. Should I intensively workout my whole body in a day, 3 times a week with 2 days of gap for resting and light calisthenics?
How important are core abdominal strength, leg muscle strength, and arm strength in relationship with one another?
What are the health benefits of going into a sauna post workout?
What people suffering from arthritis can do to improve muscle strength other than weight lifting?
When I stand with my arms at my side and spin in circles, why do my arms lift up without effort?
I'm 15, should I do non intensive strength training and abdominal workouts 5 times a week?
What are the best weight workout routines for rowing?
What are best chest waders?
I'm a 32 year old (very) skinny guy. Are there any meal and workout plans you would recommend to gain mass?
How do I train if I want to get stronger by building more compact muscles rather than bigger ones?
How can I strengthen the muscles in my hand?
Where can I get fitness accessories?
Is it ok to have sex 4 or 5 times a week as a body builder?
I have APT, which makes my lower back tight and weak. Does this mean that I shouldn't add lower back exercises to my workout?
What is the best exercise for helping reduce dizziness?
Is sports or exercise better?
How do I increase my workout time? My muscles become so heavy after 40-45 minutes that I can’t even continue with some other muscle workouts?
How do I reduce belly, side fat and man boobs naturally by exercising or yoga for an adult (age 23 years)?
Where do you recommend getting cheap yet pretty and comfy exercise / yoga attire in Singapore? Is JB worth travelling to for getting cheaper goods?
How do I combine a pure push-ups training with "normal" gym?
What can you say about the RP-US Balikatan exercises?
What are some basic workouts/stretches to be flexible?
How many times a week do you need to change your socks?
How can I make leg day less boring?
How do I acquire the ability to immediately understand math, without going through exercises?
How can I reduce my belly fat? I have a slipped disc.
Is reformer Pilates a good workout?
Is a gym better than running in a stadium?
Which muscles should I train to get rid of kyphosis?
How can I keep myself from getting chills after running?
What is better, going to the gym or doing self-weight exercises?
Why do I get more tired from walking slowly than walking at a brisk pace?
How do I lose weight if I love beer and hate dieting?
What is a good workout schedule for a 200m dash?
What limits how fast humans can run?
Is it ok to run with sore muscles?
Is it possible to build overall body muscles and reduce belly fat at the same time?
What's a good way to loosen up a tight lower back?
What kind of pull-ups or chin-ups work biceps the most?
What are the best exercises to grow your legs?
What's the best way to gain weight and start lifting?
What are other best options than lifting weights to have a fit body?
Why do the muscles above and to the sides of my mouth contract when I swing my arms in full, forward circles?
Does it affect working out in summer?
If we eat like beasts and exercise for 1 hour without stopping, what will happen?
How many miles could I walk/run in a day with a 40lb backpack?
When lifting to failure should I be able to complete as many reps for each subsequent set?
How do I get a great chest?
What should girls eat after a workout?
Is the lateral raise a push or a pull exercise?
What Should be my diet plan to loose 7 kgs, should I consider taking protein powder since I hit the gym 5 times a week?
Is it possible to be fit and fat?
How can I get significantly fitter and leaner in a month?
What is the core strength of your family? Why do you think it is so strong?
What is the difference between power lifting and olympic lifting?
Is 32 years old too late to join the gym and build muscles?
Can a person get from being very physically unfit and unhealthy to very fit and strong in a year, if already skinny?
What is the best exercise routine that may be done daily at home for 10 minutes for all round fitness?
What are the best exercises to work your lower abs?
Why does eating protein before a workout make you sweat more?
Is it possible to completely transform yourself with just a few pairs of dumbbells and pull-up bars?
How do you strengthen your middle section and bottom without excessive exercise?
As a female, how can I gain more muscle mass in my upper body? What are the best workouts?
How safe are fitness bands to wear all the time?
Do guys in the locker room at the gym talk comment about some of the ladies to each other?
Why should I make time for exercise?
How can I ensure, as a personal trainer, that I'm offering my clients varied workouts so they keep coming back?
How much exercise must a heart patient do at age 70? What diet is recommended?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of going to the gym before going to college?
What are the best whole body exercises?
Should I exercise with somewhat sore legs?
What is the best workout to strenghten my core?
Should I feel the pump after working out my upper back?
What kind of workouts are for getting stronger without getting bigger (muscle mass) like the guys on America's Ninja Warriors?
How can I work up to being able to do beginner spinal stretches in yoga?
Is it bad if I do only weight training and no other type of exercise for a whole year? Would doing both weight lifting and cross country be better?
How often in a week should I hit the gym in order to get a bulky body?
I am trying to get better at medicine ball overhead throws. Should I focus more on the muscles I need or just continue my full bodybuilding workout?
How can I stay motivated to exercise? I have good health and don't have any issues so I always talk myself out of it.
What is the best machine for abs in the gym?
Is lifting heavy things an alternative to lifting weights, or does it break the muscle down?
Can spondylolisthesis be cured through yoga?
Is it normal to have red spots on your arms after training (crossfit)?
Which trainer is better: Jillian Michaels or Kayla Itsines?
When did you decide to use a lifting belt?
How can I start exercising after an accident?
What is the best training exercise for surfing?
If I work out and don't wipe away the sweat, making it seep back into my pores, will it render the workout useless?
The body produces adrenaline to raise the heartbeat during both exercise and emotional stress. Why, then, is exercise good for the heart, but stress isn't?
How do I train effectively in Ramadan -Weightlifting?
Should those who have heavy weight bodies do push ups?
Do our height increase after the age of 17 if we do regular exercise?
Can I quit gym and start doing only cardio?
Which is the best gym in Indore for girls?
What is the correct time to go jogging?
What streches can I do before crossfit?
How do I regain my flexibility?
Do three 10-minute workouts per day give the same health benefits as one 30-minute workout using treadmill?
Does it count as exercise if it doesn't raise your heart rate?
Should I move on to free weights?
Is a glass of red wine equivalent to an hour at the gym?
What are the best workouts/exercices to get a cobra back?
How often should you resistance train when you are in your mid-40s?
What is a good leg routine for a 5′7″ tall guy who weighs 60kg? My routine is in the details.
Could you suggest me a workout?
Should I workout if my elbow hurts whenever I fully extend it?
What yoga poses should I avoid if I have SI joint pain?
How can I have upper, middle and lower chest workouts with just push-ups?
Is it enough having one weight training and one aerobic workout a week?
Which workout targets the most muscles in the body?
Which is the good exercise for back pain?
I am 165 cm tall, and I weigh 44kg. I exercise twice/week and eat healthy, but somehow my body stopped changing. How can I gain muscle mass?
How we can loose weight with little exercise?
Has anyone had a knee arthroscopy for microfissures? Was it successful? I can't exercise my leg as instructed without excruciating pain.
What's the fastest way of looking strong and fit?
Besides health, is there any real benefit to exercising and being fit?
What are the best strength exercises for women?
How is walking good for the heart?
Why does my squat improve more than my bench?
Can a 42 year old man who made it to his goal by dropping 67 pounds, work on his abs and have abs?
What is the best equipment for Nike+ Training Club (exercise rookie)?
How does a big chest size help?
What is the best for weight loss, going to a gym or aerobic activity?
If you start running in grade 11 and with no training start with a 18:30 5k, is there any hope for you?
Should I stop gaming as a 15-year-old in order to get better grades and to get fit?
Why do most beginner work out programs have an excessive emphasis on squatting?
Does NSIT have a gym? If so, is it good enough to work out?
Why do we get so stiff after exercising? I am 64 and can barely move after too much exercising.
Does going to the gym and lifting help you lose fat? I've been doing it regularly for 4 months, but I still have a two pack. I'm still fat.
How much heat does a workout produce?
How does a foodie, who hates to exercise, lose weight?
How bad does weightlifting or even calisthenics affect your drawing?
What are the differences between exercises to build strength and exercises to build muscle?
Should I be concerned that my right thigh makes these loud cracking sounds everytime I do a squat?
What will happen if I do 1,000 leg raises a day?
Should I workout before or after studying as a high schooler?
What are the pros and cons of ankle weights?
Does exercise help you sleep better?
What exercises can I do at home in order to gain weight healthily?
Why is the tongue fastest muscle we have?
I'm experiencing extreme muscle pain from both arms and shoulders, due to a dumb workout, that has lasted for 3 days, what should I do?
Should a 60 year old join a gym?
What are some ways to get your legs leaned out but muscular? I would like to stay fit but have thinner thighs.
Is going to the gym good for the physique of a girl?
Is it necessary to reduce the number of bars in a column if its height is being reduced?
Do I reduce height if I go to the gym?
Is there such a thing as exercise intolerance? Every time I attempt to exercise I feel dreadful and sick.
Bikini season is around the corner. What running workout is best to lose some weight?
Which upper body workouts will make paddling easier while surfing?
Is there an age which I should stop going to the gym?
What is the perfect weekly workout plan to gain muscle at a fast pace? Currently, I workout all of my muscles, except my shoulders and legs, twice a week.
What type of exercises can be done with a stretch band?
Why should I do breathing exercises?
What is the best exercise for a 59-year-old person?
Will walking on all fours strengthen my knee caps?
What is the best time to do cardio (Walk, Jog and Running), before weights or after weights?
I've exercised moderately every other day for a year. I'm 50+ years old. Will my muscles ever stop being sore?
Which stationary exercise burns the most per hour?
What should I do If I am a student and don’t get time for exercise?
Why do people walk to places instead of running?
Which exercises can increase our height after 18 years old?
How do I take whey protein, before workout or after workout?
Can a person become 6ft or 6ft 5in+ tall by exercising, regardless of genetics?
For strengthening and long term health of tendons and ligaments, are low reps more effective or high reps?
How will 8 minutes of sprinting and 45 minutes of swimming twice a weekend affect me physically?
Is on-the-spot jogging effective?
What are the requirements for an advanced yoga class?
Will yoga help me reduce my BP?
Should I workout everyday and how long if I'm weak and skinny?
What is the longest I should be riding an exercise bike?
What is the best physical activity for a 50-year-old to keep fit?
What gives you motivation for fitness?
How can I make my calf muscles bigger?
Why do a lot of non-straight women have broader shoulders? Is it a biological reason linked to homosexuality?
How important is a fit body in terms of survival and life expectancy?
Which is best, running or swimming?
How do I get mass on my chest?
My parents say if I miss school for being sick, then I can't lift weights the same day. Is this right?
Which is better for burning calories, calisthenics or weight training?
What is the difference between CrossFit and gym exercises?
What is a good weight training routine 2 times a week?
Why aren’t simple carbohydrates not recommended pre-workout?
Why does Quincy Larson always recommend audiobooks and when does he listen to them?
What are the tips to be followed during workouts?
I'm 20. How can I go from 5 ft 9 to 6 ft 1?
What is the shortest and most effective daily gym routine?
How many times a week I can do full Sudarshan Kriya in follow up sessions? Is there any side effect if I do it 4 to 5 times a week?
Can a complete strength training program be built around kettlebell swings, the barbell deadlift, and bodyweight pull-ups?
Should I do calisthenics or running as a teenager to get fit and skinny and healthy?
What should I do to improve my arm strength for push up?
How long should I work out at the gym to lose weight?
If served dessert before dinner at a formal event, do I eat it before or after the entree?
Which is the best beginner gym workout routine to build muscle and lose fat for a 32 year old male?
Is it possible to build a good muscular body in 1 -2 months without going to the gym?
How can I reduce my arms?
Its been 8 month since I stopped exercising. My body feels stiff, my hands and my rest of my body feels warm all the time. What can I do to get well?
Can I attract women by being lifting weights?
Is exercise bad for you?
What is the best way for a senior to strength train?
I've been working out for 2 years now, I have packed on good amount of muscle mass but I don't have definitive cuts, how do I get toned muscles?
What results can be seen after doing 20 minutes elliptical trainer daily?
Can you improve vision with excercise?
I only have a bench for bench press, leg lifts on the bench and 56 pounds worth of weights. What workouts can I do?
What is the proper form for pull-ups and push-ups in the Air Force?
What are the benefits Of Fitness And Exercise?
What’s the fastest you ever sprinted?
What is the best strength training program for a 62 year old man trying to build muscle?
Can you join the best yoga center in the world?
Are hula hoop rotations beneficial in any way if they’re included alongside weight training?
Why should you warm up before playing badminton?
If a skinny person lifts, does he get bigger or more toned?
What is the best exercise for a flat stomach?
Why does my gym instructor despise cardio?
Shouldn’t the Indian police maintain fitness standards even for regular service members since most lose track of fitness once they get selected?
What length should exercise bands be?
Can an employer round up hours if less then 30 minutes?
What are some side effects for 16-year-old boys who go to gym?
How can I build a strong app?
What are the differences in calorie burning in walking and biking?
Why do the muscles above and to the sides of my mouth constrict when I swing my arms in full circles?
If I swim 36 laps instead of 24 laps, 3 times / week, will my metabolism be faster on the days following these workouts?
How can I add bodyweight exercises on workout days?
Which PSU has no physical fitness test?
How much weight and repetitions do you do while doing squats and deadlifts?
How often should I work a muscle group as a teenager?
What are the reasons to feel shortness of breath and sweating while excercising?
How can I improve my cardiovascular fitness for the 12 minute Cooper run?
What are some good physical exercises for sex?
If pushups on a carpet will limit your gains (I've been told), wouldn't doing them on a yoga mat or on grass have the same effect?
What is the quickest possible way to gain muscle as a basketball player?
How do I program a HealthStream GS1195T endurance treadmill?
What is the best diet and exercise program for a 300lb man like myself?
Does doing uperbody weight lifting build visible abs?
Can I workout with dumbbells after a meal?
How does a slim person build up his muscles in the next 4 months?
Which exercises are best for the butt if I have hip dysplasia and bad knees?
What's a good routine for a full workout at a gym?
How important is it to eat after a workout?
Besides weight loss, what are the benefits of daily exercise?
Should peanuts be eaten before or after a workout?
Who are your role models in gym and fitness?
How many squats should one do for quick results?
What are some good basic exercises for a 14 year old to do inside?
I have been having a sore lower back, which just escalated with a level-up on a dead-weight rep. Should I just keep applying heat and wait it out?
Should I give blood after running for 4 miles?
What would you think to be the best training regimen with the available exercises?
Between running, cycling and rowing which one results in the highest energy expenditure and why?
Can I get fit body just by walking one hour a day?
What are some easy ways for people with desk jobs to stay fit?
What should be eaten for breakfast when you workout in the evening everyday?
Is there any free workout and nutrition regimen website or app with feedback for getting fit?
If those who are against treadmill running were to live in a place with an extreme climate, would they still run outdoors?
Does aerobic exercise help in migraine?
Why do people get weaker with age despite following the same fitness routine and diet regimen?
What are the things one can do to be fit?
How does one transition into eating two meals per day and exercising again without screwing up their metabolism?
How long does it take to see results from working out as a teen?
Should I workout with my girlfriend?
Is there any standard workout routine for Ectomorphs?
Is it okay to just do side jacknives for obliques? Because I heard somewhere that obliques work for twisting as well.
What are the benefits of walking lunges, and which muscles do you work out?
How do I reverse type 2 diabetes with food and exercise alone? Please include specifics meal plans or type of exercises in your answer.
Which exercises will give you broad shoulders without going to a gym?
What is the importance of aerobic activities?
Is it possible for an athlete to have the strength and muscles of a bodybuilder, and the endurance of a marathon runner at the same time?
Will continuous exercise to my physical limits, even in old age, give me a longer lifespan?
What exercises can I do to gain strength and increase muscle size? Also, how do I reduce belly fat?
Is jogging for two minutes then walking for eight and doing that for twenty minutes good?
After how many days can eyes be cured by yoga?
What are the health benefits of early morning exercises?
Why is it important to stretch after exercise, what happens if I don't?
How do I train for 8k run?
How can I make my stomach flatter in a week?
What are good exercises to get strong enough to pick up a person?
What’s the best arm and forearms routine?
Does arthritis and strenuous exercise go hand and hand when you are older, e.g. above 70?
What are some breathing exercises that increases the lung capacity?
How can I start gym exercises for good health?
What is the use of pull up and pull down resistors in a micro-controller?
Why doesn't the body want to exercise?
Is it possible to get a pointy nose with nothing else but face exercises?
Is it really possible for a man of 28 to become fit and esthetic after being obese for 15+ years by following strict excercise and diet regiments?
What are some of the most effective bodyweight exercises to do while traveling?
What are gym membership fees per month in Copenhagen for weightlifting?
I have missed 8 days of my gym due to fever. Will I lose my gains?
What are the best yoga asanas and exercises without any stress on the belly and abdomen?
Should you train rear delts on a pull day or push day?
What is the best alternative to a personal trainer?
How do I cancel a Weibo VIP membership without paying?
Are Zen monks encouraged to engage in physical exercise? If not, why?
Are AirPods good to use while running?
After doing yoga religiously and being vegetarian (eating very little oil) for a month, I've lost only 2kg. Should I be worried?
I want to build a fitness software application. What are people's worst pain points when getting into shape? Workout planning, nutrition, etc.?
How can I prevent pain in my knees while doing leg stretching?
If exercising a lot keeps you young and is anti-ageing, then why do many who work out have a lot of wrinkles?
What do I need to do to build strength for Parkour/Calisthenics?
Why can't I find the energy and motivation to work out?
Is it normal for the front part of my calves to hurt from standing too long?
What workout plan should be followed if planning to have a baby without risking a miscarriage due to stress?
What is the name of a small engine that can lift 100 kg of weight?
What are some good ways to go from skinny to fit?
Which type of pushups are good for us?
If a man never works out, what will happen to him? Will he live a shorter life than the men who work out regularly?
What are some effective excersises I can implement into my workout routine that will speed up my progress towards a one arm pull up?
How can I begin the business in yoga?
Why do I feel so turned on sometimes after I workout on my legs?
How frequently do YOU back squat vs. front squat?
Are there any positives to working out the same muscle two days in a row?
How and when do I get back in my shape?
How can I get a lean body at home without using any equipment?
What exercises are there to lose belly, hip, and thigh fat?
What are scarecrow exercises?
After how many days is it safe to start exercising again after suffering from a cold?
How can I get flat abs in 6 weeks?
How many days does it take the shoulders to recover after workout?
How can I workout and not be sore?
Is it okay to do both swimming and gym after 50?
Is it bad for someone who weight lifts not to have a calorie surplus?
How can I reduce my belly fat and waist size from 35 to 28 or 29 as they keep on increasing even though I workout?
What's a good way to lose 10kg in 2 weeks without much exercise?
What exercise would you suggest for a woman to lose thigh fat?
What is the best way to reduce weight, working out at the gym or running?
Why do some people have small hips and big thighs?
What are the most effective traps exercises?
How can I calculate the calories that I have burned and make a diet plan like fitness coaches do?
How does the intensity and duration of exercise affect the hormonal response?
What is a good diet to follow? I just joined the gym to make me fit.
How can I go to a gym without losing my cheeks?
How much excercise is considered excessive?
How can I keep doing exercise if I'm not eating well?
As a bodybuilder with a hunchback, what kinds of concerns should I have while lifting weights? What are the exercises I should/shouldn't be doing?
How long should I exercise/workout when time isn't an issue?
What are some examples of muscular endurance?
Which workout will broaden my upper body frame?
Do workouts affect growth?
Will running help lower body weight?
Why do wrists hurt while doing a downward dog yoga position?
Running is the best thing for me to keep my mood in check. It's my hobby. How can I improve muscle gain at gym and not cut my running?
How does Akram Khan stays consistent in his workouts?
Can I do body weight exercises after intense weight training?
What sort of physique would you like to have?
Which are the best chest exercises to develop the outer pectoral muscle?
How many times per week should I do a HIIT workout, and how many times should I do a strength workout?
After an exercise, I felt like throwing up and my vision became very bright, like the grass was glowing neon green. Does anyone know why it occurred?
How can you prevent feeling dizzy when working out?
Is lifting 30kg weight 20 times and 20kg 30 times the same?
How much exercise is safe in the morning?
How can we be fit mentally and physically?
How do I reduce my body fat and get ripped?
What can I do, when my right chest is bigger than my left chest?
How many miles should I run a week?
Will weightlifting stunt height growth?
How can I make my right shoulder lift up as far as the left while walking?
Does Jocko Willink really workout 7 days a week every morning?
What's the best way to run a sub-3 minute 800 meter run?
What are some calisthenics exercises for shoulders (that do not involve pull-up bars)?
When can I lift weights after a back operation?
How do some guys get so strong without ever hitting the gym?
What are the best outfits for workout for a female (it would be helpful with images)?
How do I run the 400 meter dash properly?
What are some exercises to burn stomach and thigh fat?
How do young working people in Bangalore stay healthy despite huge office work load ?
How can I be more fit?
How do I complete 1,600 meters in 7 minutes?
Why does every train stops at Visakhapatnam for 20 minutes?
What is the best workout routine for an 18 year old to reduce fat?
What is the difference between a bulk body and a lean body?
What is a good workout routine for those trying to gain weight?
What do I need to do at home to get my abs to show if I'm already skinny?
What body weight is enough to make you feel heavy against a push?
How do I maintain flexibility of my body when I'm working out regularly?
Is there an easy way to fix text neck posture?
What if a fit man stops exercising?
What should I avoid eating before intense cardio training to stop me from needing to poop?
Is a morning walk good for your health?
How can I gain my body structure?
What are some agility exercises examples?
How do I build my upper chest?
In a month or two, can you get a decent six-pack of abdominals?
How many sit-ups would a person have to do in a single night to see results the next day?
What kind of exercises would you recommend for a teenager who wants to start gaining muscle mass at home, without fancy equipment?
What music/song should I be listening to while running or working out?
How do one start exercising after a C-section?
Which one jumps faster, a guy without a jump-rope or a guy with a jump-rope?
What are the pros and cons of stretching everyday?
What happens if you do cardio on a calorie surplus?
How do I do a plank properly?
When should I start to exercise after my pregnancy?
What exercises can help to reduce stiffness in my broken wrist?
What are the best medicines and exercises for a healthy brain?
How do I get bigger hips naturally?
What are some great strength training exercises that can be done anywhere?
Did stretching, hanging, sprinting or any sort of exercise work for you to grow taller? If so, how?
Which pranayama and yoga poses are recommended for someone who has already quit smoking?
If you apply pressure to a bone every day, will it eventually move in the direction you are pushing it?
Where can I learn about losing weight without dieting and exercising?
What are the benefits of doing squats every day?
How does running increase your fitness? How much time should I spend running every day?
How do I increase my muscles?
Will I gain weight if I go to the gym only 2 times a week?
How can I rebuild and strengthen cartilage?
What is a way to reduce the breadth of only the lower body, especially thighs, but not the upper body?
Which exercises are good for sex?
What is a good amount of sit ups to do daily to strengthen my abs?
What's a good workout routine for maximum health benefits with little risk of injury?
How can I improve my stamina and strength?
How can I build muscle at home with a pair of dumbbells 15kgs each and doing pushups?
How do I wake up early in the morning, in hot summers, to exercise and not feel lazy?
What is the name of exercise machine?
Is it bad for men to have soy protein (more specifically after weight lifting)?
Is there a way to lose belly fat without eating healthy and exercising?
Suppose that I am doing a chest or back workout in which I rarely have to walk. Are the calories burnt during these workouts being counted by the Mi Band 2?
What is a good fitness routine for a musician especially a guitarist?
Is one egg per day enough for muscle gain?
How many months does it take for a complete body transformation if we do gym workouts for 2 hours a day, 6 days a week?
How do I avoid losing muscle mass?
My legs are too skinny compared to my upper body, so what are the best leg workouts to build heavy and thicker legs?
Which is better, doing mat exercises or going to the gym?
What are some very simple free-hand exercises for absolute beginners at home?
How long and how often should I exercise to see some serious muscle gains?
Can Sennheiser wireless headphones be used for workouts in the gym?
How do you calculate relative fitness?
What's the best way to lose weight slowly? I work away a lot, so I stay at a hotels. I don't do any exercises at the moment, and I'm currently 5'9 at 270 lbs.
How much should you rest in a day?
What is cardio exercise?
How can I work on my pectorals with no bench, just dumbbells and a barbell?
Should we do cardio before weights? Or cardio after weight training?
Will I lose fat if I jog in one spot for 30 minutes a day?
How do I learn CrossFit without a trainer?
How can I maintain my physical fitness while I'm over 60?
Is it true that you train push-ups daily without resting?
What are the best YouTube channels for fitness which teaches step by step to beginners and nutrition channel for maintaining proper healthy life?
What else can I do to loosen up my calves?
Is there an exercise which can replace sit-ups? I've heard they have a high body DMG percent.
Is going to the gym worth it or can I stay fit at home?
What is the best gym in Greeley, Colorado?
How can I as a woman be as strong/fit as some of the crossfitters out there?
How do I make my back thighs bigger?
What are some upper body workouts if you’re so weak you can't do a push up?
Is it good if I run for 30 minutes, stop a little bit, then carry on running?
Why am I having aches and soreness when I work?
What should I do first in a cycle of meditation, yoga and exercise?
How do you perform lingual exercises?
Will I gain muscle faster if I have a fitness coach?
How can I build a massive chest with heavy weights?
Why do women refuse to go to the gym by saying they don't want to look mannish?
Will strengthening my toes and ankles increase my vertical jump and running speed?
How do I maintain my BMR and muscle mass after I stop exercising?
What are the simple but important exercises I should do if I am a teenage girl?
What are some good workout routines for a rowing machine?
How can I build muscles if I have a coronary heart disease?
What books do you recommend for nutrition plans, workout routines, and getting a healthy, ripped body?
What is better for a (sprinting) athlete, pull ups or barbell rows?
How many kms should I run to lose 7 kg per month?
How can I lift and tone flabby arms with a workout? How long does it take? Is it really effective with excess skin?
Is going to the gym once every two days good?
Will our stomach increase if we stop doing abdomen exercises?
What should I think if my recovering anorexic sister wants to start going to the gym with me? Should I be worried?
Is it normal to yawn when you're at the gym working out?
Will push-ups alone help in fat reduction?
How can I get back into the shape I was in 5 years ago? I'm 25 years old. How much time is it probably going to take?
Why can I lift 85% of my max with good form and speed but at 95% my form breaks down and I can barely get in a couple of reps?
What is a single exercise that combines aerobic and anaerobic activity?
What is a good workout routine for getting cut, diet included?
Why aren't you exercising right now?
What are some examples of muscular endurance in sports?
How do fitness models get ripped?
Is it safe and healthy to do heavy weight squat for a person with flat feet and overpronation?
Why is exercising indoors better than exercising outdoors when there is high ozone concentration in the air?
Should I do cardio/HIIT for 1-2 months then weights?
What’s more important, an 8 hour good night sleep or exercising in the morning?
How does the weight of a body affect its motion if the body is moving on a horizontal plane?
Other than losing weight, how do you make yourself able to walk around for several hours consecutively without having sore legs?
Why can’t I deadlift my 1-rep max after a 4-rep warm-up set, but I can deadlift the 1-rep max on days when I do zero warm-up?
What workout can you recommend to strenghten my lower back?
How long does it take to cure varicocele through yoga?
Is cardio really necessary for fat loss?
How can a person start exercising again after gaining a lot of weight and losing motivation?
What is the minimum age for a person to join the gym?
What are the sports for lower body weight loss?
Is it bad to do squats when taking a shower?
Which exercise machines do you use at home for working out?
Why do my legs hurt after running?
How effective are isometric exercises?
Why do I get a rash when I exercise?
What kind of exercises do you need to do to get a bigger butt?
Why does leg workout takes most strength?
What are good companies to buy above-average-weight free weights from?
What physical activity is required for the CRPF?
In terms of losing weight, is it better to go on a diet and not exercise as much, or to eat normally and create a strict fitness routine?
Lets just say if I jogged a mile which I do everyday, will creatine build my body if I just run/jog a mile everyday?
I run a 5:20 mile and want to run a sub 4:40 by the beginning of track season in 9 months. What type of training do I need to run it?
Do leg muscles build stamina?
How do you get flat abs in a month?
Has any one achieved great results by doing yoga daily?
What should I eat at night (dinner) to reduce my belly fat?
I'm a 16 year old girl and just ran a 8:50 mile. I haven't done any physical activity in the last 2 years. How do I improve my mile time?
How do toned arms differ from muscular arms?
Is it bad to exercise if you are a heavy smoker?
How can I increase my stamina for running?
Why is my right arm swollen after a workout at the gym? I am having no pain but my arm feels heavy. What is the reason?
How many reps per set are necessary while lifting weights to build muscle?
How does an ABS work?
What should overweight people do in the gym to avoid injuries and getting bored?
What five weight training exercises would you choose for a full body routine?
Is it easier or harder to burn fat as a teen than an adult?
What are the exercises I should do for running 100m if I am aiming for the Olympics?
How much exercise should I get each day if I work a desk job?
To what extent can light aerobic exercise lower blood pressure?
How can I keep my knees in line when squatting? I experience a lot of popping and clicking after I squat.
What's Dale Steyn's workout?
Why do I feel like puking or vomiting every time I complete a gym workout?
Can you bulk up without getting more fat?
How many calories does 30 push-ups and 30 sit-ups burn?
What is a good beginner workout for strength and muscle built?
How many calories does 20 minutes of running burn?
When you do cardio, does your heart get stronger? Or do your muscles just use the oxygen more efficiently?
Are the deadlifts and squats helping to reduce weight and burn fat?
Is it cool to grunt and moan while lifting weights at the gym?
Why do your hands shake after lifting weights?
What are some weight bearing exercises?
What are wrong things in yoga, is it medically foolproof?
What happens when a female bodybuilder stops working out?
How many times a day should I work out?
What's the ideal time duration for cardio exercise per day at the gym? This is for huge weight reduction for men.
How long do I have to do these exercises until I have normal posture?
How can I lose fat, get skinny, fit and healthy as a teenager and fit in my clothes?
What are the benefits of doing pushups? How does it help women? How many reps. should one do?
Why does it seem that every fitness and bodybuilding instructor advocates against cardio training, when in fact it’s one of the best exercises you can do?
Can we go to the gym after swimming?
Is it normal that my left side of the body (legs, shoulders, arms, chest) is bigger than my right even though I'm right handed?
How do I get visible abs?
Is it difficult to reduce fat around your hips after the age of 65, especially in summer when it is too hot to walk? What can I do, other than going to gym or using a treadmill?
What is the best exercise routine for a skinny 13-year-old?
If I don't sweat while riding my bicycle, does that mean I am not burning calories?
What all exercises/cardio/gym can I (26-years-old) do to lose 18 kg (92-74 ideal), considering that my right shoulder joint got dislocated and relocated?
How many calories does bending over backwards burn?
Can I lift weights 5 days in a row? I'm 42 years old.
What is the importance of rest after a workout?
Am I allowed to use the gym after school?
Which type of stretches are recommended for the beginners, dynamic or static?
What are some tips for improving leg flexibility?
Is there a way to meet women in my yoga classes?
After I eat lunch, what can I drink/eat as far as bodybuilding supplements to lower my hunger until post-workout?
Does regular diet and exercise help with anxiety and depression?
What should one eat if he wakes up at 6:30am, and has to be at the gym by 7am?
If I don't feel like going to the gym after work, would going in the morning be a good idea?
Where can I see videos of meditation exercises online?
We've all heard people say that walking is just as effective as running in terms of exercise. Is this true?
Is it possible to look normal with a receding chin?
Is doing 50 knee press ups the same as doing 25 normal ones?
How do I maintain a workout diet when living in PG?
How do I find a balance between muscle gain and cardio workouts?
How did your body change once you started working out?
Is my workout routine an effective calisthenics workout?
What do you do to stay in shape while on holiday?
What 3 workouts can I do in my little apartment to stay in shape?
What if you didn't eat much but didn't exercise? Would you still lose as much weight as if you exercised and didn't eat much?
Is it good for a single guy to masturbate 3 to 4 times a week?
Talent isn't enough these days. Why?
How long do you have to exercise stock after leaving a company?
Will eating significantly less get me a six-pack faster?
Can a female build up strength same as a male through weight lifting and exercises?
How do I get toned legs & a big butt?
Why is most of the strength program only three days per week?
What body proportions are best for endurance running?
Why do I have body aches after weight workouts?
What should I do to get fit as a teenager and get skinny, strong and healthy?
What should one prefer for a toned body, aerobics, Zumba, Pilates, yoga or weight training in the gym?
Why do strength calisthenics (10-15 reps per set) make me more sore than weight training?
How can I get my hip fat back?
What are the results for doing yoga once a week?
Does Compression (& Copper added) really work for sore muscles & other ailments?
Has anyone that you know ever made a lean body without lifting heavy weights?
Should I stop working out when preparing for exams?
Where do you recommend getting cheap, pretty and comfy exercise / yoga attire in Singapore? Is JB worth travelling to for getting cheaper goods?
What could be the reason for not losing fat despite six months of regular gym activity?
How can I get out of running the mile?
How much weight did you burn from yoga?
How long and to what degree do you need to elevate heart rate in exercise?
What sorts of exercise do you not do?
What are some people who beat aging with exercise and lifestyle?
Is it better to first lose body fat and then build muscle or both at the same time?
Is swimming for 1 hour daily enough of an exercise for a healthy heart if I also consume a lot of butter daily?
What are some stretches I can do to be able to do the splits?
Where can I find out more about the workout app ginger that helps you find workout partners?
How do I develop biceps and triceps? I do lift (15+15) kg dumbbells but have not gotten any impressive results.
What are the gym workouts for triceps?
I’ve been going to the gym for the last month to build muscles, and I mean big muscles. When will I start seeing a big improvement?
I can run 3k in 17 mins, how to make it below 11 minutes and how long will it take if I run 4 days a week?
How do you adjust your workout routine when you are cutting weight?
Is it advisable to go to the gym during periods?
What is the best way for me to lose my last layer of body fat, but still gain muscle?
What exercise should I do to increase my leg muscles or leg diameter?
Can I lose weight by diet alone, or must I also exercise?
How many times should I do eye yoga exercises?
How should I kick start my running (fitness) after a long injury layoff?
What feels better, sex or lifting weights? Don't say sex. It’s overrated.
Can you build endurance without running?
How should I be working out?
What should my diet plan for six-pack abs be if I exercise/work out at home without equipment?
Should I take a week off of weight training?
How many days can we stay fit without drinking?
Is it possible to get slimmer calves and a slimmer looking face?
What would happen to exercise ISO if AMT is repealed?
Are there any simple exercises to tone our body?
What is the best plan to lose 10kg weight in 40 days?
Do I really need a rest day from working out? Please see the comment.
As a beginner, how long will it take for my abs to recover?
What's the best way to brush up my Mandarin with 3-4 weeks in China?
If you were seen doing some unusual exercise (e.g. yoga, parkour), what would your response be to "what are you doing" and "why are you doing that"?
How do I know I am jogging but not running?
Is it possible to do more than 70 sit-ups in a minute?
Is Krav Maga a strength or cardio workout?
Why am I getting fat? How do I stay fit and toned?
What is the perfect time for exercise?
Why are my thighs so large?
What exercises should I do to have a fit body?
What happens if we eat rice after workouts? Is it good or bad?
What are the best jawline exercises?
How do I sew an accordion stretch panel, does the elastic have to be pre-stretched?
What is the best workout plans blog?
Is stretching important post-workout?
Is standing punishment good for one’s health?
Will girls go crazy over me if I start lifting weights and getting in shape?
What is best street workout equipment?
How bulletproof are the weighted vests used for exercise?
Where in Rishikesh can I learn Kundalini Yoga?
Apart from working out at the gym, how do men generally train (context: India)?
What are the pros and cons of working out all seven days?
If I do weight training 4 days a week but don't eat enough, will I be in danger of over training?
How should I keep myself fit and healthy?
Is 41 push ups in one minute good for a thirteen year old male?
What is better for weight loss: cardio or weight training?
Are high knees a vigorous exercise?
What are the benefits of working out 7 days a week?
Is doing 300 burpees per day a good workout?
Why are my muscles bigger after a workout?
What style of climbing is the best upper body workout?
What is the best way to jog in the morning?
What is the best ab exercise? What is the best type of exercise for a 6-pack? Don’t worry about nutrition. I've got that covered.
Should I lift weights immediately after eating to gain muscle?
Can you lift things to be strong without using dumbbells?
Can I lose weight by exercising, but not changing my diet?
What is your typical golf warm-up routine?
How can I lose weight again after gaining some due to lack of exercising and rough eating?
Is there any harm in doing strength and cardio exercise everyday?
Which is better for girls, the gym or aerobics?
What are some ways to do weight training that'll help me get ripped when I won't have access to a gym because I'll be traveling long term?
It's been 110 days since I got an operation on my leg for a tendon that had ruptured. I'm still not able to put weight on my leg. Is that normal? What should I do?
Is it advisable to buy a treadmill online?
How can I train my (bulky) body for long distance running?
How do I make time for workouts when I have a busy schedule?
Why does time seem to slow down during exercise?
What was the experience like for someone who got into FIT?
How do I burn body fat fast and gain (or maintain at least) muscle?
Has the Hulk really lifted the weight of a star, as some people claim?
I want to lose fat and gain muscle, should I set my macros to lose or gain weight?
How can I work out (strength, muscle building) while on a trekking tour with no access to a gym?
Can I run one hour per day as well as going everyday to the gym? Would such intensity have any down side?
How do I increase my muscles on the sides of my glutes?
Does pre workout and in workout affect male fertility?
How can I get bigger forearms?
How much do you have to Squat in order to dunk?
How can I cure constipation if I have already tried everything including exercises and medications?
How many calories do I burn if I walk for 60 minutes or take 7,000 steps in a day?
What are the best 15 minutes workout to stay in shape?
Where should you start if you want to burn excess fat and do some toning up this summer? Is a cleanse recommended to start with, or are they purely a fad?
What is your preference, fitness training or yoga, and why?
How many push-ups, crunches, leg raises and squats should I do to lose 80lbs?
Is calisthenics more effective at cutting body fat than HIIT training?
What is the strength of strength?
Is your upper chest important?
How many times a week should I workout to grow a butt?
What's another way to work on my abs other than abs workouts?
Would a wider back, bigger shoulders, stretched out fully fingers increase your wingspan?
What are the best workouts to get big biceps?
How can I improve my endurance for soccer?
Why is walking in the woods beneficial for your health?
Is morning exercise good for slim guys?
Aside from the importance of nutrition, what are some great exercises to build muscle while efficiently burning fat?
How can I start gym exercises?
Can 100 push ups a day reduce chest fat?
Can squint be cured by exercise?
Can you build a muscular body through yoga, since essentially you are lifting your entire body weight by doing yogic asanas and exercises?
Whats are the best exercises to build huge calves?
Does doing yoga alone could make a person slim and fit?
Will I lose muscle if I lift lighter weights?
How can I manage to get fit, healthy, skinny as a teen?
Is running in place considered a vigorous exercise?
How can we get young people to do more exercise?
How can I achieve washboard abs and defined pectoral muscles at home?
What is a good weight bearing exercise for osteopenia?
Does burning fat increase the need for water (substantially)?
Is it possible to lose weight and build muscle through weight training only?
What is the perfect weekly schedule to reach my highest cardio potential?
Do I still have a chance of widening my hips?
What are some exercises to lift and shape my butt?
What are some of the best calisthenic exercises improve my sprint speed?
How much time should I do cycling to get rid of my pouch-like tummy?
What factors are important in determining the length of time for breath holding when at rest during re-breathing and exercising?
Which exercises and other stuff do you recommend for making your booty grow? Can that happen?
Why is cycling so much more effective than running and why can I attain higher speeds than walking, even when going uphill?
What builds more mass in weightlifting? More reps and less sets or less reps and more sets?
Can a 13-year-old boy perform push-ups? Are there any side effects?
What workout split would be best for someone in the military that requires all around fitness, and incorporates at least 3 days of cardio?
What is the best cardio exercise for someone suffering from back pain?
How do I get in better shape?
How can women get a lean and muscular physique?
How many push-ups are needed per day to get a 6-pack abs?
What are the exercises to cure knock knees?
Is it ok if all I do is work out at the gym and sleep it off? I'm extremely frustrated with everything.
While doing kegel exercises, I used to get pain in my legs. Am I doing them right?
How can I stop being lazy and get motivation to run and get fit and skinny?
Let's say X does strength training for one year, and Y does cardio for one year. Who burns the most fat?
Will losing weight and exercising make cellulite go away?
What is calisthenics all about?
When you stop consuming protein, how long until you feel the effects?
How heavy is too heavy to stop growth?
How do the accessory muscles of respiration work?
I want to look fit on my 20th birthday. I have 7 months and I am starting my workout. What should I do for my diet, being from an Indian household?
How do I become muscular in one month?
What is the best exercises for bad knees?
What is the different body shapes of girls?
Do MBBS students go to the gym?
I am lifting weights for over 5 months and taking whey isolates, but do not seem any gain in my muscles. What am I doing wrong?
Do you consider yourself as an athelete if you're a bodybuilder who lifts 5-6 times a week?
How can one lose belly and butt fat?
Why is distance running so popular?
Can most women achieve an "hour glass figure" with diet and exercise?
How long does it take to see the effects of a healthy diet, and what are the effects that take place?
Is Ensure a good post-workout drink?
How should I reduce weight without hitting the gym?
Is there any way I can improve my mental stamina?
What is the best way to reduce weight, by jogging, cycling, or swimming?
How can I impress girls in yoga class?
Would working out before exams help reduce stress/increase performance?
Can you have a full workout with only one exercise?
What does it take to be a cardiovascular surgeon?
Can simple breathing exercises be practiced without guidance?
How often should one do street workout?
What is the main disadvantage of circuit training?
What are some advantages of developing breathing exercises?
Does going to the gym affect one’s studies?
I'm 15 and I want to lose thigh fat and gain upper body strength. What's a good workout plan for me?
Is 6 minutes and 23 seconds a good mile time for a 13 year old?
How do I make sure I'm not slowly losing muscle mass because of over-exercise and a 2000-to-2500-calories-a-day diet?
Which is the best fitness band for under Rs. 1500?
What are some of the best ab workouts at home and with no equipment?
What are good games that function as great brain exercises?
What is the best exercise for monster, massive shoulders? Which supplements are best?
Can I lose weight by doing 1km of running and a 4-minute Tabata workout?
Will a mix of weight lifting and HIIT cardio, while taking supplements, result in fat loss and muscle gain?
What are some workouts that don't need a lot of breathing capacity?
What are the advantages of yoga in daily life?
Can I get a full-body workout with a 45lb kettlebell?
How do I transform my body like Sahil Khan?
How do I lose 10kg in 2 weeks without a lot of exercise? I'm currently 76kg (female), with an athletic build, but my tummy is starting to pop out.
I'm having 5 small meals a day and I lift weights, but I'm not losing the bellyfat for my abs to be visible. I'm not fat. What am I doing wrong?
What is the best outfit for ladies going to the gym in India, and where can we get it?
How do I do cardio excercise at home without any equipment?
How come guys at the gym can see through a woman’s workout clothes if she’s wearing a thong?
Should peanuts be considered after or before a workout?
Why do psychiatrists only spend 5 minutes with you? I feel like I need to switch my meds?
Is it okay to extra train arms and shoulders other than in the gym?
Is a toning tube useful for full body making?
How do I work out at home to build a six-pack?
Is masturbation OK after 1 hour of working out in the gym?
Would an exercise routine of squats and pull-ups for two hours a day, six days a week be enough for a 'fit' body?
Can you recommend a good post workout snack?
Don't you think it's weird that women shape who they are to get a man, and men shape who they are to get a woman?
Why do I sweat more than ladies half my age?
How do I do pullups/chinups?
What kind of exercises would Vivek Mittal suggest to a 72kg teenage girl if she wants to lose 10kg within one month?
Why does exercising make my chest flat? How can I make my boobs bigger?
How do seniors usually commute if they want to leave their homes, for example, to participate in a fitness program?
How would I get abs as soon as possible?
Is it possible to start a mus cell building with Headlock Muscle?
What kind of exercise can lazy people do?
If I run/jog a mile on a treadmill, would I get the same benefits and exercise as if I had run on a track?
Why do my legs feel shaky after exercise?
What exercises can I do so I can twist my upper body around and how long will it take?
What kind of exercise will get me a body like Cameron Dallas?
Is Endura mass good while doing calisthenics?
Do you ever struggle with staying committed to running? What's your biggest motivation?
Can I increase my chest up to 10 inches?
What are some good exercises to perform on piano to help improve articulation?
It takes me almost an entire year to read and do only 1/4 of the exercises, so how do CLRS book authors design those exercises and problems?
What are the best exercises for men over 40?
Is the strength gained from squatting everyday not permanent?
How can I feel a runner's high again?
What's the difference between HICT, HIIT, HIRT, SMIT, HIVT, and VIIT?
How many times should an adult masturbate in a week?
After a tiresome day, what is it that lifts up your spirit?
What is a good home workout trying to get lean muscle? I don't have dumbells or weights at my house.
What is aerobic endurance in football?
How long does it take until muscle mass starts to go down after not working out?
What workout do you use to train for the 300 meter hurdles?
Does my cardio routine (30 minutes on the treadmill, alternating 1 min intense exercise with 3 min rest) meet the criteria for effective HIIT?
What are some of the best tricep exercises for mass?
Will bodybuilding make women's legs bulky? If not, then why do fitness pros (like Nikki B etc.) have big legs?
How can I train myself (bulky) for long-distance running?
How does a skinny guy get abs without getting even skinnier?
When should I eat food after doing a workout?
Can men wear slim fitting jackets for interviews?
How do pilots manage workouts and hectic flight schedules, to keep themselves fit?
What is the best way to achieve my real complexion after swimming?
Should I draw mind maps and do exercises instead of just reading and doing exercises to get better grades in high school?
Which is better, a workout for your whole body in a single day or a workout for different body parts every other day?
What are the advantages of negatives for chin-ups?
Why is running outside better than on a treadmill?
What is above physically strong for an Adult man?
What are the best facelift exercises?
After a week of doing yoga, especially inhaling and exhaling, I feel some sort of sound or movements at the back of my anus. What could that be?
What are the health benefits of doing pilates during pregnancy?
Why do my thighs hurt after doing squats?
How do weight bearing exercises actually help bones?
What is the cycle of meditation, yoga, and exercise?
Can one build upper pectorals without an incline press?
If at the 'full expression' of a yoga pose the yogi is supposed to be relaxed, why do teachers' dialogs still invoke intensity and hype (push, push!)?
How do you work-out 99²+199²+299²+399²+499²-5?
What are T25 exercises?
What should I eat and what workout should I do to stop my ribs from showing?
What is the chest size of John Abraham with pump in the movie Force?
How do I build muscle on my delts and make my shoulders wider and more muscular?
Is it enough to do a 10 minute bodyweight exercise and then run for 10 to 15 minutes to lose weight and belly fat?
If doing Olympic-style powerlifting workouts increases your muscles, why do bodybuilders work out using a split system?
What home workouts are good for 400m dash preparation?
Should I study for maths by doing exercises or by studying examples and figuring out how to solve similiar exercises?
Can we practice​ yoga after 6 in the evening?
Can a women have a flat stomach after delivery?
When getting sun exposure, should I do it 15 minutes without a break, or can I do it 10 minutes in the morning and 5 minutes in the afternoon?
What is it like to work as a fitness professional overseas? I am already familiar with the rub of what being a fitness professional in the US is like.
Is there any natural remedy for constipation/faecal retention or physical exercises for bowel health?
Is it too late to do physical exercise for my body shape?
How can a skinny 16-year-old guy start getting in shape with just a pair of dumbbells, a pull-up bar and a treadmill?
What are some exercises that help induce labor?
How do I control my bowel movements which strike every morning when I run, even after finishing two rounds of excretion?
How can I reduce my weight by doing exercising at home without any workout machines, and what are exercises that I can do?
Is Adriana Lima too muscled?
What would you recommend about running daily on road (tarmac)?
Which is the best exercise to have a great physical condition for surfing, especially for paddling?
Is running on treadmill enough to lose weight?
If the penis is a muscle, why can't it be exercised to get bigger?
How can I build up the muscles in my body in 6 months or more?
How many calories does strength training burn?
How can I practice mantras and yoga at home?
Is increasing reps/sets the same as increasing the weight? Which is better, increasing sets or reps, and by what amount? And how long before we increase them?
Is it true that increasing the repetitions of workout and not the weight helps in building cuts?
What is the best way to get in shape for capoeira classes in three months?
How would you intelligently work out 449*249 without a calculator?
How does aerobic activity influence metabolic activity?
When you burn body fat, do you burn saturated mono- and polyunsaturated fat in equal amounts, or is there a preferential one?
Is it possible to be obese yet remain healthy or physically fit?
How many times a week should I go to the gym and for how long?
How do I get more chest muscle so that my upper sternum is less visible?
How fast will I get my gains back to be fit for summer after being absent for almost two months from the gym?
What do you do when your pet does yoga?
Which kind of stretching exercise should I avoid if I have lower back pain?
What is an interesting way to get in shape?
Will my face look good if I lose fat and gain muscle?
How do rest days work when doing calisthenics?
As a 22-year-old, what health habits, diets, exercise routines, etc., should I be engaging in to lead a long, healthy life while maintaining a low body fat percentage?
What happens if you run 1 mile everyday for a year?
Which is better, gym or functional training?
Why do you need to be in a caloric surplus to build muscle?
Can I lengthen my neck with exercises?
Is it bad to always wipe your sweat while exercising?
Is there an accurate way to tell how many calories you've burned in a workout?
Is drinking on a regular basis (4-6 pegs) OK if you work out and do cardio 6 days a week (5 mile jog)?
What are some good makeup techniques for minimizing the appearance of a double chin?
Does working out make your shoulders broader?
How can a girl reduce the size of her thighs?
Is it advisable to have a nap right after a heavy workout?
How many people in the world can do Bruce Lee push-ups?
What are the best ways to advertise a fitness gym?
What conditioning or other exercise can I do to improve my fitness in this arena?
What's a good body weight percentage for a dead lift?
What are some beginner basketball training exercises that can be done at home with no hoop (female)?
Your maximum weightlifting capacity may be 50 kg. If you were asked to lift a 500-kg weight, how would you do it?
Why did the finger wrinkle after swimming?
is drinking a cold smoothie after a workout good or bad?
What is the best beginner routine for hypertrophy, Fierce 5, SS, or Stronglifts?
How long should an individual exercise their mind each day to keep from regressing in IQ?
What is more important, to have a strong and fit body or a clever brain?
Is a 15 km walk per day enough to lose a stone (14 pounds or 6.35 kg.) in 6 weeks, along with a good diet?
In Bikram yoga, the standing forward to knee starts on the left leg while the standing bow pose starts on the left leg. Why does the balancing stick start on the right leg?
If I do no other exercises besides squats, will my body look weird because I'll have a huge ass and no other muscles?
Is it possible to build muscle on antipsychotics? Is it as efficient as normally?
How can you get skinny in 2 weeks?
What is the correct way to work out the result of 899½-998¾?
What’s your exercise of choice when you are limited on time?
How long shall I jog for optimum cardio benefit?
Which sport is better to get a fit body, swimming or going to the gym?
Where can I get online training (preferably free) for doing full body work out and gym exercises, including diet?
What is best for burning belly fat: sit ups or running?
What protein drink is best for men during and after a workout? Is it okay to drink one both during and after? I weigh 63.3kg.
What food should I buy at a QuikTrip before an intense leg workout?
Why do I feel like stretching?
What is Angelina Jolie’s exercise routine?
Is there a way to shift the concept of exercise from workouts to body maintenance?
What should be the diet for a pure vegetarian who doesn’t even eat eggs so that the person can have a body like this? Also, suggest some workout hours in the gym, if you please.
Which workout should we do in the gym for height?
I am 29 yrs old, have belly fat. Now I want to loose this belly fat along with growing muscle & proper shape of body. Is it possible at this age?
I workout 4 times/week (weights and HIIT). Last week I didn't work out and ate freely. Why did I get thinner/more toned (closer to my goal)?
How can I do 20 push-ups in 4 days? I currently do about 15.
How do I know if I am gaining muscle?
What (full body) exercises can I do to come back stronger in general from a foot injury rehab process (Achilles tear)?
Which exercise reduce tremor?
What is the best exercise for creating "back space" while singing?
How did Franco Columbu get such a wide chest when he was so short?
How can you get a 6 pack real quick?
If you run 3 miles one day and then another 3 miles the next, would you burn the same number of calories as if you ran 6 miles in one day?
Is mixing weight lifting and high intensity cardio while taking supplements sort of like hustling backwards?
Why do you feel like you can't breathe every time you exercise?
How can I do yoga and lift weights in a single day's routine to make my body flexible and to make it look good?
Could I lose fat with cycling (while growing up)?
Is there an outdoor workout area with a pullup/chinup bar in Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China?
Which is better for building strength and muscle, heavy weight for low reps or medium weight for high reps?
What are the best exercises to have a balanced shoulder complex?
How long does it takes to get rid of gynecomastia by exercising?
Does your body initially reject exercise when you begin a serious regime?
What are some good shoulder workouts?
Should I go to the gym at the age of 16 even if I play cricket too?
Is it possible to gain 45 kg going to the gym?
How do I get off a plateau at the gym, because I'm not seeing any more gains?
How can I get the most out of our home gym?
Would doing 100 push-ups every day work just as well as doing a routine of exercises at a gym? Would you get just as strong and muscular?
Why do so many people get hurt when they practice Ashtanga Yoga?
How do I gain stamina?
Can someone make me a really hard core workout?
What is the best (fastest and easiest) way to obtain a strong, masculine body shape?
Is it possible for a 40+ age fit man to 'start over' and build muscle and tone up?
Can you find and post pictures of people doing yoga with effective posture and those who need an adjustment?
What does Akram Khan’s current workout and diet look like?
What are good stretches to do every day to train towards the splits (center, left and right)?
How do I lose belly fat without exercise? I'm too lazy.
What is an effective gym workout for an athletes who is trying to gain muscle mass and keep his body fat percentage low?
What is the best series of physical exercises for strengthening at home when you have little time each day?
What are some of the best exercises for a ligament tear on the left knee?
What is the best way to workout at home without using weights or going to the gym?
What are the benefits of performing aerial yoga at home?
Is weight lifting good to lose weight?
How can I develop muscles without going to the gym or using any weights?
Is there any advantage doing seated upper body exercises versus standing? Don't you use more muscles while standing, making it more of a compound exercise?
How do I eat a healthy diet and lose weight?
What are the preferred timings to do yoga?
What are benefits of having a good body?
What is a good, short morning stretching routine that stretches most muscles?
How can I lose fat and get as skinny and fit as a 15-year-old?
What is the physiological reason as to why each post-knee-surgery exercise hurts initially for 2-3 days, then stops, until the difficulty is increased?
Can I do running along with my gym? I am doing gym in mornings and running at evening and I am a vegetarian.
What if I train every part of my body including calves except my abs?
After working out, neither my biceps nor my chest muscles are sore, even though I use them when working out. Why?
Is it better to get a massage before or after a workout?
Which is the best exercise​?
How can I build my stamina for a long hike?
Is gym good for women?
What is elliptical good for?
How do I lose fat around my arms without making it look bulky?
What are great exercises for building muscle while losing body fat without using weights?
Does strength training burn the same amount of calories as cardio to lose weight?
What are some examples of historic/ancient yoga exercises?
What are chin-ups good for?
How many KM does one have to run to lose weight?
Are there any good workout program that includes strength\fat loss workouts and cardio to help get me in shape for the military?
How many pullups should I be able to do? Do these exercises help?
What is the best workout to target all muscle groups twice a week?
Can I build body muscles without going to the gym? If so, what should be my diet, and what training should I do?
How do I see DBT/JRF result?
What exercise does the killer perform in the movie Faster?
If you could only do two chest exercises, which two would you do?
What does it feel like to overwork your muscles?
Is it wise for a 42-year-old to lift weights every other day, skipping one day to rest and doing a leg day twice a week?
What workout top for guys was in during 1996?
What is the future of yoga?
How far can a person go with body weight exercises?
Which exercise can I do when I am following a diet?
What modality of fitness training makes you the leanest? (Assuming you have a clean nutrition plan).
What's the difference between being fit and going to the gym?
Can I see a notably ripped physique if I box 5 times a week up to 4months? Currently I'm 72kg with 21% body fat.
How much do seniors workout on average?
Do push-ups help in increasing our body strength to be able to lift heavier weights?
Is exercise good for hypothyroidism?
How do I get wider hips without making my thighs and calves grow fat/muscular? If I stopped doing the excercizes, would my legs get back to normal?
How does exercise help addiction?
Is 153 sit-ups a good record for a 13-year-old?
After five months of lifting, I'm defined but without mass. I've stopped running and I try to eat more. What's the best way for me to gain mass?
Is it better to do 100 push-ups in a row or 25 four times throughout the day?
What will happen if one does a lot of cardio and no weight training?
As a 14-year-old female starting to go out on 20-minute runs and basic fitness exercises semi-daily, what changes should I be expecting or noticing?
Does being tired after nine hours of sleep, following 30 minutes of exercise, indicate that one is unfit?
How can I lose fat and build lean muscle without counting macros?
Is it safe to take fat burner while workout?
Is it possible to break someone’s hand with a handshake?
Will I lose my gains if I train only one muscle group per week?
I will be going to France (Strasbourg for 12 days and 3 days in Paris) this next weekend. Is 800 euros enough for my 2-week stay? I've already paid for my hotels.
What exercises can I do to strengthen my anus?
Does exercise alter the chemicals in the brain?
Are squats good for knees?
What are some good funk guitar exercises?
What are the disadvantages of push-ups and pull-ups?
What are some home remedies to stay fit?
How can I go from not being physically active at all to being able to do specific exercises?
Does pure physical labor build muscle better than weight lifting?
What are the best exercices for a setter?
How can a skinny 16 year old guy start getting in shape with just a pair of dumbbells, a pull up bar, and a treadmill?
What is the relationship between reps, strength and mass?
How often do you get a runner’s high?
How do I build muscle in 6 months?
How can I tone my arm muscles? How can I increase my muscle mass in my arms?
Can I lose belly fat, butt and thighs fat with diet only and no special exercise?
Will full body workouts everyday weaken or strengthen muscle?
Can I walk and go to the gym everyday?
What workout routine can I do 3/4 times a week with just an adjustable weight dumbell (up to 105 on each) and a pull up bar?
Does heavy lifting increase punching power?
How do I get lean at 5"1' and 22 years old?
Do core exercises like squats or the farmer's walk help people lose weight/exhaust excess calories, or are there entirely different sets of exercises for that?
How do swimmers get such ripped bodies?
When is the best time to exercise, morning or night?
How often should I do very heavy deadlifts for strength?
Is it possible for me to run a sub 20 minute 5k?
Will having sex 4 to 5 times a week stop me from gaining muscle mass even though I train right?
What type of yoga is core power yoga?
What can I eat before gym in the morning?
How can I decrease my weight from 65 to 55 kg without boring physical exercise?
How do I get/convince a very overweight friend of mine to go on a diet or to workout?
How does Prozac affect exercise performance?
Is it necessary to have a perfect, flat stomach? Is there any necessity for a little fat over the stomach for men?
Is it true that when you do squats you will have a big booty?
What should I focus on in calisthenics being 6′7″?
Will squatting alone get you huge legs?
While doing dumbbell curls, should my arm be straight or bent? Should I engage my triceps while finishing a rep or keep my arm bent to keep the strain on it?
Why can't I lift my legs during planche?
What is the time duration between Parayam and yoga?
What are the most effective leg workouts I can do at home to burn fat and tone my legs?
How can I stay fit and healthy at home without going gym?
How many hours should I practice programming to avoid burning out?
Will going beltless for heavy deadlifts (1-3 reps) work my abs more?
How much should I workout each day as ateen?
What is a good time to do workouts?
After a tibia open fracture, some part of my leg became numb due to a nerve injury. When will I gain sense back?
Is it possible to increase one’s chest from 70 to 81 in 4 to 5 months? How much does one need to workout?
Who experiences an issue when working on math or chemistry problems where each question takes an incredibly long time to work out?
When doing standard push-ups, does it matter if your elbows flare out when you go down?
Would one have any advantage by attaching (20-50kg) weights to the body, arms and legs and living with them 24/7, and releasing them just before sports matches?
How long after initiating a more strenuous exercise program might I enjoy increased energy levels w/o a need for additional sleep?
I get chills after running. Should I be worried?
Can I do light/moderate cardio while bulking?
What is the difference between pick and lift?
What would be a training program for the whole body if I will hit the gym 3-4 times a week? I want to look like David Goggins.
What should Men wear during workout in GYM?
What are examples of cardio intense activities?
Why are there fake colors, dyes, and fillers in my pre-workout "health" supplement?
What are some good exercises to get rid of thick hips?
Do my body muscles decrease if I don’t go to the gym for days?
What are the best exercise machines in Planet Fitness?
How do I use honey on workout?
How do I burn body fat fast in a gym?
Can I build my body like an athlete with just body weight?
What are the best exercises to build a thick lower back?
Is jumping on a trampoline good exercise?
What is a good gym to work out at (preferably with a pool) in Norrkoping, Sweden?
Where can I get plain longline gym vests online?
How can you exercise in your bedroom?
What are the risks of performing aerial yoga at home?
I am 14 years old and I have asthma, so it's hard to exercise without pushing myself too hard. How can I lose weight without hurting myself?
How do I strengthen and increase my wrists (not the forearms)?
Does doing high intensity sprints reduce the muscles?
What are some examples of aerobic and anaerobic exercises?
How many of you have lost weight by doing yoga?
Which freehand exercise should I do to gain muscle in the lower body i.e, thighs, calfs and butt?
What could help people maintain their muscle strength during a weeks long hospitalization?
Can I start yoga without the guidance of a master?
Can I do yoga if I’m overweight? Where do I find tips for doing yoga?
I'm a vegetarian who started going to gym. How do I increase my body mass and what should my diet be?
How many calories does a female Olympic gymnast burn in a day?
How does yoga help you to lose weight despite not using weights, much movement, or tiring physical activity?
I have a skinny fat body. Can I develop muscles at the age of 34?
Why do we feel fatigued before going for a workout?
What are some of the best jaw relaxing exercises?
Is there a gym in NIT Silchar, with weights to lift for bodybuilding?
What are some good exercise for teen boys for whole body?
What exercise one should do to lose 40 kgs of weight?
What would happen if I missed a whole week of workout?
Can you build a great body by working out at home?
How hard is it (considering the effect of earth’s gravity) to do weight lifting in an elevator moving upwards?
Which place is best for a morning workout, indoors or outdoors, in Laxmi Nagar?
How would you design a fat burning fitness program for someone new to exercise?
How soon can you exercise after pericarditis?
If one can do 50 push-ups in one go, what does it tell us about his/her physical state?
How do I lose weight without dieting or cutting out my favorite foods, or exercising?
How can I build my pecs and abs from home in two days?
Can I build muscle in one month?
How can I build my chest if I'm skinny?
What happens to your body when you jog and go to the gym on a daily basis?
If you can lift yourself up, can you lift your own weight?
What exercises can I do to improve my reflexes?
How do exercise bikes help people lose weight?
What happens when a slightly obese man decrease his daily food intake by about ⅓rd and does regular weight exercise?
Why don't more people take ice baths after exercising?
Why can’t I lose weight even after brisk walking?
How do you acquire motivation/discipline in college, exercising, and work?
Is training with a bin bag or sauna suit a good idea to control water weight when training for a fight?
How do we even walk?
How can I distract myself from gym workouts to office work?
Why do we feel headache after working out in summers?
Are a fast walk and a brisk walk the same thing?
I am seventeen years old fat girl, should I join the gym?
How do I lose 40 kgs in 6 months without going to a gym, by doing exercise at home and running?
How many days does it take to lose 40kg of my body weight by going to the gym regularly? What food diet should be followed? How do you tackle the body pain?
In a strength-focused weight training program, what is the best way to incorporate cardio work into your weekly routine?
How many miles did you walk this week and why?
Is it really important to wear a hat in the sun while running?
Is there any gym near CET, Bhubaneswar?
How do I build a strong mindset?
How long should you fast if you're trying to lose the most weight possible in the shortest amount of time?
How do I build leg muscles with light weight barbell squat?
Can I train in boxing or a street workout after my rotator cuff surgery? I will have to repair my other shoulder too, after recovering from this one. I am 21.
Is it possible to go to a gym fully decked in knight armor?
How do I maintain my muscle mass and strength with just calisthenics if I am unable to go to a gym for 2 weeks?
Will planking at random times help me get slightly leaner if I did it everyday?
Will there be any side effects if I sleep just after my morning exercise in the summer?
Can I build an aesthetic body without using weights and any equipment?
In what ways are the effects of caffeine and exercise similar and different?
Is lifting weights enough to build my abs?
What are the best and easiest dishes for an obese person looking to begin losing 20kg of fat? I’m looking to lose weight before exercising.
What is a cycle of meditation, yoga and exercises?
How did you gain your muscle mass? What did you eat and how did you train?
Will short bursts of jump roping and sprinting increase my leg strength and endurance for MMA?
Has anyone tried doing yoga/stretching after getting high on cannabis? I've been experimenting with this for a few months and I find it is highly effective.
Am I suppose to have my shoulders/arms completely relaxed when I walk or lift them slightly higher?
How do I start the process of being healthier and exercising?
What yoga posture helps with a hiatal hernia?
How can I get people in the door to my new gym?
I’m only 13. Is it possible to run 800 meters in 2 minutes and 30 seconds?
For people who work in the night shift, how do they exercise to build the body (e.g. to have have six-pack abs)?
How do I prevent steps being counted by my pedometer while I am driving?
Can you give me a list of military exercises and how many of each to do?
How can a girl reduce the weight of her thighs?
How can we use the Accenture gym in the morning or evening during working hours? Will our boss allow us to go?
Why do I get chills after running?
What exercises can I do at home to build muscle?
How effective is the legs, bums and tums workout?
What should be my workout plan if I am skinny and just want to look good in shirts & T-shirts? I can’t lift heavy and I have limited time & protein.
Is it feasible to cycle cutting and bulking much more frequently?
How do I gain back my stamina after not running for a while?
What are some arm workouts you can do without equipment?
What is the use of doing 100 ab crunches everyday?
Is going to a gym the best way to get in shape? Or can you get in shape by just using your own body and minimal equipment?
How do I maintain my fitness and a healthy body?
Do you think I can get a full time front desk job at Planet Fitness if I'm not necessarily fit?
What is the simplest exercise/workout that is effective?
Are people generally attracted to people who are similar to themselves? If I want to date someone who’s physically fit, should I become fit, myself?
Why is GoodLife Fitness so popular?
How much time should I do skipping to reduce tummy fat?
Under what situation should the weight of the lift be considered when a person is inside the lift?
How can I organise my notebook and the exercise solving on tests?
Is it good to take glucose D during pre-workout?
How do I use straps while doing a front barbell squat?
Can you suggest some motivational workout songs?
Can you suggest a 30 day challenge to lose weight and organize life?
Which one is better for health, swimming or running? And how?
What should I eat before an insane workout?
What are the most essential exercises a non-baseball player should focus on in order to start playing?
How soon is it safe for you to exercise after an asthma attack?
Which one should I do first, between gym and jogging?
How do you choose a jump rope for general exercising?
How can I get motivated to practice running and get fit as a teenager?
How do I gain lean muscle mass without fat?
Can I exercise while fasting in the month of Ramadan?
What is the best way to approach weight training for a man over 60?
I'm wimpy, thin and bad at lifting weights. I tried pretty hard, but all my workout partners ditched me. Should I just go to the gym by myself?
Why does walking always give me tightness in the lower back muscles?
What would have been the male equivalent of women's workout gear and neon during 1990 to 1991?
How much protein does the body require if you do a daily heavy workout?
Which technique is best to gain muscle size, more reps with low weights or less reps with high weights?
As a body builder working towards achieving muscle mass, is it ok to have sex 4 to 5 times a week?
What do you think about muscle (body) building and cognitive development (brain building), are these two mutually exclusive?
Will hanging on a pullup bar for 30 minutes make you insanely tall?
How can I my keep my muscles stiff?
Why can't I run at all?
What if I trek a hill every morning instead of going to the gym?
Is working your way out with exercises, not appropriate during your period bubs?
Being a JEE aspirant I have limited time. How should I keep myself fit provided that I have cervical and back pain?
Can I start bodybuilding at 40?
What are some names of aerobic, facultative anaerobic, and anaerobic fungi?
Do you lift weights primarily to get stronger? Or more muscular?
Will my dog get ripped if I make it workout?
Should women do chest weight training at the gym?
What kind of exercise do I need to follow to reduce belly fat? My height is 170 cm and I weigh 96 kg. What can I do to reduce fat?
How do fitness centers like Crunch/Planet Fitness stay fresh smelling even with groups of sweaty people?
Why do some pains (e.g., the pain in the body after an intense workout, or when you are mentally hurt, or when you rub your gums together) feel good?
I'm weightlifting 4 days a week and including 5-7 serving of fruits and veggies daily, does taking a multivitamin beside considered much?
I'm an active person that trains CrossFit about 6-7 times week. How many calories may I take in daily?
What scaled down movements do you practice to increase your pull ups?
How long does it usually takes to add another inch on muscles with weighted bodyweight exercises?
I want to build my body, but I can't be always eating. Is it worth it? Should I expect results?
Exercise makes my belly more fat instead of flat. Why?
How do I get into the habit of exercising?
How can I increase my chest​ size in only ten days?
Why does Christianity have an issue with yoga?
Are you wasting money on pre-workout?
What should I do to progress in daily Hindu squats, having reached 70 almost every other day?
What is the best way to gain muscle without losing weight?
What are the best exercises for my legs?
What is Buti Yoga and how is it different from more traditional forms of Yoga?
How healthy are runners compared to fit and healthy people who exercise but don't run?
For a beginner, is it better to use your own body weight or lift weights?
Can someone chart out a schedule for me to get back in shape and get a nice physique?
What is the best home exercise app for male?
Why do swimmers have such nice upper bodies?
Why do some yoga masters have big bellies?
If I do at least 200 squats a day for 10 days, will I see any results in my butt?
Is it bad to do extra cardio in the morning & later hit the gym in the evening that includes weights & cardio?
Is it good to eat a boiled egg before my workout?
Is there any specific exercise to reduce cholesterol?
How can I build my body to be like Arnold’s?
Is swimming a good exercise to cure knock knees?
Assuming willpower and pain are non-factors, what is the most efficient way to acquire physical fitness overall?
If you could only have one fitness/exercise machine, would it be a rowing machine, cycling machine, or something else?
What muscles do side lunges work out, and why?
I get nosebleeds 1-3 times per week. Should I see a doctor and what should I take to help it?
Are drugs more effective when you're physically fit?
Is there any actual advantage or disadvantage of having eight pack abs or four pack abs rather than six?
What exercises should one do on the first day of gym?
Can I grow lean muscle mass at home?
What are the best things to eat when one is gymming?
How can I get a noticeable amount of more flexibility in one week?
I had lost weight on my upper body and thighs except my belly! What kind of exercise should I focus on now?
Will doing 30 wide shoulder push-ups daily have a good result?
How do women become muscular by working out without testosterone?
What is the most efficient way to get a nice chest at home other than push-ups?
What is the best abs workout for visible abs when you have 12% and below of fat?
What are some tips for beginner joggers?
What is a simple yet rewarding and effective exercise routine that I can do in the morning?
How important is nutrition when lifting heavy weights?
Is doing a one-hour continuous workout better or is it better to do a 20-minute workout 3-times a day?
Should I workout if my upper ankle hurts?
How can astronauts run on the treadmill if there is no gravity?
Will doing 40 jumping jacks, 30 crunches, 20 squats, and 10 pushups actually burn 100 calories?
What is the best and easiest way to get in shape?
What's a good diet and exercise to have to get ready for basic training?
How do I gain face fat if I go to the gym on a regular basis?
As a gym owner, what is the best step to take after finding out a client has been diagnosed as anorexic?
Are my running times good?
Why is it very bad if your body lays down all day? Why is it important to bend or stretch?
Why can't I increase my strength even though I go to the gym regularly?
I run every day. I weigh 105 lbs. How much will I lose?
Can I do gym twice a day?
Does running significantly increase intelligence?
Who is the best female fitness model in the USA?
How do you workout and eat during Ramadan?
Can reducing butt fat change the shape of men’s hips?
What should I do first, running or exercise?
Could I develop a lot strength in two years training five days a week?
Does a gym give strength?
What is the best way to go from flabby legs to toned legs?
My calves will not grow. What is some advice?
Do I need a gym membership in order to lose fat and gain muscle?
Why is my butt muscle painful despite no workout?
What are some effective exercises to help grow and define your calf muscles?
It takes Kevin 5 minutes to jog once around a circular track that has a diameter of 400 meters. About how many meters per minute is Kevin jogging?
When you take methadone for pain, can you exercise again?
How many push-ups can we do so that there will be no side effects?
In what order should one train strength and endurance?
How good is it to bench every day?
Does a 13 year old girl have to go to the gym 4 times a week to maintain weight?
Will stretching to increase hip flexibility help increase my vertical jump?
Should I perform yoga under AC?
What are some high intensity interval training exercises for someone with an injured ankle?
What should my breathing be like during weightlifting?
Will running every morning and push ups every night get me in shape in 3 months?
How do people know how many calories they burn a day?
Is it bad to have different workouts ever other day?
How do you calculate the equivalent weights you are pushing when you are cycling?
How do I reduce body fat and gain muscle? What are some foods and workouts to accomplish this?
Will doing squats develop calves?
Which hand grippers should I buy?
What's a good exercise to reduce belly fat and obtain a toned stomach, besides the obvious crunches?
How do I decrease weight without doing any exercises?
Where can I buy a stepper for calf raises?
If you had a virtual platform at your fingertips to give you guidance on nutrition/training/yoga/Pilates/etc., would you use it?
Will running help tone my abs?
How do you learn how to master an aerial hoop?
If you had to sprint or run distance, which would you do?
If the unathletic male with a big belly loses weight due to stretching and exercises, will he be able to learn & practice parkour and martial arts?
Is working out twice a day for 2 weeks equivalent to working out once for a whole month for fat loss?
How good are spin classes for you?
Is it okay to drink one litre of milk? I am 18 years old, and workout twice a day.
What are some good workout videos for a man in his 50's to lose weight?
What is the simplest, most effective bodyweight workout routine that I can do daily to get a Greek god figure?
What are the best-kept secrets about exercise, fitness, body building, and working out?
With a torn meniscus, what body weight exercises can I do? I have been using kettlebells, but I don't want to cause any more damage.
Which algorithm is used by applications to count calories burned? How do treadmills and other gym machines count calories burned?
Should I consume Glucon-D after cardio, if I am trying to get rid of fat?
What are negatives for chin-ups?
Would a recumbent bike result in big calf muscles?
What should I study at the university? I am into yoga and Pilates.
Is it OK to have sex after a workout?
What do handstands exercise?
What exercises would you recommend to get in shape for surfing?
How are some Indian wrestlers and Pahalwans in akhadas able to maintain muscular arms and shoulders while still having some visible belly fat?
What can an overweight, out-of-shape, 30-year-old do to get and stay in better shape?
How can I reduce my waist by skipping?
How do I live healthy, younger and safe without doing any exercise?
How do I start a home gym and earn money?
Does the Fat Cutter, suggested by Vivek Mittal on his YouTube channel Fit Tuber, work if I am not doing any physical exercise?
How do I keep myself motivated to exercise and stick to a diet?
What are the benefits of a treadmill compared to those of a StairMaster?
Why do spinners don't take a run up?
Is it possible to improve eye sight (myopia) by following any diet or any exercise. If yes, then how?
How do I get rid of a receding chin?
Should I still workout my chest if it is sore?
How do I exercise?
Which exercise is preferable for a 17-year-old beginner?
When you lose several pounds of fat by way of exercising, where do all those extra pounds go?
What is the best fitness method to get stronger over a span of 2 months?
Have you ever felt more tired than usual during a resting time while not working out?
I'm female and 50 yrs. I have bat wings at both hands. What exercise do I do?
Can I lose weight if I can't leave tea, oil and snacks? If so, how?
How do you know when an exercise pain is the kind that strengthens vs. the pain that leads to injury?
Is it okay to train twice per body part per week?
Is lifting heaving weights at the age of 16 harmful? If yes, what studies prove this?
Can I drink a lot of water just after a gym workout?
Will lifting heavy weights or less weight help for chest-building?
Why are my legs constantly aching until my next sleep even after a little bit of running?
Why is walking considered a good exercise?
At what height from the ground should I place the pull up bar?
How do I calculate macros and calories?
How do I avoid being left out of gym basketball?
Where can I find a great step aerobics class in the East Bay (Oakland, Ca)?
Is it good to run and do workouts if you have kidney stones?
Once you've run an ultramarathon, does running shorter distances (5-10 miles) feel easy?
Is there a tendency for women to let themselves go after 20 (stop exercising and eating proportionally)?
I'm an out of shape 20 year old male with mild asthma and am a bit fat in the stomach - would I be accepted into basic physical training?
Can anyone challenge me in any kind of workout?
Can a girl start playing physical sport, like wrestling or weightlifting, at the age of 25, with the aim of winning medals?
Is nude yoga good for teens?
Can people with a simple kidney cyst work out at the gym and lift weights?
Should I jog and do workout (at the same time in the evening) or should I start with jogging in the morning and do workout or exercise in evening?
What are the ways to promote group fitness classes?
How do I stop being a guy trying to fit in and become a good kid, get good grades, and get fit?
How can I get fit, healthy, strong and skinny as a teenager?
What are some healthy food habits and exercises for full time working professionals to lose weight?
What can pilates do for your body?
Do pelvic muscles exercises really work for men?
What is fitness? Can a person be called fit by looking at his physique or is it the probability of him experiencing fatigue at the time of action?
What kind of stretches are preferable in the morning, static or dynamic?
What are general mistakes while doing squats?
Is a single mile in 8 minutes for a 5'7" 44-year-old male with a 28 BMI and a stocky build a good time?
Will lifting anything up make my arms get bigger?
What happens if you work out frequently?
Which are the best exercises for overall growth of the body of a 15-year-old boy?
Can you take an Ultracet tablet for body pains due to a heavy workout?
Does doing pushups and crunches affect height growth?
What is the minimum number of days a beginner (slightly unfit) must work out to gain little biceps?
Which exercise is good for growing taller by 1 inch within 35 days? I am 17 years old.
What do you think of my fitness routine?
Are there any body weight excercises for biceps and triceps?
Should I workout by doing calisthenics/bodyweight training or by running as a teenager?
Should I continue training my chest?
What is a daily workout that can lead to getting a 6-pack before June?
What is better: a push/pull split or a body part split?
How do I lose arm fat without bulking up?
What are some good Chinese eye exercises?
Which is better: diamond push ups or shoulder push ups?
What is a body weight workout plan for 45 days that would leave me with a 6 pack?
What’s a good routine for a full workout at home?
What's your favorite fitness or fitness-related cliché?
Realistically, how much weight in muscle can I put on in a month?
I had a massive heart attack. How can I lose weight? I don't know about lifting weights. Is this safe as I do have a defibrillator/pace maker.
If I eat like a pig and lift heavy weights, will I gain muscle faster than if I babied my nutrition and didn't get enough excess calories?
What is the difference between a morning walk and going to the gym? Which one should be preferred, and why?
I had a leg workout two days ago and it still hurts to lock my knees and flex my quads. Is this bad?
What are some absorbing hobbies I can do at home? I have struggled my whole life with being bored at home. I read, exercise, and play backgammon.
Is group pilates class safe and effective in the gym?
What are the benefits of jumping rope for losing weight?
What sort of workout can I do for basketball with a limited amount of time?
Is doing thirty 1-minute sessions of exercise per day as beneficial as doing one 30-minute session per day?
How long should I stay in gym?
What is the best form of functional exercise?
What happens when we drink after a gym work out? Is it good or bad for us?
Will you see results faster if you lift weights everyday or every other day?
Which is best, walking, jogging, swimming, cycling, skipping, running, going to the gym or doing yoga?
How do I get a ripped body without going to the gym?
Which is the best fitness band under 1500?
How can I exercise my Great Dane without having to take her for a walk?
If I smoke before exercising, will I increase endurance?
What is the best thing to eat right after working out?
How can I increase my strength?
What is the function of the muscles in one’s arm and legs?
How do you motivate yourself to exercise when you're already happy with the way you look?
Why does your body fat % go up with heavy weight training?
Which are the best books related to physical strength and body building?
How many times in a week should I train my chest in order for it to get bigger?
Does Eckerd have a nice gym or exercise facility?
Which one is better for losing weight without any adverse effects on the body, 1 hour of swimming or 1 hour at the gym?
How can I lose 10 pounds in 3 weeks without exercising?
How do I do cardio exercise at home without equipment and increase stamina?
How can anyone overcome plateau in muscle development and strength?
Once my abs become visible and muscular, will it be hard to maintain them that way?
Can we train forearms with arms?
Does walking help build running stamina?
Can I successfully recomp my body with solely yoga?
Can I do wholesaling in New Jersey without a real estate agent license?
How often do you Squat and Deadlift?
The only thing I’m good at is lifting weights. How can I get paid doing what I’m only good at?
Is there a good body weight exercise which complements push ups (i.e. Develops different muscle groups like biceps)?
What is the best exercise to lose weight, jogging or brisk walking?
Will playing badminton for 20 minutes everyday help reduce weight?
How do I grip the bar on a back squat?
How can I increase the strength of my triceps?
Can I join a gym for increasing my height?
Is it a good idea to do pushups in the standing position?
What's the best app for running? I'm doing interval training on hills and runs on greenbelts between mapped streets, and this confuses Strava.
I’m starting my workout and wonder how many days/weeks it will be until I can see muscle growth?
What are the best exercise machines to workout for the forearm?
Which would be better for getting sixpack, full body circuit or abs exercises with cardio?
Is it possible for a skinny woman to gain some muscles within a month?
Is it true that Dwayne Johnson works out at 4am?
How do I get veiny abs?
How are jumping jacks good for you?
What is the best way of acquiring a good body physique if you are thin?
Will there be any changes if I don’t go to the gym for 20 days?
Can we take ProteinX without doing a workout?
If you do 20 push ups every day for 3 months, how much fat would you lose in your chest area?
How can I decrease my body weight and fat and make muscle while doing workout at the gym? (Currently I am overweight and I am a pure vegetarian.)
How can I work out to exercise my weak wrists and forearms to make them very strong ones?
How can we install weight sensors in a robatic arm?
What's Brett Lee's workout?
I slammed my deltoid muscle on a door. Can I lift weights with a bruised deltoid muscle? It doesn't hurt when I lift.
What is the purpose of aerobic exercises?
Does badminton count as a mild strength training exercise?
What are your motivational methods for exercising?
Is it necessary to take protein powder when doing a gym workout?
Is lifting weights enough to burn fat?
Running on tread mill is not good for knees but why sports persons get train on tread mill?
How do I lose belly fat without going to the gym? It would be great if workout schedules along with diet plans could be shared.
Will I be stronger than an average person after losing weight if I do body weight exercises while I am fat?
Are there any exercises that help compensate for torn ACLs?
How is doing pushups on mountains in low oxygen different from doing them near sea level?
How can I lose fat as quick as possible?
Are there any good gym exercises to improve sitting posture?
Does exercising push ups and muscle building exercises but not weight lifting will stunt my height growth?
What are the dos and don’ts for somebody who wants to start running to stay fit?
How can I improve my cardio for boxing?
What should I do if my recruiter gave me false information to push me to sign up for the army?
What do people do to get flat abs?
After six months of delivery via a c-section, can I join a gym?
How can I build a six-pack without going to gym?
Is it a good idea for a short thin guy to work out?
What can Pilates do for you and your body?
What do I eat to build my abs? I already lift weights.
Are fit Nordic skiers (cross country) more fit than fit professional high altitude mountaineers?
Is there any 4 day (or less) work out plans for irregular (shifts fall on different days every week) work schedules?
If someone gave you $20 to dance for 30 minutes, would you do it?
When should we drink a banana milkshake: after exercise or before exercise?
What are the workouts to lose weight on a rowing machine?
What time of day is the best time to do a workout, i.e., weight training, or does it not make any difference?
Is it possible to increase “body width” for a 16-year-old?
Should you look out on the Leg press?
What is the best app to find people to go workout with?
What gym exercises should a fast bowler do? Should it be light weight heavy reps or heavy weight light reps?
What ab exercises are bad for your back?
If I go to the gym for 2 hours for 3 days a week for 3 months, can I become reasonably thin by late ausgust starting tomorrow?
Can you do fat burning and muscle building simultaneously?
What muscles do jump squats work?
Do I need to lift heavy weights in order to get a body like these?
What would happen if I had a cup of black coffee (without sugar) before running or jogging?
The more I work out my biceps, the more my veins disappear. Is this normal?
How much running and physical fitness is done in the Russian conscript basic training? Is there a final test they must pass?
How long should it take to run 5 km?
Why does my running stamina fluctuate whereby I can run longer distances on some days but on other days I cannot run even half the length?
I took a spin class this morning and my knee started hurting after about 5-10 minutes. What was I doing wrong?
Why do we call Tse Mudra the exercise of three secrets?
Is going to the gym bad for your singing?
How important is strength to endurance?
What is the best way to lose 12 pounds in 2 weeks?
Which is the best intra workout drink?
Can anyone help me with a skit idea on yoga day?
If someone fell off a treadmill in front of you, would you help?
Is it possible to build a muscular body without eating 5 small meals a day, considering I am not a fitness model but a professional working 9-5?
Which yoga poses and exercises can induce high intraocular pressure in the eyes?
What's the best treatment/exercise for a dual diagnosis of costochondritis and shoulder impingement with associated upper back pain?
Where can I get 1 minute and 5 minutes candlestick charts?
Is one or two Snickers between healthy meals of meat and vegetables while working out regularly okay if I want to gain more muscle with little fat?
What should I get to get lean, whey protein or BCAA? I want to get lean and also lose 5 kg of weight.
How do I get really big muscles at home without gym equipment?
What's the best way to gain upper body mass without gaining lower body mass?
What are the best exercises to get a very lean body during Ramadan?
How do you breathe when you go jogging?
Can I lose weight with regular body building gym equipments?
Is walking 5 stories up equal to 2 km of walking?
Hi Everyone, tell me some work-out at home?
Is it dangerous to exercise on a day you haven't consumed much salt?
What are some good body-weight exercises to get infantry-style fit?
How do I gain fat and muscle in certain areas with exercise?
Should I buy a fitness band?
What daily exercises can improve my writing?
What is the best way to increase muscle recovery time after a tough workout so you can continue exercising shortly after?
Which age is right for joining a gym?
What's the best way to train for or row for 2 hours?
Why do some people have plump thighs and some don't? What is the point of having fat thighs when you’re fit?
What is the best yoga exercise for excess weight loss?
Does general exercise help RSI write injury from coding?
How can I increase muscle size and strength with bodyweight training or by lifting everyday objects (bags instead of barbells, etc)?
It has been three weeks since I started running, but still I have knee pain when I try to run. How can I cure this?
A box suspended by a rope is pulled to one side by a horizontal force. The tension on the rope increases. Why is it so?
Is it normal to lose control of your body when stretching?
About physical fitness, are you physically fit? Are there any athletic goals you want to achieve? What are your personal goals to stay healthy?
What exercises can I do when I am suffering from a slipped disc?
Is it normal to not sweat during a workout?
After eating, how long should one wait before working out?
Does penile traction exercise and other exercises for penis enlargement work?
How should I approach women after group cardio gym sessions?
Which methods of exercise have you found to be most enjoyable and helpful?
If I worked out 5 hours ago and wanted to have a few mixed drinks (likely 3-5 shots worth) would it significantly reduce my muscle growth?
What physical fitness level is required for wireless PSI?
Is it possible to gain good eyesight from eye exercises like so many people say it is?
What do you feel when seeing Suresh Raina seemingly being out of shape with a big tummy? Shouldn't he taken care of his fitness?
How would doing 10 push ups and sit-ups a day affect my body?
What are thw exercises to cure knock knees?
What are some ways to stretch a tight latissimus dorsi?
Why do those who do cardio most of the time yet very minimal weight lifting still build muscles and a nice body?
After building muscle, can I maintain it by doing body weight exercises?
How does one prepare an allergy-friendly, fat-burning meal?
What kind of bodybuilding regime and diet must I take if I have mild reflux and acidity problems?
What's so bad about Planet Fitness?
Can we do gym in the early morning every day at AIT Pune in the first year?
What are some best music tracks for jogging?
What is the damage to your body if you sweat profusely from exercise every day?
How should I get back into being active? Should I jump right back into lifting and running or should I start with something easier?
How can you perform aerial yoga at home?
What are some good hand strengthening exercises for bar chords?
Does cardio make you lose muscle?
How do I get skinny without exercising?
How do I fit 3 strength workouts for the entire body except the legs, a 60km jog/march and 1 swim in a week?
Can we gain six-pack abs by doing bodyweight exercises?
Does working out in the gym fight depression?
What are some examples of men's workout gear in 1990-1991?
What is a good body weight workout schedule for a 7-Day period?
What is the best fitness center in the USA?
Does jumping rope create calf muscles and are they safe to use if I’m 40 ?
How many hours is best to work out a muscle part when training to achieve muscle mass?
Is it okay to do a wholebody workout everyday?
How can I push myself to go to the gym every day?
I dislocated my knee. What exercises can I do?
What does Snap Fitness cost?
What exercises can an obese person do?
How long does it take to lose a good amount of weight using the treadmill nearly every day?
How important is exercise for PhD students?
What are the best techniques to develop strong forearms?
Will cardio improve my endurance and stamina?
Does doing sit-ups on a bed make them easier to do and thus making them less effective?
Why can I do more pull-ups but less chin-ups?
What is the best fitness routine for teenagers?
Which is the best Resistance bend exercise for men?
Is it more beneficial to do a 1 minute or 2 minute farmer's walk?
At 23% body fat and 155 lbs, what is more important for me in gaining abs, cardio or ab workouts?
Can I change from gym to online gym in the middle of the school year?
Is jogging in place a good exercise?
How can I loose 7-8 kgs weight in 15 days?
Will there be a problem if I do weight training for full five days a week?
Is it possible to get a strong jawline with facial exercises?
Which is better, 300 burpees or 100 push-ups, 100 sit-ups, and 100 squats?
How many calories are burnt in 2000 counts of rope skipping?
International Yoga day 2017, how is it relevant for us?
How often can forearms be strength trained?
What are the benefits of attending fitness classes?
My G.I. Bill benefits will run out before I use it all. I did over 90 days of active duty in 2012. How do I reset the timer and extend my benefits?
What are some short and long-term exercise goals?
Is working 1.5 hours on push/pull/leg program considering too long?
How can I gain muscle in my upper body as a competitive swimmer?
I have been following some of the workouts suggested by you and lost close to 20lbs. How do I change my workout now to build a six pack?
Should I squat everyday if I want a bigger butt?
What does fitness mean to you and how do you want to achieve it?
Is a workout still effective if I rest between the exercises?
Can you use muscle stimulation in place of actual exercise?
How do I get sponsored in the fitness industry?
What is the best way to improve myself (in running)?
How does a chiropractor treat muscle imbalances without exercises?
What is the best workout method in 2 months?
How can I increase my stamina for running and the gym?
Why do four cable cars travel together in Jeita Grotto? How is the weight balanced? Will there be high tension on the rope?
If you take steroids and do not exercise, what happens?
Why do cramps develop after vigorous exercise?
What are your motivations for getting up early, even on the weekends, doing 1 task or taking exercises every day for 1 year?
Where can I find good physics exercises to practise?
What is the best way to loss fat and maintain muscle?
What is the supplement to lose weight fast?
Should you stretch before you workout in a gym?
What is the fastest way to burn 500 calories fast?
Is sleeping good after exercise?
How do I start to workout? I am 20 years old, weight is 75 kilos, height is 5'9″, and have 34″ waist, and I don't do any workouts right now.
Why has yoga practice become popular recently? Why are there different methods of yoga?
How do I make people aware about the benefits of working out?
How come the gym is always busy in May and will it ever slow down?
What are the benefits of stretching before and after workout?
What is the ultimate mental workout?
What are some diet and exercise programs that will allow a skinny woman to get curves?
What are some muscle building exercises at work place?
Why do you have numbness on your thumbs after working out?
Is it good to eat an apple and a banana after exercising or does it just add fats into my body?
How do I build muscle at 120lbs 5"7 and on a budget?
How can I build solid deltoid muscles?
What is a superset back2back when working out?
Is it mandatory to practice Bharatanatyam in traditional attire that is simply wearing a dhoti on the lower body and leaving the upper body uncovered? I practice in a traditional way.
How should one plan, including diet, to run a 1,600 meters in 6:30 minutes?
What is the best exercises for jumping higher?
Can a fat person go longer without food than a fit muscular person?
What is a good workout for me, a 16 year old boy who doesn't work out?
Should I continue ACL relaxation exercises even if I feel pain?
What is the best exercise routine for Skinny guys?
I am very overweight and would like to start some exercise. What would be some good exercises to start with?
Where do teachers get changed for gym class or sports?
What exercise should I do to lose post pregnancy weight?
What are the best exercises to find peace of mind?
How can I improve my muscles without using equipment?
How do I get a feminine body at the gym without gaining too much muscle?
How can I increase my stamina for any workout?
Can you suggest some home exercises to reduce weight?
What are the top 3 worst clientele for CrossFit boxes?
How do pros train their abs in the beginning of their career? Which exercises do they perform and how many days per week?
Is it ok to flirt with the gym receptionist?
How do I remain fit and active, except by going to the gym?
Is it bad to have a competitive mindset when I work out?
What's your favorite pre workout?
Which is the best exercise​ to increase​ speed?
What are the biggest motivators today’s parents have to get healthy & in shape?
After I started lifting weights my blood vessels have become more and more visible. Is this normal?
How do you perform negatives for chin-ups properly?
Why do I feel so turned on after working out on my legs?
I absolutely suck at running. I can hardly run one mile all the way through. What running program should I do to get better at running fast?
Which one burns more calories- jogging on a treadmill (at steady pace) or high interval training?
Would yoga teachers find it beneficial to have a venue broker where the teacher gets 70% of the class revenues (2 times higher earnings versus a gym/studio)?
What are the steps I have to take to get a skinny runners body?
How long do I have to train to be able to do 1000 pushups?
Why are some muscle builders so bulky yet still lack muscle definition even with very low fat ratio?
If you had a five minute break every day at work, how would you spend it?
Can I do yoga after an exercise?
How can we get V-shaped heads formed by the piezometers, rather than a parabolic shape, during the experiment of verification of Bernoulli’s principle?
What are other types of workouts, apart from isometric workouts?
Which exercise machine is good to reduce stomach size?
What workout split works best for you?
Are Mike Mentzer’s training and diet a preferable resource for the gym for a mere amateur?
What should I do when I have done my exercise in the evening after eating and now my chest is painful?
If you get to know that you just have 10 more minutes to live, how will you spend those 10 minutes?
How should I approach a gym buddy’s auntie?
How long should I stretch a muscle per day for better mobility and flexibility?
After a hysterectomy at the age of 50, when can exercise or yoga be started? How much of a time gap after surgery is required to start yoga?
Are HGH boosters worth it? I'm 17, 5′8″, and a skinny guy with a weak chin. Will it help me with any of those besides an increase in lean muscle mass?
What kind of exercises will build an 8-pack abs?
How much time should I workout in order to make my body strong enough?
What will happen if I run for 15 minutes daily before lifting weight?
What is the best workout to lose my belly fat and water retention? I already eat real food and fewer calories, and I do cardio and strength training.
What is a good kettle bell exercise to increase my chest size?
What happens to our bodies when we don't exercise for a long time? How can we overcome that?
Should I do calisthenics or practice running to lose, get fit and skinny as a teenager?
Does jumping rope make jumping faster? What is the idea of jumping rope?
Is there any difference in the energy required or calories burnt while walking on a treadmill versus walking outdoors on firm ground?
What has research shown about whether or not people can lose fat while building muscle?
What are some training ideas I can do to condition my body for traditional karate or any training at all?
How can you build excellent mental and physical endurance quickly?
What are the benefits of training on sand for a runner?
Are pushups a good pre-workout before weight lifting?
What is the right exercise for a student for their brain, aerobics or bodybuilding? I can only give 30 minutes for a workout. Is it possible to gain mass?
Is it possible to get fit in one year's time?
Out of a heavy body and a lightweight body, which body falls down first?
How often should you workout for it to be good for your health?
What are the type of people who prefer indoor cycling as a form of exercise?
What should the diet plan be for a thin boy who just started at the gym?
I can bench 140kg (315lbs) weigh 96kg, deadlift 240kg & in the morning I can see slightly the top two abs, why do I not have a chest?
Which are the best 1, 2 or 3kg dumbbells for arm exercises for women?
What is it like to be in a workout video?
Is it possible to rent an empty small room for an hour?
Does a vacuum in space get stronger and stronger?
What is the good number of push-ups in daily life?
I have had an ACL replacement. What leg exercises should I do, and which ones should I avoid?
Which diet should I take to stay fit and increase stamina?
How can I get shredded at home in two days?
Is there any difference in one’s heartbeat between when one’s exercising and when one’s fearful?
What is the best way to stay healthy exercising while on a diet?
What is the best way to increase waist?
How will you feel after Juventus legend Buffon lifts the UCL 2017?
Can you give me advice on getting back into shape (motivation-wise, amount of exercise, etc.)?
Every time I squat or kneel down my knees begin to hurt, and it is very difficult for me to get up. Why?
When would I see results from jogging twice a day and controlling my diet?
Would it be possible to get hired as a fitness trainer without a two-year diploma?
Should I workout everyday before school?
What is a physical workout routine that a 14 year old NDA aspirant should follow?
How do you get bigger ankles with exercise?
What is the best exercise for a 15-year-old guy like me?
How often should I do ab workouts and for how long? I'm 42 years old.
Can a 15 year old boy start lifting heavy things in the gym, or should he do some pushups?
How does Greg Norman stay so fit?
What exercises are the best if one has to lose abdominal muscles and a bulky belly after pregnancy?
What's the most guaranteed way to lose fat without using the gym?
How can I strengthen ciliary muscle of the eye and delay its fatigue?
What are some good tips for a beginner who wants practice yoga?
How I can prepare for running?
What are some improv exercises for large groups?
How can I produce flexibility?
What should be one's workout intensity to maintain shape once they've reached their health goal?
What’s up everybody?
What should I be doing to get abs if they are not in my genetics? I need an actual plan set up.
When is a good grade to start weight lifting?
What can I do to gain weight on my bottom and lose weight off my belly without exercise?
Do squats help you develop abs?
How has yoga changed your life?
How do I become lean and fit when I’m out of shape?
Why don't I feel my pull-ups in my arms and back, but I feel them in my core the next day? (I'm training to failure for three sets.)
Can a beginner build up their muscles at home? Will it be effective?
Why is there only one set of deadlifts on starting strength?
Why should I run?
What kinds of nutrients does a muscle need to repair after a workout and to get bigger?
What is the best workout routine to follow for a college student looking to pack on muscle?
What are the best lifting exercises for working out the inner thigh?
Where would I get a personal coach for weight lifting in Chennai?
What is a good plan for senior fitness?
What are the benefits of assisting an advanced yoga class?
Doing weekend exercises is bad. If you don't build up protection against oxidative stress through regular exercise, you're likely to do your body harm. Is this true?
What are the 7 principles of resistance training?
Is it okay to drink 1 scoop of Protein Powder weight gainer after a home workout?
What do I have to do to get abs?
As a beginner (at home), if I don't increase the weight of a dumbell but keep adding reps and sets, will I still build good strength and muscle?
Being that high AST and ALT levels are the result of dying muscle tissue, could a recent, extremely high impact exercise routine be the cause of the elevation?
What is the best time to work out during Ramadan for rapid fat loss?
How do I train to be really good at cross country running?
Why do people stop going to the gym?
For how long should I do my leg workouts on leg day? I'm 42 years old.
How much should I run at first?
Should I go to the gym today? It's rainy and cold, and I haven’t been there in a couple of weeks. I’m thinking of ordering pizza?
May I save my muscular mass by three swimming workouts and only one weight lifting workout per week?
Is working out 4 days a week enough?
What are the best exercises for meralgia paraesthetica?
I have a bad physique but I want to stay fit and not getting motivated towards it. What should I do?
Should reservations be lifted?
Is it possible to perform sEMG decomposition on the forearm using Backyard Brains' Muscle SpikerShield? If so, up to how many different motor units?
Does Gold’s Gym provide food to their members?
Which parts of your body do squats benefit? How many sets of body-weight squats should I do if I want to increase my leg muscles?
How much, and what kind, of exercises are well suited to reduce belly fat for someone in their 30s?
What is the best way to get a muscular body like a male model?
What is one tip you have for me to make my deadlift get stronger?
Why is no contact so difficult? I just white-knuckled it for 30 days. What now, white-knuckle it for another 30 days?
Will I still gain good weight and muscle if I'm in a calorie surplus, eat sweets and cakes but workout and exercise in the same day?
Is it true that the airways alternately constrict, as is said in yoga?
Is it advisable to do 100 pushups in a row or can I do the same using 4 sets of 25 reps each?
If you do more ab workouts, will your sperm count be reduced?
How do I build a bubble butt?
My upper chest is not flat. It kind of bulges out. How do I correct it?
How long will I have to wait to work out with heavy weights after an abdominal surgery?
How much time do I need to build great fitness for football despite the little time I have in the day and what are the best exercises?
What is better freehand exercises or weights?
Will weight training get rid of my hourglass figure?
I have lost my body symmetry due to wrong exercise, What should I do?
Is there any exercise to gain weight?
How do I lose belly fat without exercise or diet change?
Why do we swing our arms while walking?
Is it good or bad to exercise in the summer?
What is the link between, if any, cigarettes, insulin levels, and fat burn/deposition?
Do I have gynecomastia or is it just chest fat? I'm 18 years old, 6′1″, and 81kg.
What should be the exercise routine for a thin, musical Indian 16-year-old guy with a tummy to have a healthy body in one month?
What is the need to warm up before exercise from an evolutionary perspective?
What is the best workout routine for a beginner focused on fitness?
Which is better- swimming or gym?
At what body weight can I safely run without risking injuring my knees?
Is Musli helpful for gym freaks?
Which it the best fitness center?
Why is riding a stationary bike considered a good exercise?
What is the best exercise to slim down thighs and glutes?
Is it advisable to do 100 pushups immediately followed by bench press (20-25 reps with light weight)?
Do colleges charge any money for gym facilities?
How are athletes muscles so defined?
How can I build a stronger chest?
How can a percussionist train their arms and upper-body strength?
Do you absolutely hate going to the gym?
What should I eat before running, to get energy?
How many push ups can you do at a time?
Should I do more reps with less weight or less reps with more weigh to get bigger muscle?
How can I get fit and skinny as a high schooler?
I can do a pistol squat with my left leg but not with my right. Is this because I'm a right handed fencer?
Does a women's only gym have to allow a transgender female to male person to work out in the gym?
What are the best polymetric exercise to help you to run faster?
Could you actually get stronger by lifting a calf every day until it becomes a bull?
Are we fit if we eat well and exercise daily?
How do I convert my excess belly fat into useful muscle?
Is it good to do weight training before bed?
Can you build muscles without cardio?
Is cycling better than running to reduce thigh fat?
How do I keep energy after intense workout?
Would I be muscular if I decreased my body fat?
What might cause tremors after exercise?
How long will it take to get my muscle back?
Should I start exercising as a college student?
What's a good sprinting workout plan?
Which is the best fitness academy in Mumbai?
Is it bad that I masturbate twice a day?
What are the best effective ways to burn belly fat for men?
Is 5-exercise 5-set 5-rep workout any good?
What is the best chest exercise for a nice, muscular chest?
Do you know anything about epigenetics and the food that Chinese people should avoid to avoid weight gain?
What exercises can I do to keep me fit, if I have lower back pain due to a bulging disc?
What should you do after running?
Is it okay to walk in the morning and go to the gym in the evening and do yoga?
Is panting after a 100-m sprint good or bad for cholesterol?
What are the best exercises for losing fat from one’s face?
What is the optimal work-out schedule for curls?
What are some good stretches to improve flexibility?
Why is it that when I try to do simple stretches, I feel like I'm pulling something in my leg?
Are all those exercises to help your back just a scam?
What are some quick stretches for my whole body to do every morning?
I want to get stronger and more muscular by doing push-ups, pull-ups, and sit-ups. How many reps and sets should I do everyday?
What exercises should I do other than running while I am on the ground?
Why are handstands good?
Is there a hazard to exceed my max heart heart rate (220-39) with high blood pressure?
Is it required to buy a treadmill of 20-30kg more than the user’s weight?
Is it possible to build a fitness-model-like body in 9 months naturally?
Is mental strength and resolve is as important as physical strength?
Why can't I seem to lose body fat, even though I exercise, am very active, and I am nursing two babies?
What are the best comedic routines against Islam?
What kind of gym do most med students go to (e.g., CrossFit/usual gyms/boxing)? How long & how many times a week do they go to the gym to maintain their daily study schedules?
Why do I have such small arms but lift a decent amount?
How do you explain “tears has no weight but carries heavy emotions”?
I hate exercising. What's the most effective exercise routine I could follow for the shortest amount of time where I will get the most benefits?
Can exercise and walking harm our internal organs? What is the best exercise for belly fat?
Can intense muscular exercise cause acute health problems in otherwise healthy individuals?
When you are working out what do you do to get over the hump?
How do I stop making a wheezing noise while working out?
Why are yawns and stretches so satisfying? What's happening in the body?
What are the best tabata workouts without any equipment?
What is the best way home exercise?
Comparatively, which is better: Zumba or jumping rope?
Why is my strength of lifting weights not increasing even though I am gymming regularly?
Why do fat girls always dress like they're about to go to the gym but they never do?
Which is more beneficial for slim people badminton or brisk walking?
How many days a week do I do sprints to burn fat? For how long do I do the sprints? I lift weights, and I'm 42 years old.
How do I get stronger and better at fighting without having "gym muscles" or going to the gym?
Can I use a treadmill with a max speed of 13 mph for sprint training?
Why I am not able to lose weight even after 2 years of doing continuous exercises?
What is the point of exercise if my face is hideous?
What is a good full body workout with a bench press and a pull up bar?
Which causes losing weight fast, aerobic exercise or machines?
Can I see incredible changes in my body if I box 5 times a week for 4 months? Currently I'm 72kgs, 21% body fat (age 22).
What is the best form of exercise?
How do film stars makeover their body in months?
What's an affirmation I can have as a beginner at push-ups?
What is a valid excuse for wanting to switch out a swimming semester in HS with another activity for physical education?
Should you include cardio in your workout if you're skinny, 43kg and if your age is 19 years old?
Does taking an ice bath after a heavy workout allows your body to recover enough for an immediate 2nd workout right after?
How many calories does a 24 year old guy weighing 83 kgs burn daily if he walks everyday?
What is a good example of a low impact cardio for bad knees?
If you hang two heavy weights on ropes in a very deep well, say 12km, would they come together or stay the same distance apart?
Is only working on my upper body at the gym harmful if I run and bike frequently?
I am 50, I want to increase my baseball throwing speed, what exercises should I do?
Is jogging 4 times a week enough leg workout for someone who works the upper body 3 times a week?
I walked 2.7 miles to and 2l7 miles from in 1 hr. Is that fast?
I work out three times a week, running a mile then lifting weights. How should I be eating?
How did CrossFit generate its initial traction? How did it go from the original gym to the first 20 locations? What were the triggers?
What am I supposed to eat after a workout when I am on a diet?
What are the best exercises to improve mobility of the shoulder joint? I get pain if I try to touch my right scapula with my left hand from behind.
Is it good to do a workout after consuming food? If not, why?
Is it harmful to do exercises during muscle cramps?
How do I become happy as a teenager and get good grades and get fit?
What are some affirmations to say to do beginner pushups?
What is the best aerobic workout to follow online?
How do I do a lower, upper and middle chest workout with push-ups?
How can I encourage people for yoga?
How do I maximize my endurance (running) within 9 days?
What is the best gym routine one can carry out at home to burn belly fat, considering you have minimal weights/equipment?
Is it possible to use OSIM uKimono to make your tummy 6 packs?
What should be the sequence for yoga, Pranayam and meditation?
Why don't women bench press?
Is it a good idea for me to start Capoeira when I have scoliosis?
How do I stop using the PC too much and study more/workout more?
Is there any gym or workout facility available at MITAOE Pune?
What will happen to my body if I stop going to the gym after one year?
Can limescale build up in the body?
How can a skinny guy build an average body?
Which sport is good for full body tone and fitness football or athletics?
How can I tell whether my kettle bell is the right weight for me?
What are the benefits of getting Yoga Certification?
If I lie down in bed and a machine moves my body parts, does that amount to exercise?
What are the 10 components of fitness?
Where can I be trained in squats in Bangalore?
Is EMS fitness safe?
Should I buy a magnetic resistance or brake resistance exercise bike?
How do I prevent my nipple from chafing when I work out?
How to increase my stamina after being a couch potato for 2 yrs?
Can I build a good physique on 2 meals a day?
How long will it take to notice a difference from working out 20 minutes a day?
How many skips should I do to increase height?
If you do not exercise, but eat healthy, how much protein should you eat?
If I start lifting weights, will I start getting women?
Is it enough for me to do two weight training sessions and two swimming sessions a week? (I'm sixty years old.)
Should I draw mind maps of exercise solving instead of plainly solving exercises to get better grades in physics and maths?
What are the best ways for people who work out to prevent muscle injuries?
As a person with little free time to experiment, what yoga poses should I do every day to ensure I'm healthy?
Can creatine benefit me if I run a mile every single day?
What are the best workouts (without equipment) for getting a big chest and arms and getting abs?
Why is the breath rate higher as the longer distance you run?
What do you say to fat relatives who tell you you're crazy for losing weight?
What happens if I don’t do ab exercises properly?
Did you have a good friend who pointed out the flaws in your idea & helped you improve it? How did it all work out? How did you start?
As a fitness beginner, I am having a little trouble lifting weights. I can do about 10-12 reps of dumbbell curls on my right hand, but not on my left. Why?
How do I get a wider chest at 16?
How can I make myself a faster runner?
How many calories does constant and proper hula-hooping burn?
What will be impact on my body, if I do cycling and skipping rope for half an hour each?
How can I get abs as a skinny teen at home without equipment?
How much do I have to eat to put on weight and build muscle?
What can be done to reduce errors in work leading to wrong numbers pulled out for client projects?
Could a runner with baseline fitness (30 miles/wk, longest 12 miles) try to run a marathon with only two long runs (18-20 miles), for this training cycle?
What is the difference between predicting a 10 second or 1 minute return and predicting a 5 minute or even 30 minute return in futures/stocks?
What can busy entrepreneurs do to fit health & fitness into their daily routine?
What are the best techniques to work the muscle groups with free weights?
How helpful is aerobics when combined with cardio and strength training?
Why are most people against workout partners or "fitness buddies?" I love mine.
What are the main muscles used for jumping jacks?
Which bodyweight workout is suited for skinny men?
Which is best, a boot camp or a gym?
How much do you walk on average every day?
Can weightlifting rejuvenate?
What are good exercises after a knee reconstruction?
What are the most useful exercises to do early in the morning?
Why do I have veiny abs?
I'm a high school junior, and haven't grown much since 7th grade. I'm only 5'4", 120lbs, and I don't exercise often. Is it too late for me to grow?
How can I lose the flab on my stomach?
If the miltary press is too hard on my rotator cuff due to arthritis, what other exercises could I do?
I almost have a full beard at 16. Do I have lots of testosterone, which is good for weightlifting?
Do I have to lose fat to build muscle?
How much volume work for each and every muscle?
What are some short term effects of exercise on your muscles?
How do I become a Pilates instructor in the USA?
What's a quick workout that I could do to bulk up my T-shirt with muscle, without dumbbells?
How much weight could be lifted if an effort of 100 pound were applied?
How do I get abs while I'm eating a lot to get bigger too?
How can I reduce 10 kg in 20 days?
How can I learn to do the Asian squat?
My knee hurts while running and lifting, am I doing damage? Would it be better to not workout at all or to push through the pain with low-impact?
If you exercise in only a certain period of your life, would you live longer than if you had never exercised at all?
Is it bad I only hydrate right before my workout?
What kind of body and muscles can you get with only a bodyweight workout?
Can anyone hold bicep dumbbells for 30 minutes without rest, given the dumbbells weigh 20kg (45lbs) each?
What exercise is the quickest way to lose weight?
Do planks burn fat?
How can I get a lean body at home (such as Finn Balor of WWE)?
Is it stupid that after 12 months of no exercise I took 10mg of dextroamphetamine and a large can of Redbull, to get my heart rate up to 190bpm?
Are there any boxing gyms in KL where a 14-year-old can train?
How long will it takes for me to touch my toes with daily stretching?
How do I strengthen my knees, to run everyday?
How do I get lean in 2 months if I am overweight?
What is the best way to run so you don’t injure your knees?
Is a 21 out of 30 good on the Mensa workout good?
I’m 15, nearly 5'9 and 198 pounds. Should I intensively workout my whole body in a day, 3 times a week with 2 days of gap for resting and light calisthenics?
How important are core abdominal strength, leg muscle strength, and arm strength in relationship with one another?
What are the health benefits of going into a sauna post workout?
What people suffering from arthritis can do to improve muscle strength other than weight lifting?
When I stand with my arms at my side and spin in circles, why do my arms lift up without effort?
I'm 15, should I do non intensive strength training and abdominal workouts 5 times a week?
What are the best weight workout routines for rowing?
What are best chest waders?
I'm a 32 year old (very) skinny guy. Are there any meal and workout plans you would recommend to gain mass?
How do I train if I want to get stronger by building more compact muscles rather than bigger ones?
How can I strengthen the muscles in my hand?
Is it ok to have sex 4 or 5 times a week as a body builder?
Where can I get fitness accessories?
I have APT, which makes my lower back tight and weak. Does this mean that I shouldn't add lower back exercises to my workout?
What is the best exercise for helping reduce dizziness?
Is sports or exercise better?
How do I increase my workout time? My muscles become so heavy after 40-45 minutes that I can’t even continue with some other muscle workouts?
How do I reduce belly, side fat and man boobs naturally by exercising or yoga for an adult (age 23 years)?
Where do you recommend getting cheap yet pretty and comfy exercise / yoga attire in Singapore? Is JB worth travelling to for getting cheaper goods?
What happens to my body if I do my workout regularly but don't add calories to my diet?
How do I combine a pure push-ups training with "normal" gym?
What can you say about the RP-US Balikatan exercises?
What are some basic workouts/stretches to be flexible?
How many times a week do you need to change your socks?
How can I make leg day less boring?
How do I acquire the ability to immediately understand math, without going through exercises?
How can I reduce my belly fat? I have a slipped disc.
Is reformer Pilates a good workout?
Is a gym better than running in a stadium?
Which muscles should I train to get rid of kyphosis?
How can I keep myself from getting chills after running?
What is better, going to the gym or doing self-weight exercises?
Why do I get more tired from walking slowly than walking at a brisk pace?
How do I lose weight if I love beer and hate dieting?
What is a good workout schedule for a 200m dash?
What limits how fast humans can run?
Is it ok to run with sore muscles?
Is it possible to build overall body muscles and reduce belly fat at the same time?
What's a good way to loosen up a tight lower back?
What kind of pull-ups or chin-ups work biceps the most?
What are the best exercises to grow your legs?
What's the best way to gain weight and start lifting?
What are other best options than lifting weights to have a fit body?
Why do the muscles above and to the sides of my mouth contract when I swing my arms in full, forward circles?
Does it affect working out in summer?
If we eat like beasts and exercise for 1 hour without stopping, what will happen?
Is it best to do cardio before or after a workout if you are doing weight loss training?
How many miles could I walk/run in a day with a 40lb backpack?
When lifting to failure should I be able to complete as many reps for each subsequent set?
How do I get a great chest?
What should girls eat after a workout?
Is the lateral raise a push or a pull exercise?
What Should be my diet plan to loose 7 kgs, should I consider taking protein powder since I hit the gym 5 times a week?
Is it possible to be fit and fat?
How can I get significantly fitter and leaner in a month?
What is the core strength of your family? Why do you think it is so strong?
What is the difference between power lifting and olympic lifting?
Is 32 years old too late to join the gym and build muscles?
What are the exercises and ways to get in great shape quickly for men? Are there any advantages/disadvantages of working out daily?
Can a person get from being very physically unfit and unhealthy to very fit and strong in a year, if already skinny?
What are the best exercises to work your lower abs?
What is the best exercise routine that may be done daily at home for 10 minutes for all round fitness?
Why does eating protein before a workout make you sweat more?
Is it possible to completely transform yourself with just a few pairs of dumbbells and pull-up bars?
How do you strengthen your middle section and bottom without excessive exercise?
As a female, how can I gain more muscle mass in my upper body? What are the best workouts?
How safe are fitness bands to wear all the time?
Do guys in the locker room at the gym talk comment about some of the ladies to each other?
Why should I make time for exercise?
How can I ensure, as a personal trainer, that I'm offering my clients varied workouts so they keep coming back?
How much exercise must a heart patient do at age 70? What diet is recommended?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of going to the gym before going to college?
What are the best whole body exercises?
Should I exercise with somewhat sore legs?
What is the best workout to strenghten my core?
Should I feel the pump after working out my upper back?
What kind of workouts are for getting stronger without getting bigger (muscle mass) like the guys on America's Ninja Warriors?
How can I work up to being able to do beginner spinal stretches in yoga?
Is it bad if I do only weight training and no other type of exercise for a whole year? Would doing both weight lifting and cross country be better?
How often in a week should I hit the gym in order to get a bulky body?
I am trying to get better at medicine ball overhead throws. Should I focus more on the muscles I need or just continue my full bodybuilding workout?
How can I stay motivated to exercise? I have good health and don't have any issues so I always talk myself out of it.
What is the best machine for abs in the gym?
Is lifting heavy things an alternative to lifting weights, or does it break the muscle down?
Can spondylolisthesis be cured through yoga?
Is it normal to have red spots on your arms after training (crossfit)?
Which trainer is better: Jillian Michaels or Kayla Itsines?
When did you decide to use a lifting belt?
How can I start exercising after an accident?
What is the best training exercise for surfing?
If I work out and don't wipe away the sweat, making it seep back into my pores, will it render the workout useless?
The body produces adrenaline to raise the heartbeat during both exercise and emotional stress. Why, then, is exercise good for the heart, but stress isn't?
How do I train effectively in Ramadan -Weightlifting?
How frequently should you squat?
Should those who have heavy weight bodies do push ups?
Do our height increase after the age of 17 if we do regular exercise?
Can I quit gym and start doing only cardio?
Which is the best gym in Indore for girls?
What is the correct time to go jogging?
What streches can I do before crossfit?
How do I regain my flexibility?
Do three 10-minute workouts per day give the same health benefits as one 30-minute workout using treadmill?
Does it count as exercise if it doesn't raise your heart rate?
Should I move on to free weights?
Is a glass of red wine equivalent to an hour at the gym?
What are the best workouts/exercices to get a cobra back?
How often should you resistance train when you are in your mid-40s?
What is a good leg routine for a 5′7″ tall guy who weighs 60kg? My routine is in the details.
Could you suggest me a workout?
Should I workout if my elbow hurts whenever I fully extend it?
What yoga poses should I avoid if I have SI joint pain?
How can I have upper, middle and lower chest workouts with just push-ups?
Is it enough having one weight training and one aerobic workout a week?
Which workout targets the most muscles in the body?
Which is the good exercise for back pain?
I am 165 cm tall, and I weigh 44kg. I exercise twice/week and eat healthy, but somehow my body stopped changing. How can I gain muscle mass?
How we can loose weight with little exercise?
Has anyone had a knee arthroscopy for microfissures? Was it successful? I can't exercise my leg as instructed without excruciating pain.
What's the fastest way of looking strong and fit?
Is it possible to run a marathon with no training at all?
Besides health, is there any real benefit to exercising and being fit?
What are the best strength exercises for women?
How is walking good for the heart?
Why does my squat improve more than my bench?
Can a 42 year old man who made it to his goal by dropping 67 pounds, work on his abs and have abs?
What is the best equipment for Nike+ Training Club (exercise rookie)?
How does a big chest size help?
What is the best for weight loss, going to a gym or aerobic activity?
If you start running in grade 11 and with no training start with a 18:30 5k, is there any hope for you?
Do any IPS officers do gym workouts regularly?
Should I stop gaming as a 15-year-old in order to get better grades and to get fit?
Why do most beginner work out programs have an excessive emphasis on squatting?
Does NSIT have a gym? If so, is it good enough to work out?
Why do we get so stiff after exercising? I am 64 and can barely move after too much exercising.
Does going to the gym and lifting help you lose fat? I've been doing it regularly for 4 months, but I still have a two pack. I'm still fat.
How much heat does a workout produce?
How does a foodie, who hates to exercise, lose weight?
I want to start Yoga at home. What type of routine can I do daily for stretching and as a workout?
How bad does weightlifting or even calisthenics affect your drawing?
What are the differences between exercises to build strength and exercises to build muscle?
Should I be concerned that my right thigh makes these loud cracking sounds everytime I do a squat?
What will happen if I do 1,000 leg raises a day?
What are the pros and cons of ankle weights?
Should I workout before or after studying as a high schooler?
Does exercise help you sleep better?
What exercises can I do at home in order to gain weight healthily?
Why is the tongue fastest muscle we have?
I'm experiencing extreme muscle pain from both arms and shoulders, due to a dumb workout, that has lasted for 3 days, what should I do?
Should a 60 year old join a gym?
What are some ways to get your legs leaned out but muscular? I would like to stay fit but have thinner thighs.
Is going to the gym good for the physique of a girl?
Is it necessary to reduce the number of bars in a column if its height is being reduced?
Should I always use eccentric slow movement in every single reps of my workout?
Do I reduce height if I go to the gym?
Is there such a thing as exercise intolerance? Every time I attempt to exercise I feel dreadful and sick.
Bikini season is around the corner. What running workout is best to lose some weight?
Which upper body workouts will make paddling easier while surfing?
Is there an age which I should stop going to the gym?
What is the perfect weekly workout plan to gain muscle at a fast pace? Currently, I workout all of my muscles, except my shoulders and legs, twice a week.
What type of exercises can be done with a stretch band?
Why should I do breathing exercises?
Do I look like I’m in good physical shape?
I have to work for 15 hours a day and have no time for exercise. How do I reduce my belly size and weight?
What is the best exercise for a 59-year-old person?
Will walking on all fours strengthen my knee caps?
What is the best time to do cardio (Walk, Jog and Running), before weights or after weights?
I've exercised moderately every other day for a year. I'm 50+ years old. Will my muscles ever stop being sore?
Which stationary exercise burns the most per hour?
What should I do If I am a student and don’t get time for exercise?
Why do people walk to places instead of running?
Which exercises can increase our height after 18 years old?
How do I take whey protein, before workout or after workout?
Can a person become 6ft or 6ft 5in+ tall by exercising, regardless of genetics?
For strengthening and long term health of tendons and ligaments, are low reps more effective or high reps?
How will 8 minutes of sprinting and 45 minutes of swimming twice a weekend affect me physically?
Is on-the-spot jogging effective?
Can I gain muscle if I don't add calories to my diet, while doing an increasing workout routine?
What are the requirements for an advanced yoga class?
Will yoga help me reduce my BP?
Should I workout everyday and how long if I'm weak and skinny?
What is the longest I should be riding an exercise bike?
What is the best physical activity for a 50-year-old to keep fit?
What gives you motivation for fitness?
How can I make my calf muscles bigger?
Why do a lot of non-straight women have broader shoulders? Is it a biological reason linked to homosexuality?
If you are trying to lose weight in two weeks, lifting weights, doing squats, Zumba, and walking, and drinking plenty of water, does this help?
How important is a fit body in terms of survival and life expectancy?
How do I get mass on my chest?
My parents say if I miss school for being sick, then I can't lift weights the same day. Is this right?
Which is best, running or swimming?
Which is better for burning calories, calisthenics or weight training?
What is the difference between CrossFit and gym exercises?
What is a good weight training routine 2 times a week?
Why aren’t simple carbohydrates not recommended pre-workout?
Why does Quincy Larson always recommend audiobooks and when does he listen to them?
What are the tips to be followed during workouts?
I'm 20. How can I go from 5 ft 9 to 6 ft 1?
What is the shortest and most effective daily gym routine?
How many times a week I can do full Sudarshan Kriya in follow up sessions? Is there any side effect if I do it 4 to 5 times a week?
Can a complete strength training program be built around kettlebell swings, the barbell deadlift, and bodyweight pull-ups?
Should I do calisthenics or running as a teenager to get fit and skinny and healthy?
What should I do to improve my arm strength for push up?
How long should I work out at the gym to lose weight?
If served dessert before dinner at a formal event, do I eat it before or after the entree?
Which is the best beginner gym workout routine to build muscle and lose fat for a 32 year old male?
Is it possible to build a good muscular body in 1 -2 months without going to the gym?
How can I reduce my arms?
Its been 8 month since I stopped exercising. My body feels stiff, my hands and my rest of my body feels warm all the time. What can I do to get well?
Can I attract women by being lifting weights?
Is exercise bad for you?
What is the best way for a senior to strength train?
I've been working out for 2 years now, I have packed on good amount of muscle mass but I don't have definitive cuts, how do I get toned muscles?
What results can be seen after doing 20 minutes elliptical trainer daily?
Can you improve vision with excercise?
I only have a bench for bench press, leg lifts on the bench and 56 pounds worth of weights. What workouts can I do?
What is the proper form for pull-ups and push-ups in the Air Force?
What are the benefits Of Fitness And Exercise?
What’s the fastest you ever sprinted?
What is the best strength training program for a 62 year old man trying to build muscle?
Can you join the best yoga center in the world?
Are hula hoop rotations beneficial in any way if they’re included alongside weight training?
Why should you warm up before playing badminton?
Is walking for 20 minutes a day with a controlled diet, but then lying on the couch for the rest of the day going to help me lose weight?
If a skinny person lifts, does he get bigger or more toned?
Can I use a home pull-up bar if I weigh 250 lbs?
What is the best exercise for a flat stomach?
Why does my gym instructor despise cardio?
Shouldn’t the Indian police maintain fitness standards even for regular service members since most lose track of fitness once they get selected?
What length should exercise bands be?
Can an employer round up hours if less then 30 minutes?
What are some side effects for 16-year-old boys who go to gym?
How can I build a strong app?
What are the differences in calorie burning in walking and biking?
How many trams run in Poznań every day?
Why do the muscles above and to the sides of my mouth constrict when I swing my arms in full circles?
If I swim 36 laps instead of 24 laps, 3 times / week, will my metabolism be faster on the days following these workouts?
How can I add bodyweight exercises on workout days?
Which PSU has no physical fitness test?
How much weight and repetitions do you do while doing squats and deadlifts?
How often should I work a muscle group as a teenager?
What are the reasons to feel shortness of breath and sweating while excercising?
How can I improve my cardiovascular fitness for the 12 minute Cooper run?
What are some good physical exercises for sex?
If pushups on a carpet will limit your gains (I've been told), wouldn't doing them on a yoga mat or on grass have the same effect?
What is the quickest possible way to gain muscle as a basketball player?
How do I program a HealthStream GS1195T endurance treadmill?
What is the best diet and exercise program for a 300lb man like myself?
Does doing uperbody weight lifting build visible abs?
Can I workout with dumbbells after a meal?
How does a slim person build up his muscles in the next 4 months?
Can I do abs workouts daily during, before or after going to the gym?
Which exercises are best for the butt if I have hip dysplasia and bad knees?
What's a good routine for a full workout at a gym?
How important is it to eat after a workout?
Besides weight loss, what are the benefits of daily exercise?
Should peanuts be eaten before or after a workout?
Who are your role models in gym and fitness?
How many squats should one do for quick results?
What are some good basic exercises for a 14 year old to do inside?
I have been having a sore lower back, which just escalated with a level-up on a dead-weight rep. Should I just keep applying heat and wait it out?
Should I give blood after running for 4 miles?
What would you think to be the best training regimen with the available exercises?
Between running, cycling and rowing which one results in the highest energy expenditure and why?
Can I get fit body just by walking one hour a day?
What are some easy ways for people with desk jobs to stay fit?
What should be eaten for breakfast when you workout in the evening everyday?
Is there any free workout and nutrition regimen website or app with feedback for getting fit?
If those who are against treadmill running were to live in a place with an extreme climate, would they still run outdoors?
Does aerobic exercise help in migraine?
Why do people get weaker with age despite following the same fitness routine and diet regimen?
What are the things one can do to be fit?
How does one transition into eating two meals per day and exercising again without screwing up their metabolism?
How long does it take to see results from working out as a teen?
Should I workout with my girlfriend?
Is there any standard workout routine for Ectomorphs?
What are the benefits of walking lunges, and which muscles do you work out?
Is it okay to just do side jacknives for obliques? Because I heard somewhere that obliques work for twisting as well.
How do I reverse type 2 diabetes with food and exercise alone? Please include specifics meal plans or type of exercises in your answer.
Which exercises will give you broad shoulders without going to a gym?
What is the importance of aerobic activities?
Is it possible for an athlete to have the strength and muscles of a bodybuilder, and the endurance of a marathon runner at the same time?
Will continuous exercise to my physical limits, even in old age, give me a longer lifespan?
What exercises can I do to gain strength and increase muscle size? Also, how do I reduce belly fat?
Is jogging for two minutes then walking for eight and doing that for twenty minutes good?
After how many days can eyes be cured by yoga?
Is my perception right that harsh prison sentences were pushed during the crack epidemic but in the current heroin problem they're pushing treatment?
What are the health benefits of early morning exercises?
Why is it important to stretch after exercise, what happens if I don't?
How do I train for 8k run?
How can I make my stomach flatter in a week?
What are good exercises to get strong enough to pick up a person?
What’s the best arm and forearms routine?
Which is more important for muscle building: more weight and more/less reps or less weight and more/less reps?
Does arthritis and strenuous exercise go hand and hand when you are older, e.g. above 70?
What are some breathing exercises that increases the lung capacity?
How many push-ups are you able to do on a daily basis?
How much should I workout/run each day as a teen?
How can I start gym exercises for good health?
Why doesn't the body want to exercise?
What is the use of pull up and pull down resistors in a micro-controller?
Is it possible to get a pointy nose with nothing else but face exercises?
Is it really possible for a man of 28 to become fit and esthetic after being obese for 15+ years by following strict excercise and diet regiments?
What are some of the most effective bodyweight exercises to do while traveling?
What are gym membership fees per month in Copenhagen for weightlifting?
I have missed 8 days of my gym due to fever. Will I lose my gains?
What are the best yoga asanas and exercises without any stress on the belly and abdomen?
Should you train rear delts on a pull day or push day?
What is the best alternative to a personal trainer?
How do I cancel a Weibo VIP membership without paying?
Are Zen monks encouraged to engage in physical exercise? If not, why?
Are AirPods good to use while running?
After doing yoga religiously and being vegetarian (eating very little oil) for a month, I've lost only 2kg. Should I be worried?
I want to build a fitness software application. What are people's worst pain points when getting into shape? Workout planning, nutrition, etc.?
How can I prevent pain in my knees while doing leg stretching?
If exercising a lot keeps you young and is anti-ageing, then why do many who work out have a lot of wrinkles?
What do I need to do to build strength for Parkour/Calisthenics?
Why can't I find the energy and motivation to work out?
Is it normal for the front part of my calves to hurt from standing too long?
What workout plan should be followed if planning to have a baby without risking a miscarriage due to stress?
What is the name of a small engine that can lift 100 kg of weight?
What are some good ways to go from skinny to fit?
Which type of pushups are good for us?
If a man never works out, what will happen to him? Will he live a shorter life than the men who work out regularly?
What are some effective excersises I can implement into my workout routine that will speed up my progress towards a one arm pull up?
How can I begin the business in yoga?
Why do I feel so turned on sometimes after I workout on my legs?
How frequently do YOU back squat vs. front squat?
Are there any positives to working out the same muscle two days in a row?
How and when do I get back in my shape?
How can I get a lean body at home without using any equipment?
What exercises are there to lose belly, hip, and thigh fat?
What are scarecrow exercises?
After how many days is it safe to start exercising again after suffering from a cold?
How can I get flat abs in 6 weeks?
How many days does it take the shoulders to recover after workout?
How can I workout and not be sore?
Is it okay to do both swimming and gym after 50?
Is it bad for someone who weight lifts not to have a calorie surplus?
How does exercise intensity affect your heart rate?
How can I reduce my belly fat and waist size from 35 to 28 or 29 as they keep on increasing even though I workout?
What's a good way to lose 10kg in 2 weeks without much exercise?
What exercise would you suggest for a woman to lose thigh fat?
What is the best way to reduce weight, working out at the gym or running?
Why do some people have small hips and big thighs?
What are the most effective traps exercises?
How can I calculate the calories that I have burned and make a diet plan like fitness coaches do?
What is a good diet to follow? I just joined the gym to make me fit.
How does the intensity and duration of exercise affect the hormonal response?
How can I go to a gym without losing my cheeks?
How much excercise is considered excessive?
How can I keep doing exercise if I'm not eating well?
As a bodybuilder with a hunchback, what kinds of concerns should I have while lifting weights? What are the exercises I should/shouldn't be doing?
How long should I exercise/workout when time isn't an issue?
What are some examples of muscular endurance?
Which workout will broaden my upper body frame?
Do workouts affect growth?
Will running help lower body weight?
Why do wrists hurt while doing a downward dog yoga position?
Running is the best thing for me to keep my mood in check. It's my hobby. How can I improve muscle gain at gym and not cut my running?
How does Akram Khan stays consistent in his workouts?
Can I do body weight exercises after intense weight training?
What sort of physique would you like to have?
Which are the best chest exercises to develop the outer pectoral muscle?
How many times per week should I do a HIIT workout, and how many times should I do a strength workout?
After an exercise, I felt like throwing up and my vision became very bright, like the grass was glowing neon green. Does anyone know why it occurred?
How can you prevent feeling dizzy when working out?
Is lifting 30kg weight 20 times and 20kg 30 times the same?
How much exercise is safe in the morning?
How can we be fit mentally and physically?
How do I reduce my body fat and get ripped?
What can I do, when my right chest is bigger than my left chest?
How many miles should I run a week?
Will weightlifting stunt height growth?
How can I make my right shoulder lift up as far as the left while walking?
Does Jocko Willink really workout 7 days a week every morning?
What's the best way to run a sub-3 minute 800 meter run?
What are some calisthenics exercises for shoulders (that do not involve pull-up bars)?
Do all aerobic activities have the same health benefits?
When can I lift weights after a back operation?
How do some guys get so strong without ever hitting the gym?
What are the best outfits for workout for a female (it would be helpful with images)?
How do I run the 400 meter dash properly?
How can you lose 10 lbs in one day without exercising or starving yourself?
What are some exercises to burn stomach and thigh fat?
How do young working people in Bangalore stay healthy despite huge office work load ?
How can I be more fit?
Does doing push-ups and lifting dumbbells, daily, affect one's basketball shooting form?
How do I complete 1,600 meters in 7 minutes?
Why does every train stops at Visakhapatnam for 20 minutes?
What is the best workout routine for an 18 year old to reduce fat?
What is the difference between a bulk body and a lean body?
What is a good workout routine for those trying to gain weight?
What do I need to do at home to get my abs to show if I'm already skinny?
What body weight is enough to make you feel heavy against a push?
How do I maintain flexibility of my body when I'm working out regularly?
If you lift a 5lb weight a hundred times, is that the same "work" on the muscle as one lift with a 500lb weight?
Is there an easy way to fix text neck posture?
What if a fit man stops exercising?
What should I avoid eating before intense cardio training to stop me from needing to poop?
Is a morning walk good for your health?
How can I gain my body structure?
What are some agility exercises examples?
How do I build my upper chest?
In a month or two, can you get a decent six-pack of abdominals?
How many sit-ups would a person have to do in a single night to see results the next day?
What kind of exercises would you recommend for a teenager who wants to start gaining muscle mass at home, without fancy equipment?
What music/song should I be listening to while running or working out?
How do one start exercising after a C-section?
Which one jumps faster, a guy without a jump-rope or a guy with a jump-rope?
What are the pros and cons of stretching everyday?
What happens if you do cardio on a calorie surplus?
How do I do a plank properly?
When should I start to exercise after my pregnancy?
What exercises can help to reduce stiffness in my broken wrist?
What are the best medicines and exercises for a healthy brain?
How do I get bigger hips naturally?
What are some great strength training exercises that can be done anywhere?
Did stretching, hanging, sprinting or any sort of exercise work for you to grow taller? If so, how?
Which pranayama and yoga poses are recommended for someone who has already quit smoking?
If you apply pressure to a bone every day, will it eventually move in the direction you are pushing it?
Where can I learn about losing weight without dieting and exercising?
What are the benefits of doing squats every day?
How does running increase your fitness? How much time should I spend running every day?
How do I increase my muscles?
Will I gain weight if I go to the gym only 2 times a week?
How can I rebuild and strengthen cartilage?
What is a way to reduce the breadth of only the lower body, especially thighs, but not the upper body?
Which exercises are good for sex?
What is a good amount of sit ups to do daily to strengthen my abs?
What's a good workout routine for maximum health benefits with little risk of injury?
How can I improve my stamina and strength?
How can I build muscle at home with a pair of dumbbells 15kgs each and doing pushups?
How do I wake up early in the morning, in hot summers, to exercise and not feel lazy?
What is the name of exercise machine?
Is it bad for men to have soy protein (more specifically after weight lifting)?
Is there a way to lose belly fat without eating healthy and exercising?
Suppose that I am doing a chest or back workout in which I rarely have to walk. Are the calories burnt during these workouts being counted by the Mi Band 2?
What is a good fitness routine for a musician especially a guitarist?
Is one egg per day enough for muscle gain?
How many months does it take for a complete body transformation if we do gym workouts for 2 hours a day, 6 days a week?
How do I avoid losing muscle mass?
My legs are too skinny compared to my upper body, so what are the best leg workouts to build heavy and thicker legs?
Which is better, doing mat exercises or going to the gym?
What are some very simple free-hand exercises for absolute beginners at home?
How long and how often should I exercise to see some serious muscle gains?
Can Sennheiser wireless headphones be used for workouts in the gym?
How do you calculate relative fitness?
What's the best way to lose weight slowly? I work away a lot, so I stay at a hotels. I don't do any exercises at the moment, and I'm currently 5'9 at 270 lbs.
How much should you rest in a day?
How expensive is it to open a bouldering gym versus a normal gym?
What is cardio exercise?
How can I work on my pectorals with no bench, just dumbbells and a barbell?
Should we do cardio before weights? Or cardio after weight training?
Will I lose fat if I jog in one spot for 30 minutes a day?
How do I learn CrossFit without a trainer?
How can I maintain my physical fitness while I'm over 60?
Is it true that you train push-ups daily without resting?
What are the best YouTube channels for fitness which teaches step by step to beginners and nutrition channel for maintaining proper healthy life?
What else can I do to loosen up my calves?
Is there an exercise which can replace sit-ups? I've heard they have a high body DMG percent.
Is going to the gym worth it or can I stay fit at home?
What is the best gym in Greeley, Colorado?
How can I as a woman be as strong/fit as some of the crossfitters out there?
How do I make my back thighs bigger?
What are some upper body workouts if you’re so weak you can't do a push up?
Is it good if I run for 30 minutes, stop a little bit, then carry on running?
Why am I having aches and soreness when I work?
What should I do first in a cycle of meditation, yoga and exercise?
How do you perform lingual exercises?
Will I gain muscle faster if I have a fitness coach?
How can I build a massive chest with heavy weights?
Why do women refuse to go to the gym by saying they don't want to look mannish?
Will strengthening my toes and ankles increase my vertical jump and running speed?
How do I maintain my BMR and muscle mass after I stop exercising?
What are the simple but important exercises I should do if I am a teenage girl?
What are some good workout routines for a rowing machine?
How can I build muscles if I have a coronary heart disease?
What books do you recommend for nutrition plans, workout routines, and getting a healthy, ripped body?
What is better for a (sprinting) athlete, pull ups or barbell rows?
How many kms should I run to lose 7 kg per month?
How can I lift and tone flabby arms with a workout? How long does it take? Is it really effective with excess skin?
Is going to the gym once every two days good?
Will our stomach increase if we stop doing abdomen exercises?
What should I think if my recovering anorexic sister wants to start going to the gym with me? Should I be worried?
How do you know if the weights are too heavy or if you are just wimping out?
Is it normal to yawn when you're at the gym working out?
Will push-ups alone help in fat reduction?
How can I get back into the shape I was in 5 years ago? I'm 25 years old. How much time is it probably going to take?
How do you do yoga on your own?
Why can I lift 85% of my max with good form and speed but at 95% my form breaks down and I can barely get in a couple of reps?
What is a single exercise that combines aerobic and anaerobic activity?
How do fitness models get ripped?
Why aren't you exercising right now?
What are some examples of muscular endurance in sports?
What is a good workout routine for getting cut, diet included?
Is it safe and healthy to do heavy weight squat for a person with flat feet and overpronation?
Why is exercising indoors better than exercising outdoors when there is high ozone concentration in the air?
Should I do cardio/HIIT for 1-2 months then weights?
What’s more important, an 8 hour good night sleep or exercising in the morning?
How does the weight of a body affect its motion if the body is moving on a horizontal plane?
Other than losing weight, how do you make yourself able to walk around for several hours consecutively without having sore legs?
Why can’t I deadlift my 1-rep max after a 4-rep warm-up set, but I can deadlift the 1-rep max on days when I do zero warm-up?
What workout can you recommend to strenghten my lower back?
How long does it take to cure varicocele through yoga?
Is cardio really necessary for fat loss?
How can a person start exercising again after gaining a lot of weight and losing motivation?
What is the minimum age for a person to join the gym?
What are the sports for lower body weight loss?
Is it bad to do squats when taking a shower?
Which exercise machines do you use at home for working out?
Why do my legs hurt after running?
How effective are isometric exercises?
Why do I get a rash when I exercise?
What kind of exercises do you need to do to get a bigger butt?
Why does leg workout takes most strength?
What are good companies to buy above-average-weight free weights from?
What physical activity is required for the CRPF?
In terms of losing weight, is it better to go on a diet and not exercise as much, or to eat normally and create a strict fitness routine?
Lets just say if I jogged a mile which I do everyday, will creatine build my body if I just run/jog a mile everyday?
I run a 5:20 mile and want to run a sub 4:40 by the beginning of track season in 9 months. What type of training do I need to run it?
Do leg muscles build stamina?
How do you get flat abs in a month?
Has any one achieved great results by doing yoga daily?
What should I eat at night (dinner) to reduce my belly fat?
I'm a 16 year old girl and just ran a 8:50 mile. I haven't done any physical activity in the last 2 years. How do I improve my mile time?
How do toned arms differ from muscular arms?
Is it bad to exercise if you are a heavy smoker?
How can I increase my stamina for running?
Why is my right arm swollen after a workout at the gym? I am having no pain but my arm feels heavy. What is the reason?
How many reps per set are necessary while lifting weights to build muscle?
How does an ABS work?
What should be eaten just before workout?
What should overweight people do in the gym to avoid injuries and getting bored?
What five weight training exercises would you choose for a full body routine?
Is it easier or harder to burn fat as a teen than an adult?
What are the exercises I should do for running 100m if I am aiming for the Olympics?
How much exercise should I get each day if I work a desk job?
To what extent can light aerobic exercise lower blood pressure?
How can I keep my knees in line when squatting? I experience a lot of popping and clicking after I squat.
What's Dale Steyn's workout?
Why do I feel like puking or vomiting every time I complete a gym workout?
Can you bulk up without getting more fat?
How many calories does 30 push-ups and 30 sit-ups burn?
What is a good beginner workout for strength and muscle built?
How many calories does 20 minutes of running burn?
When you do cardio, does your heart get stronger? Or do your muscles just use the oxygen more efficiently?
Are the deadlifts and squats helping to reduce weight and burn fat?
Is it cool to grunt and moan while lifting weights at the gym?
Why do your hands shake after lifting weights?
What are some weight bearing exercises?
What are wrong things in yoga, is it medically foolproof?
Can I get bigger hips with weightlifting/training? How?
What happens when a female bodybuilder stops working out?
How many times a day should I work out?
What's the ideal time duration for cardio exercise per day at the gym? This is for huge weight reduction for men.
How long do I have to do these exercises until I have normal posture?
How can I lose fat, get skinny, fit and healthy as a teenager and fit in my clothes?
What are the benefits of doing pushups? How does it help women? How many reps. should one do?
Why does it seem that every fitness and bodybuilding instructor advocates against cardio training, when in fact it’s one of the best exercises you can do?
How can I use my Apple Watch to my advantage to help me be healthier?
Can we go to the gym after swimming?
Is it normal that my left side of the body (legs, shoulders, arms, chest) is bigger than my right even though I'm right handed?
How do I get visible abs?
Is it difficult to reduce fat around your hips after the age of 65, especially in summer when it is too hot to walk? What can I do, other than going to gym or using a treadmill?
What is the best exercise routine for a skinny 13-year-old?
Why is it difficult for most people to exercise 20 minutes 3 times each week?
If I don't sweat while riding my bicycle, does that mean I am not burning calories?
What all exercises/cardio/gym can I (26-years-old) do to lose 18 kg (92-74 ideal), considering that my right shoulder joint got dislocated and relocated?
How many calories does bending over backwards burn?
Can I lift weights 5 days in a row? I'm 42 years old.
What is the importance of rest after a workout?
Am I allowed to use the gym after school?
Which type of stretches are recommended for the beginners, dynamic or static?
What are some tips for improving leg flexibility?
Is there a way to meet women in my yoga classes?
After I eat lunch, what can I drink/eat as far as bodybuilding supplements to lower my hunger until post-workout?
Does regular diet and exercise help with anxiety and depression?
What should one eat if he wakes up at 6:30am, and has to be at the gym by 7am?
If I don't feel like going to the gym after work, would going in the morning be a good idea?
Where can I see videos of meditation exercises online?
We've all heard people say that walking is just as effective as running in terms of exercise. Is this true?
Is it possible to look normal with a receding chin?
Is doing 50 knee press ups the same as doing 25 normal ones?
How do I maintain a workout diet when living in PG?
How do I find a balance between muscle gain and cardio workouts?
How did your body change once you started working out?
Is my workout routine an effective calisthenics workout?
What do you do to stay in shape while on holiday?
What 3 workouts can I do in my little apartment to stay in shape?
What if you didn't eat much but didn't exercise? Would you still lose as much weight as if you exercised and didn't eat much?
Is it good for a single guy to masturbate 3 to 4 times a week?
Talent isn't enough these days. Why?
How long do you have to exercise stock after leaving a company?
Will eating significantly less get me a six-pack faster?
Can a female build up strength same as a male through weight lifting and exercises?
How do I get the motivation to start running and to get fit as a teen?
How do I get toned legs & a big butt?
Why is most of the strength program only three days per week?
What body proportions are best for endurance running?
Why do I have body aches after weight workouts?
What should I do to get fit as a teenager and get skinny, strong and healthy?
How do I go about training for a marathon?
What should one prefer for a toned body, aerobics, Zumba, Pilates, yoga or weight training in the gym?
Why do strength calisthenics (10-15 reps per set) make me more sore than weight training?
How can I get my hip fat back?
What are the results for doing yoga once a week?
Does Compression (& Copper added) really work for sore muscles & other ailments?
Has anyone that you know ever made a lean body without lifting heavy weights?
What could be the reason for not losing fat despite six months of regular gym activity?
Where do you recommend getting cheap, pretty and comfy exercise / yoga attire in Singapore? Is JB worth travelling to for getting cheaper goods?
Should I stop working out when preparing for exams?
How can I get out of running the mile?
How much weight did you burn from yoga?
How long and to what degree do you need to elevate heart rate in exercise?
What sorts of exercise do you not do?
What are some people who beat aging with exercise and lifestyle?
Does strength training burn fat from the face?
Which floor exercise at home is better for women with bad knee?
Is it better to first lose body fat and then build muscle or both at the same time?
Is swimming for 1 hour daily enough of an exercise for a healthy heart if I also consume a lot of butter daily?
What are some stretches I can do to be able to do the splits?
Where can I find out more about the workout app ginger that helps you find workout partners?
How do I develop biceps and triceps? I do lift (15+15) kg dumbbells but have not gotten any impressive results.
What are the gym workouts for triceps?
I’ve been going to the gym for the last month to build muscles, and I mean big muscles. When will I start seeing a big improvement?
I can run 3k in 17 mins, how to make it below 11 minutes and how long will it take if I run 4 days a week?
How do you adjust your workout routine when you are cutting weight?
Is it advisable to go to the gym during periods?
What is the best way for me to lose my last layer of body fat, but still gain muscle?
What exercise should I do to increase my leg muscles or leg diameter?
Can I lose weight by diet alone, or must I also exercise?
How many times should I do eye yoga exercises?
How should I kick start my running (fitness) after a long injury layoff?
What feels better, sex or lifting weights? Don't say sex. It’s overrated.
Can you build endurance without running?
How should I be working out?
What should my diet plan for six-pack abs be if I exercise/work out at home without equipment?
Should I take a week off of weight training?
How many days can we stay fit without drinking?
What is the best way to get fit after having Goodpasture Syndrome?
Is it possible to get slimmer calves and a slimmer looking face?
What would happen to exercise ISO if AMT is repealed?
Are there any simple exercises to tone our body?
What is the best plan to lose 10kg weight in 40 days?
Do I really need a rest day from working out? Please see the comment.
As a beginner, how long will it take for my abs to recover?
What's the best way to brush up my Mandarin with 3-4 weeks in China?
If you were seen doing some unusual exercise (e.g. yoga, parkour), what would your response be to "what are you doing" and "why are you doing that"?
How many calories would a 7 stone female burn running on the spot for an hour?
How do I know I am jogging but not running?
Is it possible to do more than 70 sit-ups in a minute?
Is Krav Maga a strength or cardio workout?
Why am I getting fat? How do I stay fit and toned?
What is the perfect time for exercise?
Why are my thighs so large?
What exercises should I do to have a fit body?
What happens if we eat rice after workouts? Is it good or bad?
What are the best 3 biceps exercises for mass?
What are the best jawline exercises?
How do I sew an accordion stretch panel, does the elastic have to be pre-stretched?
What is the best workout plans blog?
What is more important in Yoga- Asanas or Pranayam?
Is stretching important post-workout?
Is standing punishment good for one’s health?
What is best street workout equipment?
Will girls go crazy over me if I start lifting weights and getting in shape?
How bulletproof are the weighted vests used for exercise?
Where in Rishikesh can I learn Kundalini Yoga?
Apart from working out at the gym, how do men generally train (context: India)?
What are the pros and cons of working out all seven days?
What is squat and milk?
If I do weight training 4 days a week but don't eat enough, will I be in danger of over training?
How should I keep myself fit and healthy?
Is 41 push ups in one minute good for a thirteen year old male?
What is better for weight loss: cardio or weight training?
Is yoga really a good way to lose weight? I've seen many fat people who are really good at yoga.
Are high knees a vigorous exercise?
What are the benefits of working out 7 days a week?
Is doing 300 burpees per day a good workout?
Why are my muscles bigger after a workout?
What style of climbing is the best upper body workout?
What is the best way to jog in the morning?
What is the best ab exercise? What is the best type of exercise for a 6-pack? Don’t worry about nutrition. I've got that covered.
Should I lift weights immediately after eating to gain muscle?
Can you lift things to be strong without using dumbbells?
Can I lose weight by exercising, but not changing my diet?
What is your typical golf warm-up routine?
How can I lose weight again after gaining some due to lack of exercising and rough eating?
Is there any harm in doing strength and cardio exercise everyday?
Which is better for girls, the gym or aerobics?
What are some ways to do weight training that'll help me get ripped when I won't have access to a gym because I'll be traveling long term?
It's been 110 days since I got an operation on my leg for a tendon that had ruptured. I'm still not able to put weight on my leg. Is that normal? What should I do?
Is it advisable to buy a treadmill online?
How can I train my (bulky) body for long distance running?
How do I make time for workouts when I have a busy schedule?
Why does time seem to slow down during exercise?
What was the experience like for someone who got into FIT?
How do I burn body fat fast and gain (or maintain at least) muscle?
Has the Hulk really lifted the weight of a star, as some people claim?
I want to lose fat and gain muscle, should I set my macros to lose or gain weight?
How can I work out (strength, muscle building) while on a trekking tour with no access to a gym?
Can I run one hour per day as well as going everyday to the gym? Would such intensity have any down side?
How do I increase my muscles on the sides of my glutes?
Does pre workout and in workout affect male fertility?
How can I get bigger forearms?
How much do you have to Squat in order to dunk?
How can I cure constipation if I have already tried everything including exercises and medications?
How many calories do I burn if I walk for 60 minutes or take 7,000 steps in a day?
What are the best 15 minutes workout to stay in shape?
Where should you start if you want to burn excess fat and do some toning up this summer? Is a cleanse recommended to start with, or are they purely a fad?
What is your preference, fitness training or yoga, and why?
How many push-ups, crunches, leg raises and squats should I do to lose 80lbs?
Is calisthenics more effective at cutting body fat than HIIT training?
What is the strength of strength?
Is it odd that I am able to gain muscle with very little exercise?
How many times a week should I workout to grow a butt?
Is your upper chest important?
What's another way to work on my abs other than abs workouts?
Would a wider back, bigger shoulders, stretched out fully fingers increase your wingspan?
What are the best workouts to get big biceps?
How can I improve my endurance for soccer?
Why is walking in the woods beneficial for your health?
Is morning exercise good for slim guys?
Aside from the importance of nutrition, what are some great exercises to build muscle while efficiently burning fat?
How can I start gym exercises?
Can 100 push ups a day reduce chest fat?
Can squint be cured by exercise?
Can you build a muscular body through yoga, since essentially you are lifting your entire body weight by doing yogic asanas and exercises?
Whats are the best exercises to build huge calves?
Does doing yoga alone could make a person slim and fit?
Will I lose muscle if I lift lighter weights?
How can I manage to get fit, healthy, skinny as a teen?
Is running in place considered a vigorous exercise?
How can we get young people to do more exercise?
How can I achieve washboard abs and defined pectoral muscles at home?
What is a good weight bearing exercise for osteopenia?
Does burning fat increase the need for water (substantially)?
Is it possible to lose weight and build muscle through weight training only?
What is the perfect weekly schedule to reach my highest cardio potential?
Do I still have a chance of widening my hips?
What are some exercises to lift and shape my butt?
What are some of the best calisthenic exercises improve my sprint speed?
How much time should I do cycling to get rid of my pouch-like tummy?
What factors are important in determining the length of time for breath holding when at rest during re-breathing and exercising?
Which exercises and other stuff do you recommend for making your booty grow? Can that happen?
Why is cycling so much more effective than running and why can I attain higher speeds than walking, even when going uphill?
What builds more mass in weightlifting? More reps and less sets or less reps and more sets?
Can a 13-year-old boy perform push-ups? Are there any side effects?
What workout split would be best for someone in the military that requires all around fitness, and incorporates at least 3 days of cardio?
What is the best cardio exercise for someone suffering from back pain?
I’m 15 and I want to increase my shoulder size by a few inches. What workouts should I do?
How do I get in better shape?
How can women get a lean and muscular physique?
How many push-ups are needed per day to get a 6-pack abs?
What are the exercises to cure knock knees?
Is it ok if all I do is work out at the gym and sleep it off? I'm extremely frustrated with everything.
While doing kegel exercises, I used to get pain in my legs. Am I doing them right?
How can I stop being lazy and get motivation to run and get fit and skinny?
Let's say X does strength training for one year, and Y does cardio for one year. Who burns the most fat?
Will losing weight and exercising make cellulite go away?
What is calisthenics all about?
When you stop consuming protein, how long until you feel the effects?
How heavy is too heavy to stop growth?
How do the accessory muscles of respiration work?
I want to look fit on my 20th birthday. I have 7 months and I am starting my workout. What should I do for my diet, being from an Indian household?
How do I become muscular in one month?
What is the best exercises for bad knees?
What is the different body shapes of girls?
Do MBBS students go to the gym?
I am lifting weights for over 5 months and taking whey isolates, but do not seem any gain in my muscles. What am I doing wrong?
Do you consider yourself as an athelete if you're a bodybuilder who lifts 5-6 times a week?
How can one lose belly and butt fat?
Why is distance running so popular?
Can most women achieve an "hour glass figure" with diet and exercise?
How long does it take to see the effects of a healthy diet, and what are the effects that take place?
Is Ensure a good post-workout drink?
How should I reduce weight without hitting the gym?
Is there any way I can improve my mental stamina?
What is the best way to reduce weight, by jogging, cycling, or swimming?
How can I impress girls in yoga class?
Would working out before exams help reduce stress/increase performance?
Can you have a full workout with only one exercise?
What does it take to be a cardiovascular surgeon?
Can simple breathing exercises be practiced without guidance?
How often should one do street workout?
What is the main disadvantage of circuit training?
What are some advantages of developing breathing exercises?
Does going to the gym affect one’s studies?
I'm 15 and I want to lose thigh fat and gain upper body strength. What's a good workout plan for me?
Is 6 minutes and 23 seconds a good mile time for a 13 year old?
How do I make sure I'm not slowly losing muscle mass because of over-exercise and a 2000-to-2500-calories-a-day diet?
Which is the best fitness band for under Rs. 1500?
What are some of the best ab workouts at home and with no equipment?
What is the best exercise for monster, massive shoulders? Which supplements are best?
Can I lose weight by doing 1km of running and a 4-minute Tabata workout?
What are good games that function as great brain exercises?
Will a mix of weight lifting and HIIT cardio, while taking supplements, result in fat loss and muscle gain?
What are some workouts that don't need a lot of breathing capacity?
What are the advantages of yoga in daily life?
Can I get a full-body workout with a 45lb kettlebell?
How do I transform my body like Sahil Khan?
How do I lose 10kg in 2 weeks without a lot of exercise? I'm currently 76kg (female), with an athletic build, but my tummy is starting to pop out.
I'm having 5 small meals a day and I lift weights, but I'm not losing the bellyfat for my abs to be visible. I'm not fat. What am I doing wrong?
What is the best outfit for ladies going to the gym in India, and where can we get it?
How do I do cardio excercise at home without any equipment?
How come guys at the gym can see through a woman’s workout clothes if she’s wearing a thong?
Should peanuts be considered after or before a workout?
Why do psychiatrists only spend 5 minutes with you? I feel like I need to switch my meds?
Is it okay to extra train arms and shoulders other than in the gym?
Is a toning tube useful for full body making?
How do I work out at home to build a six-pack?
Is masturbation OK after 1 hour of working out in the gym?
Would an exercise routine of squats and pull-ups for two hours a day, six days a week be enough for a 'fit' body?
Can you recommend a good post workout snack?
Don't you think it's weird that women shape who they are to get a man, and men shape who they are to get a woman?
What kind of exercises would Vivek Mittal suggest to a 72kg teenage girl if she wants to lose 10kg within one month?
How do I do pullups/chinups?
Why do I sweat more than ladies half my age?
Why is it that when I experience nerve pain, like sciatica, that movement takes it away like a simple dumbbell workout with light weights?
Why does exercising make my chest flat? How can I make my boobs bigger?
How do seniors usually commute if they want to leave their homes, for example, to participate in a fitness program?
How would I get abs as soon as possible?
Is it possible to start a mus cell building with Headlock Muscle?
What kind of exercise can lazy people do?
If I run/jog a mile on a treadmill, would I get the same benefits and exercise as if I had run on a track?
Why do my legs feel shaky after exercise?
What exercises can I do so I can twist my upper body around and how long will it take?
What kind of exercise will get me a body like Cameron Dallas?
Is Endura mass good while doing calisthenics?
Do you ever struggle with staying committed to running? What's your biggest motivation?
Can I increase my chest up to 10 inches?
What are some good exercises to perform on piano to help improve articulation?
It takes me almost an entire year to read and do only 1/4 of the exercises, so how do CLRS book authors design those exercises and problems?
What are the best exercises for men over 40?
Is the strength gained from squatting everyday not permanent?
How can I feel a runner's high again?
What's the difference between HICT, HIIT, HIRT, SMIT, HIVT, and VIIT?
How many times should an adult masturbate in a week?
After a tiresome day, what is it that lifts up your spirit?
What is a good home workout trying to get lean muscle? I don't have dumbells or weights at my house.
What is aerobic endurance in football?
How long does it take until muscle mass starts to go down after not working out?
What workout do you use to train for the 300 meter hurdles?
Does my cardio routine (30 minutes on the treadmill, alternating 1 min intense exercise with 3 min rest) meet the criteria for effective HIIT?
What are some of the best tricep exercises for mass?
Will bodybuilding make women's legs bulky? If not, then why do fitness pros (like Nikki B etc.) have big legs?
How can I train myself (bulky) for long-distance running?
How does a skinny guy get abs without getting even skinnier?
When should I eat food after doing a workout?
Can men wear slim fitting jackets for interviews?
How do pilots manage workouts and hectic flight schedules, to keep themselves fit?
What is the best way to achieve my real complexion after swimming?
Should I draw mind maps and do exercises instead of just reading and doing exercises to get better grades in high school?
Which is better, a workout for your whole body in a single day or a workout for different body parts every other day?
What are the advantages of negatives for chin-ups?
Why is running outside better than on a treadmill?
What is above physically strong for an Adult man?
What are the best facelift exercises?
After a week of doing yoga, especially inhaling and exhaling, I feel some sort of sound or movements at the back of my anus. What could that be?
What are the health benefits of doing pilates during pregnancy?
Why do my thighs hurt after doing squats?
How do weight bearing exercises actually help bones?
What is the cycle of meditation, yoga, and exercise?
Should I take Protein X after a workout?
Can one build upper pectorals without an incline press?
If at the 'full expression' of a yoga pose the yogi is supposed to be relaxed, why do teachers' dialogs still invoke intensity and hype (push, push!)?
How do you work-out 99²+199²+299²+399²+499²-5?
What are T25 exercises?
What should I eat and what workout should I do to stop my ribs from showing?
What is the chest size of John Abraham with pump in the movie Force?
How do I build muscle on my delts and make my shoulders wider and more muscular?
Is it enough to do a 10 minute bodyweight exercise and then run for 10 to 15 minutes to lose weight and belly fat?
If doing Olympic-style powerlifting workouts increases your muscles, why do bodybuilders work out using a split system?
What home workouts are good for 400m dash preparation?
Should I study for maths by doing exercises or by studying examples and figuring out how to solve similiar exercises?
Can we practice​ yoga after 6 in the evening?
Can a women have a flat stomach after delivery?
When getting sun exposure, should I do it 15 minutes without a break, or can I do it 10 minutes in the morning and 5 minutes in the afternoon?
What is it like to work as a fitness professional overseas? I am already familiar with the rub of what being a fitness professional in the US is like.
What is the best exercise to train the obliques without gym equipment?
Is there any natural remedy for constipation/faecal retention or physical exercises for bowel health?
Is it too late to do physical exercise for my body shape?
How can a skinny 16-year-old guy start getting in shape with just a pair of dumbbells, a pull-up bar and a treadmill?
What are some exercises that help induce labor?
How do I control my bowel movements which strike every morning when I run, even after finishing two rounds of excretion?
How can I reduce my weight by doing exercising at home without any workout machines, and what are exercises that I can do?
Is Adriana Lima too muscled?
What would you recommend about running daily on road (tarmac)?
How long will it take before I observe changes in my body if I have started doing normal push-ups regularly, and am gradually increasing their number?
Which is the best exercise to have a great physical condition for surfing, especially for paddling?
Is running on treadmill enough to lose weight?
If the penis is a muscle, why can't it be exercised to get bigger?
How can I build up the muscles in my body in 6 months or more?
What can I do to gain body mass?
How many calories does strength training burn?
How can I practice mantras and yoga at home?
Is increasing reps/sets the same as increasing the weight? Which is better, increasing sets or reps, and by what amount? And how long before we increase them?
Is it true that increasing the repetitions of workout and not the weight helps in building cuts?
What is the best way to get in shape for capoeira classes in three months?
How would you intelligently work out 449*249 without a calculator?
Why are splits seen as unmanly?
How does aerobic activity influence metabolic activity?
When you burn body fat, do you burn saturated mono- and polyunsaturated fat in equal amounts, or is there a preferential one?
Is it possible to be obese yet remain healthy or physically fit?
How many times a week should I go to the gym and for how long?
How do I get more chest muscle so that my upper sternum is less visible?
How fast will I get my gains back to be fit for summer after being absent for almost two months from the gym?
What do you do when your pet does yoga?
Which kind of stretching exercise should I avoid if I have lower back pain?
What is an interesting way to get in shape?
Will my face look good if I lose fat and gain muscle?
How do rest days work when doing calisthenics?
As a 22-year-old, what health habits, diets, exercise routines, etc., should I be engaging in to lead a long, healthy life while maintaining a low body fat percentage?
What happens if you run 1 mile everyday for a year?
Which is better, gym or functional training?
Why do you need to be in a caloric surplus to build muscle?
Can I lengthen my neck with exercises?
Is it bad to always wipe your sweat while exercising?
Is there an accurate way to tell how many calories you've burned in a workout?
Is drinking on a regular basis (4-6 pegs) OK if you work out and do cardio 6 days a week (5 mile jog)?
What are some good makeup techniques for minimizing the appearance of a double chin?
Does working out make your shoulders broader?
How can a girl reduce the size of her thighs?
Is it advisable to have a nap right after a heavy workout?
How many people in the world can do Bruce Lee push-ups?
What are the best ways to advertise a fitness gym?
What conditioning or other exercise can I do to improve my fitness in this arena?
What's a good body weight percentage for a dead lift?
What are some beginner basketball training exercises that can be done at home with no hoop (female)?
Your maximum weightlifting capacity may be 50 kg. If you were asked to lift a 500-kg weight, how would you do it?
Why did the finger wrinkle after swimming?
is drinking a cold smoothie after a workout good or bad?
What is the best beginner routine for hypertrophy, Fierce 5, SS, or Stronglifts?
How long should an individual exercise their mind each day to keep from regressing in IQ?
What is more important, to have a strong and fit body or a clever brain?
Is a 15 km walk per day enough to lose a stone (14 pounds or 6.35 kg.) in 6 weeks, along with a good diet?
In Bikram yoga, the standing forward to knee starts on the left leg while the standing bow pose starts on the left leg. Why does the balancing stick start on the right leg?
When is the right time of day to exercise according to Tradition Chinese Medicine?
If I do no other exercises besides squats, will my body look weird because I'll have a huge ass and no other muscles?
Is it possible to build muscle on antipsychotics? Is it as efficient as normally?
How can you get skinny in 2 weeks?
What is the correct way to work out the result of 899½-998¾?
How long shall I jog for optimum cardio benefit?
What should I take for energy before a workout?
What’s your exercise of choice when you are limited on time?
Which sport is better to get a fit body, swimming or going to the gym?
Where can I get online training (preferably free) for doing full body work out and gym exercises, including diet?
What is best for burning belly fat: sit ups or running?
What protein drink is best for men during and after a workout? Is it okay to drink one both during and after? I weigh 63.3kg.
What food should I buy at a QuikTrip before an intense leg workout?
Why do I feel like stretching?
What is Angelina Jolie’s exercise routine?
What types of exercises are suitable for a 65 year old person?
Is there a way to shift the concept of exercise from workouts to body maintenance?
What should be the diet for a pure vegetarian who doesn’t even eat eggs so that the person can have a body like this? Also, suggest some workout hours in the gym, if you please.
Which workout should we do in the gym for height?
I am 29 yrs old, have belly fat. Now I want to loose this belly fat along with growing muscle & proper shape of body. Is it possible at this age?
I workout 4 times/week (weights and HIIT). Last week I didn't work out and ate freely. Why did I get thinner/more toned (closer to my goal)?
How can I do 20 push-ups in 4 days? I currently do about 15.
How do I know if I am gaining muscle?
What (full body) exercises can I do to come back stronger in general from a foot injury rehab process (Achilles tear)?
What is the most effective way to train for handstand push ups?
Which exercise reduce tremor?
What is the best exercise for creating "back space" while singing?
How did Franco Columbu get such a wide chest when he was so short?
How can you get a 6 pack real quick?
If you run 3 miles one day and then another 3 miles the next, would you burn the same number of calories as if you ran 6 miles in one day?
Is mixing weight lifting and high intensity cardio while taking supplements sort of like hustling backwards?
Why do you feel like you can't breathe every time you exercise?
How can I do yoga and lift weights in a single day's routine to make my body flexible and to make it look good?
Could I lose fat with cycling (while growing up)?
Is there an outdoor workout area with a pullup/chinup bar in Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China?
Which is better for building strength and muscle, heavy weight for low reps or medium weight for high reps?
What are the best exercises to have a balanced shoulder complex?
How long does it takes to get rid of gynecomastia by exercising?
Does your body initially reject exercise when you begin a serious regime?
What are some good shoulder workouts?
Should I go to the gym at the age of 16 even if I play cricket too?
Is it possible to gain 45 kg going to the gym?
How do I get off a plateau at the gym, because I'm not seeing any more gains?
How can I get the most out of our home gym?
Would doing 100 push-ups every day work just as well as doing a routine of exercises at a gym? Would you get just as strong and muscular?
Why do so many people get hurt when they practice Ashtanga Yoga?
How do I gain stamina?
Can someone make me a really hard core workout?
What is the best (fastest and easiest) way to obtain a strong, masculine body shape?
Is it possible for a 40+ age fit man to 'start over' and build muscle and tone up?
Can you find and post pictures of people doing yoga with effective posture and those who need an adjustment?
What does Akram Khan’s current workout and diet look like?
What are good stretches to do every day to train towards the splits (center, left and right)?
How do I lose belly fat without exercise? I'm too lazy.
What is an effective gym workout for an athletes who is trying to gain muscle mass and keep his body fat percentage low?
What is the best series of physical exercises for strengthening at home when you have little time each day?
What is the best way to workout at home without using weights or going to the gym?
What are some of the best exercises for a ligament tear on the left knee?
What are the benefits of performing aerial yoga at home?
Is weight lifting good to lose weight?
How can I develop muscles without going to the gym or using any weights?
Is there any advantage doing seated upper body exercises versus standing? Don't you use more muscles while standing, making it more of a compound exercise?
How do I eat a healthy diet and lose weight?
What are the preferred timings to do yoga?
What are benefits of having a good body?
What is a good, short morning stretching routine that stretches most muscles?
How can I lose fat and get as skinny and fit as a 15-year-old?
What is the physiological reason as to why each post-knee-surgery exercise hurts initially for 2-3 days, then stops, until the difficulty is increased?
Can I do running along with my gym? I am doing gym in mornings and running at evening and I am a vegetarian.
What if I train every part of my body including calves except my abs?
After working out, neither my biceps nor my chest muscles are sore, even though I use them when working out. Why?
Is it better to get a massage before or after a workout?
Which is the best exercise​?
How can I build my stamina for a long hike?
Is gym good for women?
What is elliptical good for?
How do I lose fat around my arms without making it look bulky?
What are great exercises for building muscle while losing body fat without using weights?
Does strength training burn the same amount of calories as cardio to lose weight?
What are some examples of historic/ancient yoga exercises?
What are chin-ups good for?
How many KM does one have to run to lose weight?
Are there any good workout program that includes strength\fat loss workouts and cardio to help get me in shape for the military?
How many pullups should I be able to do? Do these exercises help?
What is the best workout to target all muscle groups twice a week?
How do I see DBT/JRF result?
Can I build body muscles without going to the gym? If so, what should be my diet, and what training should I do?
What exercise does the killer perform in the movie Faster?
If you could only do two chest exercises, which two would you do?
What does it feel like to overwork your muscles?
Is it wise for a 42-year-old to lift weights every other day, skipping one day to rest and doing a leg day twice a week?
What workout top for guys was in during 1996?
What is the future of yoga?
How far can a person go with body weight exercises?
Which exercise can I do when I am following a diet?
What modality of fitness training makes you the leanest? (Assuming you have a clean nutrition plan).
What's the difference between being fit and going to the gym?
Can I see a notably ripped physique if I box 5 times a week up to 4months? Currently I'm 72kg with 21% body fat.
How much do seniors workout on average?
Do push-ups help in increasing our body strength to be able to lift heavier weights?
Is exercise good for hypothyroidism?
How do I get wider hips without making my thighs and calves grow fat/muscular? If I stopped doing the excercizes, would my legs get back to normal?
How does exercise help addiction?
Is 153 sit-ups a good record for a 13-year-old?
After five months of lifting, I'm defined but without mass. I've stopped running and I try to eat more. What's the best way for me to gain mass?
Is it better to do 100 push-ups in a row or 25 four times throughout the day?
What will happen if one does a lot of cardio and no weight training?
As a 14-year-old female starting to go out on 20-minute runs and basic fitness exercises semi-daily, what changes should I be expecting or noticing?
Does being tired after nine hours of sleep, following 30 minutes of exercise, indicate that one is unfit?
How can I lose fat and build lean muscle without counting macros?
Is it safe to take fat burner while workout?
Is it possible to break someone’s hand with a handshake?
Will I lose my gains if I train only one muscle group per week?
How can I measure the calories burned in 10,000 steps?
I will be going to France (Strasbourg for 12 days and 3 days in Paris) this next weekend. Is 800 euros enough for my 2-week stay? I've already paid for my hotels.
What exercises can I do to strengthen my anus?
Does exercise alter the chemicals in the brain?
Are squats good for knees?
What are some good funk guitar exercises?
What are the disadvantages of push-ups and pull-ups?
What are some home remedies to stay fit?
How can I go from not being physically active at all to being able to do specific exercises?
How can I do the bear crawl exercise?
Does pure physical labor build muscle better than weight lifting?
What are the best exercices for a setter?
How can a skinny 16 year old guy start getting in shape with just a pair of dumbbells, a pull up bar, and a treadmill?
What is the relationship between reps, strength and mass?
How do I build muscle in 6 months?
How often do you get a runner’s high?
Is there anything I can do for shoulder injuries to get by without stopping I am 50 and been working out 4 days a week?
How can I tone my arm muscles? How can I increase my muscle mass in my arms?
Can I lose belly fat, butt and thighs fat with diet only and no special exercise?
Will full body workouts everyday weaken or strengthen muscle?
Can I walk and go to the gym everyday?
What does it mean to be curvy and fit?
What workout routine can I do 3/4 times a week with just an adjustable weight dumbell (up to 105 on each) and a pull up bar?
Does heavy lifting increase punching power?
How do I get lean at 5"1' and 22 years old?
Do core exercises like squats or the farmer's walk help people lose weight/exhaust excess calories, or are there entirely different sets of exercises for that?
Should I use sweat belt to reduce my belly fat?
How do swimmers get such ripped bodies?
When is the best time to exercise, morning or night?
How often should I do very heavy deadlifts for strength?
Is it possible for me to run a sub 20 minute 5k?
Will having sex 4 to 5 times a week stop me from gaining muscle mass even though I train right?
What type of yoga is core power yoga?
What can I eat before gym in the morning?
How can I decrease my weight from 65 to 55 kg without boring physical exercise?
How do I get/convince a very overweight friend of mine to go on a diet or to workout?
How many hours should I workout at the gym to put off 5kg of weight?
How does Prozac affect exercise performance?
Is it necessary to have a perfect, flat stomach? Is there any necessity for a little fat over the stomach for men?
Is it true that when you do squats you will have a big booty?
What should I focus on in calisthenics being 6′7″?
Will squatting alone get you huge legs?
While doing dumbbell curls, should my arm be straight or bent? Should I engage my triceps while finishing a rep or keep my arm bent to keep the strain on it?
Why can't I lift my legs during planche?
What is the time duration between Parayam and yoga?
What are the most effective leg workouts I can do at home to burn fat and tone my legs?
How can I stay fit and healthy at home without going gym?
How many hours should I practice programming to avoid burning out?
Will going beltless for heavy deadlifts (1-3 reps) work my abs more?
How much should I workout each day as ateen?
What is a good time to do workouts?
If I do the same exercise for 30 minutes a day on consecutive days will the amount of calories I burn remain constant or decrease over time?
After a tibia open fracture, some part of my leg became numb due to a nerve injury. When will I gain sense back?
Is it possible to increase one’s chest from 70 to 81 in 4 to 5 months? How much does one need to workout?
When working out a particular muscle group, should I take a 3 day gap or a 5 day gap, before hitting that muscle again?
Who experiences an issue when working on math or chemistry problems where each question takes an incredibly long time to work out?
When doing standard push-ups, does it matter if your elbows flare out when you go down?
Would one have any advantage by attaching (20-50kg) weights to the body, arms and legs and living with them 24/7, and releasing them just before sports matches?
How long after initiating a more strenuous exercise program might I enjoy increased energy levels w/o a need for additional sleep?
I get chills after running. Should I be worried?
Can I do light/moderate cardio while bulking?
What is the difference between pick and lift?
Is there any breathing exercise I can do after having a meal to improve digestion?
What would be a training program for the whole body if I will hit the gym 3-4 times a week? I want to look like David Goggins.
What should Men wear during workout in GYM?
What are examples of cardio intense activities?
Why are there fake colors, dyes, and fillers in my pre-workout "health" supplement?
What are some good exercises to get rid of thick hips?
Do my body muscles decrease if I don’t go to the gym for days?
What are the best exercise machines in Planet Fitness?
How do I use honey on workout?
Is it all right to eat before exercising?
How do I burn body fat fast in a gym?
Can I build my body like an athlete with just body weight?
What are the best exercises to build a thick lower back?
Why do muscles ache the next morning after a sauna?
Is jumping on a trampoline good exercise?
What is a good gym to work out at (preferably with a pool) in Norrkoping, Sweden?
Where can I get plain longline gym vests online?
How can you exercise in your bedroom?
What are the risks of performing aerial yoga at home?
I am 14 years old and I have asthma, so it's hard to exercise without pushing myself too hard. How can I lose weight without hurting myself?
How do I strengthen and increase my wrists (not the forearms)?
Does doing high intensity sprints reduce the muscles?
What are some examples of aerobic and anaerobic exercises?
How many of you have lost weight by doing yoga?
Which freehand exercise should I do to gain muscle in the lower body i.e, thighs, calfs and butt?
What could help people maintain their muscle strength during a weeks long hospitalization?
Can I start yoga without the guidance of a master?
Can I do yoga if I’m overweight? Where do I find tips for doing yoga?
I'm a vegetarian who started going to gym. How do I increase my body mass and what should my diet be?
How many calories does a female Olympic gymnast burn in a day?
How does yoga help you to lose weight despite not using weights, much movement, or tiring physical activity?
I have a skinny fat body. Can I develop muscles at the age of 34?
Why do we feel fatigued before going for a workout?
What are some of the best jaw relaxing exercises?
Is there a gym in NIT Silchar, with weights to lift for bodybuilding?
What are some good exercise for teen boys for whole body?
What exercise one should do to lose 40 kgs of weight?
What would happen if I missed a whole week of workout?
Can you build a great body by working out at home?
How hard is it (considering the effect of earth’s gravity) to do weight lifting in an elevator moving upwards?
Which place is best for a morning workout, indoors or outdoors, in Laxmi Nagar?
How would you design a fat burning fitness program for someone new to exercise?
How soon can you exercise after pericarditis?
If one can do 50 push-ups in one go, what does it tell us about his/her physical state?
How do I lose weight without dieting or cutting out my favorite foods, or exercising?
How can I build my pecs and abs from home in two days?
Can I build muscle in one month?
How can I build my chest if I'm skinny?
What happens to your body when you jog and go to the gym on a daily basis?
If you can lift yourself up, can you lift your own weight?
What exercises can I do to improve my reflexes?
How do exercise bikes help people lose weight?
What happens when a slightly obese man decrease his daily food intake by about ⅓rd and does regular weight exercise?
Why don't more people take ice baths after exercising?
Why can’t I lose weight even after brisk walking?
How do you acquire motivation/discipline in college, exercising, and work?
Is training with a bin bag or sauna suit a good idea to control water weight when training for a fight?
How do we even walk?
How can I distract myself from gym workouts to office work?
Why do we feel headache after working out in summers?
Are a fast walk and a brisk walk the same thing?
I am seventeen years old fat girl, should I join the gym?
How do I lose 40 kgs in 6 months without going to a gym, by doing exercise at home and running?
How many days does it take to lose 40kg of my body weight by going to the gym regularly? What food diet should be followed? How do you tackle the body pain?
In a strength-focused weight training program, what is the best way to incorporate cardio work into your weekly routine?
How many miles did you walk this week and why?
Is it really important to wear a hat in the sun while running?
Is there any gym near CET, Bhubaneswar?
How do I build a strong mindset?
How long should you fast if you're trying to lose the most weight possible in the shortest amount of time?
How do I build leg muscles with light weight barbell squat?
Can I train in boxing or a street workout after my rotator cuff surgery? I will have to repair my other shoulder too, after recovering from this one. I am 21.
Is it possible to go to a gym fully decked in knight armor?
How do I maintain my muscle mass and strength with just calisthenics if I am unable to go to a gym for 2 weeks?
Will planking at random times help me get slightly leaner if I did it everyday?
Will there be any side effects if I sleep just after my morning exercise in the summer?
Can I build an aesthetic body without using weights and any equipment?
Is lifting weights enough to build my abs?
In what ways are the effects of caffeine and exercise similar and different?
What are the best and easiest dishes for an obese person looking to begin losing 20kg of fat? I’m looking to lose weight before exercising.
What is a cycle of meditation, yoga and exercises?
How did you gain your muscle mass? What did you eat and how did you train?
Will short bursts of jump roping and sprinting increase my leg strength and endurance for MMA?
Has anyone tried doing yoga/stretching after getting high on cannabis? I've been experimenting with this for a few months and I find it is highly effective.
Am I suppose to have my shoulders/arms completely relaxed when I walk or lift them slightly higher?
How do I start the process of being healthier and exercising?
What yoga posture helps with a hiatal hernia?
How can I get people in the door to my new gym?
I’m only 13. Is it possible to run 800 meters in 2 minutes and 30 seconds?
For people who work in the night shift, how do they exercise to build the body (e.g. to have have six-pack abs)?
How do I prevent steps being counted by my pedometer while I am driving?
Can you give me a list of military exercises and how many of each to do?
How can a girl reduce the weight of her thighs?
How can we use the Accenture gym in the morning or evening during working hours? Will our boss allow us to go?
Why do I get chills after running?
Are there any yoga classes in Udupi?
What exercises can I do at home to build muscle?
How effective is the legs, bums and tums workout?
What should be my workout plan if I am skinny and just want to look good in shirts & T-shirts? I can’t lift heavy and I have limited time & protein.
For badminton, what are the most effective exercises you can practice by yourself?
Is it feasible to cycle cutting and bulking much more frequently?
How do I gain back my stamina after not running for a while?
What are some arm workouts you can do without equipment?
What is the use of doing 100 ab crunches everyday?
Is going to a gym the best way to get in shape? Or can you get in shape by just using your own body and minimal equipment?
How do I maintain my fitness and a healthy body?
Do you think I can get a full time front desk job at Planet Fitness if I'm not necessarily fit?
What is the simplest exercise/workout that is effective?
Are people generally attracted to people who are similar to themselves? If I want to date someone who’s physically fit, should I become fit, myself?
How can I increase my running stamina from 1 mile in 10 minutes to 1 mile in 6 minutes within 4 days?
Why is GoodLife Fitness so popular?
How much time should I do skipping to reduce tummy fat?
Under what situation should the weight of the lift be considered when a person is inside the lift?
How can I organise my notebook and the exercise solving on tests?
Is it good to take glucose D during pre-workout?
How do I use straps while doing a front barbell squat?
Can you suggest some motivational workout songs?
Can you suggest a 30 day challenge to lose weight and organize life?
Which one is better for health, swimming or running? And how?
What should I eat before an insane workout?
What are the most essential exercises a non-baseball player should focus on in order to start playing?
How soon is it safe for you to exercise after an asthma attack?
Which one should I do first, between gym and jogging?
How do you choose a jump rope for general exercising?
How can I get motivated to practice running and get fit as a teenager?
How do I gain lean muscle mass without fat?
Is it best to meditate before or after exercise in the morning (and why)?
Can I exercise while fasting in the month of Ramadan?
What is the best way to approach weight training for a man over 60?
I'm wimpy, thin and bad at lifting weights. I tried pretty hard, but all my workout partners ditched me. Should I just go to the gym by myself?
Why does walking always give me tightness in the lower back muscles?
What would have been the male equivalent of women's workout gear and neon during 1990 to 1991?
How much protein does the body require if you do a daily heavy workout?
Which technique is best to gain muscle size, more reps with low weights or less reps with high weights?
As a body builder working towards achieving muscle mass, is it ok to have sex 4 to 5 times a week?
What do you think about muscle (body) building and cognitive development (brain building), are these two mutually exclusive?
Will hanging on a pullup bar for 30 minutes make you insanely tall?
How can I my keep my muscles stiff?
Why can't I run at all?
What if I trek a hill every morning instead of going to the gym?
Is working your way out with exercises, not appropriate during your period bubs?
Being a JEE aspirant I have limited time. How should I keep myself fit provided that I have cervical and back pain?
Can I start bodybuilding at 40?
What are some names of aerobic, facultative anaerobic, and anaerobic fungi?
Do you lift weights primarily to get stronger? Or more muscular?
Will my dog get ripped if I make it workout?
Should women do chest weight training at the gym?
What kind of exercise do I need to follow to reduce belly fat? My height is 170 cm and I weigh 96 kg. What can I do to reduce fat?
How do fitness centers like Crunch/Planet Fitness stay fresh smelling even with groups of sweaty people?
Why do some pains (e.g., the pain in the body after an intense workout, or when you are mentally hurt, or when you rub your gums together) feel good?
Are fitness programs worth it?
I'm weightlifting 4 days a week and including 5-7 serving of fruits and veggies daily, does taking a multivitamin beside considered much?
What is the strength and risk in the building industry?
I'm an active person that trains CrossFit about 6-7 times week. How many calories may I take in daily?
What scaled down movements do you practice to increase your pull ups?
How long does it usually takes to add another inch on muscles with weighted bodyweight exercises?
I want to build my body, but I can't be always eating. Is it worth it? Should I expect results?
Exercise makes my belly more fat instead of flat. Why?
How do I get into the habit of exercising?
Is there a name for exercises (routines) that don't require squatting/bending down?
How can I increase my chest​ size in only ten days?
Why does Christianity have an issue with yoga?
Are you wasting money on pre-workout?
What should I do to progress in daily Hindu squats, having reached 70 almost every other day?
What is the best way to gain muscle without losing weight?
How can I increase my fitness in the gym to lose weight faster?
What are the best exercises for my legs?
What is Buti Yoga and how is it different from more traditional forms of Yoga?
How healthy are runners compared to fit and healthy people who exercise but don't run?
For a beginner, is it better to use your own body weight or lift weights?
Should I stretch before or after my workout?
Can someone chart out a schedule for me to get back in shape and get a nice physique?
What is the best home exercise app for male?
Why do swimmers have such nice upper bodies?
Why do some yoga masters have big bellies?
If I do at least 200 squats a day for 10 days, will I see any results in my butt?
Is it bad to do extra cardio in the morning & later hit the gym in the evening that includes weights & cardio?
Is it good to eat a boiled egg before my workout?
Is there any specific exercise to reduce cholesterol?
How can I build my body to be like Arnold’s?
Is swimming a good exercise to cure knock knees?
Assuming willpower and pain are non-factors, what is the most efficient way to acquire physical fitness overall?
What muscles do side lunges work out, and why?
Is the protein taken from meals throughout the day enough to sustain you for a night workout?
If you could only have one fitness/exercise machine, would it be a rowing machine, cycling machine, or something else?
I get nosebleeds 1-3 times per week. Should I see a doctor and what should I take to help it?
Are drugs more effective when you're physically fit?
Is there any actual advantage or disadvantage of having eight pack abs or four pack abs rather than six?
What exercises should one do on the first day of gym?
Can I grow lean muscle mass at home?
What are the best things to eat when one is gymming?
How can I get a noticeable amount of more flexibility in one week?
I had lost weight on my upper body and thighs except my belly! What kind of exercise should I focus on now?
Will doing 30 wide shoulder push-ups daily have a good result?
How do women become muscular by working out without testosterone?
What is the most efficient way to get a nice chest at home other than push-ups?
What is the best abs workout for visible abs when you have 12% and below of fat?
What are some tips for beginner joggers?
What is a simple yet rewarding and effective exercise routine that I can do in the morning?
How important is nutrition when lifting heavy weights?
Is doing a one-hour continuous workout better or is it better to do a 20-minute workout 3-times a day?
Should I workout if my upper ankle hurts?
How can astronauts run on the treadmill if there is no gravity?
Will doing 40 jumping jacks, 30 crunches, 20 squats, and 10 pushups actually burn 100 calories?
What is the best and easiest way to get in shape?
What's a good diet and exercise to have to get ready for basic training?
How do I gain face fat if I go to the gym on a regular basis?
As a gym owner, what is the best step to take after finding out a client has been diagnosed as anorexic?
Are my running times good?
Why is it very bad if your body lays down all day? Why is it important to bend or stretch?
Why can't I increase my strength even though I go to the gym regularly?
I run every day. I weigh 105 lbs. How much will I lose?
What fat burning exercises should I do, if I have early stage varicose veins?
Can I do gym twice a day?
Does running significantly increase intelligence?
Who is the best female fitness model in the USA?
How do you workout and eat during Ramadan?
Can reducing butt fat change the shape of men’s hips?
What should I do first, running or exercise?
Could I develop a lot strength in two years training five days a week?
Does a gym give strength?
What is the best way to go from flabby legs to toned legs?
My calves will not grow. What is some advice?
Do I need a gym membership in order to lose fat and gain muscle?
Why is my butt muscle painful despite no workout?
What are some effective exercises to help grow and define your calf muscles?
It takes Kevin 5 minutes to jog once around a circular track that has a diameter of 400 meters. About how many meters per minute is Kevin jogging?
When you take methadone for pain, can you exercise again?
How many push-ups can we do so that there will be no side effects?
In what order should one train strength and endurance?
How good is it to bench every day?
Does a 13 year old girl have to go to the gym 4 times a week to maintain weight?
Will stretching to increase hip flexibility help increase my vertical jump?
Should I perform yoga under AC?
What are some high intensity interval training exercises for someone with an injured ankle?
What should my breathing be like during weightlifting?
Will running every morning and push ups every night get me in shape in 3 months?
How do people know how many calories they burn a day?
Is it bad to have different workouts ever other day?
How do you calculate the equivalent weights you are pushing when you are cycling?
Why do I type faster after I've exercised?
How do I reduce body fat and gain muscle? What are some foods and workouts to accomplish this?
How can I get started weightlifting?
Will doing squats develop calves?
Which hand grippers should I buy?
What's a good exercise to reduce belly fat and obtain a toned stomach, besides the obvious crunches?
How do I decrease weight without doing any exercises?
Where can I buy a stepper for calf raises?
If you had a virtual platform at your fingertips to give you guidance on nutrition/training/yoga/Pilates/etc., would you use it?
Will running help tone my abs?
How do you learn how to master an aerial hoop?
If you had to sprint or run distance, which would you do?
If the unathletic male with a big belly loses weight due to stretching and exercises, will he be able to learn & practice parkour and martial arts?
Is working out twice a day for 2 weeks equivalent to working out once for a whole month for fat loss?
How good are spin classes for you?
Is it okay to drink one litre of milk? I am 18 years old, and workout twice a day.
What are some good workout videos for a man in his 50's to lose weight?
What is the simplest, most effective bodyweight workout routine that I can do daily to get a Greek god figure?
What are the best-kept secrets about exercise, fitness, body building, and working out?
With a torn meniscus, what body weight exercises can I do? I have been using kettlebells, but I don't want to cause any more damage.
Which algorithm is used by applications to count calories burned? How do treadmills and other gym machines count calories burned?
Should I consume Glucon-D after cardio, if I am trying to get rid of fat?
What are negatives for chin-ups?
Would a recumbent bike result in big calf muscles?
What should I study at the university? I am into yoga and Pilates.
Is it OK to have sex after a workout?
Should I workout or study first after school?
What do handstands exercise?
What exercises would you recommend to get in shape for surfing?
How are some Indian wrestlers and Pahalwans in akhadas able to maintain muscular arms and shoulders while still having some visible belly fat?
What can an overweight, out-of-shape, 30-year-old do to get and stay in better shape?
How can I reduce my waist by skipping?
How do I live healthy, younger and safe without doing any exercise?
How do I start a home gym and earn money?
Does the Fat Cutter, suggested by Vivek Mittal on his YouTube channel Fit Tuber, work if I am not doing any physical exercise?
How do I keep myself motivated to exercise and stick to a diet?
What are the benefits of a treadmill compared to those of a StairMaster?
Why do spinners don't take a run up?
Is it possible to improve eye sight (myopia) by following any diet or any exercise. If yes, then how?
How do I get rid of a receding chin?
Should I still workout my chest if it is sore?
How do I exercise?
Which exercise is preferable for a 17-year-old beginner?
When you lose several pounds of fat by way of exercising, where do all those extra pounds go?
What is the best fitness method to get stronger over a span of 2 months?
Have you ever felt more tired than usual during a resting time while not working out?
I'm female and 50 yrs. I have bat wings at both hands. What exercise do I do?
Can I lose weight if I can't leave tea, oil and snacks? If so, how?
How do you know when an exercise pain is the kind that strengthens vs. the pain that leads to injury?
Is it okay to train twice per body part per week?
Is lifting heaving weights at the age of 16 harmful? If yes, what studies prove this?
Can I drink a lot of water just after a gym workout?
Will lifting heavy weights or less weight help for chest-building?
Why are my legs constantly aching until my next sleep even after a little bit of running?
Why is walking considered a good exercise?
At what height from the ground should I place the pull up bar?
How do I calculate macros and calories?
How do I avoid being left out of gym basketball?
Where can I find a great step aerobics class in the East Bay (Oakland, Ca)?
Is it good to run and do workouts if you have kidney stones?
Once you've run an ultramarathon, does running shorter distances (5-10 miles) feel easy?
Is there a tendency for women to let themselves go after 20 (stop exercising and eating proportionally)?
I'm an out of shape 20 year old male with mild asthma and am a bit fat in the stomach - would I be accepted into basic physical training?
Should people do weightlifting even if they train in other sports?
Can anyone challenge me in any kind of workout?
Can a girl start playing physical sport, like wrestling or weightlifting, at the age of 25, with the aim of winning medals?
Is nude yoga good for teens?
Can people with a simple kidney cyst work out at the gym and lift weights?
Should I jog and do workout (at the same time in the evening) or should I start with jogging in the morning and do workout or exercise in evening?
What are the ways to promote group fitness classes?
How do I stop being a guy trying to fit in and become a good kid, get good grades, and get fit?
How can I get fit, healthy, strong and skinny as a teenager?
What are some healthy food habits and exercises for full time working professionals to lose weight?
What can pilates do for your body?
Do pelvic muscles exercises really work for men?
What is fitness? Can a person be called fit by looking at his physique or is it the probability of him experiencing fatigue at the time of action?
What kind of stretches are preferable in the morning, static or dynamic?
What are general mistakes while doing squats?
Is a single mile in 8 minutes for a 5'7" 44-year-old male with a 28 BMI and a stocky build a good time?
Will lifting anything up make my arms get bigger?
What happens if you work out frequently?
Which are the best exercises for overall growth of the body of a 15-year-old boy?
Can you take an Ultracet tablet for body pains due to a heavy workout?
Does doing pushups and crunches affect height growth?
What is the minimum number of days a beginner (slightly unfit) must work out to gain little biceps?
Which exercise is good for growing taller by 1 inch within 35 days? I am 17 years old.
What do you think of my fitness routine?
Are there any body weight excercises for biceps and triceps?
What is the fastest way to burn 700 calories?
Should I workout by doing calisthenics/bodyweight training or by running as a teenager?
Should I continue training my chest?
What is a daily workout that can lead to getting a 6-pack before June?
What is better: a push/pull split or a body part split?
How do I lose arm fat without bulking up?
What is a body weight workout plan for 45 days that would leave me with a 6 pack?
What are some good Chinese eye exercises?
Which is better: diamond push ups or shoulder push ups?
What’s a good routine for a full workout at home?
What's your favorite fitness or fitness-related cliché?
Realistically, how much weight in muscle can I put on in a month?
I had a massive heart attack. How can I lose weight? I don't know about lifting weights. Is this safe as I do have a defibrillator/pace maker.
If I eat like a pig and lift heavy weights, will I gain muscle faster than if I babied my nutrition and didn't get enough excess calories?
What is the difference between a morning walk and going to the gym? Which one should be preferred, and why?
I had a leg workout two days ago and it still hurts to lock my knees and flex my quads. Is this bad?
What are some absorbing hobbies I can do at home? I have struggled my whole life with being bored at home. I read, exercise, and play backgammon.
Is group pilates class safe and effective in the gym?
What are the benefits of jumping rope for losing weight?
What sort of workout can I do for basketball with a limited amount of time?
Is doing thirty 1-minute sessions of exercise per day as beneficial as doing one 30-minute session per day?
How long should I stay in gym?
What is the best form of functional exercise?
What happens when we drink after a gym work out? Is it good or bad for us?
Will you see results faster if you lift weights everyday or every other day?
Which is best, walking, jogging, swimming, cycling, skipping, running, going to the gym or doing yoga?
How do I get a ripped body without going to the gym?
Which is the best fitness band under 1500?
How can I exercise my Great Dane without having to take her for a walk?
How do I know that the exercises I do are in fact burning calories, and not just giving me sore muscles, or does sore muscles mean that I have burnt calories?
If I smoke before exercising, will I increase endurance?
What is the best thing to eat right after working out?
How can I increase my strength?
What is the function of the muscles in one’s arm and legs?
How do you motivate yourself to exercise when you're already happy with the way you look?
Why does your body fat % go up with heavy weight training?
Which are the best books related to physical strength and body building?
What kinds of foods should I eat at school before going to the gym?
How many times in a week should I train my chest in order for it to get bigger?
Does Eckerd have a nice gym or exercise facility?
Which one is better for losing weight without any adverse effects on the body, 1 hour of swimming or 1 hour at the gym?
How can I lose 10 pounds in 3 weeks without exercising?
How do I do cardio exercise at home without equipment and increase stamina?
How can anyone overcome plateau in muscle development and strength?
Once my abs become visible and muscular, will it be hard to maintain them that way?
Can we train forearms with arms?
Does walking help build running stamina?
Can I successfully recomp my body with solely yoga?
Can I do wholesaling in New Jersey without a real estate agent license?
How often do you Squat and Deadlift?
The only thing I’m good at is lifting weights. How can I get paid doing what I’m only good at?
Is there a good body weight exercise which complements push ups (i.e. Develops different muscle groups like biceps)?
What is the best exercise to lose weight, jogging or brisk walking?
Will playing badminton for 20 minutes everyday help reduce weight?
How do I grip the bar on a back squat?
What is the most appropriate exercise to lose weight if you have thyroid irritation?
How can I increase the strength of my triceps?
Can I join a gym for increasing my height?
Can you help me with a diet and exercise plan to lose 15kg in a healthy way?
Is it a good idea to do pushups in the standing position?
What's the best app for running? I'm doing interval training on hills and runs on greenbelts between mapped streets, and this confuses Strava.
I’m starting my workout and wonder how many days/weeks it will be until I can see muscle growth?
What are the best exercise machines to workout for the forearm?
Which would be better for getting sixpack, full body circuit or abs exercises with cardio?
Is it possible for a skinny woman to gain some muscles within a month?
Is it true that Dwayne Johnson works out at 4am?
How do I get veiny abs?
How are jumping jacks good for you?
Do I lose my muscle gains while doing a constant run for 15 mins and after that lifting weights?
What is the best way of acquiring a good body physique if you are thin?
Will there be any changes if I don’t go to the gym for 20 days?
Do you consider having sex to be an exercise?
Can we take ProteinX without doing a workout?
If you do 20 push ups every day for 3 months, how much fat would you lose in your chest area?
How can I decrease my body weight and fat and make muscle while doing workout at the gym? (Currently I am overweight and I am a pure vegetarian.)
How can I work out to exercise my weak wrists and forearms to make them very strong ones?
What is the best HIIT training routine for a 17-year-old aiming to lose weight at the gym?
How can we install weight sensors in a robatic arm?
What's Brett Lee's workout?
I slammed my deltoid muscle on a door. Can I lift weights with a bruised deltoid muscle? It doesn't hurt when I lift.
What is the purpose of aerobic exercises?
Does badminton count as a mild strength training exercise?
What are your motivational methods for exercising?
Is it necessary to take protein powder when doing a gym workout?
Is lifting weights enough to burn fat?
Running on tread mill is not good for knees but why sports persons get train on tread mill?
How do I lose belly fat without going to the gym? It would be great if workout schedules along with diet plans could be shared.
Can anyone stay fit while sleeping for at least 4 hours, by doing exercises and meditation?
What are some good biceps workouts at the gym?
How do I be fit (I mean have power not concern with muscles)?
Will I be stronger than an average person after losing weight if I do body weight exercises while I am fat?
Are there any exercises that help compensate for torn ACLs?
How is doing pushups on mountains in low oxygen different from doing them near sea level?
How can I lose fat as quick as possible?
Are there any good gym exercises to improve sitting posture?
Does exercising push ups and muscle building exercises but not weight lifting will stunt my height growth?
What are the dos and don’ts for somebody who wants to start running to stay fit?
How can I improve my cardio for boxing?
What should I do if my recruiter gave me false information to push me to sign up for the army?
What do people do to get flat abs?
After six months of delivery via a c-section, can I join a gym?
How can I build a six-pack without going to gym?
Is it a good idea for a short thin guy to work out?
What can Pilates do for you and your body?
What do I eat to build my abs? I already lift weights.
Are fit Nordic skiers (cross country) more fit than fit professional high altitude mountaineers?
Is there any 4 day (or less) work out plans for irregular (shifts fall on different days every week) work schedules?
If someone gave you $20 to dance for 30 minutes, would you do it?
When should we drink a banana milkshake: after exercise or before exercise?
What are the workouts to lose weight on a rowing machine?
What time of day is the best time to do a workout, i.e., weight training, or does it not make any difference?
Is it possible to increase “body width” for a 16-year-old?
Should you look out on the Leg press?
What is the best app to find people to go workout with?
What gym exercises should a fast bowler do? Should it be light weight heavy reps or heavy weight light reps?
What ab exercises are bad for your back?
If I go to the gym for 2 hours for 3 days a week for 3 months, can I become reasonably thin by late ausgust starting tomorrow?
Can you do fat burning and muscle building simultaneously?
What muscles do jump squats work?
How do I get motivated for exercise?
What would happen if I had a cup of black coffee (without sugar) before running or jogging?
Do I need to lift heavy weights in order to get a body like these?
The more I work out my biceps, the more my veins disappear. Is this normal?
How much running and physical fitness is done in the Russian conscript basic training? Is there a final test they must pass?
How long should it take to run 5 km?
Why does my running stamina fluctuate whereby I can run longer distances on some days but on other days I cannot run even half the length?
I took a spin class this morning and my knee started hurting after about 5-10 minutes. What was I doing wrong?
Where can I find help with anaerobic exercises and G-training?
Why do we call Tse Mudra the exercise of three secrets?
Is going to the gym bad for your singing?
How important is strength to endurance?
What is the best way to lose 12 pounds in 2 weeks?
Which is the best intra workout drink?
Can anyone help me with a skit idea on yoga day?
If someone fell off a treadmill in front of you, would you help?
Is it possible to build a muscular body without eating 5 small meals a day, considering I am not a fitness model but a professional working 9-5?
Which yoga poses and exercises can induce high intraocular pressure in the eyes?
Is one or two Snickers between healthy meals of meat and vegetables while working out regularly okay if I want to gain more muscle with little fat?
What's the best treatment/exercise for a dual diagnosis of costochondritis and shoulder impingement with associated upper back pain?
What should I get to get lean, whey protein or BCAA? I want to get lean and also lose 5 kg of weight.
Where can I get 1 minute and 5 minutes candlestick charts?
How do I get really big muscles at home without gym equipment?
What's the best way to gain upper body mass without gaining lower body mass?
What are the best exercises to get a very lean body during Ramadan?
How do you breathe when you go jogging?
What are people’s thoughts on the Athelean-Rx post-workout supplement?
Can I lose weight with regular body building gym equipments?
Is walking 5 stories up equal to 2 km of walking?
Hi Everyone, tell me some work-out at home?
Is it dangerous to exercise on a day you haven't consumed much salt?
What are some good body-weight exercises to get infantry-style fit?
How do I gain fat and muscle in certain areas with exercise?
Should I buy a fitness band?
What daily exercises can improve my writing?
What is the best way to increase muscle recovery time after a tough workout so you can continue exercising shortly after?
Which age is right for joining a gym?
What's the best way to train for or row for 2 hours?
Why do some people have plump thighs and some don't? What is the point of having fat thighs when you’re fit?
What is the best yoga exercise for excess weight loss?
How effective is the Revoflex Xtreme for core body exercises?
Does general exercise help RSI write injury from coding?
How can I increase muscle size and strength with bodyweight training or by lifting everyday objects (bags instead of barbells, etc)?
It has been three weeks since I started running, but still I have knee pain when I try to run. How can I cure this?
Does that strong lift 5x5 program really work for people trying to get back in shape?
A box suspended by a rope is pulled to one side by a horizontal force. The tension on the rope increases. Why is it so?
Is it normal to lose control of your body when stretching?
About physical fitness, are you physically fit? Are there any athletic goals you want to achieve? What are your personal goals to stay healthy?
What exercises can I do when I am suffering from a slipped disc?
Alternately I do cardio and strength training. I also do 1 hour of yoga before my workout twice a week and 1 hour after my workout three times a week. Is it alright?
Is it normal to not sweat during a workout?
After eating, how long should one wait before working out?
Does penile traction exercise and other exercises for penis enlargement work?
How should I approach women after group cardio gym sessions?
Which methods of exercise have you found to be most enjoyable and helpful?
If I worked out 5 hours ago and wanted to have a few mixed drinks (likely 3-5 shots worth) would it significantly reduce my muscle growth?
What physical fitness level is required for wireless PSI?
Is it possible to gain good eyesight from eye exercises like so many people say it is?
What do you feel when seeing Suresh Raina seemingly being out of shape with a big tummy? Shouldn't he taken care of his fitness?
How would doing 10 push ups and sit-ups a day affect my body?
What are thw exercises to cure knock knees?
What are some ways to stretch a tight latissimus dorsi?
How many calories does doing a plank burn?
Why do those who do cardio most of the time yet very minimal weight lifting still build muscles and a nice body?
After building muscle, can I maintain it by doing body weight exercises?
How does one prepare an allergy-friendly, fat-burning meal?
What's so bad about Planet Fitness?
Can we do gym in the early morning every day at AIT Pune in the first year?
What are some best music tracks for jogging?
What kind of bodybuilding regime and diet must I take if I have mild reflux and acidity problems?
What is the damage to your body if you sweat profusely from exercise every day?
How should I get back into being active? Should I jump right back into lifting and running or should I start with something easier?
How can you perform aerial yoga at home?
What are some good hand strengthening exercises for bar chords?
Does cardio make you lose muscle?
How do I get skinny without exercising?
How do I fit 3 strength workouts for the entire body except the legs, a 60km jog/march and 1 swim in a week?
Can we gain six-pack abs by doing bodyweight exercises?
Does losing weight help with push-ups?
Does working out in the gym fight depression?
What are some examples of men's workout gear in 1990-1991?
What is a good body weight workout schedule for a 7-Day period?
What is the best fitness center in the USA?
Does jumping rope create calf muscles and are they safe to use if I’m 40 ?
How many hours is best to work out a muscle part when training to achieve muscle mass?
Is it okay to do a wholebody workout everyday?
How can I push myself to go to the gym every day?
I dislocated my knee. What exercises can I do?
What does Snap Fitness cost?
What exercises can an obese person do?
How long does it take to lose a good amount of weight using the treadmill nearly every day?
Is spinning 60-90 mins per day enough for noticeable results?
How important is exercise for PhD students?
What are the best techniques to develop strong forearms?
Will cardio improve my endurance and stamina?
Does doing sit-ups on a bed make them easier to do and thus making them less effective?
Why can I do more pull-ups but less chin-ups?
What is the best fitness routine for teenagers?
Which is the best Resistance bend exercise for men?
Which is your favorite workout wear?
Is it more beneficial to do a 1 minute or 2 minute farmer's walk?
At 23% body fat and 155 lbs, what is more important for me in gaining abs, cardio or ab workouts?
Can I change from gym to online gym in the middle of the school year?
Is jogging in place a good exercise?
How can I loose 7-8 kgs weight in 15 days?
Will there be a problem if I do weight training for full five days a week?
Is it possible to get a strong jawline with facial exercises?
What body parts should I exercise to become a lead guitarist?
Which is better, 300 burpees or 100 push-ups, 100 sit-ups, and 100 squats?
How many calories are burnt in 2000 counts of rope skipping?
What are the most effective exercises for writers?
International Yoga day 2017, how is it relevant for us?
How often can forearms be strength trained?
What are the benefits of attending fitness classes?
My G.I. Bill benefits will run out before I use it all. I did over 90 days of active duty in 2012. How do I reset the timer and extend my benefits?
What are some short and long-term exercise goals?
Is working 1.5 hours on push/pull/leg program considering too long?
How can I gain muscle in my upper body as a competitive swimmer?
I have been following some of the workouts suggested by you and lost close to 20lbs. How do I change my workout now to build a six pack?
Should I squat everyday if I want a bigger butt?
What does fitness mean to you and how do you want to achieve it?
Can you use muscle stimulation in place of actual exercise?
Is a workout still effective if I rest between the exercises?
How do I get sponsored in the fitness industry?
What is the best way to improve myself (in running)?
How does a chiropractor treat muscle imbalances without exercises?
What is the best workout method in 2 months?
How can I increase my stamina for running and the gym?
Why do four cable cars travel together in Jeita Grotto? How is the weight balanced? Will there be high tension on the rope?
If you take steroids and do not exercise, what happens?
Why do cramps develop after vigorous exercise?
What are your motivations for getting up early, even on the weekends, doing 1 task or taking exercises every day for 1 year?
Where can I find good physics exercises to practise?
What is the best way to loss fat and maintain muscle?
What is the supplement to lose weight fast?
Should you stretch before you workout in a gym?
What is the fastest way to burn 500 calories fast?
Is sleeping good after exercise?
How do I start to workout? I am 20 years old, weight is 75 kilos, height is 5'9″, and have 34″ waist, and I don't do any workouts right now.
Why has yoga practice become popular recently? Why are there different methods of yoga?
How do I make people aware about the benefits of working out?
How come the gym is always busy in May and will it ever slow down?
What are the benefits of stretching before and after workout?
What is the ultimate mental workout?
What are some diet and exercise programs that will allow a skinny woman to get curves?
What are some muscle building exercises at work place?
Why do you have numbness on your thumbs after working out?
Is it good to eat an apple and a banana after exercising or does it just add fats into my body?
How do I build muscle at 120lbs 5"7 and on a budget?
How do you target more of your inner arm in a tricep extension?
How can I build solid deltoid muscles?
What exercises should I do in order to get a body like a K-pop idol (aside from dancing)?
What is a superset back2back when working out?
What is the best exercises for jumping higher?
How should one plan, including diet, to run a 1,600 meters in 6:30 minutes?
What is a good workout for me, a 16 year old boy who doesn't work out?
Can a fat person go longer without food than a fit muscular person?
Is it mandatory to practice Bharatanatyam in traditional attire that is simply wearing a dhoti on the lower body and leaving the upper body uncovered? I practice in a traditional way.
Why is the chin-up harder than the bench press?
Should I continue ACL relaxation exercises even if I feel pain?
What is the best exercise routine for Skinny guys?
Where do teachers get changed for gym class or sports?
I am very overweight and would like to start some exercise. What would be some good exercises to start with?
What exercise should I do to lose post pregnancy weight?
What are the best exercises to find peace of mind?
How can I improve my muscles without using equipment?
How do I get a feminine body at the gym without gaining too much muscle?
How can I increase my stamina for any workout?
Can you suggest some home exercises to reduce weight?
What are the top 3 worst clientele for CrossFit boxes?
How do pros train their abs in the beginning of their career? Which exercises do they perform and how many days per week?
Is it ok to flirt with the gym receptionist?
How do I remain fit and active, except by going to the gym?
Is it bad to have a competitive mindset when I work out?
What's your favorite pre workout?
Which is the best exercise​ to increase​ speed?
What are the biggest motivators today’s parents have to get healthy & in shape?
After I started lifting weights my blood vessels have become more and more visible. Is this normal?
How do you perform negatives for chin-ups properly?
Why do I feel so turned on after working out on my legs?
I absolutely suck at running. I can hardly run one mile all the way through. What running program should I do to get better at running fast?
Which one burns more calories- jogging on a treadmill (at steady pace) or high interval training?
Would yoga teachers find it beneficial to have a venue broker where the teacher gets 70% of the class revenues (2 times higher earnings versus a gym/studio)?
What are the steps I have to take to get a skinny runners body?
Does lifting weights reduce your penis?
What's the fastest way to lose weight with visible difference if you don't go to the gym?
Are Mike Mentzer’s training and diet a preferable resource for the gym for a mere amateur?
Is it odd that I am able to gain muscle with very little exercise?
Are fitness programs worth it?
Is double unders considered as an anaerobic or aerobic?
What is the strength and risk in the building industry?
Is there any disadvantage in taking protein powder to the gym for a guy?
After a hysterectomy at the age of 50, when can exercise or yoga be started? How much of a time gap after surgery is required to start yoga?
Which muscle is the most powerful medial rotator of the arm?
0n a treadmill, is speed or elevation more effective?
Aside from the importance of nutrition, what are some great exercises to build muscle while efficiently burning fat?
How do I get into the habit of exercising?
What kind of exercises will build an 8-pack abs?
Is there a name for exercises (routines) that don't require squatting/bending down?
What will happen if I run for 15 minutes daily before lifting weight?
Is it concerning that my heart pounds when I exercise?
What are different ways to tone whole body without doing using any exercising machines?
How can I increase my fitness in the gym to lose weight faster?
Why are there 3 sets on Starting Strength?
How can I exercise my focus?
What is the perfect exercise to remove belly fat?
How many calories can you burn by making out, and why?
Why don't depressed people just think positively, volunteer, and exercise?
How do I gain strength, only pure strength?
Is walking for 20 minutes a day with a controlled diet, but then lying on the couch for the rest of the day going to help me lose weight?
What are some of the best calisthenic exercises improve my sprint speed?
Can I use a home pull-up bar if I weigh 250 lbs?
Should I stretch before or after my workout?
How long will it take to walk 3 miles?
I’m 15 and I want to increase my shoulder size by a few inches. What workouts should I do?
How do I get in better shape?
What muscles do side lunges work out, and why?
Is the protein taken from meals throughout the day enough to sustain you for a night workout?
Is possible for someone who has never been physically active to become really fit and strong?
How many trams run in Poznań every day?
Every time I squat or kneel down my knees begin to hurt, and it is very difficult for me to get up. Why?
How do I reduce chest fat?
How do the accessory muscles of respiration work?
What anaerobic exercise can I do without access to a gym and without putting weight on my legs?
How many hours should an average person exercise each day?
How can I produce flexibility?
How can I increase only the length of my legs?
Can I do abs workouts daily during, before or after going to the gym?
Is it possible for a 24-year-old to lose those last 5 kgs, i.e, stubborn belly fat, without exercise?
What exercises should I do?
What are really the most common reasons why guys lift weights?
What type of exercises are preferred for spondylolisthesis patients?
What fat burning exercises should I do, if I have early stage varicose veins?
Is it possible to get a good chest and shoulder workout with only a bench press and dumb bells?
Should I carry on doing my squats although I have pain in my thighs?
What are the 7 principles of resistance training?
How do I lose thigh and calves muscles in a month?
What should my breathing be like during weightlifting?
Why does inactivity cause more tiredness than physical activity?
Why do I type faster after I've exercised?
How can I build my body being a vegetarian and without gym?
Is working out 4 days a week enough?
How can I get started weightlifting?
What are the benefits of walking lunges, and which muscles do you work out?
How much, and what kind, of exercises are well suited to reduce belly fat for someone in their 30s?
Will running help tone my abs?
Do Indian girls go to the gym?
People keep saying that going to the gym at an early age can stop your growth. Why?
Why is it that when I experience nerve pain, like sciatica, that movement takes it away like a simple dumbbell workout with light weights?
How long will I have to wait to work out with heavy weights after an abdominal surgery?
Is my perception right that harsh prison sentences were pushed during the crack epidemic but in the current heroin problem they're pushing treatment?
What is the best exercise routine one can do at home, with few pieces of equipment, to get a bubble butt?
Is it safe for a 42 year old man to lift weights 6 days in a row?
What are good exercises to get strong enough to pick up a person?
How much body weight can I reduce by exercising on a sedentary bike with losing 150 calories per day?
Can I only get toned by going to a gym only?
What are negatives for chin-ups?
Which is more important for muscle building: more weight and more/less reps or less weight and more/less reps?
How should I fix my squat?
Are there great alternative exercises for swimming?
Is calisthenics a possible aproach to health and strength for me as an obease middle-aged woman?
How many push-ups are you able to do on a daily basis?
How much should I workout/run each day as a teen?
Should I workout or study first after school?
After a tiresome day, what is it that lifts up your spirit?
Do colleges charge any money for gym facilities?
I need a workout regimen that will make me as fit as a Navy Seal. What do I do?
Should I do more reps with less weight or less reps with more weigh to get bigger muscle?
Does getting drunk remove 2 weeks of weight training?
Is yoga or pranayana better for us to keep healthy?
How can I reduce 6 inches fat from my stomach without reducing more than 2 inches fat from my breasts and hips?
How do I start a home gym and earn money?
What are the advantages of negatives for chin-ups?
Which one is better: skipping or running?
Should I take Protein X after a workout?
What is Sahaj Yoga?
Which is the best exercise cycle brand and model for someone with a height of 183 cm, a weight of 85 kg, and a budget maximum of 25k?
Should I start exercising as a college student?
Can I do both suryanamaskar and walking for burning calories?
What exercises can I do to keep me fit, if I have lower back pain due to a bulging disc?
Is it ok to have red eyes after doing push-ups and other exercises?
Is panting after a 100-m sprint good or bad for cholesterol?
What is “Black Wolf Workout Eliminate”?
What is the best exercise to train the obliques without gym equipment?
What are some exercises to make witty answers? How does one do it?
How does exercise intensity affect your heart rate?
Should people do weightlifting even if they train in other sports?
What is a good diet to follow? I just joined the gym to make me fit.
How long will it take before I observe changes in my body if I have started doing normal push-ups regularly, and am gradually increasing their number?
What can I do to gain body mass?
What is the effect of heat loss during exercise?
Can people with a simple kidney cyst work out at the gym and lift weights?
Do you use more calories lifting a 100 lb weight 30 times or a 30 lb weight, 100 times?
What are the best tabata workouts without any equipment?
What is the best way home exercise?
Why are splits seen as unmanly?
Can I do both Surya Namaskar and walking, or only Surya Namaskar?
Why does a suit become inconvenient when you put your hand up?
Can a fit 75-year-old man do regular jogging?
How do I put up weight and become fit by being vegetarian and without going to the gym?
Why do fat girls always dress like they're about to go to the gym but they never do?
How long will it take an out-of-shape person to walk 2.5 miles?
Can I use a treadmill with a max speed of 13 mph for sprint training?
What do you think of my fitness routine?
What is the fastest way to burn 700 calories?
What are some home workouts for skinny teenagers?
What age is it safe to start working out with weights?
What would happen if you went to the gym 5 days a week and followed a good diet but only slept for 5 hours a day? Would your muscles grow?
What is a body weight workout plan for 45 days that would leave me with a 6 pack?
Do all aerobic activities have the same health benefits?
Is regular jogging in 40s have any relation with joint cartilage wear out?
Is it advisable to have a nap right after a heavy workout?
How can you lose 10 lbs in one day without exercising or starving yourself?
What will happen if I stop exercising for 7 days?
Do push-ups shorten your arms?
How can I tone down hereditary muscular calves?
Does doing push-ups and lifting dumbbells, daily, affect one's basketball shooting form?
Is it okay for pregnant women to workout in gyms? Or is baby in the planning phase?
What is the best workout routine for an 18 year old to reduce fat?
How can I develop abs? I have lost most of my body fat, but my abs are just not big, so how can I grow them?
When is the right time of day to exercise according to Tradition Chinese Medicine?
If you lift a 5lb weight a hundred times, is that the same "work" on the muscle as one lift with a 500lb weight?
How long shall I jog for optimum cardio benefit?
What should I take for energy before a workout?
What if I skip gym on day 1 and the next day I do both day 1 and 2 exercises?
How do I know that the exercises I do are in fact burning calories, and not just giving me sore muscles, or does sore muscles mean that I have burnt calories?
If I smoke before exercising, will I increase endurance?
Which is the best excercise: swimming or going to the gym?
Is it possible for a 24-year-old to lose those last 5 kgs, i.e., stubborn belly fat, without exercise?
Can I workout on my bed?
Does doing a minute plank daily increase core strength or just simply increase endurance later on?
What types of exercises are suitable for a 65 year old person?
What are the *easiest* things that you've done (or heard about) to improve your health and physique?
What kinds of foods should I eat at school before going to the gym?
Does Eckerd have a nice gym or exercise facility?
What grade of iron is used in gym equipment?
I workout 4 times/week (weights and HIIT). Last week I didn't work out and ate freely. Why did I get thinner/more toned (closer to my goal)?
What are the benefits of doing squats every day?
If I lie down in bed and a machine moves my body parts, does that amount to exercise?
How can I lose 10 pounds in 3 weeks without exercising?
What is the most effective way to train for handstand push ups?
Is gym necessary for boys?
What's a good workout routine for maximum health benefits with little risk of injury?
Can I build a good physique on 2 meals a day?
Is Surya Namaskar equal to walking (e.g. are 30 rounds of Surya Namaskar equal to 30 minutes of walking)?
Why does my body hurt after I run with spikes?
How many skips should I do to increase height?
Is it advisable to work out your arms every alternate day?
What should I eat before a workout that will give me a lot of energy when I go for a workout at 5:00 am?
What is the name of exercise machine?
What is the most appropriate exercise to lose weight if you have thyroid irritation?
How can I learn to do one handed push-ups?
Can you help me with a diet and exercise plan to lose 15kg in a healthy way?
Why am I losing body weight but my shape is not changing?
Bench presses push pectorals to failure. Squats hit the quads. When you run until you're out of breath, what muscle is the weak link?
Can creatine benefit me if I run a mile every single day?
Can one get a six pack body by doing yoga?
What can I earn more from in the next 5 years, being a yoga, Pilates, or HIIT-focused teacher?
Does cardio take away muscle too?
How expensive is it to open a bouldering gym versus a normal gym?
What is an effective gym workout for an athletes who is trying to gain muscle mass and keep his body fat percentage low?
Can you suggest me a workout routine and a diet for a dancer?
How can I as a woman be as strong/fit as some of the crossfitters out there?
Do I lose my muscle gains while doing a constant run for 15 mins and after that lifting weights?
Do you hip drive on your way down in the high bar squat?
Do you consider having sex to be an exercise?
What are the best yoga exercises for the brain?
Can yoga practice trigger emotional responses?
What are the best techniques to work the muscle groups with free weights?
After working out, neither my biceps nor my chest muscles are sore, even though I use them when working out. Why?
What is the best HIIT training routine for a 17-year-old aiming to lose weight at the gym?
How do I maintain my BMR and muscle mass after I stop exercising?
What kind of exercises can I do, while practicing on my keyboard to improve my singing?
Can anyone stay fit while sleeping for at least 4 hours, by doing exercises and meditation?
What should I think if my recovering anorexic sister wants to start going to the gym with me? Should I be worried?
What are some good biceps workouts at the gym?
How do you know if the weights are too heavy or if you are just wimping out?
How do you do yoga on your own?
How do I be fit (I mean have power not concern with muscles)?
Are there any exercises that help compensate for torn ACLs?
My knee hurts while running and lifting, am I doing damage? Would it be better to not workout at all or to push through the pain with low-impact?
Is it safe to exercise (body pump, running) with polycystic kidney disease and kidney stones?
How long does it take to cure varicocele through yoga?
Are yoga (ashtanga or vinyasa) and pilates safe for moderate mitral valve prolapse?
How do I workout?
I used to be able to do multiple sit-ups in a minute. Haven't tried them in a while and now I can't even get up. Why?
Lets just say if I jogged a mile which I do everyday, will creatine build my body if I just run/jog a mile everyday?
How many miles do delivery guys walk in a day? How many stairs do they go up and down?
What is the best app to find people to go workout with?
Are 3-kg dumbbells good for a beginner?
Has anyone tried Mike Mentzer HIT lifting? What results have you gotten?
How can I measure the calories burned in 10,000 steps?
What should be eaten just before workout?
I'm a 32 year old (very) skinny guy. Are there any meal and workout plans you would recommend to gain mass?
How do I get motivated for exercise?
How many calories do I have to burn on a treadmill on daily basis to have a reasonable loss of weight?
What would happen if I had a cup of black coffee (without sugar) before running or jogging?
What is the intense heat I feel in my quads after a run?
Where can I find help with anaerobic exercises and G-training?
Which are some of the exercises an unfit obese person can do to cut down belly fat and gain more muscles?
How can I do the bear crawl exercise?
What would happen to the fat acceptance movement if a new drug which makes you lose weight without dieting and exercise was released?
What is the best way to lose 12 pounds in 2 weeks?
How do I build enough strength to do a push-up while my 120lb girlfriend is sitting on my back?
What are the best exercises for strength for groin muscle?
What happens to my body if I do my workout regularly but don't add calories to my diet?
How do I build muscle in 6 months?
Is there anything I can do for shoulder injuries to get by without stopping I am 50 and been working out 4 days a week?
Can I lose belly fat, butt and thighs fat with diet only and no special exercise?
What does it mean to be curvy and fit?
How many calories does 30 push-ups and 30 sit-ups burn?
Why doesn’t arithmetic training improve performance?
Is there an app where I can compete with others (not real time) to go up rankings for treadmill runs over 5km?
Is one or two Snickers between healthy meals of meat and vegetables while working out regularly okay if I want to gain more muscle with little fat?
What should I get to get lean, whey protein or BCAA? I want to get lean and also lose 5 kg of weight.
What are the negatives of having a muscular body?
How much exercise should I be doing right now?
What prevents you from running/cycling with your partner?
What is a good workout schedule for a 200m dash?
Should I use sweat belt to reduce my belly fat?
How can I increase my chest width and the weight of my body?
How do you determine how much weight is right for you for a leg press?
What are people’s thoughts on the Athelean-Rx post-workout supplement?
Can I lose weight with regular body building gym equipments?
What are other best options than lifting weights to have a fit body?
Can I get bigger hips with weightlifting/training? How?
How can I solve the main problems about having a fitness life?
How many hours should I workout at the gym to put off 5kg of weight?
Is it best to do cardio before or after a workout if you are doing weight loss training?
How can I use my Apple Watch to my advantage to help me be healthier?
How do I get visible abs?
Why is it difficult for most people to exercise 20 minutes 3 times each week?
How many pushups can you do in 30 seconds?
How effective is the Revoflex Xtreme for core body exercises?
What is healthier, smoking marijuana and doing regular exercise (running and weight lifting) or not smoking paired with no exercise?
How can I lose weight fast without much change in diet and with exercise?
Is doing push ups right after getting up bad for me?
Does that strong lift 5x5 program really work for people trying to get back in shape?
What are the exercises and ways to get in great shape quickly for men? Are there any advantages/disadvantages of working out daily?
What do I do? I love fitness, music, writing and business, and I have good grades but hate coding, so I’m not able to do it well, but my goal is an ML startup?
What are the best exercises to work your lower abs?
If I do the same exercise for 30 minutes a day on consecutive days will the amount of calories I burn remain constant or decrease over time?
What are the initial steps for doing pushups?
Is there any point in me doing sports/exercise?
Alternately I do cardio and strength training. I also do 1 hour of yoga before my workout twice a week and 1 hour after my workout three times a week. Is it alright?
Can I do push-ups if I have acromion type 2 with no surgery yet?
When working out a particular muscle group, should I take a 3 day gap or a 5 day gap, before hitting that muscle again?
Should you use your core on every exercise you do when weightlifting?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of going to the gym before going to college?
What is the best workout for both fat loss and building a bit of muscle?
Is there any breathing exercise I can do after having a meal to improve digestion?
How many calories does doing a plank burn?
What are examples of cardio intense activities?
How can I work up to being able to do beginner spinal stretches in yoga?
Which exercises do we have to follow to make biceps or to tone arms without any gym equipment (for girls)?
How can I get my legs thin or toned?
Is it all right to eat before exercising?
What methods can I use to lose 65 pounds?
Why do rowers train six days a week, twice a day?
Why do muscles ache the next morning after a sauna?
How do I get the motivation to start running and to get fit as a teen?
Which trainer is better: Jillian Michaels or Kayla Itsines?
Is abdominal breathing a type of yoga?
What is the best way for me to lose fat and gain muscle with the aid of clenbuterol?
Does losing weight help with push-ups?
How do I go about training for a marathon?
When did you decide to use a lifting belt?
Why did you stop running?
How frequently should you squat?
What exercises should I do to reduce my baldness?
At the age of 18, should I join a Zumba class or the gym to lose weight?
What could help people maintain their muscle strength during a weeks long hospitalization?
What exercises can an obese person do?
How much weight did you burn from yoga?
What are the best exercises that a student should do early in the morning?
How do I keep my strength but improve my endurance for running?
How do you sway back and forth?
Is spinning 60-90 mins per day enough for noticeable results?
Does strength training burn fat from the face?
What advice should I follow in regard to diet and exercise when working out for strength but not bodybuilding for show?
Which floor exercise at home is better for women with bad knee?
Which is your favorite workout wear?
How can I increase my strength without going to a gym or that sort of thing?
Is it possible to run a marathon with no training at all?
For a hernia repaired using the Desarda technique, what is the recurrence chance if it is repaired laparoscopically? Will I be okay for the rest of my life if I don't lift weights and only change my diet and walk for exercise?
Is 60 Surya Namaskar enough per day for physical activity?
How do I feel comfortable breathing through my mouth when doing push-ups?
What body parts should I exercise to become a lead guitarist?
Do any IPS officers do gym workouts regularly?
Is it healthy to do 30 minutes of regular jogging, after 40?
What are the most effective exercises for writers?
Do all ugly people get sexy by going to the gym?
What muscles are used while skipping?
I feel a lack of power during weight training. What should I do to gain sufficient power to lift heavy weights?
Why do we lose endurance first when we stop weight training?
I want to start Yoga at home. What type of routine can I do daily for stretching and as a workout?
Which physical exercise is good for me to increase my body strength?
What is the best way to get fit after having Goodpasture Syndrome?
What would happen to exercise ISO if AMT is repealed?
What are the best beginner core and upper body workouts?
Is chest and back a good workout?
What types of exercises can a patient with spondylolisthesis do?
What are the pros and cons of ankle weights?
If you were seen doing some unusual exercise (e.g. yoga, parkour), what would your response be to "what are you doing" and "why are you doing that"?
How many calories would a 7 stone female burn running on the spot for an hour?
How do you get swole?
What are your top 3 tips for the gym?
How do I breathe effectively during sports such as football?
What are the best 3 biceps exercises for mass?
What are the best websites for workouts?
What is more important in Yoga- Asanas or Pranayam?
Why should I do triceps dips?
What is best street workout equipment?
Should I always use eccentric slow movement in every single reps of my workout?
What is squat and milk?
Are there any yoga classes in Udupi?
How should I keep myself fit and healthy?
For badminton, what are the most effective exercises you can practice by yourself?
Is yoga really a good way to lose weight? I've seen many fat people who are really good at yoga.
Why should I do breathing exercises?
Do I look like I’m in good physical shape?
I have to work for 15 hours a day and have no time for exercise. How do I reduce my belly size and weight?
How do I get rid of muscular thighs and calves?
How do you cut in the gym?
Will there be problems in the future if I do an abs workout at an earlier age?
How do you target more of your inner arm in a tricep extension?
Why does lean body mass fluctuates everyday?
What exercises should I do in order to get a body like a K-pop idol (aside from dancing)?
How can I increase my running stamina from 1 mile in 10 minutes to 1 mile in 6 minutes within 4 days?
What should I do If I am a student and don’t get time for exercise?
Which is the best gym equipment store in Kolkata?
If your muscle sore is healed and you continue on working out, but it never comes back, does that mean your work out is no longer effective?
Why is the chin-up harder than the bench press?
Should I continue ACL relaxation exercises even if I feel pain?
How can I improve my running as I'm asthmatic?
Where do teachers get changed for gym class or sports?
Can I gain muscle if I don't add calories to my diet, while doing an increasing workout routine?
Is it best to meditate before or after exercise in the morning (and why)?
Do Venezuelan people exercise?
How do I get leaner, longer arms and get rid of the muscle in my arms at home?
Why should I stop eating 1 hour before exercising? When should the pre-workout meal be taken?
If you are trying to lose weight in two weeks, lifting weights, doing squats, Zumba, and walking, and drinking plenty of water, does this help?
Does pre workout and in workout affect male fertility?
How do you perform negatives for chin-ups properly?
Why aren’t simple carbohydrates not recommended pre-workout?
How effective would the One Punch Man workout be?
What are some of the weight loss exercises for osteogenesis imperfecta patients who cannot stand?
Does anyone lift weights in space?
What does running with weights in each hand accomplish?
Is pushing the back of your head to the seat a good exercise for your neck?
What is the best elliptical/cross trainer machine for the home in India?
How much workout is considered too much?
Can I work out my abs using just a pair of dumbbells?
What time should a student go to the gym?
Should I just keep studying all day or go out and have some physical training as a refreshment (preferably a gym)?
How do I start taking action and start losing weight? I keep planning but can never get started.
What should I do to lose weight? Should I do cardio or go for weight lifting?
What do you think about my workout plan?
Why am I not improving in my exercise?
Should I drink a coffee before I go to the gym? How does it affect my 2 hour workout?
Is 28 too late to get healthy and in shape?
What physical exercises did you do daily as a cadet or trainee at your academy?
Why is exercise so underrated?
Does it worth to make the switch from gym to calisthenics?
Which exercise is better for a runner, jump squats or a tuck jumps?
Can high intensity exercise cause a stroke?
Can we increase bodyweight if we have nightfall?
Which exercises should one do with a home gym?
After how many days can you do gym after a kidney stone cure?
What do you have to believe in order to rarely miss workouts?
How long does it take to lose weight, if I walk for 1 hour or 2 hours every evening and do crunches?
How often a week, including 3 workout sessions, should I do cardio to burn stomach fat (for an 18-year-old)?
What exercise can help increase my stamina when swimming?
What should I eat before going to the gym? And should I take bath before going to the gym?
Gym workouts is good or bad for slim boys which only have 55 kg weight?
If I lift weights and do high intensity cardio, what should my routine schedule be? I'm 42 years old.
What is the right order for warming up, working out, running, and stretching?
What diet and what exercise should a person with a BMI of 32.74 do?
Does masturbation affect your workout at the gym?
Should one have skinny legs or no? What kind of exercises must I do for my legs?
How long after you workout can you eat a full course meal?
Why does ductility not degrade during grain boundary strengthening like in other strengthening methods?
What's the difference between burning calories and burning fat, and how does one achieve the latter?
Is it worth it for a man to do squats if he wants to lose weight from his hips?
What is the most time-efficient aerobic workout?
What kind of weightlifting is best for hurdling?
How can I plan to live past 100 and still be physically fit and feel young?
What is the difference between Ashtanga Yoga & Hatha Yoga? Which one is more beneficial?
What are some great exercises to get curvy hips?
Is it bad to neglect to train the chest but still train the rest of the upper body?
I finished my IMBA by the UIUC interview in 15 minutes with 4 questions in 30 minutes of allocated time. Is that good or bad sign?
What is a good intense 10-15 minute kettlebell workout I could do after work?
What are your best eye muscles stretching techniques?
How do I get strong forearms plus a lot of stamina?
Can I get a good upper body by doing 100 push ups a day?
Is stretching and bending your back bad?
Would I have stronger legs in only 1 month of gym to win the sprint competition? I've been working out a bit earlier. I really want the truth!
What are the best workouts to remove fats from upper inner thighs and aroud the hips?
Would it be better if I stopped doing workouts until the exams are over?
What is Zakk Wylde's workout routine?
After a mild stroke, will my brain form new pathways to the affected leg if I continue to exercise and demand more movement?
What is the simplest way to gain stamina?
Why am I not able to do same number of pushups in second set as in first set?
How do I build an amazing body at home?
Is working out (push-pull legs routine) effective for an ectomorph beginner?
Does basketball count as high-intensity interval training?
Why do I always feel like I have the flu for a few days after I work out?
How do I convert DhT into testrone again by exercise?
What are some natural post-workout meals for after working out at the gym (gaining)?
What level of heart rate is deemed to be intense exercise?
When weightlifting, is it better to do one exercise 3 times in a row or do the whole routine 3 times?
What is the best setting to work your calves on a treadmill?
How do you lose fat quickly without losing lean muscle when you are at 12% body fat?
How many calories can we burn in six km walk?
How do I increase or develop my gym and fitness business?
Can pushing too hard in a gym, costs you death?
How does running in place differ from running on a treadmill?
Are there any downsides of exercising by climbing stairs?
How do I get really strong forearms?
When I want toned arms and don't want to build a lot of muscle, should I use less weight and do more repetitions or more weight and less repetitions?
What weight loss exercises should I do if I can’t run?
Should I start gymming?
What exercise routine should I follow to lose 135 kg in weight?
I need to increase my stamina in around a week for a boxing match. How do I do it?
Is it possible that, after going to the gym regularly, only the size of the tummy increases?
How many sit-ups should I do to get abs quickly?
What is the quickest way to burn 800 calories with exercise?
What are some of the best yoga videos with links?
What are some alternatives to running 7km a week?
How can you prevent getting spasms in your thighs?
What should I know before I go to the gym for muscle mass gaining?
What will happen if I ignore my triceps workout?
What is a plan for HIIT exercise? I have been going to the gym for one year now and have hit a weight plateau. I am also following a diet plan.
Do you want to get physically fit? What will it take for you to get motivated?
Should I do cardio at the beginning and the end of my 2-hour workout?
How much weight are people lifting for the free squat?
Is it ok to do cardio exercise before the weight training?
Is it possible to grow my butt without lifting weights or doing squats?
Is it possible to burn fat and gain muscle mass at the same time?
Can you work out and become a tough guy without taking any supplements?
How many weeks does it take for you to make your arms stronger and to lift more weights? Is there any particular exercise?
Evander Holyfield lifted weights, why did he not suffer significant decreases in speed/mobility/flexibility after gaining so much mass?
What is a “ripped physique”?
Is physical exercise helpful while preparing for UPSC?
Which low-intensity workout will give me the best fitness boost if done consistently?
How many exercises do I do for a compound workout day?
How do I get a longer penis with a strong erection? And what about Kegel exercises? If they are good, how do you do them?
I was able to do 5 sets of 10 reps pull ups before resting a week, after a week I was only able to do 3 sets of 10 reps. What happened?
How did you integrate running, cycling, swimming and lifting daily and still function?
I am extremely healthy in most ways, but I just won't exercise. What are some ways to overcome my psychological barriers to exercise?
What exercises will make you strong sexually after fifties?
What body-weight exercises should you do?
Can one exercise after one’s kidney stones have been removed?
Is it a good idea to go for a run after drinking alcohol?
Is solving a Sudoku puzzle a good exercise for the mind?
Are there benefits to exercising self-control? Can exercising self-control save one's life?
How long must I wait in order to workout after gynecomastia (liposuction) treatment?
What is the most time-efficient anaerobic workout?
Is it possible to get biceps, a bigger chest, abs, and a chiseled jaw line?
Is swimming a good exercise for strengthening my chest?
How can you exercise your muscles during puberty?
What are some examples of moderate and vigorous aerobic exercises?
What are some morning exercise routine for unfit beginners?
What methods can I use to burn 3500 calories a day?
Which is a good two day strength workout program that complements bjj?
Can I run 2.4 km in 15 minutes?
Do you feel something in your knees when squatting?
What makes Mammoth Hunters claim that they have 100,000 years of experience in fitness?
Is the forearm a push or pull muscle?
Do upright rows work the entire shoulder?
How often do you train per week?
Can I do push ups after breakfast?
Should we do exercise everyday or should there be gaps in between?
What is Vivek Mittal's opinion on Stronglifts, Starting Strength, or any other strength-training routines?
What muscle groups do I need to improve for a better physique?
What are the best videos that demonstrate proper squatting technique?
What are people doing wrong in gym?
How do I know how I should exercise in the gym?
How do I strengthen my legs for a backstroke kick?
How do I run the mile at school faster?
What should I do at the end of my gym workout?
Do women notice when guys start working out?
How do I workout to improve my fencing?
When are your experiences on muscular strength?
How should I stretch before I run?
What is Orowan strengthening?
How do I create the perfect workout plan for me if I'm a beginner and want to work out three times a week at the gym?
What is the goal of cardiorespiratory endurance?
I am 20 years old and very lean. I have a 20 kg gym kit. What exercises should I do with it to build muscles?
If you could only choose one way to lose weight, between dieting and exercising, which one would be more effective?
What makes me wheeze after exercising?
What is the best exercise for legs when you are prone to excruciating leg cramps?
After a long break from exercise, which protein supplement is good for recovery?
Is it true that bodyweight workouts gives more strength than weight training?
Are there better alternatives to stretching? Is yoga one?
How long would it take me, with average genetics, to reach a Jeff Said-like physique?
What is the position of the head when doing push-ups?
What kind of physical exersice can I do to be strong and fat?
How true is the fact that some people get fatter than before once they stop going to the gym or discontinue it?
What is the science behind not liking to exercise? (in the brain)
I have a squat rack, a bar, a bunch of plates, a bench and a dip station. Can you help me come up with a solid upper-lower split routine?
Which is better, a gym or an akhada?
Is boxing considered to be a good exercise?
Why do I cramp as soon as I start running?
Can I recover the strength of my eyes by doing yoga?
How long do I have to train to be able to do 1000 pushups?
Why are some muscle builders so bulky yet still lack muscle definition even with very low fat ratio?
If you had a five minute break every day at work, how would you spend it?
Can I do yoga after an exercise?
How can we get V-shaped heads formed by the piezometers, rather than a parabolic shape, during the experiment of verification of Bernoulli’s principle?
What are other types of workouts, apart from isometric workouts?
Which exercise machine is good to reduce stomach size?
What workout split works best for you?
What does running with weights in each hand accomplish?
Are Mike Mentzer’s training and diet a preferable resource for the gym for a mere amateur?
What should I do when I have done my exercise in the evening after eating and now my chest is painful?
If you get to know that you just have 10 more minutes to live, how will you spend those 10 minutes?
What is the best fitness program at home?
How much workout is considered too much?
How should I approach a gym buddy’s auntie?
How long should I stretch a muscle per day for better mobility and flexibility?
After a hysterectomy at the age of 50, when can exercise or yoga be started? How much of a time gap after surgery is required to start yoga?
Which muscle is the most powerful medial rotator of the arm?
Are HGH boosters worth it? I'm 17, 5′8″, and a skinny guy with a weak chin. Will it help me with any of those besides an increase in lean muscle mass?
How much time should I workout in order to make my body strong enough?
What kind of exercises will build an 8-pack abs?
What will happen if I run for 15 minutes daily before lifting weight?
What is the best workout to lose my belly fat and water retention? I already eat real food and fewer calories, and I do cardio and strength training.
What is a good kettle bell exercise to increase my chest size?
What happens to our bodies when we don't exercise for a long time? How can we overcome that?
Should I do calisthenics or practice running to lose, get fit and skinny as a teenager?
Does jumping rope make jumping faster? What is the idea of jumping rope?
Is there any difference in the energy required or calories burnt while walking on a treadmill versus walking outdoors on firm ground?
What has research shown about whether or not people can lose fat while building muscle?
Is it concerning that my heart pounds when I exercise?
What are some training ideas I can do to condition my body for traditional karate or any training at all?
How can you build excellent mental and physical endurance quickly?
What are the benefits of training on sand for a runner?
After how many days can you do gym after a kidney stone cure?
Are pushups a good pre-workout before weight lifting?
How can I exercise my focus?
What is the right exercise for a student for their brain, aerobics or bodybuilding? I can only give 30 minutes for a workout. Is it possible to gain mass?
Is it possible to get fit in one year's time?
How do I gain strength, only pure strength?
Out of a heavy body and a lightweight body, which body falls down first?
How often should you workout for it to be good for your health?
What are the type of people who prefer indoor cycling as a form of exercise?
What should the diet plan be for a thin boy who just started at the gym?
I can bench 140kg (315lbs) weigh 96kg, deadlift 240kg & in the morning I can see slightly the top two abs, why do I not have a chest?
Which are the best 1, 2 or 3kg dumbbells for arm exercises for women?
What is it like to be in a workout video?
Is it possible to rent an empty small room for an hour?
Does a vacuum in space get stronger and stronger?
What is the good number of push-ups in daily life?
What are some great exercises to get curvy hips?
I have had an ACL replacement. What leg exercises should I do, and which ones should I avoid?
Is possible for someone who has never been physically active to become really fit and strong?
Which diet should I take to stay fit and increase stamina?
How can I get shredded at home in two days?
Is there any difference in one’s heartbeat between when one’s exercising and when one’s fearful?
What is the best way to stay healthy exercising while on a diet?
What is the best way to increase waist?
How will you feel after Juventus legend Buffon lifts the UCL 2017?
Can you give me advice on getting back into shape (motivation-wise, amount of exercise, etc.)?
Every time I squat or kneel down my knees begin to hurt, and it is very difficult for me to get up. Why?
When would I see results from jogging twice a day and controlling my diet?
Would it be possible to get hired as a fitness trainer without a two-year diploma?
Should I workout everyday before school?
What is a physical workout routine that a 14 year old NDA aspirant should follow?
How do you get bigger ankles with exercise?
What is the best exercise for a 15-year-old guy like me?
How often should I do ab workouts and for how long? I'm 42 years old.
Why do westerners who perform yoga as an exercise, call themselves yogis when its meaning is different in Sanskrit and you have to earn it?
Can a 15 year old boy start lifting heavy things in the gym, or should he do some pushups?
Why do people prefer to lay on the sofa vs. exercising while watching TV?
How does Greg Norman stay so fit?
What exercises are the best if one has to lose abdominal muscles and a bulky belly after pregnancy?
What's the most guaranteed way to lose fat without using the gym?
How can I strengthen ciliary muscle of the eye and delay its fatigue?
What anaerobic exercise can I do without access to a gym and without putting weight on my legs?
What are some good tips for a beginner who wants practice yoga?
How I can prepare for running?
What are some improv exercises for large groups?
What should be one's workout intensity to maintain shape once they've reached their health goal?
How can I produce flexibility?
How many hours should an average person exercise each day?
What is the best exercise for buffalo hump?
What’s up everybody?
What should I be doing to get abs if they are not in my genetics? I need an actual plan set up.
When is a good grade to start weight lifting?
What can I do to gain weight on my bottom and lose weight off my belly without exercise?
Do squats help you develop abs?
How has yoga changed your life?
How do I become lean and fit when I’m out of shape?
Why don't I feel my pull-ups in my arms and back, but I feel them in my core the next day? (I'm training to failure for three sets.)
Can a beginner build up their muscles at home? Will it be effective?
Do deadlifts and squats work the same muscles, and hence is repetitive?
Why is there only one set of deadlifts on starting strength?
Why should I run?
What kinds of nutrients does a muscle need to repair after a workout and to get bigger?
How can I increase only the length of my legs?
What is the best workout routine to follow for a college student looking to pack on muscle?
What are the best lifting exercises for working out the inner thigh?
Is there any YouTube channel for learning the proper forms of weight training exercises that explains position, form and movement in-depth?
Where would I get a personal coach for weight lifting in Chennai?
What is a good plan for senior fitness?
What are the benefits of assisting an advanced yoga class?
Doing weekend exercises is bad. If you don't build up protection against oxidative stress through regular exercise, you're likely to do your body harm. Is this true?
What are the 7 principles of resistance training?
Is it okay to drink 1 scoop of Protein Powder weight gainer after a home workout?
What do I have to do to get abs?
As a beginner (at home), if I don't increase the weight of a dumbell but keep adding reps and sets, will I still build good strength and muscle?
Being that high AST and ALT levels are the result of dying muscle tissue, could a recent, extremely high impact exercise routine be the cause of the elevation?
What is the best time to work out during Ramadan for rapid fat loss?
How do I train to be really good at cross country running?
Why do people stop going to the gym?
For how long should I do my leg workouts on leg day? I'm 42 years old.
How much should I run at first?
Should I go to the gym today? It's rainy and cold, and I haven’t been there in a couple of weeks. I’m thinking of ordering pizza?
May I save my muscular mass by three swimming workouts and only one weight lifting workout per week?
Is working out 4 days a week enough?
What are the best exercises for meralgia paraesthetica?
I have a bad physique but I want to stay fit and not getting motivated towards it. What should I do?
Should reservations be lifted?
I am extremely healthy in most ways, but I just won't exercise. What are some ways to overcome my psychological barriers to exercise?
Is it possible to perform sEMG decomposition on the forearm using Backyard Brains' Muscle SpikerShield? If so, up to how many different motor units?
Does Gold’s Gym provide food to their members?
Which parts of your body do squats benefit? How many sets of body-weight squats should I do if I want to increase my leg muscles?
What is the best way to get a muscular body like a male model?
How much, and what kind, of exercises are well suited to reduce belly fat for someone in their 30s?
What is one tip you have for me to make my deadlift get stronger?
Why is no contact so difficult? I just white-knuckled it for 30 days. What now, white-knuckle it for another 30 days?
Will I still gain good weight and muscle if I'm in a calorie surplus, eat sweets and cakes but workout and exercise in the same day?
Is it true that the airways alternately constrict, as is said in yoga?
Is it advisable to do 100 pushups in a row or can I do the same using 4 sets of 25 reps each?
What methods can I use to burn 3500 calories a day?
If you do more ab workouts, will your sperm count be reduced?
How do I build a bubble butt?
My upper chest is not flat. It kind of bulges out. How do I correct it?
What makes Mammoth Hunters claim that they have 100,000 years of experience in fitness?
How long will I have to wait to work out with heavy weights after an abdominal surgery?
How much time do I need to build great fitness for football despite the little time I have in the day and what are the best exercises?
What is better freehand exercises or weights?
Will weight training get rid of my hourglass figure?
I have lost my body symmetry due to wrong exercise, What should I do?
Is there any exercise to gain weight?
How do I lose belly fat without exercise or diet change?
Why do we swing our arms while walking?
Is it good or bad to exercise in the summer?
What is the link between, if any, cigarettes, insulin levels, and fat burn/deposition?
Do I have gynecomastia or is it just chest fat? I'm 18 years old, 6′1″, and 81kg.
What are people doing wrong in gym?
What should be the exercise routine for a thin, musical Indian 16-year-old guy with a tummy to have a healthy body in one month?
What is the best workout routine for a beginner focused on fitness?
What is the need to warm up before exercise from an evolutionary perspective?
What should I do at the end of my gym workout?
Which is better- swimming or gym?
At what body weight can I safely run without risking injuring my knees?
Is Musli helpful for gym freaks?
What is Orowan strengthening?
Which it the best fitness center?
Why is riding a stationary bike considered a good exercise?
What is the best exercise to slim down thighs and glutes?
Is it advisable to do 100 pushups immediately followed by bench press (20-25 reps with light weight)?
What is the position of the head when doing push-ups?
Do colleges charge any money for gym facilities?
How are athletes muscles so defined?
How can I build a stronger chest?
How can a percussionist train their arms and upper-body strength?
Do you absolutely hate going to the gym?
What should I eat before running, to get energy?
How many push ups can you do at a time?
Should I do more reps with less weight or less reps with more weigh to get bigger muscle?
Is boxing considered to be a good exercise?
How can I get fit and skinny as a high schooler?
I can do a pistol squat with my left leg but not with my right. Is this because I'm a right handed fencer?
Does a women's only gym have to allow a transgender female to male person to work out in the gym?
What are the best polymetric exercise to help you to run faster?
Could you actually get stronger by lifting a calf every day until it becomes a bull?
Are we fit if we eat well and exercise daily?
How can I reduce 6 inches fat from my stomach without reducing more than 2 inches fat from my breasts and hips?
How do I convert my excess belly fat into useful muscle?
Is it good to do weight training before bed?
Can you build muscles without cardio?
Is cycling better than running to reduce thigh fat?
How do I keep energy after intense workout?
Would I be muscular if I decreased my body fat?
What might cause tremors after exercise?
How long will it take to get my muscle back?
What's a good sprinting workout plan?
Should I start exercising as a college student?
Which is the best fitness academy in Mumbai?
Can I do both suryanamaskar and walking for burning calories?
Is it bad that I masturbate twice a day?
What are the best effective ways to burn belly fat for men?
Is 5-exercise 5-set 5-rep workout any good?
What is the best chest exercise for a nice, muscular chest?
Do you know anything about epigenetics and the food that Chinese people should avoid to avoid weight gain?
What exercises can I do to keep me fit, if I have lower back pain due to a bulging disc?
What should you do after running?
Is it okay to walk in the morning and go to the gym in the evening and do yoga?
Is panting after a 100-m sprint good or bad for cholesterol?
What are the best exercises for losing fat from one’s face?
What is the optimal work-out schedule for curls?
Does it worth to make the switch from gym to calisthenics?
What are some good stretches to improve flexibility?
Why is it that when I try to do simple stretches, I feel like I'm pulling something in my leg?
Are all those exercises to help your back just a scam?
What are some quick stretches for my whole body to do every morning?
I want to get stronger and more muscular by doing push-ups, pull-ups, and sit-ups. How many reps and sets should I do everyday?
What exercises should I do other than running while I am on the ground?
What exercise can help increase my stamina when swimming?
Why are handstands good?
Is there a hazard to exceed my max heart heart rate (220-39) with high blood pressure?
Is it required to buy a treadmill of 20-30kg more than the user’s weight?
What is a great low impact exercise?
Is it possible to build a fitness-model-like body in 9 months naturally?
Is mental strength and resolve is as important as physical strength?
Why can't I seem to lose body fat, even though I exercise, am very active, and I am nursing two babies?
What are the best comedic routines against Islam?
What kind of gym do most med students go to (e.g., CrossFit/usual gyms/boxing)? How long & how many times a week do they go to the gym to maintain their daily study schedules?
Why do I have such small arms but lift a decent amount?
How do you explain “tears has no weight but carries heavy emotions”?
I hate exercising. What's the most effective exercise routine I could follow for the shortest amount of time where I will get the most benefits?
Can exercise and walking harm our internal organs? What is the best exercise for belly fat?
Can intense muscular exercise cause acute health problems in otherwise healthy individuals?
When you are working out what do you do to get over the hump?
How do I stop making a wheezing noise while working out?
Why are yawns and stretches so satisfying? What's happening in the body?
Do you use more calories lifting a 100 lb weight 30 times or a 30 lb weight, 100 times?
What are the best tabata workouts without any equipment?
What is the best way home exercise?
Comparatively, which is better: Zumba or jumping rope?
Can I do both Surya Namaskar and walking, or only Surya Namaskar?
Why is my strength of lifting weights not increasing even though I am gymming regularly?
Was yoga originally meant to be a form of physical exercise?
Why do fat girls always dress like they're about to go to the gym but they never do?
If I lift 2kg weights 150 times and 5kg weight 50-60 times (both arms included) twice a day, how long will it take for me to see a difference?
Which is more beneficial for slim people badminton or brisk walking?
How long will it take an out-of-shape person to walk 2.5 miles?
How many days a week do I do sprints to burn fat? For how long do I do the sprints? I lift weights, and I'm 42 years old.
How do I get stronger and better at fighting without having "gym muscles" or going to the gym?
Can I use a treadmill with a max speed of 13 mph for sprint training?
Why I am not able to lose weight even after 2 years of doing continuous exercises?
What is the point of exercise if my face is hideous?
What is a good full body workout with a bench press and a pull up bar?
Which causes losing weight fast, aerobic exercise or machines?
Can I see incredible changes in my body if I box 5 times a week for 4 months? Currently I'm 72kgs, 21% body fat (age 22).
What is the best form of exercise?
How do film stars makeover their body in months?
How can I get a decent 6-pack and muscular body in 2 months?
What's an affirmation I can have as a beginner at push-ups?
What would happen if you went to the gym 5 days a week and followed a good diet but only slept for 5 hours a day? Would your muscles grow?
Does basketball count as high-intensity interval training?
Is there an important loss of efficiency in weightlifting if I do long intervals (20 min) between sets?
What is a valid excuse for wanting to switch out a swimming semester in HS with another activity for physical education?
Should you include cardio in your workout if you're skinny, 43kg and if your age is 19 years old?
Does taking an ice bath after a heavy workout allows your body to recover enough for an immediate 2nd workout right after?
How many calories does a 24 year old guy weighing 83 kgs burn daily if he walks everyday?
What is a good example of a low impact cardio for bad knees?
If you hang two heavy weights on ropes in a very deep well, say 12km, would they come together or stay the same distance apart?
Is only working on my upper body at the gym harmful if I run and bike frequently?
I am 50, I want to increase my baseball throwing speed, what exercises should I do?
Is jogging 4 times a week enough leg workout for someone who works the upper body 3 times a week?
I walked 2.7 miles to and 2l7 miles from in 1 hr. Is that fast?
I work out three times a week, running a mile then lifting weights. How should I be eating?
Do push-ups shorten your arms?
How did CrossFit generate its initial traction? How did it go from the original gym to the first 20 locations? What were the triggers?
Will I burn less number of calories once I get used to a certain kind of exercise and my heart rate goes low?
What am I supposed to eat after a workout when I am on a diet?
What are some alternatives to running 7km a week?
What are the best exercises to improve mobility of the shoulder joint? I get pain if I try to touch my right scapula with my left hand from behind.
How can I develop abs? I have lost most of my body fat, but my abs are just not big, so how can I grow them?
Is it good to do a workout after consuming food? If not, why?
Is it harmful to do exercises during muscle cramps?
What is a plan for HIIT exercise? I have been going to the gym for one year now and have hit a weight plateau. I am also following a diet plan.
How do I become happy as a teenager and get good grades and get fit?
What are some affirmations to say to do beginner pushups?
What is the best aerobic workout to follow online?
Why do I feel aggressive after a work out?
What is the best way to get bigger forearms and calves?
How do I do a lower, upper and middle chest workout with push-ups?
How can I encourage people for yoga?
How do I maximize my endurance (running) within 9 days?
What is the best gym routine one can carry out at home to burn belly fat, considering you have minimal weights/equipment?
Is it possible to use OSIM uKimono to make your tummy 6 packs?
What if I skip gym on day 1 and the next day I do both day 1 and 2 exercises?
What should be the sequence for yoga, Pranayam and meditation?
Why don't women bench press?
Is it a good idea for me to start Capoeira when I have scoliosis?
How do I stop using the PC too much and study more/workout more?
Is there any gym or workout facility available at MITAOE Pune?
What will happen to my body if I stop going to the gym after one year?
Can limescale build up in the body?
How can a skinny guy build an average body?
Which sport is good for full body tone and fitness football or athletics?
How can I tell whether my kettle bell is the right weight for me?
What are the benefits of getting Yoga Certification?
If I lie down in bed and a machine moves my body parts, does that amount to exercise?
What are the 10 components of fitness?
Where can I be trained in squats in Bangalore?
Is EMS fitness safe?
Should I buy a magnetic resistance or brake resistance exercise bike?
How do I prevent my nipple from chafing when I work out?
How to increase my stamina after being a couch potato for 2 yrs?
Can I build a good physique on 2 meals a day?
How long will it take to notice a difference from working out 20 minutes a day?
How many skips should I do to increase height?
Is it advisable to work out your arms every alternate day?
Do women notice when guys start working out?
If you do not exercise, but eat healthy, how much protein should you eat?
How do I workout to improve my fencing?
When are your experiences on muscular strength?
If I start lifting weights, will I start getting women?
Is it enough for me to do two weight training sessions and two swimming sessions a week? (I'm sixty years old.)
Should I draw mind maps of exercise solving instead of plainly solving exercises to get better grades in physics and maths?
What are the best ways for people who work out to prevent muscle injuries?
As a person with little free time to experiment, what yoga poses should I do every day to ensure I'm healthy?
What are the best workouts (without equipment) for getting a big chest and arms and getting abs?
Can creatine benefit me if I run a mile every single day?
Are there any good programs to get fairly ripped in 6 weeks, while maintaining strength?
Why is the breath rate higher as the longer distance you run?
What do you say to fat relatives who tell you you're crazy for losing weight?
What happens if I don’t do ab exercises properly?
Did you have a good friend who pointed out the flaws in your idea & helped you improve it? How did it all work out? How did you start?
Does cardio take away muscle too?
As a fitness beginner, I am having a little trouble lifting weights. I can do about 10-12 reps of dumbbell curls on my right hand, but not on my left. Why?
How do I get a wider chest at 16?
Which is better, a gym or an akhada?
How can I make myself a faster runner?
How many calories does constant and proper hula-hooping burn?
What will be impact on my body, if I do cycling and skipping rope for half an hour each?
How can I get abs as a skinny teen at home without equipment?
How much do I have to eat to put on weight and build muscle?
What can be done to reduce errors in work leading to wrong numbers pulled out for client projects?
Could a runner with baseline fitness (30 miles/wk, longest 12 miles) try to run a marathon with only two long runs (18-20 miles), for this training cycle?
Can you suggest me a workout routine and a diet for a dancer?
Is pushing the back of your head to the seat a good exercise for your neck?
What is the difference between predicting a 10 second or 1 minute return and predicting a 5 minute or even 30 minute return in futures/stocks?
What can busy entrepreneurs do to fit health & fitness into their daily routine?
What are the best techniques to work the muscle groups with free weights?
How helpful is aerobics when combined with cardio and strength training?
Why are most people against workout partners or "fitness buddies?" I love mine.
What are the main muscles used for jumping jacks?
Which bodyweight workout is suited for skinny men?
Which is best, a boot camp or a gym?
How much do you walk on average every day?
Can weightlifting rejuvenate?
What are good exercises after a knee reconstruction?
What are the most useful exercises to do early in the morning?
Why do I have veiny abs?
I'm a high school junior, and haven't grown much since 7th grade. I'm only 5'4", 120lbs, and I don't exercise often. Is it too late for me to grow?
What physical exercises did you do daily as a cadet or trainee at your academy?
How can I lose the flab on my stomach?
If the miltary press is too hard on my rotator cuff due to arthritis, what other exercises could I do?
Do video games really count as exercise?
I almost have a full beard at 16. Do I have lots of testosterone, which is good for weightlifting?
Do I have to lose fat to build muscle?
How much volume work for each and every muscle?
What are some short term effects of exercise on your muscles?
How do I become a Pilates instructor in the USA?
What's a quick workout that I could do to bulk up my T-shirt with muscle, without dumbbells?
How much weight could be lifted if an effort of 100 pound were applied?
If I lift weights and do high intensity cardio, what should my routine schedule be? I'm 42 years old.
Should one have skinny legs or no? What kind of exercises must I do for my legs?
How do I get abs while I'm eating a lot to get bigger too?
How can I reduce 10 kg in 20 days?
How can I learn to do the Asian squat?
My knee hurts while running and lifting, am I doing damage? Would it be better to not workout at all or to push through the pain with low-impact?
If you exercise in only a certain period of your life, would you live longer than if you had never exercised at all?
Is it bad I only hydrate right before my workout?
What kind of body and muscles can you get with only a bodyweight workout?
Is it safe to exercise (body pump, running) with polycystic kidney disease and kidney stones?
Can anyone hold bicep dumbbells for 30 minutes without rest, given the dumbbells weigh 20kg (45lbs) each?
What exercise is the quickest way to lose weight?
Do planks burn fat?
How can I get a lean body at home (such as Finn Balor of WWE)?
I used to be able to do multiple sit-ups in a minute. Haven't tried them in a while and now I can't even get up. Why?
Is it stupid that after 12 months of no exercise I took 10mg of dextroamphetamine and a large can of Redbull, to get my heart rate up to 190bpm?
Are there any boxing gyms in KL where a 14-year-old can train?
How long will it takes for me to touch my toes with daily stretching?
How do I strengthen my knees, to run everyday?
How do I get lean in 2 months if I am overweight?
What is the best way to run so you don’t injure your knees?
Is a 21 out of 30 good on the Mensa workout good?
I’m 15, nearly 5'9 and 198 pounds. Should I intensively workout my whole body in a day, 3 times a week with 2 days of gap for resting and light calisthenics?
How important are core abdominal strength, leg muscle strength, and arm strength in relationship with one another?
What are the health benefits of going into a sauna post workout?
What people suffering from arthritis can do to improve muscle strength other than weight lifting?
When I stand with my arms at my side and spin in circles, why do my arms lift up without effort?
I'm 15, should I do non intensive strength training and abdominal workouts 5 times a week?
Are 3-kg dumbbells good for a beginner?
What are some natural post-workout meals for after working out at the gym (gaining)?
What are the best weight workout routines for rowing?
Has anyone tried Mike Mentzer HIT lifting? What results have you gotten?
What are best chest waders?
I'm a 32 year old (very) skinny guy. Are there any meal and workout plans you would recommend to gain mass?
How do I train if I want to get stronger by building more compact muscles rather than bigger ones?
How do you lose fat quickly without losing lean muscle when you are at 12% body fat?
How can I strengthen the muscles in my hand?
Is it ok to have sex 4 or 5 times a week as a body builder?
Where can I get fitness accessories?
I have APT, which makes my lower back tight and weak. Does this mean that I shouldn't add lower back exercises to my workout?
What is the best exercise for helping reduce dizziness?
Is sports or exercise better?
How do I increase my workout time? My muscles become so heavy after 40-45 minutes that I can’t even continue with some other muscle workouts?
How do I reduce belly, side fat and man boobs naturally by exercising or yoga for an adult (age 23 years)?
Where do you recommend getting cheap yet pretty and comfy exercise / yoga attire in Singapore? Is JB worth travelling to for getting cheaper goods?
What happens to my body if I do my workout regularly but don't add calories to my diet?
How do I combine a pure push-ups training with "normal" gym?
What can you say about the RP-US Balikatan exercises?
What are some basic workouts/stretches to be flexible?
How many times a week do you need to change your socks?
Should I stop gaming and start working out more?
How can I make leg day less boring?
How do I acquire the ability to immediately understand math, without going through exercises?
Why doesn’t arithmetic training improve performance?
How can I reduce my belly fat? I have a slipped disc.
Is reformer Pilates a good workout?
Is a gym better than running in a stadium?
Which muscles should I train to get rid of kyphosis?
What are the negatives of having a muscular body?
What prevents you from running/cycling with your partner?
How can I keep myself from getting chills after running?
What is better, going to the gym or doing self-weight exercises?
Why do I get more tired from walking slowly than walking at a brisk pace?
Is it ok to do cardio exercise before the weight training?
How do I lose weight if I love beer and hate dieting?
What is a good workout schedule for a 200m dash?
What limits how fast humans can run?
Is it ok to run with sore muscles?
Is it possible to build overall body muscles and reduce belly fat at the same time?
How many weeks does it take for you to make your arms stronger and to lift more weights? Is there any particular exercise?
What's a good way to loosen up a tight lower back?
What kind of pull-ups or chin-ups work biceps the most?
What are the best exercises to grow your legs?
What's the best way to gain weight and start lifting?
What are other best options than lifting weights to have a fit body?
Is physical exercise helpful while preparing for UPSC?
Why do the muscles above and to the sides of my mouth contract when I swing my arms in full, forward circles?
Does it affect working out in summer?
Is there any park near Velachery for jogging?
If we eat like beasts and exercise for 1 hour without stopping, what will happen?
Is it best to do cardio before or after a workout if you are doing weight loss training?
What body-weight exercises should you do?
How many miles could I walk/run in a day with a 40lb backpack?
What is a simple workout for an 11-year-old?
When lifting to failure should I be able to complete as many reps for each subsequent set?
How do I get a great chest?
What should girls eat after a workout?
Is the lateral raise a push or a pull exercise?
What Should be my diet plan to loose 7 kgs, should I consider taking protein powder since I hit the gym 5 times a week?
Is it possible to be fit and fat?
How can I get significantly fitter and leaner in a month?
What is the core strength of your family? Why do you think it is so strong?
What is the difference between power lifting and olympic lifting?
Is 32 years old too late to join the gym and build muscles?
What are the exercises and ways to get in great shape quickly for men? Are there any advantages/disadvantages of working out daily?
Can a person get from being very physically unfit and unhealthy to very fit and strong in a year, if already skinny?
What is the best exercise routine that may be done daily at home for 10 minutes for all round fitness?
What are the best exercises to work your lower abs?
What are the initial steps for doing pushups?
Why does eating protein before a workout make you sweat more?
Is it possible to completely transform yourself with just a few pairs of dumbbells and pull-up bars?
Is bike riding good exercise for losing weight?
How do you strengthen your middle section and bottom without excessive exercise?
As a female, how can I gain more muscle mass in my upper body? What are the best workouts?
How safe are fitness bands to wear all the time?
Should you use your core on every exercise you do when weightlifting?
What makes me wheeze after exercising?
Do guys in the locker room at the gym talk comment about some of the ladies to each other?
Why should I make time for exercise?
How can I ensure, as a personal trainer, that I'm offering my clients varied workouts so they keep coming back?
How much exercise must a heart patient do at age 70? What diet is recommended?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of going to the gym before going to college?
What is the best workout for both fat loss and building a bit of muscle?
What are the best whole body exercises?
Should I exercise with somewhat sore legs?
What is the best workout to strenghten my core?
Should I feel the pump after working out my upper back?
What kind of workouts are for getting stronger without getting bigger (muscle mass) like the guys on America's Ninja Warriors?
Why do I cramp as soon as I start running?
How can I work up to being able to do beginner spinal stretches in yoga?
Is it bad if I do only weight training and no other type of exercise for a whole year? Would doing both weight lifting and cross country be better?
How often in a week should I hit the gym in order to get a bulky body?
Should I add dumbbell workout to my routine?
How many times a week should I drink?
I am trying to get better at medicine ball overhead throws. Should I focus more on the muscles I need or just continue my full bodybuilding workout?
How can I stay motivated to exercise? I have good health and don't have any issues so I always talk myself out of it.
What is the best machine for abs in the gym?
Is lifting heavy things an alternative to lifting weights, or does it break the muscle down?
Can spondylolisthesis be cured through yoga?
Is it normal to have red spots on your arms after training (crossfit)?
Which trainer is better: Jillian Michaels or Kayla Itsines?
Is abdominal breathing a type of yoga?
When did you decide to use a lifting belt?
How can I start exercising after an accident?
What is the best training exercise for surfing?
Why did you stop running?
If I work out and don't wipe away the sweat, making it seep back into my pores, will it render the workout useless?
The body produces adrenaline to raise the heartbeat during both exercise and emotional stress. Why, then, is exercise good for the heart, but stress isn't?
How do I train effectively in Ramadan -Weightlifting?
How frequently should you squat?
Should those who have heavy weight bodies do push ups?
Do our height increase after the age of 17 if we do regular exercise?
Can I quit gym and start doing only cardio?
Which is the best gym in Indore for girls?
What is the correct time to go jogging?
What streches can I do before crossfit?
How do I regain my flexibility?
Do three 10-minute workouts per day give the same health benefits as one 30-minute workout using treadmill?
Are there specific ab exercises to form abs for women or do they give the same results for both genders?
How do you sway back and forth?
Does it count as exercise if it doesn't raise your heart rate?
Should I move on to free weights?
Is a glass of red wine equivalent to an hour at the gym?
What are the best workouts/exercices to get a cobra back?
How often should you resistance train when you are in your mid-40s?
What is a good leg routine for a 5′7″ tall guy who weighs 60kg? My routine is in the details.
What advice should I follow in regard to diet and exercise when working out for strength but not bodybuilding for show?
Could you suggest me a workout?
Should I workout if my elbow hurts whenever I fully extend it?
What yoga poses should I avoid if I have SI joint pain?
How can I have upper, middle and lower chest workouts with just push-ups?
Is it enough having one weight training and one aerobic workout a week?
When is it better to drink water in the morning, before exercising or afterward?
Which workout targets the most muscles in the body?
Which is the good exercise for back pain?
I am 165 cm tall, and I weigh 44kg. I exercise twice/week and eat healthy, but somehow my body stopped changing. How can I gain muscle mass?
How we can loose weight with little exercise?
Has anyone had a knee arthroscopy for microfissures? Was it successful? I can't exercise my leg as instructed without excruciating pain.
What's the fastest way of looking strong and fit?
What shoulder exercises can I do to get big sculpted shoulders like NBA players?
How can I increase my strength without going to a gym or that sort of thing?
Is it possible to run a marathon with no training at all?
Besides health, is there any real benefit to exercising and being fit?
What are your best eye muscles stretching techniques?
What are the best strength exercises for women?
How is walking good for the heart?
Why does my squat improve more than my bench?
Can a 42 year old man who made it to his goal by dropping 67 pounds, work on his abs and have abs?
What is the best equipment for Nike+ Training Club (exercise rookie)?
How does a big chest size help?
What is the best for weight loss, going to a gym or aerobic activity?
Can I get a good upper body by doing 100 push ups a day?
If you start running in grade 11 and with no training start with a 18:30 5k, is there any hope for you?
Would it be better if I stopped doing workouts until the exams are over?
Do any IPS officers do gym workouts regularly?
Should I stop gaming as a 15-year-old in order to get better grades and to get fit?
Why do most beginner work out programs have an excessive emphasis on squatting?
Does NSIT have a gym? If so, is it good enough to work out?
I have been hitting the gym for a while with no visible abs, how long did it take you to get them visible?
Why do we get so stiff after exercising? I am 64 and can barely move after too much exercising.
Does going to the gym and lifting help you lose fat? I've been doing it regularly for 4 months, but I still have a two pack. I'm still fat.
Which is a better way to lose weight, exercise or detox tea?
How much heat does a workout produce?
How does a foodie, who hates to exercise, lose weight?
Is working out (push-pull legs routine) effective for an ectomorph beginner?
Why do I always feel like I have the flu for a few days after I work out?
What fitness app do you use to keep track of your workout and achieve goals?
Why do we lose endurance first when we stop weight training?
I want to start Yoga at home. What type of routine can I do daily for stretching and as a workout?
How bad does weightlifting or even calisthenics affect your drawing?
What are the differences between exercises to build strength and exercises to build muscle?
Should I be concerned that my right thigh makes these loud cracking sounds everytime I do a squat?
What will happen if I do 1,000 leg raises a day?
Is chest and back a good workout?
Should I workout before or after studying as a high schooler?
What are the pros and cons of ankle weights?
Does exercise help you sleep better?
What exercises can I do at home in order to gain weight healthily?
I need to increase my stamina in around a week for a boxing match. How do I do it?
Why is the tongue fastest muscle we have?
I'm experiencing extreme muscle pain from both arms and shoulders, due to a dumb workout, that has lasted for 3 days, what should I do?
Should a 60 year old join a gym?
What are some ways to get your legs leaned out but muscular? I would like to stay fit but have thinner thighs.
What are the best websites for workouts?
How can you prevent getting spasms in your thighs?
Is going to the gym good for the physique of a girl?
How often should I do cardio besides weight lifting for fat loss?
Is it necessary to reduce the number of bars in a column if its height is being reduced?
Should I always use eccentric slow movement in every single reps of my workout?
What is the best exercise to make your neck broader?
Do I reduce height if I go to the gym?
Is there such a thing as exercise intolerance? Every time I attempt to exercise I feel dreadful and sick.
Bikini season is around the corner. What running workout is best to lose some weight?
Which upper body workouts will make paddling easier while surfing?
Is there an age which I should stop going to the gym?
What is the perfect weekly workout plan to gain muscle at a fast pace? Currently, I workout all of my muscles, except my shoulders and legs, twice a week.
What type of exercises can be done with a stretch band?
Why should I do breathing exercises?
Do I look like I’m in good physical shape?
I have to work for 15 hours a day and have no time for exercise. How do I reduce my belly size and weight?
What is the best exercise for a 59-year-old person?
Will walking on all fours strengthen my knee caps?
How long must I wait in order to workout after gynecomastia (liposuction) treatment?
What is the best time to do cardio (Walk, Jog and Running), before weights or after weights?
How do I build muscle without going to the gym?
I've exercised moderately every other day for a year. I'm 50+ years old. Will my muscles ever stop being sore?
Which stationary exercise burns the most per hour?
What should I do If I am a student and don’t get time for exercise?
Why do people walk to places instead of running?
While weight training, should an older person take more "rest” days between workouts than someone who is younger?
Which exercises can increase our height after 18 years old?
How do I take whey protein, before workout or after workout?
Is the forearm a push or pull muscle?
Can a person become 6ft or 6ft 5in+ tall by exercising, regardless of genetics?
For strengthening and long term health of tendons and ligaments, are low reps more effective or high reps?
How will 8 minutes of sprinting and 45 minutes of swimming twice a weekend affect me physically?
What are the best videos that demonstrate proper squatting technique?
Is on-the-spot jogging effective?
Can I gain muscle if I don't add calories to my diet, while doing an increasing workout routine?
How do I know how I should exercise in the gym?
What are the requirements for an advanced yoga class?
Will yoga help me reduce my BP?
After a long break from exercise, which protein supplement is good for recovery?
Should I workout everyday and how long if I'm weak and skinny?
What is the longest I should be riding an exercise bike?
What is the best physical activity for a 50-year-old to keep fit?
What gives you motivation for fitness?
How can I make my calf muscles bigger?
Why do a lot of non-straight women have broader shoulders? Is it a biological reason linked to homosexuality?
If you are trying to lose weight in two weeks, lifting weights, doing squats, Zumba, and walking, and drinking plenty of water, does this help?
How important is a fit body in terms of survival and life expectancy?
My parents say if I miss school for being sick, then I can't lift weights the same day. Is this right?
How do I get mass on my chest?
Which is best, running or swimming?
Which is better for burning calories, calisthenics or weight training?
What is the difference between CrossFit and gym exercises?
What is a good weight training routine 2 times a week?
Does the size of muscles increase temporarily just after a workout?
Why aren’t simple carbohydrates not recommended pre-workout?
Why does Quincy Larson always recommend audiobooks and when does he listen to them?
What are the tips to be followed during workouts?
I'm 20. How can I go from 5 ft 9 to 6 ft 1?
What is the shortest and most effective daily gym routine?
What's the fastest way to lose weight with visible difference if you don't go to the gym?
How many times a week I can do full Sudarshan Kriya in follow up sessions? Is there any side effect if I do it 4 to 5 times a week?
Can a complete strength training program be built around kettlebell swings, the barbell deadlift, and bodyweight pull-ups?
Should I do calisthenics or running as a teenager to get fit and skinny and healthy?
What should I do to improve my arm strength for push up?
How long should I work out at the gym to lose weight?
Is there any disadvantage in taking protein powder to the gym for a guy?
If served dessert before dinner at a formal event, do I eat it before or after the entree?
Which is the best beginner gym workout routine to build muscle and lose fat for a 32 year old male?
What is the best yoga burn program for women?
Is it possible to build a good muscular body in 1 -2 months without going to the gym?
How can I reduce my arms?
Its been 8 month since I stopped exercising. My body feels stiff, my hands and my rest of my body feels warm all the time. What can I do to get well?
Can I attract women by being lifting weights?
Is exercise bad for you?
What is the best way for a senior to strength train?
I've been working out for 2 years now, I have packed on good amount of muscle mass but I don't have definitive cuts, how do I get toned muscles?
What results can be seen after doing 20 minutes elliptical trainer daily?
Why is exercise so underrated?
Can you improve vision with excercise?
I only have a bench for bench press, leg lifts on the bench and 56 pounds worth of weights. What workouts can I do?
What is the proper form for pull-ups and push-ups in the Air Force?
What is the perfect exercise to remove belly fat?
What are the benefits Of Fitness And Exercise?
What’s the fastest you ever sprinted?
What is the best strength training program for a 62 year old man trying to build muscle?
Can you join the best yoga center in the world?
Why don't depressed people just think positively, volunteer, and exercise?
Are hula hoop rotations beneficial in any way if they’re included alongside weight training?
Why should you warm up before playing badminton?
Is walking for 20 minutes a day with a controlled diet, but then lying on the couch for the rest of the day going to help me lose weight?
If a skinny person lifts, does he get bigger or more toned?
Can I use a home pull-up bar if I weigh 250 lbs?
What do we need to do to keep ourselves inspired to work out daily?
How long will it take to walk 3 miles?
What is the best exercise for a flat stomach?
Why does my gym instructor despise cardio?
Shouldn’t the Indian police maintain fitness standards even for regular service members since most lose track of fitness once they get selected?
What length should exercise bands be?
Can an employer round up hours if less then 30 minutes?
What are some side effects for 16-year-old boys who go to gym?
How can I build a strong app?
What kind of weightlifting is best for hurdling?
What is the best way to burn 3,500 calories in one day?
What are the differences in calorie burning in walking and biking?
How do I get strong forearms plus a lot of stamina?
How many trams run in Poznań every day?
Why do the muscles above and to the sides of my mouth constrict when I swing my arms in full circles?
If I swim 36 laps instead of 24 laps, 3 times / week, will my metabolism be faster on the days following these workouts?
How can I add bodyweight exercises on workout days?
Which PSU has no physical fitness test?
How much weight and repetitions do you do while doing squats and deadlifts?
How often should I work a muscle group as a teenager?
What are the reasons to feel shortness of breath and sweating while excercising?
How can I improve my cardiovascular fitness for the 12 minute Cooper run?
What are some good physical exercises for sex?
If pushups on a carpet will limit your gains (I've been told), wouldn't doing them on a yoga mat or on grass have the same effect?
How do I build an amazing body at home?
What is the quickest possible way to gain muscle as a basketball player?
How do I program a HealthStream GS1195T endurance treadmill?
What is the best diet and exercise program for a 300lb man like myself?
Does doing uperbody weight lifting build visible abs?
Can I workout with dumbbells after a meal?
How does a slim person build up his muscles in the next 4 months?
Which exercises are best for the butt if I have hip dysplasia and bad knees?
What's a good routine for a full workout at a gym?
Can I do abs workouts daily during, before or after going to the gym?
What exercises should I do?
What type of exercises are preferred for spondylolisthesis patients?
How important is it to eat after a workout?
Besides weight loss, what are the benefits of daily exercise?
Should peanuts be eaten before or after a workout?
Who are your role models in gym and fitness?
How many squats should one do for quick results?
What are some good basic exercises for a 14 year old to do inside?
I have been having a sore lower back, which just escalated with a level-up on a dead-weight rep. Should I just keep applying heat and wait it out?
Should I give blood after running for 4 miles?
What are the benefits of performing moderate exercises?
What would you think to be the best training regimen with the available exercises?
Between running, cycling and rowing which one results in the highest energy expenditure and why?
Can I get fit body just by walking one hour a day?
What are some easy ways for people with desk jobs to stay fit?
What should be eaten for breakfast when you workout in the evening everyday?
Is there any free workout and nutrition regimen website or app with feedback for getting fit?
If those who are against treadmill running were to live in a place with an extreme climate, would they still run outdoors?
Is it possible to be explosive and do plyometric exercises at 80 or more years of age?
Does aerobic exercise help in migraine?
Why does inactivity cause more tiredness than physical activity?
Why do people get weaker with age despite following the same fitness routine and diet regimen?
What are the things one can do to be fit?
How can I build my body being a vegetarian and without gym?
How does one transition into eating two meals per day and exercising again without screwing up their metabolism?
How long does it take to see results from working out as a teen?
Should I workout with my girlfriend?
Is there any standard workout routine for Ectomorphs?
Is it okay to just do side jacknives for obliques? Because I heard somewhere that obliques work for twisting as well.
What are the benefits of walking lunges, and which muscles do you work out?
How do I reverse type 2 diabetes with food and exercise alone? Please include specifics meal plans or type of exercises in your answer.
Which exercises will give you broad shoulders without going to a gym?
What is the importance of aerobic activities?
Is it possible for an athlete to have the strength and muscles of a bodybuilder, and the endurance of a marathon runner at the same time?
Will continuous exercise to my physical limits, even in old age, give me a longer lifespan?
What exercises can I do to gain strength and increase muscle size? Also, how do I reduce belly fat?
Is jogging for two minutes then walking for eight and doing that for twenty minutes good?
After how many days can eyes be cured by yoga?
Is my perception right that harsh prison sentences were pushed during the crack epidemic but in the current heroin problem they're pushing treatment?
What are the health benefits of early morning exercises?
Can I do push ups after breakfast?
Why is it important to stretch after exercise, what happens if I don't?
How do I train for 8k run?
How can I make my stomach flatter in a week?
How do I strengthen my legs for a backstroke kick?
What are good exercises to get strong enough to pick up a person?
What’s the best arm and forearms routine?
Which is more important for muscle building: more weight and more/less reps or less weight and more/less reps?
How do I create the perfect workout plan for me if I'm a beginner and want to work out three times a week at the gym?
I am 20 years old and very lean. I have a 20 kg gym kit. What exercises should I do with it to build muscles?
Does arthritis and strenuous exercise go hand and hand when you are older, e.g. above 70?
What are some breathing exercises that increases the lung capacity?
How should I fix my squat?
Are there great alternative exercises for swimming?
If you could only choose one way to lose weight, between dieting and exercising, which one would be more effective?
At age 50, should a woman do yoga or go to the gym?
How many push-ups are you able to do on a daily basis?
How much should I workout/run each day as a teen?
How can I start gym exercises for good health?
Is it true that bodyweight workouts gives more strength than weight training?
What is the use of pull up and pull down resistors in a micro-controller?
Why doesn't the body want to exercise?
Is it possible to get a pointy nose with nothing else but face exercises?
What kind of physical exersice can I do to be strong and fat?
Is it really possible for a man of 28 to become fit and esthetic after being obese for 15+ years by following strict excercise and diet regiments?
What are some of the most effective bodyweight exercises to do while traveling?
What are gym membership fees per month in Copenhagen for weightlifting?
I have missed 8 days of my gym due to fever. Will I lose my gains?
What are the best yoga asanas and exercises without any stress on the belly and abdomen?
Should you train rear delts on a pull day or push day?
Does getting drunk remove 2 weeks of weight training?
What is the best alternative to a personal trainer?
How do I cancel a Weibo VIP membership without paying?
Are Zen monks encouraged to engage in physical exercise? If not, why?
Are AirPods good to use while running?
After doing yoga religiously and being vegetarian (eating very little oil) for a month, I've lost only 2kg. Should I be worried?
I want to build a fitness software application. What are people's worst pain points when getting into shape? Workout planning, nutrition, etc.?
How can I prevent pain in my knees while doing leg stretching?
If exercising a lot keeps you young and is anti-ageing, then why do many who work out have a lot of wrinkles?
What do I need to do to build strength for Parkour/Calisthenics?
How effective would the One Punch Man workout be?
Why can't I find the energy and motivation to work out?
Is it normal for the front part of my calves to hurt from standing too long?
What workout plan should be followed if planning to have a baby without risking a miscarriage due to stress?
What is the name of a small engine that can lift 100 kg of weight?
What are some good ways to go from skinny to fit?
Which type of pushups are good for us?
If a man never works out, what will happen to him? Will he live a shorter life than the men who work out regularly?
What are some effective excersises I can implement into my workout routine that will speed up my progress towards a one arm pull up?
Can I work out my abs using just a pair of dumbbells?
How can I begin the business in yoga?
What are the best workouts for building back muscles in 2017?
Why do I feel so turned on sometimes after I workout on my legs?
How frequently do YOU back squat vs. front squat?
Should I just keep studying all day or go out and have some physical training as a refreshment (preferably a gym)?
If you have a hypertension problem and are on a prescription of high BP tabs, at what time you should take the tablet in the morning if you do cardio workouts?
How do I start taking action and start losing weight? I keep planning but can never get started.
Are there any positives to working out the same muscle two days in a row?
How and when do I get back in my shape?
How can I get a lean body at home without using any equipment?
What exercises are there to lose belly, hip, and thigh fat?
What are scarecrow exercises?
After how many days is it safe to start exercising again after suffering from a cold?
How can I get flat abs in 6 weeks?
How many days does it take the shoulders to recover after workout?
Can high intensity exercise cause a stroke?
How can I workout and not be sore?
Is it okay to do both swimming and gym after 50?
Is it bad for someone who weight lifts not to have a calorie surplus?
How does exercise intensity affect your heart rate?
How can I reduce my belly fat and waist size from 35 to 28 or 29 as they keep on increasing even though I workout?
What's a good way to lose 10kg in 2 weeks without much exercise?
What exercise would you suggest for a woman to lose thigh fat?
What is the best way to reduce weight, working out at the gym or running?
Why do some people have small hips and big thighs?
What are the most effective traps exercises?
How can I calculate the calories that I have burned and make a diet plan like fitness coaches do?
How does the intensity and duration of exercise affect the hormonal response?
What is a good diet to follow? I just joined the gym to make me fit.
How can I go to a gym without losing my cheeks?
How much excercise is considered excessive?
How can I keep doing exercise if I'm not eating well?
As a bodybuilder with a hunchback, what kinds of concerns should I have while lifting weights? What are the exercises I should/shouldn't be doing?
How long should I exercise/workout when time isn't an issue?
What are some examples of muscular endurance?
Which workout will broaden my upper body frame?
Do workouts affect growth?
Will running help lower body weight?
Why do wrists hurt while doing a downward dog yoga position?
Why does a suit become inconvenient when you put your hand up?
Running is the best thing for me to keep my mood in check. It's my hobby. How can I improve muscle gain at gym and not cut my running?
How does Akram Khan stays consistent in his workouts?
Can I do body weight exercises after intense weight training?
What sort of physique would you like to have?
Which are the best chest exercises to develop the outer pectoral muscle?
What is a good intense 10-15 minute kettlebell workout I could do after work?
How many times per week should I do a HIIT workout, and how many times should I do a strength workout?
After an exercise, I felt like throwing up and my vision became very bright, like the grass was glowing neon green. Does anyone know why it occurred?
Is alcohol good, when we practice regularly at the gym?
How can you prevent feeling dizzy when working out?
Is lifting 30kg weight 20 times and 20kg 30 times the same?
How much exercise is safe in the morning?
How can we be fit mentally and physically?
How do I reduce my body fat and get ripped?
What can I do, when my right chest is bigger than my left chest?
How many miles should I run a week?
What are some home workouts for skinny teenagers?
What is the simplest way to gain stamina?
Will weightlifting stunt height growth?
How can I make my right shoulder lift up as far as the left while walking?
Does Jocko Willink really workout 7 days a week every morning?
What's the best way to run a sub-3 minute 800 meter run?
What are some calisthenics exercises for shoulders (that do not involve pull-up bars)?
Do all aerobic activities have the same health benefits?
When can I lift weights after a back operation?
How do some guys get so strong without ever hitting the gym?
What are the best outfits for workout for a female (it would be helpful with images)?
How do I run the 400 meter dash properly?
How can you lose 10 lbs in one day without exercising or starving yourself?
When I want toned arms and don't want to build a lot of muscle, should I use less weight and do more repetitions or more weight and less repetitions?
What are some exercises to burn stomach and thigh fat?
Should I start gymming?
What will happen if I stop exercising for 7 days?
How do young working people in Bangalore stay healthy despite huge office work load ?
How can I be more fit?
Does doing push-ups and lifting dumbbells, daily, affect one's basketball shooting form?
How do I complete 1,600 meters in 7 minutes?
Why does every train stops at Visakhapatnam for 20 minutes?
What is the best workout routine for an 18 year old to reduce fat?
What is the difference between a bulk body and a lean body?
What is a good workout routine for those trying to gain weight?
What do I need to do at home to get my abs to show if I'm already skinny?
What body weight is enough to make you feel heavy against a push?
How do I maintain flexibility of my body when I'm working out regularly?
If you lift a 5lb weight a hundred times, is that the same "work" on the muscle as one lift with a 500lb weight?
Is there an easy way to fix text neck posture?
What if a fit man stops exercising?
What should I avoid eating before intense cardio training to stop me from needing to poop?
What is the best form of HIIT workout?
Is a morning walk good for your health?
How can I gain my body structure?
What are some agility exercises examples?
How do I build my upper chest?
In a month or two, can you get a decent six-pack of abdominals?
How many sit-ups would a person have to do in a single night to see results the next day?
What kind of exercises would you recommend for a teenager who wants to start gaining muscle mass at home, without fancy equipment?
What music/song should I be listening to while running or working out?
How do one start exercising after a C-section?
Which one jumps faster, a guy without a jump-rope or a guy with a jump-rope?
What are the pros and cons of stretching everyday?
Is it possible for a 24-year-old to lose those last 5 kgs, i.e., stubborn belly fat, without exercise?
What happens if you do cardio on a calorie surplus?
How do I do a plank properly?
When should I start to exercise after my pregnancy?
What exercises can help to reduce stiffness in my broken wrist?
Does doing a minute plank daily increase core strength or just simply increase endurance later on?
What are the best medicines and exercises for a healthy brain?
What exercises will make you strong sexually after fifties?
How do I get bigger hips naturally?
Can one exercise after one’s kidney stones have been removed?
What are some great strength training exercises that can be done anywhere?
Did stretching, hanging, sprinting or any sort of exercise work for you to grow taller? If so, how?
Which pranayama and yoga poses are recommended for someone who has already quit smoking?
If you apply pressure to a bone every day, will it eventually move in the direction you are pushing it?
What grade of iron is used in gym equipment?
Where can I learn about losing weight without dieting and exercising?
What are the benefits of doing squats every day?
Should I do cardio then weight lift, or vice versa?
How does running increase your fitness? How much time should I spend running every day?
How do I increase my muscles?
Will I gain weight if I go to the gym only 2 times a week?
How can I rebuild and strengthen cartilage?
What is a way to reduce the breadth of only the lower body, especially thighs, but not the upper body?
What muscle groups do I need to improve for a better physique?
Which exercises are good for sex?
What is a good amount of sit ups to do daily to strengthen my abs?
What's a good workout routine for maximum health benefits with little risk of injury?
How can I improve my stamina and strength?
Is Surya Namaskar equal to walking (e.g. are 30 rounds of Surya Namaskar equal to 30 minutes of walking)?
How can I build muscle at home with a pair of dumbbells 15kgs each and doing pushups?
How do I wake up early in the morning, in hot summers, to exercise and not feel lazy?
What is the name of exercise machine?
Is it bad for men to have soy protein (more specifically after weight lifting)?
Is there a way to lose belly fat without eating healthy and exercising?
Suppose that I am doing a chest or back workout in which I rarely have to walk. Are the calories burnt during these workouts being counted by the Mi Band 2?
What is a good fitness routine for a musician especially a guitarist?
Is one egg per day enough for muscle gain?
How can I learn to do one handed push-ups?
How many months does it take for a complete body transformation if we do gym workouts for 2 hours a day, 6 days a week?
How do I avoid losing muscle mass?
Why am I losing body weight but my shape is not changing?
My legs are too skinny compared to my upper body, so what are the best leg workouts to build heavy and thicker legs?
Which is better, doing mat exercises or going to the gym?
What are some very simple free-hand exercises for absolute beginners at home?
Can one get a six pack body by doing yoga?
How long and how often should I exercise to see some serious muscle gains?
Can Sennheiser wireless headphones be used for workouts in the gym?
How do you calculate relative fitness?
What happens when you lift weights with your penis?
What's the best way to lose weight slowly? I work away a lot, so I stay at a hotels. I don't do any exercises at the moment, and I'm currently 5'9 at 270 lbs.
How much should you rest in a day?
How expensive is it to open a bouldering gym versus a normal gym?
What is cardio exercise?
How can I work on my pectorals with no bench, just dumbbells and a barbell?
Should we do cardio before weights? Or cardio after weight training?
Will I lose fat if I jog in one spot for 30 minutes a day?
How do I learn CrossFit without a trainer?
How can I maintain my physical fitness while I'm over 60?
Does anyone lift weights in space?
Is it true that you train push-ups daily without resting?
What are the best YouTube channels for fitness which teaches step by step to beginners and nutrition channel for maintaining proper healthy life?
What else can I do to loosen up my calves?
Is there an exercise which can replace sit-ups? I've heard they have a high body DMG percent.
What is the best elliptical/cross trainer machine for the home in India?
Is going to the gym worth it or can I stay fit at home?
What is the best gym in Greeley, Colorado?
How can I as a woman be as strong/fit as some of the crossfitters out there?
How do I make my back thighs bigger?
What are some upper body workouts if you’re so weak you can't do a push up?
Is it good if I run for 30 minutes, stop a little bit, then carry on running?
Why am I having aches and soreness when I work?
What should I do first in a cycle of meditation, yoga and exercise?
What are the best yoga exercises for the brain?
Why can't I do more than 20 push ups? Could it be that my back is too weak?
How do you perform lingual exercises?
Will I gain muscle faster if I have a fitness coach?
How can I build a massive chest with heavy weights?
Why do women refuse to go to the gym by saying they don't want to look mannish?
Will strengthening my toes and ankles increase my vertical jump and running speed?
How do I maintain my BMR and muscle mass after I stop exercising?
What are the simple but important exercises I should do if I am a teenage girl?
What are some good workout routines for a rowing machine?
How can I build muscles if I have a coronary heart disease?
What books do you recommend for nutrition plans, workout routines, and getting a healthy, ripped body?
What is better for a (sprinting) athlete, pull ups or barbell rows?
How many kms should I run to lose 7 kg per month?
How can I lift and tone flabby arms with a workout? How long does it take? Is it really effective with excess skin?
Is going to the gym once every two days good?
Will our stomach increase if we stop doing abdomen exercises?
What should I think if my recovering anorexic sister wants to start going to the gym with me? Should I be worried?
How do you know if the weights are too heavy or if you are just wimping out?
Is it normal to yawn when you're at the gym working out?
Will push-ups alone help in fat reduction?
How can I get back into the shape I was in 5 years ago? I'm 25 years old. How much time is it probably going to take?
How do you do yoga on your own?
Why can I lift 85% of my max with good form and speed but at 95% my form breaks down and I can barely get in a couple of reps?
What is a single exercise that combines aerobic and anaerobic activity?
What is a good workout routine for getting cut, diet included?
Why aren't you exercising right now?
What are some examples of muscular endurance in sports?
How do fitness models get ripped?
Why do my forearms hurt when I hold heavy weights?
Is it safe and healthy to do heavy weight squat for a person with flat feet and overpronation?
Why is exercising indoors better than exercising outdoors when there is high ozone concentration in the air?
What’s more important, an 8 hour good night sleep or exercising in the morning?
Should I do cardio/HIIT for 1-2 months then weights?
How does the weight of a body affect its motion if the body is moving on a horizontal plane?
Other than losing weight, how do you make yourself able to walk around for several hours consecutively without having sore legs?
What workout can you recommend to strenghten my lower back?
Why can’t I deadlift my 1-rep max after a 4-rep warm-up set, but I can deadlift the 1-rep max on days when I do zero warm-up?
How long does it take to cure varicocele through yoga?
I have very chubby legs with cellulite, what exercises can I do to shed fat from my legs as well as tone my legs and butt altogether?
Is cardio really necessary for fat loss?
How can a person start exercising again after gaining a lot of weight and losing motivation?
What is the minimum age for a person to join the gym?
How do I workout?
What are the sports for lower body weight loss?
Is it bad to do squats when taking a shower?
Which exercise machines do you use at home for working out?
Why do my legs hurt after running?
How effective are isometric exercises?
Why do I get a rash when I exercise?
What kind of exercises do you need to do to get a bigger butt?
Why does leg workout takes most strength?
Would I have stronger legs in only 1 month of gym to win the sprint competition? I've been working out a bit earlier. I really want the truth!
What are good companies to buy above-average-weight free weights from?
What physical activity is required for the CRPF?
In terms of losing weight, is it better to go on a diet and not exercise as much, or to eat normally and create a strict fitness routine?
Lets just say if I jogged a mile which I do everyday, will creatine build my body if I just run/jog a mile everyday?
I run a 5:20 mile and want to run a sub 4:40 by the beginning of track season in 9 months. What type of training do I need to run it?
Do leg muscles build stamina?
What is the effect of exercising in a polluted or low oxygen environment vs a low pollution and/or a high oxygen content?
How do you get flat abs in a month?
Has any one achieved great results by doing yoga daily?
What should I eat at night (dinner) to reduce my belly fat?
I'm a 16 year old girl and just ran a 8:50 mile. I haven't done any physical activity in the last 2 years. How do I improve my mile time?
How do toned arms differ from muscular arms?
Is it bad to exercise if you are a heavy smoker?
How can I increase my stamina for running?
Why is my right arm swollen after a workout at the gym? I am having no pain but my arm feels heavy. What is the reason?
How many reps per set are necessary while lifting weights to build muscle?
How does an ABS work?
What should be eaten just before workout?
What should overweight people do in the gym to avoid injuries and getting bored?
What five weight training exercises would you choose for a full body routine?
Is it easier or harder to burn fat as a teen than an adult?
How many calories can we burn in six km walk?
What is the intense heat I feel in my quads after a run?
What are the exercises I should do for running 100m if I am aiming for the Olympics?
Are there any downsides of exercising by climbing stairs?
How do I get really strong forearms?
How much exercise should I get each day if I work a desk job?
If you wanted a personal trainer, would you pay an Exercise Science student?
What would happen to the fat acceptance movement if a new drug which makes you lose weight without dieting and exercise was released?
How do I build enough strength to do a push-up while my 120lb girlfriend is sitting on my back?
To what extent can light aerobic exercise lower blood pressure?
What are the best exercises for strength for groin muscle?
How can I keep my knees in line when squatting? I experience a lot of popping and clicking after I squat.
How do I eat without lifting my arm?
Why do I feel like puking or vomiting every time I complete a gym workout?
Can you bulk up without getting more fat?
What's Dale Steyn's workout?
How many calories does 30 push-ups and 30 sit-ups burn?
Is there an app where I can compete with others (not real time) to go up rankings for treadmill runs over 5km?
What is a good beginner workout for strength and muscle built?
How much exercise should I be doing right now?
How many calories does 20 minutes of running burn?
When you do cardio, does your heart get stronger? Or do your muscles just use the oxygen more efficiently?
Are the deadlifts and squats helping to reduce weight and burn fat?
Is it cool to grunt and moan while lifting weights at the gym?
How do you determine how much weight is right for you for a leg press?
Why do your hands shake after lifting weights?
What are some weight bearing exercises?
What are wrong things in yoga, is it medically foolproof?
Can I get bigger hips with weightlifting/training? How?
What happens when a female bodybuilder stops working out?
How many times a day should I work out?
What's the ideal time duration for cardio exercise per day at the gym? This is for huge weight reduction for men.
How can I solve the main problems about having a fitness life?
How do I get a longer penis with a strong erection? And what about Kegel exercises? If they are good, how do you do them?
What are some helpful tips/hacks to go up in weight in strength training?
How long do I have to do these exercises until I have normal posture?
How can I lose fat, get skinny, fit and healthy as a teenager and fit in my clothes?
What are the benefits of doing pushups? How does it help women? How many reps. should one do?
Why does it seem that every fitness and bodybuilding instructor advocates against cardio training, when in fact it’s one of the best exercises you can do?
How can I use my Apple Watch to my advantage to help me be healthier?
Can we go to the gym after swimming?
Is it normal that my left side of the body (legs, shoulders, arms, chest) is bigger than my right even though I'm right handed?
How do I get visible abs?
Is it difficult to reduce fat around your hips after the age of 65, especially in summer when it is too hot to walk? What can I do, other than going to gym or using a treadmill?
What are the effects of not working out for 3 weeks?
What is the best exercise routine for a skinny 13-year-old?
If I don't sweat while riding my bicycle, does that mean I am not burning calories?
Why is it difficult for most people to exercise 20 minutes 3 times each week?
What all exercises/cardio/gym can I (26-years-old) do to lose 18 kg (92-74 ideal), considering that my right shoulder joint got dislocated and relocated?
How many calories does bending over backwards burn?
Can I lift weights 5 days in a row? I'm 42 years old.
Can I run 2.4 km in 15 minutes?
What is the importance of rest after a workout?
Am I allowed to use the gym after school?
Which type of stretches are recommended for the beginners, dynamic or static?
What is Vivek Mittal's opinion on Stronglifts, Starting Strength, or any other strength-training routines?
What are some tips for improving leg flexibility?
Is there a way to meet women in my yoga classes?
After I eat lunch, what can I drink/eat as far as bodybuilding supplements to lower my hunger until post-workout?
Does regular diet and exercise help with anxiety and depression?
How are Frenkel exercises beneficial for an ataxia patient?
What should one eat if he wakes up at 6:30am, and has to be at the gym by 7am?
If I don't feel like going to the gym after work, would going in the morning be a good idea?
Where can I see videos of meditation exercises online?
How do I strengthen my sense of identity without counterproductively strengthening my ego?
We've all heard people say that walking is just as effective as running in terms of exercise. Is this true?
Is it possible to look normal with a receding chin?
Is doing 50 knee press ups the same as doing 25 normal ones?
How do I run the mile at school faster?
How do I maintain a workout diet when living in PG?
How should I stretch before I run?
How do I find a balance between muscle gain and cardio workouts?
How did your body change once you started working out?
Is my workout routine an effective calisthenics workout?
What do you do to stay in shape while on holiday?
What 3 workouts can I do in my little apartment to stay in shape?
What is the science behind not liking to exercise? (in the brain)
What if you didn't eat much but didn't exercise? Would you still lose as much weight as if you exercised and didn't eat much?
Is it good for a single guy to masturbate 3 to 4 times a week?
Talent isn't enough these days. Why?
How long do you have to exercise stock after leaving a company?
Will eating significantly less get me a six-pack faster?
Can a female build up strength same as a male through weight lifting and exercises?
How do I get the motivation to start running and to get fit as a teen?
How do I get toned legs & a big butt?
Why is most of the strength program only three days per week?
What body proportions are best for endurance running?
Why do I have body aches after weight workouts?
What should I do to get fit as a teenager and get skinny, strong and healthy?
What time should a student go to the gym?
How do I go about training for a marathon?
What should one prefer for a toned body, aerobics, Zumba, Pilates, yoga or weight training in the gym?
Why do strength calisthenics (10-15 reps per set) make me more sore than weight training?
How can I get my hip fat back?
What are the results for doing yoga once a week?
Does Compression (& Copper added) really work for sore muscles & other ailments?
Has anyone that you know ever made a lean body without lifting heavy weights?
What could be the reason for not losing fat despite six months of regular gym activity?
Where do you recommend getting cheap, pretty and comfy exercise / yoga attire in Singapore? Is JB worth travelling to for getting cheaper goods?
Should I stop working out when preparing for exams?
How can I get out of running the mile?
How much weight did you burn from yoga?
What are the best exercises that a student should do early in the morning?
How long and to what degree do you need to elevate heart rate in exercise?
What sorts of exercise do you not do?
What are some people who beat aging with exercise and lifestyle?
Does strength training burn fat from the face?
Which floor exercise at home is better for women with bad knee?
Is it better to first lose body fat and then build muscle or both at the same time?
Is swimming for 1 hour daily enough of an exercise for a healthy heart if I also consume a lot of butter daily?
What are some stretches I can do to be able to do the splits?
Where can I find out more about the workout app ginger that helps you find workout partners?
How do I develop biceps and triceps? I do lift (15+15) kg dumbbells but have not gotten any impressive results.
Is 60 Surya Namaskar enough per day for physical activity?
What are the gym workouts for triceps?
I’ve been going to the gym for the last month to build muscles, and I mean big muscles. When will I start seeing a big improvement?
I can run 3k in 17 mins, how to make it below 11 minutes and how long will it take if I run 4 days a week?
How do you adjust your workout routine when you are cutting weight?
Is it advisable to go to the gym during periods?
What is the best way for me to lose my last layer of body fat, but still gain muscle?
What exercise should I do to increase my leg muscles or leg diameter?
What is Zakk Wylde's workout routine?
Can I lose weight by diet alone, or must I also exercise?
How many times should I do eye yoga exercises?
How should I kick start my running (fitness) after a long injury layoff?
What feels better, sex or lifting weights? Don't say sex. It’s overrated.
I feel a lack of power during weight training. What should I do to gain sufficient power to lift heavy weights?
Can you build endurance without running?
How should I be working out?
What should my diet plan for six-pack abs be if I exercise/work out at home without equipment?
Should I take a week off of weight training?
How many days can we stay fit without drinking?
What is the best way to get fit after having Goodpasture Syndrome?
Is it possible to get slimmer calves and a slimmer looking face?
What would happen to exercise ISO if AMT is repealed?
Are there any simple exercises to tone our body?
What is the best plan to lose 10kg weight in 40 days?
What types of exercises can a patient with spondylolisthesis do?
Do I really need a rest day from working out? Please see the comment.
Has anyone grown taller at 16-years-old just by doing yoga?
As a beginner, how long will it take for my abs to recover?
What's the best way to brush up my Mandarin with 3-4 weeks in China?
While doing exercise my shoulders (the area between my neck and arms) starts hurting and I cannot continue my exercise. How can I minimize this pain?
If you were seen doing some unusual exercise (e.g. yoga, parkour), what would your response be to "what are you doing" and "why are you doing that"?
How many calories would a 7 stone female burn running on the spot for an hour?
How do I know I am jogging but not running?
Is it possible to do more than 70 sit-ups in a minute?
Is Krav Maga a strength or cardio workout?
Why am I getting fat? How do I stay fit and toned?
What is the perfect time for exercise?
Why are my thighs so large?
How do you get swole?
What exercises should I do to have a fit body?
What are your top 3 tips for the gym?
What happens if we eat rice after workouts? Is it good or bad?
What are the best 3 biceps exercises for mass?
What are the best jawline exercises?
How do I sew an accordion stretch panel, does the elastic have to be pre-stretched?
What is the best workout plans blog?
Is stretching important post-workout?
What is more important in Yoga- Asanas or Pranayam?
Is standing punishment good for one’s health?
Why should I do triceps dips?
Will girls go crazy over me if I start lifting weights and getting in shape?
What is best street workout equipment?
How much weight are people lifting for the free squat?
How bulletproof are the weighted vests used for exercise?
Where in Rishikesh can I learn Kundalini Yoga?
How can I recover efficiently after workouts?
Apart from working out at the gym, how do men generally train (context: India)?
What are the pros and cons of working out all seven days?
What is squat and milk?
If I do weight training 4 days a week but don't eat enough, will I be in danger of over training?
How should I keep myself fit and healthy?
Is 41 push ups in one minute good for a thirteen year old male?
What is better for weight loss: cardio or weight training?
Is yoga really a good way to lose weight? I've seen many fat people who are really good at yoga.
Are high knees a vigorous exercise?
What are the benefits of working out 7 days a week?
Is doing 300 burpees per day a good workout?
Why are my muscles bigger after a workout?
What style of climbing is the best upper body workout?
How do I get rid of muscular thighs and calves?
What is the best way to jog in the morning?
What is the best ab exercise? What is the best type of exercise for a 6-pack? Don’t worry about nutrition. I've got that covered.
Should I lift weights immediately after eating to gain muscle?
Can you lift things to be strong without using dumbbells?
Can I lose weight by exercising, but not changing my diet?
What is your typical golf warm-up routine?
How can I lose weight again after gaining some due to lack of exercising and rough eating?
Why does lean body mass fluctuates everyday?
Is there any harm in doing strength and cardio exercise everyday?
Which is better for girls, the gym or aerobics?
Is it possible to get biceps, a bigger chest, abs, and a chiseled jaw line?
What are some ways to do weight training that'll help me get ripped when I won't have access to a gym because I'll be traveling long term?
It's been 110 days since I got an operation on my leg for a tendon that had ruptured. I'm still not able to put weight on my leg. Is that normal? What should I do?
Is it advisable to buy a treadmill online?
Should I do a workout with a fan or without a fan? Which way can I burn more calories?
How can I train my (bulky) body for long distance running?
How can I improve my running as I'm asthmatic?
How do I make time for workouts when I have a busy schedule?
Why does time seem to slow down during exercise?
What was the experience like for someone who got into FIT?
How do I burn body fat fast and gain (or maintain at least) muscle?
Has the Hulk really lifted the weight of a star, as some people claim?
Are there better alternatives to stretching? Is yoga one?
How do I get leaner, longer arms and get rid of the muscle in my arms at home?
What should my exercise routine be like if I'm trying to gain weight?
I want to lose fat and gain muscle, should I set my macros to lose or gain weight?
How can I work out (strength, muscle building) while on a trekking tour with no access to a gym?
How can I make my body stronger?
Can I run one hour per day as well as going everyday to the gym? Would such intensity have any down side?
How do I increase my muscles on the sides of my glutes?
Does pre workout and in workout affect male fertility?
How can I get bigger forearms?
How much do you have to Squat in order to dunk?
How can I cure constipation if I have already tried everything including exercises and medications?
How many calories do I burn if I walk for 60 minutes or take 7,000 steps in a day?
What are the best 15 minutes workout to stay in shape?
Where should you start if you want to burn excess fat and do some toning up this summer? Is a cleanse recommended to start with, or are they purely a fad?
What is your preference, fitness training or yoga, and why?
How many push-ups, crunches, leg raises and squats should I do to lose 80lbs?
Is calisthenics more effective at cutting body fat than HIIT training?
What is the strength of strength?
Is it odd that I am able to gain muscle with very little exercise?
How many times a week should I workout to grow a butt?
Is your upper chest important?
What's another way to work on my abs other than abs workouts?
Would a wider back, bigger shoulders, stretched out fully fingers increase your wingspan?
What should I do to lose weight? Should I do cardio or go for weight lifting?
What are the best workouts to get big biceps?
How can I improve my endurance for soccer?
Why is walking in the woods beneficial for your health?
Is morning exercise good for slim guys?
Aside from the importance of nutrition, what are some great exercises to build muscle while efficiently burning fat?
How can I start gym exercises?
Can 100 push ups a day reduce chest fat?
Can squint be cured by exercise?
Can you build a muscular body through yoga, since essentially you are lifting your entire body weight by doing yogic asanas and exercises?
Whats are the best exercises to build huge calves?
Does doing yoga alone could make a person slim and fit?
Will I lose muscle if I lift lighter weights?
How can I manage to get fit, healthy, skinny as a teen?
Is running in place considered a vigorous exercise?
What percentage of macronutrients do I need if I want to get leaner?
How can we get young people to do more exercise?
How can I achieve washboard abs and defined pectoral muscles at home?
What is a good weight bearing exercise for osteopenia?
Does burning fat increase the need for water (substantially)?
Is it possible to lose weight and build muscle through weight training only?
How many calories can you burn by making out, and why?
What is the perfect weekly schedule to reach my highest cardio potential?
Do I still have a chance of widening my hips?
What are some exercises to lift and shape my butt?
What are some of the best calisthenic exercises improve my sprint speed?
How much time should I do cycling to get rid of my pouch-like tummy?
What factors are important in determining the length of time for breath holding when at rest during re-breathing and exercising?
Which exercises and other stuff do you recommend for making your booty grow? Can that happen?
Why is cycling so much more effective than running and why can I attain higher speeds than walking, even when going uphill?
What builds more mass in weightlifting? More reps and less sets or less reps and more sets?
Can a 13-year-old boy perform push-ups? Are there any side effects?
What workout split would be best for someone in the military that requires all around fitness, and incorporates at least 3 days of cardio?
What is the best cardio exercise for someone suffering from back pain?
I’m 15 and I want to increase my shoulder size by a few inches. What workouts should I do?
How do I get in better shape?
How can women get a lean and muscular physique?
How many push-ups are needed per day to get a 6-pack abs?
What are the exercises to cure knock knees?
Is it ok if all I do is work out at the gym and sleep it off? I'm extremely frustrated with everything.
While doing kegel exercises, I used to get pain in my legs. Am I doing them right?
How can I stop being lazy and get motivation to run and get fit and skinny?
Let's say X does strength training for one year, and Y does cardio for one year. Who burns the most fat?
Will losing weight and exercising make cellulite go away?
What is calisthenics all about?
When you stop consuming protein, how long until you feel the effects?
How do I reduce chest fat?
How heavy is too heavy to stop growth?
What are the best workouts to remove fats from upper inner thighs and aroud the hips?
How do the accessory muscles of respiration work?
I want to look fit on my 20th birthday. I have 7 months and I am starting my workout. What should I do for my diet, being from an Indian household?
How do I become muscular in one month?
What is the best exercises for bad knees?
What is the different body shapes of girls?
Do MBBS students go to the gym?
I am lifting weights for over 5 months and taking whey isolates, but do not seem any gain in my muscles. What am I doing wrong?
What are some examples of moderate exercises?
Do you consider yourself as an athelete if you're a bodybuilder who lifts 5-6 times a week?
How can one lose belly and butt fat?
Why is distance running so popular?
Can most women achieve an "hour glass figure" with diet and exercise?
How long does it take to see the effects of a healthy diet, and what are the effects that take place?
Is Ensure a good post-workout drink?
Is it possible for a 24-year-old to lose those last 5 kgs, i.e, stubborn belly fat, without exercise?
What exercise routine should I follow to lose 135 kg in weight?
How should I reduce weight without hitting the gym?
Is there any way I can improve my mental stamina?
What is the best way to reduce weight, by jogging, cycling, or swimming?
How many sit-ups should I do to get abs quickly?
How can I impress girls in yoga class?
Would working out before exams help reduce stress/increase performance?
Is work out + martial arts too much?
Can you have a full workout with only one exercise?
What does it take to be a cardiovascular surgeon?
Should I carry on doing my squats although I have pain in my thighs?
Can simple breathing exercises be practiced without guidance?
How often should one do street workout?
What's the best science-based book on the fundamentals of building muscle and working out?
How do I lose thigh and calves muscles in a month?
What is the main disadvantage of circuit training?
What are some advantages of developing breathing exercises?
Does going to the gym affect one’s studies?
I'm 15 and I want to lose thigh fat and gain upper body strength. What's a good workout plan for me?
Is 6 minutes and 23 seconds a good mile time for a 13 year old?
How do I make sure I'm not slowly losing muscle mass because of over-exercise and a 2000-to-2500-calories-a-day diet?
Why do we need to exercise if you want to get lean?
Which is the best fitness band for under Rs. 1500?
What are some of the best ab workouts at home and with no equipment?
What is the best exercise for monster, massive shoulders? Which supplements are best?
Can I lose weight by doing 1km of running and a 4-minute Tabata workout?
What are good games that function as great brain exercises?
Will a mix of weight lifting and HIIT cardio, while taking supplements, result in fat loss and muscle gain?
What is a Iyengar yoga class like?
What are some workouts that don't need a lot of breathing capacity?
What are the advantages of yoga in daily life?
Can you work out and become a tough guy without taking any supplements?
Can I get a full-body workout with a 45lb kettlebell?
How do I transform my body like Sahil Khan?
How do I lose 10kg in 2 weeks without a lot of exercise? I'm currently 76kg (female), with an athletic build, but my tummy is starting to pop out.
I'm having 5 small meals a day and I lift weights, but I'm not losing the bellyfat for my abs to be visible. I'm not fat. What am I doing wrong?
How did you integrate running, cycling, swimming and lifting daily and still function?
What is the best outfit for ladies going to the gym in India, and where can we get it?
How do I do cardio excercise at home without any equipment?
How come guys at the gym can see through a woman’s workout clothes if she’s wearing a thong?
Should peanuts be considered after or before a workout?
Why do psychiatrists only spend 5 minutes with you? I feel like I need to switch my meds?
Is it okay to extra train arms and shoulders other than in the gym?
Is a toning tube useful for full body making?
How do I work out at home to build a six-pack?
Is masturbation OK after 1 hour of working out in the gym?
Would an exercise routine of squats and pull-ups for two hours a day, six days a week be enough for a 'fit' body?
Do Indian girls go to the gym?
Can you recommend a good post workout snack?
Don't you think it's weird that women shape who they are to get a man, and men shape who they are to get a woman?
What kind of exercises would Vivek Mittal suggest to a 72kg teenage girl if she wants to lose 10kg within one month?
How do I do pullups/chinups?
Why do I sweat more than ladies half my age?
Which is a good two day strength workout program that complements bjj?
Why is it that when I experience nerve pain, like sciatica, that movement takes it away like a simple dumbbell workout with light weights?
Is running 7 km daily in 37-40 minutes good or bad? Is it good for the heart?
Why does exercising make my chest flat? How can I make my boobs bigger?
How do seniors usually commute if they want to leave their homes, for example, to participate in a fitness program?
How would I get abs as soon as possible?
Is it possible to start a mus cell building with Headlock Muscle?
What kind of exercise can lazy people do?
Why should anyone go to the gym and torture his/her body to work on their muscles and abs?
If I run/jog a mile on a treadmill, would I get the same benefits and exercise as if I had run on a track?
Is it safe for a 42 year old man to lift weights 6 days in a row?
I'm a young guy and go to the gym 3 times a week for 6 months, what foods or drinks should I avoid to gain visible abs?
How much body weight can I reduce by exercising on a sedentary bike with losing 150 calories per day?
Can I only get toned by going to a gym only?
How do I maintain muscle mass while on vacation or on an overseas business trip?
Why do my legs feel shaky after exercise?
What exercises can I do so I can twist my upper body around and how long will it take?
What kind of exercise will get me a body like Cameron Dallas?
Is Endura mass good while doing calisthenics?
Do you ever struggle with staying committed to running? What's your biggest motivation?
Can I increase my chest up to 10 inches?
What is the goal of cardiorespiratory endurance?
What are some good exercises to perform on piano to help improve articulation?
It takes me almost an entire year to read and do only 1/4 of the exercises, so how do CLRS book authors design those exercises and problems?
What are the best exercises for men over 40?
Is the strength gained from squatting everyday not permanent?
How can I feel a runner's high again?
What's the difference between HICT, HIIT, HIRT, SMIT, HIVT, and VIIT?
How many times should an adult masturbate in a week?
After a tiresome day, what is it that lifts up your spirit?
What is a good home workout trying to get lean muscle? I don't have dumbells or weights at my house.
What is aerobic endurance in football?
How long does it take until muscle mass starts to go down after not working out?
What workout do you use to train for the 300 meter hurdles?
Does my cardio routine (30 minutes on the treadmill, alternating 1 min intense exercise with 3 min rest) meet the criteria for effective HIIT?
What are some of the best tricep exercises for mass?
I need a workout regimen that will make me as fit as a Navy Seal. What do I do?
Will bodybuilding make women's legs bulky? If not, then why do fitness pros (like Nikki B etc.) have big legs?
How can I train myself (bulky) for long-distance running?
How does a skinny guy get abs without getting even skinnier?
When should I eat food after doing a workout?
Can men wear slim fitting jackets for interviews?
How do pilots manage workouts and hectic flight schedules, to keep themselves fit?
Is yoga or pranayana better for us to keep healthy?
What is the best way to achieve my real complexion after swimming?
Should I draw mind maps and do exercises instead of just reading and doing exercises to get better grades in high school?
Which is better, a workout for your whole body in a single day or a workout for different body parts every other day?
What are the advantages of negatives for chin-ups?
Why is running outside better than on a treadmill?
What is above physically strong for an Adult man?
What are the best facelift exercises?
After a week of doing yoga, especially inhaling and exhaling, I feel some sort of sound or movements at the back of my anus. What could that be?
What are the health benefits of doing pilates during pregnancy?
Why do my thighs hurt after doing squats?
How do weight bearing exercises actually help bones?
What is the cycle of meditation, yoga, and exercise?
Which one is better: skipping or running?
Can I workout my biceps and six pack ab exercises in a single day?
Should I take Protein X after a workout?
Can one build upper pectorals without an incline press?
If at the 'full expression' of a yoga pose the yogi is supposed to be relaxed, why do teachers' dialogs still invoke intensity and hype (push, push!)?
How do you work-out 99²+199²+299²+399²+499²-5?
What are T25 exercises?
What should I eat and what workout should I do to stop my ribs from showing?
What is the chest size of John Abraham with pump in the movie Force?
How do I build muscle on my delts and make my shoulders wider and more muscular?
Is it enough to do a 10 minute bodyweight exercise and then run for 10 to 15 minutes to lose weight and belly fat?
If doing Olympic-style powerlifting workouts increases your muscles, why do bodybuilders work out using a split system?
What home workouts are good for 400m dash preparation?
Is it ok to have red eyes after doing push-ups and other exercises?
Should I study for maths by doing exercises or by studying examples and figuring out how to solve similiar exercises?
Should I drink a coffee before I go to the gym? How does it affect my 2 hour workout?
Can we practice​ yoga after 6 in the evening?
Can a women have a flat stomach after delivery?
Can I cure excessive elbow angle with exercise and yoga to be fit for army medicals?
When getting sun exposure, should I do it 15 minutes without a break, or can I do it 10 minutes in the morning and 5 minutes in the afternoon?
What is it like to work as a fitness professional overseas? I am already familiar with the rub of what being a fitness professional in the US is like.
What is the best exercise to train the obliques without gym equipment?
Can I make it in the fitness industry?
What are some exercises to make witty answers? How does one do it?
Is there any natural remedy for constipation/faecal retention or physical exercises for bowel health?
Is it too late to do physical exercise for my body shape?
What do you have to believe in order to rarely miss workouts?
How can a skinny 16-year-old guy start getting in shape with just a pair of dumbbells, a pull-up bar and a treadmill?
What are some exercises that help induce labor?
How do I control my bowel movements which strike every morning when I run, even after finishing two rounds of excretion?
How can I reduce my weight by doing exercising at home without any workout machines, and what are exercises that I can do?
Is Adriana Lima too muscled?
What would you recommend about running daily on road (tarmac)?
How long will it take before I observe changes in my body if I have started doing normal push-ups regularly, and am gradually increasing their number?
Which is the best exercise to have a great physical condition for surfing, especially for paddling?
If the penis is a muscle, why can't it be exercised to get bigger?
Is running on treadmill enough to lose weight?
How can I build up the muscles in my body in 6 months or more?
What can I do to gain body mass?
How many calories does strength training burn?
What is the effect of heat loss during exercise?
How can I practice mantras and yoga at home?
Is increasing reps/sets the same as increasing the weight? Which is better, increasing sets or reps, and by what amount? And how long before we increase them?
Is it true that increasing the repetitions of workout and not the weight helps in building cuts?
What is the best way to get in shape for capoeira classes in three months?
How would you intelligently work out 449*249 without a calculator?
Why are splits seen as unmanly?
How does aerobic activity influence metabolic activity?
When you burn body fat, do you burn saturated mono- and polyunsaturated fat in equal amounts, or is there a preferential one?
Is it possible to be obese yet remain healthy or physically fit?
How many times a week should I go to the gym and for how long?
How do I get more chest muscle so that my upper sternum is less visible?
How fast will I get my gains back to be fit for summer after being absent for almost two months from the gym?
What do you do when your pet does yoga?
Which kind of stretching exercise should I avoid if I have lower back pain?
What is an interesting way to get in shape?
Will my face look good if I lose fat and gain muscle?
How do rest days work when doing calisthenics?
As a 22-year-old, what health habits, diets, exercise routines, etc., should I be engaging in to lead a long, healthy life while maintaining a low body fat percentage?
What happens if you run 1 mile everyday for a year?
Which is better, gym or functional training?
Why do you need to be in a caloric surplus to build muscle?
Can I lengthen my neck with exercises?
Is it bad to always wipe your sweat while exercising?
Is there an accurate way to tell how many calories you've burned in a workout?
Is drinking on a regular basis (4-6 pegs) OK if you work out and do cardio 6 days a week (5 mile jog)?
Can I do exercise in kidney pain?
What are some good makeup techniques for minimizing the appearance of a double chin?
Does working out make your shoulders broader?
How can a girl reduce the size of her thighs?
Is it advisable to have a nap right after a heavy workout?
How many people in the world can do Bruce Lee push-ups?
What are the best ways to advertise a fitness gym?
What conditioning or other exercise can I do to improve my fitness in this arena?
Is it possible that, after going to the gym regularly, only the size of the tummy increases?
How can I tone down hereditary muscular calves?
What's a good body weight percentage for a dead lift?
What are some beginner basketball training exercises that can be done at home with no hoop (female)?
Is it okay for pregnant women to workout in gyms? Or is baby in the planning phase?
How can I get a CrossFit body?
Your maximum weightlifting capacity may be 50 kg. If you were asked to lift a 500-kg weight, how would you do it?
Why did the finger wrinkle after swimming?
is drinking a cold smoothie after a workout good or bad?
What is the best beginner routine for hypertrophy, Fierce 5, SS, or Stronglifts?
How long should an individual exercise their mind each day to keep from regressing in IQ?
What is more important, to have a strong and fit body or a clever brain?
Is a 15 km walk per day enough to lose a stone (14 pounds or 6.35 kg.) in 6 weeks, along with a good diet?
In Bikram yoga, the standing forward to knee starts on the left leg while the standing bow pose starts on the left leg. Why does the balancing stick start on the right leg?
When is the right time of day to exercise according to Tradition Chinese Medicine?
If I do no other exercises besides squats, will my body look weird because I'll have a huge ass and no other muscles?
Is it possible to build muscle on antipsychotics? Is it as efficient as normally?
How can you get skinny in 2 weeks?
What is the correct way to work out the result of 899½-998¾?
What’s your exercise of choice when you are limited on time?
How long shall I jog for optimum cardio benefit?
What should I take for energy before a workout?
Does muscle growth ever plateau?
Which sport is better to get a fit body, swimming or going to the gym?
Where can I get online training (preferably free) for doing full body work out and gym exercises, including diet?
What is best for burning belly fat: sit ups or running?
Which is the best excercise: swimming or going to the gym?
What protein drink is best for men during and after a workout? Is it okay to drink one both during and after? I weigh 63.3kg.
What food should I buy at a QuikTrip before an intense leg workout?
Why do I feel like stretching?
What is Angelina Jolie’s exercise routine?
What types of exercises are suitable for a 65 year old person?
What are the *easiest* things that you've done (or heard about) to improve your health and physique?
Is there a way to shift the concept of exercise from workouts to body maintenance?
What should be the diet for a pure vegetarian who doesn’t even eat eggs so that the person can have a body like this? Also, suggest some workout hours in the gym, if you please.
Which workout should we do in the gym for height?
I am 29 yrs old, have belly fat. Now I want to loose this belly fat along with growing muscle & proper shape of body. Is it possible at this age?
I workout 4 times/week (weights and HIIT). Last week I didn't work out and ate freely. Why did I get thinner/more toned (closer to my goal)?
How can I do 20 push-ups in 4 days? I currently do about 15.
How do I know if I am gaining muscle?
What (full body) exercises can I do to come back stronger in general from a foot injury rehab process (Achilles tear)?
What is the most effective way to train for handstand push ups?
Do you feel something in your knees when squatting?
Which exercise reduce tremor?
What is the best exercise for creating "back space" while singing?
How did Franco Columbu get such a wide chest when he was so short?
How can you get a 6 pack real quick?
If you run 3 miles one day and then another 3 miles the next, would you burn the same number of calories as if you ran 6 miles in one day?
Is mixing weight lifting and high intensity cardio while taking supplements sort of like hustling backwards?
Why do you feel like you can't breathe every time you exercise?
How can I do yoga and lift weights in a single day's routine to make my body flexible and to make it look good?
Could I lose fat with cycling (while growing up)?
Is there an outdoor workout area with a pullup/chinup bar in Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China?
Which is better for building strength and muscle, heavy weight for low reps or medium weight for high reps?
What should I eat before a workout that will give me a lot of energy when I go for a workout at 5:00 am?
What are the best exercises to have a balanced shoulder complex?
How long does it takes to get rid of gynecomastia by exercising?
Does your body initially reject exercise when you begin a serious regime?
What are some rehab exercises to build leg strength?
Are there specific ab exercises to form abs for women, or is it the same for both genders?
What are some good shoulder workouts?
Bench presses push pectorals to failure. Squats hit the quads. When you run until you're out of breath, what muscle is the weak link?
Should I go to the gym at the age of 16 even if I play cricket too?
Is it possible to gain 45 kg going to the gym?
How do I get off a plateau at the gym, because I'm not seeing any more gains?
How can I get the most out of our home gym?
Would doing 100 push-ups every day work just as well as doing a routine of exercises at a gym? Would you get just as strong and muscular?
How true is the fact that some people get fatter than before once they stop going to the gym or discontinue it?
Why do so many people get hurt when they practice Ashtanga Yoga?
How do I gain stamina?
Can someone make me a really hard core workout?
What is the best (fastest and easiest) way to obtain a strong, masculine body shape?
Is it possible for a 40+ age fit man to 'start over' and build muscle and tone up?
Can you find and post pictures of people doing yoga with effective posture and those who need an adjustment?
What does Akram Khan’s current workout and diet look like?
What are good stretches to do every day to train towards the splits (center, left and right)?
How do I lose belly fat without exercise? I'm too lazy.
What is an effective gym workout for an athletes who is trying to gain muscle mass and keep his body fat percentage low?
What is the best series of physical exercises for strengthening at home when you have little time each day?
How can I lose fat, get fit, get strong, get skinny and stop eating junk food as a teenager?
What is the best way to workout at home without using weights or going to the gym?
What are some of the best exercises for a ligament tear on the left knee?
What are the benefits of performing aerial yoga at home?
What is the best exercise for back pain?
Is weight lifting good to lose weight?
How can I develop muscles without going to the gym or using any weights?
Is there any advantage doing seated upper body exercises versus standing? Don't you use more muscles while standing, making it more of a compound exercise?
How do I eat a healthy diet and lose weight?
What are the preferred timings to do yoga?
What are benefits of having a good body?
What is a good, short morning stretching routine that stretches most muscles?
How can I lose fat and get as skinny and fit as a 15-year-old?
What is the physiological reason as to why each post-knee-surgery exercise hurts initially for 2-3 days, then stops, until the difficulty is increased?
Can I do running along with my gym? I am doing gym in mornings and running at evening and I am a vegetarian.
What if I train every part of my body including calves except my abs?
After working out, neither my biceps nor my chest muscles are sore, even though I use them when working out. Why?
Is it better to get a massage before or after a workout?
Which is the best exercise​?
How can I build my stamina for a long hike?
Is gym good for women?
What is elliptical good for?
How do I lose fat around my arms without making it look bulky?
What are great exercises for building muscle while losing body fat without using weights?
What kind of exercises can I do, while practicing on my keyboard to improve my singing?
Does strength training burn the same amount of calories as cardio to lose weight?
What are some examples of historic/ancient yoga exercises?
What are the best workouts for men who are 50+?
What are chin-ups good for?
How many KM does one have to run to lose weight?
Are there any good workout program that includes strength\fat loss workouts and cardio to help get me in shape for the military?
How many pullups should I be able to do? Do these exercises help?
What is the best workout to target all muscle groups twice a week?
How do I see DBT/JRF result?
Can I build body muscles without going to the gym? If so, what should be my diet, and what training should I do?
What exercise does the killer perform in the movie Faster?
How long after you workout can you eat a full course meal?
If you could only do two chest exercises, which two would you do?
What does it feel like to overwork your muscles?
Is it wise for a 42-year-old to lift weights every other day, skipping one day to rest and doing a leg day twice a week?
What workout top for guys was in during 1996?
What is the future of yoga?
How far can a person go with body weight exercises?
Which exercise can I do when I am following a diet?
What modality of fitness training makes you the leanest? (Assuming you have a clean nutrition plan).
What's the difference between being fit and going to the gym?
Can I see a notably ripped physique if I box 5 times a week up to 4months? Currently I'm 72kg with 21% body fat.
What is the difference between Ashtanga Yoga & Hatha Yoga? Which one is more beneficial?
Are yoga (ashtanga or vinyasa) and pilates safe for moderate mitral valve prolapse?
How much do seniors workout on average?
Do push-ups help in increasing our body strength to be able to lift heavier weights?
What exercises can I do to maintain core strength?
Is exercise good for hypothyroidism?
How do I get wider hips without making my thighs and calves grow fat/muscular? If I stopped doing the excercizes, would my legs get back to normal?
How does exercise help addiction?
Is 153 sit-ups a good record for a 13-year-old?
After five months of lifting, I'm defined but without mass. I've stopped running and I try to eat more. What's the best way for me to gain mass?
Is it better to do 100 push-ups in a row or 25 four times throughout the day?
What will happen if one does a lot of cardio and no weight training?
As a 14-year-old female starting to go out on 20-minute runs and basic fitness exercises semi-daily, what changes should I be expecting or noticing?
Does being tired after nine hours of sleep, following 30 minutes of exercise, indicate that one is unfit?
How can I lose fat and build lean muscle without counting macros?
Is it safe to take fat burner while workout?
Is it possible to break someone’s hand with a handshake?
Will I lose my gains if I train only one muscle group per week?
Why am I not able to do same number of pushups in second set as in first set?
What bone strengthening exercises would you recommend for a sixty plus lady?
What food can increase body strength?
How can I measure the calories burned in 10,000 steps?
I will be going to France (Strasbourg for 12 days and 3 days in Paris) this next weekend. Is 800 euros enough for my 2-week stay? I've already paid for my hotels.
What exercises can I do to strengthen my anus?
Does exercise alter the chemicals in the brain?
Are squats good for knees?
What are some good funk guitar exercises?
What are the disadvantages of push-ups and pull-ups?
What are some home remedies to stay fit?
How can I go from not being physically active at all to being able to do specific exercises?
Which are some of the exercises an unfit obese person can do to cut down belly fat and gain more muscles?
How can I do the bear crawl exercise?
Does pure physical labor build muscle better than weight lifting?
What are the best exercices for a setter?
How can a skinny 16 year old guy start getting in shape with just a pair of dumbbells, a pull up bar, and a treadmill?
What is the relationship between reps, strength and mass?
How often do you get a runner’s high?
How do I build muscle in 6 months?
Is there anything I can do for shoulder injuries to get by without stopping I am 50 and been working out 4 days a week?
How can I tone my arm muscles? How can I increase my muscle mass in my arms?
Can I lose belly fat, butt and thighs fat with diet only and no special exercise?
Will full body workouts everyday weaken or strengthen muscle?
What should I know before I go to the gym for muscle mass gaining?
Can I walk and go to the gym everyday?
What does it mean to be curvy and fit?
What workout routine can I do 3/4 times a week with just an adjustable weight dumbell (up to 105 on each) and a pull up bar?
Does heavy lifting increase punching power?
How do I get lean at 5"1' and 22 years old?
Do core exercises like squats or the farmer's walk help people lose weight/exhaust excess calories, or are there entirely different sets of exercises for that?
Should I use sweat belt to reduce my belly fat?
How do swimmers get such ripped bodies?
When is the best time to exercise, morning or night?
How often should I do very heavy deadlifts for strength?
Is it possible for me to run a sub 20 minute 5k?
Are there any 15 or 30-minute tai chi or martial exercises one can do to increase mental and physical alertness in the morning?
Will having sex 4 to 5 times a week stop me from gaining muscle mass even though I train right?
What type of yoga is core power yoga?
How long does it take before you can go to the gym after a scaphoid fracture?
What can I eat before gym in the morning?
How can I decrease my weight from 65 to 55 kg without boring physical exercise?
I was able to do 5 sets of 10 reps pull ups before resting a week, after a week I was only able to do 3 sets of 10 reps. What happened?
How do I get/convince a very overweight friend of mine to go on a diet or to workout?
How many hours should I workout at the gym to put off 5kg of weight?
How does Prozac affect exercise performance?
Is it a good idea to go for a run after drinking alcohol?
Is solving a Sudoku puzzle a good exercise for the mind?
Is it necessary to have a perfect, flat stomach? Is there any necessity for a little fat over the stomach for men?
Is it true that when you do squats you will have a big booty?
What should I focus on in calisthenics being 6′7″?
Will squatting alone get you huge legs?
How many pushups can you do in 30 seconds?
What is healthier, smoking marijuana and doing regular exercise (running and weight lifting) or not smoking paired with no exercise?
Is swimming a good exercise for strengthening my chest?
While doing dumbbell curls, should my arm be straight or bent? Should I engage my triceps while finishing a rep or keep my arm bent to keep the strain on it?
Why can't I lift my legs during planche?
What is the time duration between Parayam and yoga?
What are the most effective leg workouts I can do at home to burn fat and tone my legs?
How can I lose weight fast without much change in diet and with exercise?
How can I stay fit and healthy at home without going gym?
How many hours should I practice programming to avoid burning out?
Is running a 9:04 mile time good for someone that is equal to me in physical shape?
What do I do? I love fitness, music, writing and business, and I have good grades but hate coding, so I’m not able to do it well, but my goal is an ML startup?
Will going beltless for heavy deadlifts (1-3 reps) work my abs more?
How much should I workout each day as ateen?
What is a good time to do workouts?
If I do the same exercise for 30 minutes a day on consecutive days will the amount of calories I burn remain constant or decrease over time?
After a tibia open fracture, some part of my leg became numb due to a nerve injury. When will I gain sense back?
Is it possible to increase one’s chest from 70 to 81 in 4 to 5 months? How much does one need to workout?
When working out a particular muscle group, should I take a 3 day gap or a 5 day gap, before hitting that muscle again?
Who experiences an issue when working on math or chemistry problems where each question takes an incredibly long time to work out?
When doing standard push-ups, does it matter if your elbows flare out when you go down?
What is the best exercise for legs when you are prone to excruciating leg cramps?
What would be your reaction if you saw a skinny teenager doing a fingertip push-up with a soda machine strapped to their back?
Can I get lean body muscles mass with 6 pack abs in 6 months?
Would one have any advantage by attaching (20-50kg) weights to the body, arms and legs and living with them 24/7, and releasing them just before sports matches?
How long after initiating a more strenuous exercise program might I enjoy increased energy levels w/o a need for additional sleep?
I get chills after running. Should I be worried?
Can I do light/moderate cardio while bulking?
What is the difference between pick and lift?
Is there any breathing exercise I can do after having a meal to improve digestion?
What would be a training program for the whole body if I will hit the gym 3-4 times a week? I want to look like David Goggins.
What should Men wear during workout in GYM?
What are examples of cardio intense activities?
Why are there fake colors, dyes, and fillers in my pre-workout "health" supplement?
What are some good exercises to get rid of thick hips?
Do my body muscles decrease if I don’t go to the gym for days?
What are the best exercise machines in Planet Fitness?
How do I use honey on workout?
How do I burn body fat fast in a gym?
Can I build my body like an athlete with just body weight?
Is it all right to eat before exercising?
Why do rowers train six days a week, twice a day?
What are the best exercises to build a thick lower back?
Why do muscles ache the next morning after a sauna?
Is jumping on a trampoline good exercise?
Is it necessary to work every muscle or only doing compounds is alright for now?
What is a good gym to work out at (preferably with a pool) in Norrkoping, Sweden?
Where can I get plain longline gym vests online?
How can you exercise in your bedroom?
How much should you increase in your workout volume at every workout?
What are the risks of performing aerial yoga at home?
What is the best way for me to lose fat and gain muscle with the aid of clenbuterol?
I am 14 years old and I have asthma, so it's hard to exercise without pushing myself too hard. How can I lose weight without hurting myself?
How do I strengthen and increase my wrists (not the forearms)?
Does doing high intensity sprints reduce the muscles?
What are some examples of aerobic and anaerobic exercises?
How many of you have lost weight by doing yoga?
Is 28 too late to get healthy and in shape?
Which freehand exercise should I do to gain muscle in the lower body i.e, thighs, calfs and butt?
At the age of 18, should I join a Zumba class or the gym to lose weight?
What could help people maintain their muscle strength during a weeks long hospitalization?
Can I start yoga without the guidance of a master?
Can I do yoga if I’m overweight? Where do I find tips for doing yoga?
I'm a vegetarian who started going to gym. How do I increase my body mass and what should my diet be?
Can we increase bodyweight if we have nightfall?
How many calories does a female Olympic gymnast burn in a day?
How do I keep my strength but improve my endurance for running?
How does yoga help you to lose weight despite not using weights, much movement, or tiring physical activity?
I have a skinny fat body. Can I develop muscles at the age of 34?
Why do we feel fatigued before going for a workout?
What are some of the best jaw relaxing exercises?
Is there a gym in NIT Silchar, with weights to lift for bodybuilding?
What are some good exercise for teen boys for whole body?
What exercise one should do to lose 40 kgs of weight?
What would happen if I missed a whole week of workout?
Can you build a great body by working out at home?
How hard is it (considering the effect of earth’s gravity) to do weight lifting in an elevator moving upwards?
What is the right order for warming up, working out, running, and stretching?
Which place is best for a morning workout, indoors or outdoors, in Laxmi Nagar?
How would you design a fat burning fitness program for someone new to exercise?
How soon can you exercise after pericarditis?
If one can do 50 push-ups in one go, what does it tell us about his/her physical state?
How do I lose weight without dieting or cutting out my favorite foods, or exercising?
How can I build my pecs and abs from home in two days?
What are some periodized strength training program routines for size (hypertrophy) and strength (powerlifting and Olympic lifting) that I can do 4 days a week for 20 weeks?
Can I build muscle in one month?
How can I build my chest if I'm skinny?
What happens to your body when you jog and go to the gym on a daily basis?
What is the most time-efficient aerobic workout?
If you can lift yourself up, can you lift your own weight?
What exercises can I do to improve my reflexes?
How do exercise bikes help people lose weight?
What happens when a slightly obese man decrease his daily food intake by about ⅓rd and does regular weight exercise?
Why don't more people take ice baths after exercising?
Why can’t I lose weight even after brisk walking?
How do you acquire motivation/discipline in college, exercising, and work?
Does exercise make you more productive at work?
How do we even walk?
Is training with a bin bag or sauna suit a good idea to control water weight when training for a fight?
How can I distract myself from gym workouts to office work?
Why do we feel headache after working out in summers?
For a hernia repaired using the Desarda technique, what is the recurrence chance if it is repaired laparoscopically? Will I be okay for the rest of my life if I don't lift weights and only change my diet and walk for exercise?
Are a fast walk and a brisk walk the same thing?
I am seventeen years old fat girl, should I join the gym?
How do I lose 40 kgs in 6 months without going to a gym, by doing exercise at home and running?
How many days does it take to lose 40kg of my body weight by going to the gym regularly? What food diet should be followed? How do you tackle the body pain?
In a strength-focused weight training program, what is the best way to incorporate cardio work into your weekly routine?
How many miles did you walk this week and why?
Is it really important to wear a hat in the sun while running?
Is there any gym near CET, Bhubaneswar?
How do I build a strong mindset?
What muscles are used while skipping?
How long should you fast if you're trying to lose the most weight possible in the shortest amount of time?
How do I build leg muscles with light weight barbell squat?
Can I train in boxing or a street workout after my rotator cuff surgery? I will have to repair my other shoulder too, after recovering from this one. I am 21.
Is it possible to go to a gym fully decked in knight armor?
How do I maintain my muscle mass and strength with just calisthenics if I am unable to go to a gym for 2 weeks?
What are the best beginner core and upper body workouts?
What is the best setting to work your calves on a treadmill?
Will planking at random times help me get slightly leaner if I did it everyday?
Will there be any side effects if I sleep just after my morning exercise in the summer?
Can I build an aesthetic body without using weights and any equipment?
Is lifting weights enough to build my abs?
In what ways are the effects of caffeine and exercise similar and different?
What are the best and easiest dishes for an obese person looking to begin losing 20kg of fat? I’m looking to lose weight before exercising.
What is a cycle of meditation, yoga and exercises?
What weight loss exercises should I do if I can’t run?
How did you gain your muscle mass? What did you eat and how did you train?
Will short bursts of jump roping and sprinting increase my leg strength and endurance for MMA?
Has anyone tried doing yoga/stretching after getting high on cannabis? I've been experimenting with this for a few months and I find it is highly effective.
What are resistance band crab walk?
What are some of the best yoga videos with links?
Am I suppose to have my shoulders/arms completely relaxed when I walk or lift them slightly higher?
How do I start the process of being healthier and exercising?
What yoga posture helps with a hiatal hernia?
How can I get people in the door to my new gym?
I’m only 13. Is it possible to run 800 meters in 2 minutes and 30 seconds?
For people who work in the night shift, how do they exercise to build the body (e.g. to have have six-pack abs)?
How do I prevent steps being counted by my pedometer while I am driving?
Can you give me a list of military exercises and how many of each to do?
How can a girl reduce the weight of her thighs?
How can we use the Accenture gym in the morning or evening during working hours? Will our boss allow us to go?
Is it possible to grow my butt without lifting weights or doing squats?
Why do I get chills after running?
Are there any yoga classes in Udupi?
What exercises can I do at home to build muscle?
How effective is the legs, bums and tums workout?
What should be my workout plan if I am skinny and just want to look good in shirts & T-shirts? I can’t lift heavy and I have limited time & protein.
For badminton, what are the most effective exercises you can practice by yourself?
How does Logan build muscle? And shouldn't his bones start to deteriorate after losing the Adamantium implants?
Is it feasible to cycle cutting and bulking much more frequently?
How do I gain back my stamina after not running for a while?
What are some arm workouts you can do without equipment?
What is the use of doing 100 ab crunches everyday?
Is going to a gym the best way to get in shape? Or can you get in shape by just using your own body and minimal equipment?
How do I maintain my fitness and a healthy body?
Do you think I can get a full time front desk job at Planet Fitness if I'm not necessarily fit?
What is the most time-efficient anaerobic workout?
What are perks of exercising in the morning than other time?
Which is better, eating with your full attention in 15 minutes or while working at a computer in 1 hour?
What is the simplest exercise/workout that is effective?
Are people generally attracted to people who are similar to themselves? If I want to date someone who’s physically fit, should I become fit, myself?
How can I increase my running stamina from 1 mile in 10 minutes to 1 mile in 6 minutes within 4 days?
Why is GoodLife Fitness so popular?
How much time should I do skipping to reduce tummy fat?
Under what situation should the weight of the lift be considered when a person is inside the lift?
How can I organise my notebook and the exercise solving on tests?
How often do you train per week?
Is it good to take glucose D during pre-workout?
How do I use straps while doing a front barbell squat?
Can you suggest some motivational workout songs?
Can you suggest a 30 day challenge to lose weight and organize life?
Which one is better for health, swimming or running? And how?
What should I eat before an insane workout?
What are the most essential exercises a non-baseball player should focus on in order to start playing?
Can anyone join the DDA multi-gym?
How soon is it safe for you to exercise after an asthma attack?
Which one should I do first, between gym and jogging?
How do you choose a jump rope for general exercising?
How can I get motivated to practice running and get fit as a teenager?
How do I gain lean muscle mass without fat?
Is it best to meditate before or after exercise in the morning (and why)?
Do Venezuelan people exercise?
Can I exercise while fasting in the month of Ramadan?
What is the best way to approach weight training for a man over 60?
I'm wimpy, thin and bad at lifting weights. I tried pretty hard, but all my workout partners ditched me. Should I just go to the gym by myself?
Why should I stop eating 1 hour before exercising? When should the pre-workout meal be taken?
Why does walking always give me tightness in the lower back muscles?
What would have been the male equivalent of women's workout gear and neon during 1990 to 1991?
How much protein does the body require if you do a daily heavy workout?
I have a squat rack, a bar, a bunch of plates, a bench and a dip station. Can you help me come up with a solid upper-lower split routine?
Which technique is best to gain muscle size, more reps with low weights or less reps with high weights?
As a body builder working towards achieving muscle mass, is it ok to have sex 4 to 5 times a week?
What do you think about muscle (body) building and cognitive development (brain building), are these two mutually exclusive?
Will hanging on a pullup bar for 30 minutes make you insanely tall?
How can I my keep my muscles stiff?
Why can't I run at all?
What if I trek a hill every morning instead of going to the gym?
Is working your way out with exercises, not appropriate during your period bubs?
Can I recover the strength of my eyes by doing yoga?
Being a JEE aspirant I have limited time. How should I keep myself fit provided that I have cervical and back pain?
Does lifting weights reduce your penis?
Can I start bodybuilding at 40?
What are some names of aerobic, facultative anaerobic, and anaerobic fungi?
Do you lift weights primarily to get stronger? Or more muscular?
Will my dog get ripped if I make it workout?
Should women do chest weight training at the gym?
What kind of exercise do I need to follow to reduce belly fat? My height is 170 cm and I weigh 96 kg. What can I do to reduce fat?
How do fitness centers like Crunch/Planet Fitness stay fresh smelling even with groups of sweaty people?
Why do some pains (e.g., the pain in the body after an intense workout, or when you are mentally hurt, or when you rub your gums together) feel good?
Are fitness programs worth it?
Is double unders considered as an anaerobic or aerobic?
I'm weightlifting 4 days a week and including 5-7 serving of fruits and veggies daily, does taking a multivitamin beside considered much?
What is the strength and risk in the building industry?
I'm an active person that trains CrossFit about 6-7 times week. How many calories may I take in daily?
What scaled down movements do you practice to increase your pull ups?
How long does it usually takes to add another inch on muscles with weighted bodyweight exercises?
I want to build my body, but I can't be always eating. Is it worth it? Should I expect results?
Exercise makes my belly more fat instead of flat. Why?
0n a treadmill, is speed or elevation more effective?
How do I get into the habit of exercising?
Is there a name for exercises (routines) that don't require squatting/bending down?
How can I increase my chest​ size in only ten days?
Why does Christianity have an issue with yoga?
Are you wasting money on pre-workout?
What should I do to progress in daily Hindu squats, having reached 70 almost every other day?
Which exercise is better for a runner, jump squats or a tuck jumps?
What is the best way to gain muscle without losing weight?
I’m trying to get back in shape, but when I lift, my bones feel like mush. This has never happened before. Can I work past that?
What are different ways to tone whole body without doing using any exercising machines?
How can I increase my fitness in the gym to lose weight faster?
How long does it take to lose weight, if I walk for 1 hour or 2 hours every evening and do crunches?
Why are there 3 sets on Starting Strength?
Gym workouts is good or bad for slim boys which only have 55 kg weight?
What are the best exercises for my legs?
What is Buti Yoga and how is it different from more traditional forms of Yoga?
How healthy are runners compared to fit and healthy people who exercise but don't run?
For a beginner, is it better to use your own body weight or lift weights?
Does masturbation affect your workout at the gym?
Should I stretch before or after my workout?
Can someone chart out a schedule for me to get back in shape and get a nice physique?
What is the best home exercise app for male?
Why do swimmers have such nice upper bodies?
Why do some yoga masters have big bellies?
If I do at least 200 squats a day for 10 days, will I see any results in my butt?
Is it bad to do extra cardio in the morning & later hit the gym in the evening that includes weights & cardio?
Is it good to eat a boiled egg before my workout?
Is there any specific exercise to reduce cholesterol?
How can I build my body to be like Arnold’s?
Is swimming a good exercise to cure knock knees?
How can I plan to live past 100 and still be physically fit and feel young?
Assuming willpower and pain are non-factors, what is the most efficient way to acquire physical fitness overall?
If you could only have one fitness/exercise machine, would it be a rowing machine, cycling machine, or something else?
What muscles do side lunges work out, and why?
Is the protein taken from meals throughout the day enough to sustain you for a night workout?
I get nosebleeds 1-3 times per week. Should I see a doctor and what should I take to help it?
Are drugs more effective when you're physically fit?
Is there any actual advantage or disadvantage of having eight pack abs or four pack abs rather than six?
What exercises should one do on the first day of gym?
Can I grow lean muscle mass at home?
What are the best things to eat when one is gymming?
How can I get a noticeable amount of more flexibility in one week?
I had lost weight on my upper body and thighs except my belly! What kind of exercise should I focus on now?
Will doing 30 wide shoulder push-ups daily have a good result?
How do women become muscular by working out without testosterone?
What is the most efficient way to get a nice chest at home other than push-ups?
What is the best abs workout for visible abs when you have 12% and below of fat?
What are some tips for beginner joggers?
What is a simple yet rewarding and effective exercise routine that I can do in the morning?
How important is nutrition when lifting heavy weights?
Is doing a one-hour continuous workout better or is it better to do a 20-minute workout 3-times a day?
Should I workout if my upper ankle hurts?
How can astronauts run on the treadmill if there is no gravity?
How do abs work?
Will doing 40 jumping jacks, 30 crunches, 20 squats, and 10 pushups actually burn 100 calories?
What is the best and easiest way to get in shape?
What's a good diet and exercise to have to get ready for basic training?
How do I gain face fat if I go to the gym on a regular basis?
As a gym owner, what is the best step to take after finding out a client has been diagnosed as anorexic?
Are my running times good?
Why is it very bad if your body lays down all day? Why is it important to bend or stretch?
How does running in place differ from running on a treadmill?
What are really the most common reasons why guys lift weights?
Why can't I increase my strength even though I go to the gym regularly?
I run every day. I weigh 105 lbs. How much will I lose?
Which is the best workout programme for losing 30 kgs in three months?
What fat burning exercises should I do, if I have early stage varicose veins?
Can I do gym twice a day?
Does running significantly increase intelligence?
Who is the best female fitness model in the USA?
How do you workout and eat during Ramadan?
Can reducing butt fat change the shape of men’s hips?
What should I do first, running or exercise?
Could I develop a lot strength in two years training five days a week?
What is the best strength training platform?
Is it possible to get a good chest and shoulder workout with only a bench press and dumb bells?
Does a gym give strength?
What is the best way to go from flabby legs to toned legs?
My calves will not grow. What is some advice?
Do I need a gym membership in order to lose fat and gain muscle?
Why is my butt muscle painful despite no workout?
What are some effective exercises to help grow and define your calf muscles?
It takes Kevin 5 minutes to jog once around a circular track that has a diameter of 400 meters. About how many meters per minute is Kevin jogging?
When you take methadone for pain, can you exercise again?
How do I split a workout routine to 4 days weekly?
How do I add a reoccurring exercise on Fitbit?
How many push-ups can we do so that there will be no side effects?
In what order should one train strength and endurance?
How good is it to bench every day?
Does a 13 year old girl have to go to the gym 4 times a week to maintain weight?
Will stretching to increase hip flexibility help increase my vertical jump?
Do you want to get physically fit? What will it take for you to get motivated?
Should I do cardio at the beginning and the end of my 2-hour workout?
Should I perform yoga under AC?
What are some high intensity interval training exercises for someone with an injured ankle?
Will my bones and muscles gain less strength if after a workout I heal them with cold temperature?
What should my breathing be like during weightlifting?
My legs are extremely sore from working out and I cannot even move them. Can I pray while sitting on a chair?
Will running every morning and push ups every night get me in shape in 3 months?
How do people know how many calories they burn a day?
Is it bad to have different workouts ever other day?
How do you calculate the equivalent weights you are pushing when you are cycling?
Why do I type faster after I've exercised?
How do I reduce body fat and gain muscle? What are some foods and workouts to accomplish this?
How can I get started weightlifting?
Will doing squats develop calves?
Which hand grippers should I buy?
What's a good exercise to reduce belly fat and obtain a toned stomach, besides the obvious crunches?
How do I decrease weight without doing any exercises?
Which low-intensity workout will give me the best fitness boost if done consistently?
How many exercises do I do for a compound workout day?
Where can I buy a stepper for calf raises?
If you had a virtual platform at your fingertips to give you guidance on nutrition/training/yoga/Pilates/etc., would you use it?
Is it possible to workout hard (and do relatively heavy lifting) at 80 years of age, without needing testosterone replacement therapy?
Will running help tone my abs?
How do you learn how to master an aerial hoop?
If you had to sprint or run distance, which would you do?
Is a 1 hour and 30 minute commute too much?
If the unathletic male with a big belly loses weight due to stretching and exercises, will he be able to learn & practice parkour and martial arts?
Is working out twice a day for 2 weeks equivalent to working out once for a whole month for fat loss?
People keep saying that going to the gym at an early age can stop your growth. Why?
How good are spin classes for you?
Is it okay to drink one litre of milk? I am 18 years old, and workout twice a day.
What are some good workout videos for a man in his 50's to lose weight?
What is the simplest, most effective bodyweight workout routine that I can do daily to get a Greek god figure?
What is the best exercise routine one can do at home, with few pieces of equipment, to get a bubble butt?
What are the best-kept secrets about exercise, fitness, body building, and working out?
With a torn meniscus, what body weight exercises can I do? I have been using kettlebells, but I don't want to cause any more damage.
Which algorithm is used by applications to count calories burned? How do treadmills and other gym machines count calories burned?
Should I consume Glucon-D after cardio, if I am trying to get rid of fat?
What does it mean when your muscles are sore the day after stretching?
What are negatives for chin-ups?
Is calisthenics a possible aproach to health and strength for me as an obease middle-aged woman?
Would a recumbent bike result in big calf muscles?
What should I study at the university? I am into yoga and Pilates.
Is it OK to have sex after a workout?
Should I workout or study first after school?
How long would it take me, with average genetics, to reach a Jeff Said-like physique?
What do handstands exercise?
Are there any exercises to remove fat on your hands? I have pretty chubby hands, so can I get some fat off?
What exercises would you recommend to get in shape for surfing?
How are some Indian wrestlers and Pahalwans in akhadas able to maintain muscular arms and shoulders while still having some visible belly fat?
What can an overweight, out-of-shape, 30-year-old do to get and stay in better shape?
How can I reduce my waist by skipping?
How do I live healthy, younger and safe without doing any exercise?
How do I start a home gym and earn money?
Does the Fat Cutter, suggested by Vivek Mittal on his YouTube channel Fit Tuber, work if I am not doing any physical exercise?
How do I keep myself motivated to exercise and stick to a diet?
What are the benefits of a treadmill compared to those of a StairMaster?
Why do spinners don't take a run up?
Is it possible to improve eye sight (myopia) by following any diet or any exercise. If yes, then how?
How do I get rid of a receding chin?
Should I still workout my chest if it is sore?
What is Sahaj Yoga?
How do I exercise?
Which is the best exercise cycle brand and model for someone with a height of 183 cm, a weight of 85 kg, and a budget maximum of 25k?
Which exercise is preferable for a 17-year-old beginner?
When you lose several pounds of fat by way of exercising, where do all those extra pounds go?
What is the best fitness method to get stronger over a span of 2 months?
Have you ever felt more tired than usual during a resting time while not working out?
I'm female and 50 yrs. I have bat wings at both hands. What exercise do I do?
What is “Black Wolf Workout Eliminate”?
Can I lose weight if I can't leave tea, oil and snacks? If so, how?
How many times should I masterbate in a week?
Is it okay to train twice per body part per week?
How do you know when an exercise pain is the kind that strengthens vs. the pain that leads to injury?
Can I drink a lot of water just after a gym workout?
Is lifting heaving weights at the age of 16 harmful? If yes, what studies prove this?
Will lifting heavy weights or less weight help for chest-building?
Why are my legs constantly aching until my next sleep even after a little bit of running?
Why is walking considered a good exercise?
At what height from the ground should I place the pull up bar?
How do I calculate macros and calories?
How do I avoid being left out of gym basketball?
Where can I find a great step aerobics class in the East Bay (Oakland, Ca)?
Is it good to run and do workouts if you have kidney stones?
Once you've run an ultramarathon, does running shorter distances (5-10 miles) feel easy?
Is there a tendency for women to let themselves go after 20 (stop exercising and eating proportionally)?
I'm an out of shape 20 year old male with mild asthma and am a bit fat in the stomach - would I be accepted into basic physical training?
What diet and what exercise should a person with a BMI of 32.74 do?
Can anyone challenge me in any kind of workout?
Should people do weightlifting even if they train in other sports?
Why does ductility not degrade during grain boundary strengthening like in other strengthening methods?
Can a girl start playing physical sport, like wrestling or weightlifting, at the age of 25, with the aim of winning medals?
Is nude yoga good for teens?
Can people with a simple kidney cyst work out at the gym and lift weights?
Why doesn’t Superman move his arms while flying, as we do while walking or swimming?
Should I jog and do workout (at the same time in the evening) or should I start with jogging in the morning and do workout or exercise in evening?
What are the ways to promote group fitness classes?
How do I stop being a guy trying to fit in and become a good kid, get good grades, and get fit?
How can I get fit, healthy, strong and skinny as a teenager?
Can a fit 75-year-old man do regular jogging?
What are some healthy food habits and exercises for full time working professionals to lose weight?
How do I put up weight and become fit by being vegetarian and without going to the gym?
What can pilates do for your body?
Do pelvic muscles exercises really work for men?
What is fitness? Can a person be called fit by looking at his physique or is it the probability of him experiencing fatigue at the time of action?
What kind of stretches are preferable in the morning, static or dynamic?
What are general mistakes while doing squats?
Is a single mile in 8 minutes for a 5'7" 44-year-old male with a 28 BMI and a stocky build a good time?
Will lifting anything up make my arms get bigger?
Is stretching and bending your back bad?
What happens if you work out frequently?
Which are the best exercises for overall growth of the body of a 15-year-old boy?
Can you take an Ultracet tablet for body pains due to a heavy workout?
Does doing pushups and crunches affect height growth?
What is the minimum number of days a beginner (slightly unfit) must work out to gain little biceps?
Which exercise is good for growing taller by 1 inch within 35 days? I am 17 years old.
What do you think of my fitness routine?
Are there any body weight excercises for biceps and triceps?
Which exercises other than pushups should I do to increase my pushup count?
Should I workout by doing calisthenics/bodyweight training or by running as a teenager?
What is the fastest way to burn 700 calories?
Should I continue training my chest?
What is a daily workout that can lead to getting a 6-pack before June?
What age is it safe to start working out with weights?
What is better: a push/pull split or a body part split?
How do I lose arm fat without bulking up?
What are some good Chinese eye exercises?
Which is better: diamond push ups or shoulder push ups?
What is a body weight workout plan for 45 days that would leave me with a 6 pack?
What level of heart rate is deemed to be intense exercise?
What’s a good routine for a full workout at home?
What's your favorite fitness or fitness-related cliché?
Realistically, how much weight in muscle can I put on in a month?
I had a massive heart attack. How can I lose weight? I don't know about lifting weights. Is this safe as I do have a defibrillator/pace maker.
If I eat like a pig and lift heavy weights, will I gain muscle faster than if I babied my nutrition and didn't get enough excess calories?
How do I increase or develop my gym and fitness business?
Is regular jogging in 40s have any relation with joint cartilage wear out?
What is the difference between a morning walk and going to the gym? Which one should be preferred, and why?
I had a leg workout two days ago and it still hurts to lock my knees and flex my quads. Is this bad?
What are some absorbing hobbies I can do at home? I have struggled my whole life with being bored at home. I read, exercise, and play backgammon.
Is group pilates class safe and effective in the gym?
Why do we get a tingle in our ears when we sit on something that is vibrating but not while skipping or when performing jumping jacks?
What are the benefits of jumping rope for losing weight?
What is the quickest way to burn 800 calories with exercise?
What sort of workout can I do for basketball with a limited amount of time?
How do I get my parents’ approval for lifting weights? I regularly squat 70–80 kg, just last week I was able to get 85 for 5.
Is doing thirty 1-minute sessions of exercise per day as beneficial as doing one 30-minute session per day?
How long should I stay in gym?
What is the best form of functional exercise?
What happens when we drink after a gym work out? Is it good or bad for us?
Will you see results faster if you lift weights everyday or every other day?
Which is best, walking, jogging, swimming, cycling, skipping, running, going to the gym or doing yoga?
How do I get a ripped body without going to the gym?
Which is the best fitness band under 1500?
How can I exercise my Great Dane without having to take her for a walk?
Evander Holyfield lifted weights, why did he not suffer significant decreases in speed/mobility/flexibility after gaining so much mass?
How do I know that the exercises I do are in fact burning calories, and not just giving me sore muscles, or does sore muscles mean that I have burnt calories?
If I smoke before exercising, will I increase endurance?
What is the best thing to eat right after working out?
Can I workout on my bed?
What is a “ripped physique”?
How can I increase my strength?
What is the function of the muscles in one’s arm and legs?
How do you motivate yourself to exercise when you're already happy with the way you look?
Why does your body fat % go up with heavy weight training?
Can normal people do Saitama's workout routine? Would it do more harm than good?
Are there benefits to exercising self-control? Can exercising self-control save one's life?
Which are the best books related to physical strength and body building?
What kinds of foods should I eat at school before going to the gym?
How many times in a week should I train my chest in order for it to get bigger?
Does Eckerd have a nice gym or exercise facility?
Which one is better for losing weight without any adverse effects on the body, 1 hour of swimming or 1 hour at the gym?
How can I lose 10 pounds in 3 weeks without exercising?
What are some examples of moderate and vigorous aerobic exercises?
How do I do cardio exercise at home without equipment and increase stamina?
How can anyone overcome plateau in muscle development and strength?
I want to lose some weight and tone my body and I am a complete beginner at gym. What exercise routine and diet should I follow?
Once my abs become visible and muscular, will it be hard to maintain them that way?
Can we train forearms with arms?
Does walking help build running stamina?
Is gym necessary for boys?
Can I successfully recomp my body with solely yoga?
Can I do wholesaling in New Jersey without a real estate agent license?
How often do you Squat and Deadlift?
Why does my body hurt after I run with spikes?
The only thing I’m good at is lifting weights. How can I get paid doing what I’m only good at?
Is there a good body weight exercise which complements push ups (i.e. Develops different muscle groups like biceps)?
What is the best exercise to lose weight, jogging or brisk walking?
Will playing badminton for 20 minutes everyday help reduce weight?
Can a fat nose be converted into slim nose by some exercise? Please mention the exercise.
How do I grip the bar on a back squat?
How can I increase the strength of my triceps?
Can I join a gym for increasing my height?
What is the most appropriate exercise to lose weight if you have thyroid irritation?
I am not physically healthy. Will it be helpful for improving health if I take protein powder with regular free hand exercise at home?
Can you help me with a diet and exercise plan to lose 15kg in a healthy way?
Is it a good idea to do pushups in the standing position?
What's the best app for running? I'm doing interval training on hills and runs on greenbelts between mapped streets, and this confuses Strava.
I’m starting my workout and wonder how many days/weeks it will be until I can see muscle growth?
What can I earn more from in the next 5 years, being a yoga, Pilates, or HIIT-focused teacher?
What are the best exercise machines to workout for the forearm?
Which would be better for getting sixpack, full body circuit or abs exercises with cardio?
Is it possible for a skinny woman to gain some muscles within a month?
Should I do cardio before or after weight training to lose weight?
Is it true that Dwayne Johnson works out at 4am?
How do I get veiny abs?
How are jumping jacks good for you?
Do I lose my muscle gains while doing a constant run for 15 mins and after that lifting weights?
Do you hip drive on your way down in the high bar squat?
What is the best way of acquiring a good body physique if you are thin?
Will there be any changes if I don’t go to the gym for 20 days?
Do you consider having sex to be an exercise?
Can we take ProteinX without doing a workout?
Can yoga practice trigger emotional responses?
If you do 20 push ups every day for 3 months, how much fat would you lose in your chest area?
How can I decrease my body weight and fat and make muscle while doing workout at the gym? (Currently I am overweight and I am a pure vegetarian.)
How can I work out to exercise my weak wrists and forearms to make them very strong ones?
What do you think about my workout plan?
What is the best HIIT training routine for a 17-year-old aiming to lose weight at the gym?
What's a good vertical workout for a 15-year-old without any gym equipment?
How can we install weight sensors in a robatic arm?
What's Brett Lee's workout?
I slammed my deltoid muscle on a door. Can I lift weights with a bruised deltoid muscle? It doesn't hurt when I lift.
What is the purpose of aerobic exercises?
Does badminton count as a mild strength training exercise?
What are your motivational methods for exercising?
Is it necessary to take protein powder when doing a gym workout?
Is lifting weights enough to burn fat?
What are some examples of Frenkel exercises?
Running on tread mill is not good for knees but why sports persons get train on tread mill?
How do I lose belly fat without going to the gym? It would be great if workout schedules along with diet plans could be shared.
Can anyone stay fit while sleeping for at least 4 hours, by doing exercises and meditation?
What are some good biceps workouts at the gym?
How do I be fit (I mean have power not concern with muscles)?
Will I be stronger than an average person after losing weight if I do body weight exercises while I am fat?
What's the difference between burning calories and burning fat, and how does one achieve the latter?
Are there any exercises that help compensate for torn ACLs?
How is doing pushups on mountains in low oxygen different from doing them near sea level?
Is it worth it for a man to do squats if he wants to lose weight from his hips?
How can I lose fat as quick as possible?
Are there any good gym exercises to improve sitting posture?
Does exercising push ups and muscle building exercises but not weight lifting will stunt my height growth?
What are the dos and don’ts for somebody who wants to start running to stay fit?
How can I improve my cardio for boxing?
What should I do if my recruiter gave me false information to push me to sign up for the army?
What do people do to get flat abs?
After six months of delivery via a c-section, can I join a gym?
How and why do the features in the ECG change post-exercise?
How can I build a six-pack without going to gym?
Is it a good idea for a short thin guy to work out?
What can Pilates do for you and your body?
What do I eat to build my abs? I already lift weights.
Are fit Nordic skiers (cross country) more fit than fit professional high altitude mountaineers?
Is there any 4 day (or less) work out plans for irregular (shifts fall on different days every week) work schedules?
If someone gave you $20 to dance for 30 minutes, would you do it?
When should we drink a banana milkshake: after exercise or before exercise?
What are the workouts to lose weight on a rowing machine?
What time of day is the best time to do a workout, i.e., weight training, or does it not make any difference?
Is it possible to increase “body width” for a 16-year-old?
After a mild stroke, will my brain form new pathways to the affected leg if I continue to exercise and demand more movement?
Should you look out on the Leg press?
How many miles do delivery guys walk in a day? How many stairs do they go up and down?
What is the best app to find people to go workout with?
What gym exercises should a fast bowler do? Should it be light weight heavy reps or heavy weight light reps?
What ab exercises are bad for your back?
If I go to the gym for 2 hours for 3 days a week for 3 months, can I become reasonably thin by late ausgust starting tomorrow?
Can you do fat burning and muscle building simultaneously?
What muscles do jump squats work?
How do I get motivated for exercise?
How many calories do I have to burn on a treadmill on daily basis to have a reasonable loss of weight?
Do I need to lift heavy weights in order to get a body like these?
What would happen if I had a cup of black coffee (without sugar) before running or jogging?
What should a person do at the gym, jogging or running?
The more I work out my biceps, the more my veins disappear. Is this normal?
How much running and physical fitness is done in the Russian conscript basic training? Is there a final test they must pass?
How long should it take to run 5 km?
Why does my running stamina fluctuate whereby I can run longer distances on some days but on other days I cannot run even half the length?
Can pushing too hard in a gym, costs you death?
I took a spin class this morning and my knee started hurting after about 5-10 minutes. What was I doing wrong?
Where can I find help with anaerobic exercises and G-training?
Why do we call Tse Mudra the exercise of three secrets?
Is going to the gym bad for your singing?
How important is strength to endurance?
What is the best way to lose 12 pounds in 2 weeks?
Which is the best intra workout drink?
Can anyone help me with a skit idea on yoga day?
If someone fell off a treadmill in front of you, would you help?
Is it possible to build a muscular body without eating 5 small meals a day, considering I am not a fitness model but a professional working 9-5?
Which yoga poses and exercises can induce high intraocular pressure in the eyes?
What will happen if I ignore my triceps workout?
What's the best treatment/exercise for a dual diagnosis of costochondritis and shoulder impingement with associated upper back pain?
Where can I get 1 minute and 5 minutes candlestick charts?
Is one or two Snickers between healthy meals of meat and vegetables while working out regularly okay if I want to gain more muscle with little fat?
What should I get to get lean, whey protein or BCAA? I want to get lean and also lose 5 kg of weight.
How do I get really big muscles at home without gym equipment?
What's the best way to gain upper body mass without gaining lower body mass?
What are the best exercises to get a very lean body during Ramadan?
How can I increase my chest width and the weight of my body?
How do you breathe when you go jogging?
What are people’s thoughts on the Athelean-Rx post-workout supplement?
Can I lose weight with regular body building gym equipments?
Is walking 5 stories up equal to 2 km of walking?
Hi Everyone, tell me some work-out at home?
Is it dangerous to exercise on a day you haven't consumed much salt?
What are some good body-weight exercises to get infantry-style fit?
How do I gain fat and muscle in certain areas with exercise?
Should I buy a fitness band?
What daily exercises can improve my writing?
What is the best way to increase muscle recovery time after a tough workout so you can continue exercising shortly after?
Which age is right for joining a gym?
What's the best way to train for or row for 2 hours?
How can I get stronger and bigger forearms?
Why do some people have plump thighs and some don't? What is the point of having fat thighs when you’re fit?
What is the best yoga exercise for excess weight loss?
How effective is the Revoflex Xtreme for core body exercises?
Does general exercise help RSI write injury from coding?
How can you exercise your muscles during puberty?
How can I increase muscle size and strength with bodyweight training or by lifting everyday objects (bags instead of barbells, etc)?
Do upright rows work the entire shoulder?
Is doing push ups right after getting up bad for me?
It has been three weeks since I started running, but still I have knee pain when I try to run. How can I cure this?
Should we do exercise everyday or should there be gaps in between?
Does that strong lift 5x5 program really work for people trying to get back in shape?
A box suspended by a rope is pulled to one side by a horizontal force. The tension on the rope increases. Why is it so?
Is it normal to lose control of your body when stretching?
About physical fitness, are you physically fit? Are there any athletic goals you want to achieve? What are your personal goals to stay healthy?
What exercises can I do when I am suffering from a slipped disc?
Is there any point in me doing sports/exercise?
Alternately I do cardio and strength training. I also do 1 hour of yoga before my workout twice a week and 1 hour after my workout three times a week. Is it alright?
Is it normal to not sweat during a workout?
Can I do push-ups if I have acromion type 2 with no surgery yet?
After eating, how long should one wait before working out?
Does penile traction exercise and other exercises for penis enlargement work?
How should I approach women after group cardio gym sessions?
Which methods of exercise have you found to be most enjoyable and helpful?
If I worked out 5 hours ago and wanted to have a few mixed drinks (likely 3-5 shots worth) would it significantly reduce my muscle growth?
What physical fitness level is required for wireless PSI?
Is it possible to gain good eyesight from eye exercises like so many people say it is?
What do you feel when seeing Suresh Raina seemingly being out of shape with a big tummy? Shouldn't he taken care of his fitness?
What are the exercises to developeTelepathy?
How would doing 10 push ups and sit-ups a day affect my body?
What are thw exercises to cure knock knees?
What are some ways to stretch a tight latissimus dorsi?
How many calories does doing a plank burn?
Why do those who do cardio most of the time yet very minimal weight lifting still build muscles and a nice body?
After building muscle, can I maintain it by doing body weight exercises?
How does one prepare an allergy-friendly, fat-burning meal?
What's so bad about Planet Fitness?
Can we do gym in the early morning every day at AIT Pune in the first year?
What are some best music tracks for jogging?
What kind of bodybuilding regime and diet must I take if I have mild reflux and acidity problems?
Which exercises do we have to follow to make biceps or to tone arms without any gym equipment (for girls)?
What is the damage to your body if you sweat profusely from exercise every day?
How should I get back into being active? Should I jump right back into lifting and running or should I start with something easier?
How can I get my legs thin or toned?
What are some of the weight loss exercises for osteogenesis imperfecta patients who cannot stand?
How can you perform aerial yoga at home?
What methods can I use to lose 65 pounds?
How long does it take to establish "muscle memory"?
What are some good hand strengthening exercises for bar chords?
Does cardio make you lose muscle?
How do I get skinny without exercising?
How do I fit 3 strength workouts for the entire body except the legs, a 60km jog/march and 1 swim in a week?
Can we gain six-pack abs by doing bodyweight exercises?
Does losing weight help with push-ups?
How many km/miles can I walk a day?
Does working out in the gym fight depression?
Why am I not improving in my exercise?
What are some examples of men's workout gear in 1990-1991?
What is a good body weight workout schedule for a 7-Day period?
What is the best fitness center in the USA?
What exercises should I do to reduce my baldness?
Does jumping rope create calf muscles and are they safe to use if I’m 40 ?
How many hours is best to work out a muscle part when training to achieve muscle mass?
How do you build muscle as a teen?
Is it okay to do a wholebody workout everyday?
How can I push myself to go to the gym every day?
I dislocated my knee. What exercises can I do?
What does Snap Fitness cost?
What exercises can an obese person do?
Which exercises should one do with a home gym?
How long does it take to lose a good amount of weight using the treadmill nearly every day?
How often a week, including 3 workout sessions, should I do cardio to burn stomach fat (for an 18-year-old)?
What should I eat before going to the gym? And should I take bath before going to the gym?
Is spinning 60-90 mins per day enough for noticeable results?
How important is exercise for PhD students?
What are the best techniques to develop strong forearms?
Will cardio improve my endurance and stamina?
Does doing sit-ups on a bed make them easier to do and thus making them less effective?
Why can I do more pull-ups but less chin-ups?
What is the best fitness routine for teenagers?
Which is the best Resistance bend exercise for men?
Which is your favorite workout wear?
What are some good hand-strengthening exercises for boxers?
Is it more beneficial to do a 1 minute or 2 minute farmer's walk?
At 23% body fat and 155 lbs, what is more important for me in gaining abs, cardio or ab workouts?
Can I change from gym to online gym in the middle of the school year?
Is it bad to neglect to train the chest but still train the rest of the upper body?
I finished my IMBA by the UIUC interview in 15 minutes with 4 questions in 30 minutes of allocated time. Is that good or bad sign?
Is jogging in place a good exercise?
How can I loose 7-8 kgs weight in 15 days?
How do I feel comfortable breathing through my mouth when doing push-ups?
Will there be a problem if I do weight training for full five days a week?
Is it possible to get a strong jawline with facial exercises?
Which is better, 300 burpees or 100 push-ups, 100 sit-ups, and 100 squats?
What body parts should I exercise to become a lead guitarist?
Do we have any exercises to decrease the breast size?
Is going to the gym good?
How many calories are burnt in 2000 counts of rope skipping?
Is it healthy to do 30 minutes of regular jogging, after 40?
International Yoga day 2017, how is it relevant for us?
What are the most effective exercises for writers?
Do all ugly people get sexy by going to the gym?
How often can forearms be strength trained?
What are the benefits of attending fitness classes?
My G.I. Bill benefits will run out before I use it all. I did over 90 days of active duty in 2012. How do I reset the timer and extend my benefits?
How do I convert DhT into testrone again by exercise?
What are some short and long-term exercise goals?
Is working 1.5 hours on push/pull/leg program considering too long?
What's it like to walk or run 3100 miles?
Which physical exercise is good for me to increase my body strength?
How can I gain muscle in my upper body as a competitive swimmer?
When weightlifting, is it better to do one exercise 3 times in a row or do the whole routine 3 times?
I have been following some of the workouts suggested by you and lost close to 20lbs. How do I change my workout now to build a six pack?
Should I squat everyday if I want a bigger butt?
What does fitness mean to you and how do you want to achieve it?
Can you use muscle stimulation in place of actual exercise?
Is a workout still effective if I rest between the exercises?
How do I get sponsored in the fitness industry?
What is the best way to improve myself (in running)?
How does a chiropractor treat muscle imbalances without exercises?
What is the best workout method in 2 months?
How can I increase my stamina for running and the gym?
Why do four cable cars travel together in Jeita Grotto? How is the weight balanced? Will there be high tension on the rope?
How do I breathe effectively during sports such as football?
If you take steroids and do not exercise, what happens?
Why do cramps develop after vigorous exercise?
What are your motivations for getting up early, even on the weekends, doing 1 task or taking exercises every day for 1 year?
Where can I find good physics exercises to practise?
What is the best way to loss fat and maintain muscle?
What is the supplement to lose weight fast?
Should you stretch before you workout in a gym?
What is the fastest way to burn 500 calories fast?
Is sleeping good after exercise?
Is it possible to burn fat and gain muscle mass at the same time?
How do I start to workout? I am 20 years old, weight is 75 kilos, height is 5'9″, and have 34″ waist, and I don't do any workouts right now.
What are the Indian Army workouts every day? What kind of endurance workouts do they do daily? Can you give a full detail list of their workouts?
Why has yoga practice become popular recently? Why are there different methods of yoga?
How do I make people aware about the benefits of working out?
How come the gym is always busy in May and will it ever slow down?
What are the benefits of stretching before and after workout?
What is the ultimate mental workout?
What are some diet and exercise programs that will allow a skinny woman to get curves?
What are some muscle building exercises at work place?
How do you cut in the gym?
Will there be problems in the future if I do an abs workout at an earlier age?
How do I achieve defined pectoral muscles and chest?
Why do you have numbness on your thumbs after working out?
Is it good to eat an apple and a banana after exercising or does it just add fats into my body?
How do I build muscle at 120lbs 5"7 and on a budget?
How do you target more of your inner arm in a tricep extension?
How can I build solid deltoid muscles?
How do I protect my joints (especially my elbows and knees) if I lift weights 5 or 6 times a week?
What if I stop doing gym? Would it affect my body shape?
What exercises should I do in order to get a body like a K-pop idol (aside from dancing)?
What are some morning exercise routine for unfit beginners?
Which is the best gym equipment store in Kolkata?
What is a superset back2back when working out?
What is the best exercises for jumping higher?
How should one plan, including diet, to run a 1,600 meters in 6:30 minutes?
What is a good workout for me, a 16 year old boy who doesn't work out?
Can a fat person go longer without food than a fit muscular person?
Is it mandatory to practice Bharatanatyam in traditional attire that is simply wearing a dhoti on the lower body and leaving the upper body uncovered? I practice in a traditional way.
Why is the chin-up harder than the bench press?
If your muscle sore is healed and you continue on working out, but it never comes back, does that mean your work out is no longer effective?
How do I stretch subscribers?
How many of you (mountain/road bikers) would be interested in a fitness course for improving overall endurance/peak power/flexibility?
Should I continue ACL relaxation exercises even if I feel pain?
What is the best exercise routine for Skinny guys?
I am very overweight and would like to start some exercise. What would be some good exercises to start with?
Where do teachers get changed for gym class or sports?
What exercise should I do to lose post pregnancy weight?
What are the best exercises to find peace of mind?
How can I improve my muscles without using equipment?
How do I get a feminine body at the gym without gaining too much muscle?
How can I increase my stamina for any workout?
Can you suggest some home exercises to reduce weight?
What are the top 3 worst clientele for CrossFit boxes?
How do pros train their abs in the beginning of their career? Which exercises do they perform and how many days per week?
Is it ok to flirt with the gym receptionist?
How do I remain fit and active, except by going to the gym?
Is it bad to have a competitive mindset when I work out?
What's your favorite pre workout?
Which is the best exercise​ to increase​ speed?
What are the biggest motivators today’s parents have to get healthy & in shape?
After I started lifting weights my blood vessels have become more and more visible. Is this normal?
How do you perform negatives for chin-ups properly?
Why do I feel so turned on after working out on my legs?
I absolutely suck at running. I can hardly run one mile all the way through. What running program should I do to get better at running fast?
Which one burns more calories- jogging on a treadmill (at steady pace) or high interval training?
Would yoga teachers find it beneficial to have a venue broker where the teacher gets 70% of the class revenues (2 times higher earnings versus a gym/studio)?
What are the steps I have to take to get a skinny runners body?
As a fitness beginner, I am having a little trouble lifting weights. I can do about 10-12 reps of dumbbell curls on my right hand, but not on my left. Why?
Is building and selling weights a good investment?
What is the optimal work-out schedule for curls?
Is it bad for someone who weight lifts not to have a calorie surplus?
Which are the best exercises for overall growth of the body of a 15-year-old boy?
Where can I get plain longline gym vests online?
How do I maintain flexibility of my body when I'm working out regularly?
What is the best time to do cardio (Walk, Jog and Running), before weights or after weights?
Is it okay to train twice per body part per week?
What is a good plan for senior fitness?
What are exercises for bending legs and arms?
How can I practice mantras and yoga at home?
How often in a week should I hit the gym in order to get a bulky body?
How many times a week should I go to the gym and for how long?
How can I get back into the shape I was in 5 years ago? I'm 25 years old. How much time is it probably going to take?
I've exercised moderately every other day for a year. I'm 50+ years old. Will my muscles ever stop being sore?
What's the best way to lose weight slowly? I work away a lot, so I stay at a hotels. I don't do any exercises at the moment, and I'm currently 5'9 at 270 lbs.
Should I draw mind maps of exercise solving instead of plainly solving exercises to get better grades in physics and maths?
Is it true that Dwayne Johnson works out at 4am?
What should be the exercise routine for a thin, musical Indian 16-year-old guy with a tummy to have a healthy body in one month?
How long should I exercise/workout when time isn't an issue?
Is cycling better than running to reduce thigh fat?
What do I need to do at home to get my abs to show if I'm already skinny?
I had lost weight on my upper body and thighs except my belly! What kind of exercise should I focus on now?
How do I know if I am gaining muscle?
Is there an easy way to fix text neck posture?
What are some agility exercises examples?
What is a good workout for me, a 16 year old boy who doesn't work out?
I can do a pistol squat with my left leg but not with my right. Is this because I'm a right handed fencer?
What happens when a female bodybuilder stops working out?
If I do at least 200 squats a day for 10 days, will I see any results in my butt?
How much of a brisk walk is needed to keep diabetes in control, and how many days should one walk briskly in a week?
What kind of exercises do you need to do to get a bigger butt?
What else can I do to loosen up my calves?
Is 6 minutes and 23 seconds a good mile time for a 13 year old?
What is the best way to run so you don’t injure your knees?
How long does it takes to get rid of gynecomastia by exercising?
Is it ok to run with sore muscles?
Is it enough to do a 10 minute bodyweight exercise and then run for 10 to 15 minutes to lose weight and belly fat?
If a man never works out, what will happen to him? Will he live a shorter life than the men who work out regularly?
Why can’t I lose weight even after brisk walking?
Is it possible to increase “body width” for a 16-year-old?
How can we be fit mentally and physically?
Why don't more people take ice baths after exercising?
Is it true that increasing the repetitions of workout and not the weight helps in building cuts?
Is it good or bad to exercise in the summer?
When you are working out what do you do to get over the hump?
How are athletes muscles so defined?
Is stretching important post-workout?
What are some arm workouts you can do without equipment?
Do leg muscles build stamina?
Is it bad to do extra cardio in the morning & later hit the gym in the evening that includes weights & cardio?
How can I lose fat and build lean muscle without counting macros?
What is the physiological reason as to why each post-knee-surgery exercise hurts initially for 2-3 days, then stops, until the difficulty is increased?
How do you adjust your workout routine when you are cutting weight?
How can I lose the flab on my stomach?
How many hours should I practice programming to avoid burning out?
How do you get flat abs in a month?
How can I increase my stamina for running?
Which causes losing weight fast, aerobic exercise or machines?
What is the best workout plans blog?
How does one prepare an allergy-friendly, fat-burning meal?
What are the best exercises to grow your legs?
How can I organise my notebook and the exercise solving on tests?
Is it possible to rent an empty small room for an hour?
What's the best and fastest way to get a flat stomach?
What is a valid excuse for wanting to switch out a swimming semester in HS with another activity for physical education?
How has yoga changed your life?
Why does exercising make my chest flat? How can I make my boobs bigger?
What are some very simple free-hand exercises for absolute beginners at home?
What do handstands exercise?
How do I learn CrossFit without a trainer?
How should I reduce weight without hitting the gym?
How can I lift and tone flabby arms with a workout? How long does it take? Is it really effective with excess skin?
Which one should I do first, between gym and jogging?
If you could only do two chest exercises, which two would you do?
Which exercise machine is good to reduce stomach size?
What yoga posture helps with a hiatal hernia?
How much exercise should I get each day if I work a desk job?
How do I grip the bar on a back squat?
How do I get lean at 5"1' and 22 years old?
What would have been the male equivalent of women's workout gear and neon during 1990 to 1991?
How can one lose belly and butt fat?
Is going to a gym the best way to get in shape? Or can you get in shape by just using your own body and minimal equipment?
How often should I do very heavy deadlifts for strength?
Can I workout with dumbbells after a meal?
Which is the good exercise for back pain?
Is sleeping good after exercise?
Which algorithm is used by applications to count calories burned? How do treadmills and other gym machines count calories burned?
Where can I learn about losing weight without dieting and exercising?
How does a foodie, who hates to exercise, lose weight?
What are the best exercises for meralgia paraesthetica?
How do I lose weight if I love beer and hate dieting?
At what height from the ground should I place the pull up bar?
Which exercises will give you broad shoulders without going to a gym?
Can reducing butt fat change the shape of men’s hips?
How can I stop being lazy and get motivation to run and get fit and skinny?
When you take methadone for pain, can you exercise again?
Will weightlifting stunt height growth?
If I work out and don't wipe away the sweat, making it seep back into my pores, will it render the workout useless?
What body proportions are best for endurance running?
What would happen if I missed a whole week of workout?
What streches can I do before crossfit?
Is it possible to lose weight and build muscle through weight training only?
What are some good exercises to get rid of thick hips?
Is it possible for a 40+ age fit man to 'start over' and build muscle and tone up?
Is it possible to build overall body muscles and reduce belly fat at the same time?
What is the best exercise routine that may be done daily at home for 10 minutes for all round fitness?
Do I have to lose fat to build muscle?
How can I start exercising after an accident?
What are some healthy food habits and exercises for full time working professionals to lose weight?
Is there any actual advantage or disadvantage of having eight pack abs or four pack abs rather than six?
Why do most beginner work out programs have an excessive emphasis on squatting?
What is the best abs workout for visible abs when you have 12% and below of fat?
Should I do cardio/HIIT for 1-2 months then weights?
What are the top 3 worst clientele for CrossFit boxes?
While doing dumbbell curls, should my arm be straight or bent? Should I engage my triceps while finishing a rep or keep my arm bent to keep the strain on it?
What should I eat at night (dinner) to reduce my belly fat?
Will having sex 4 to 5 times a week stop me from gaining muscle mass even though I train right?
What are wrong things in yoga, is it medically foolproof?
Once you've run an ultramarathon, does running shorter distances (5-10 miles) feel easy?
Why is walking in the woods beneficial for your health?
What would be a training program for the whole body if I will hit the gym 3-4 times a week? I want to look like David Goggins.
Why do we feel fatigued before going for a workout?
What are the benefits of performing aerial yoga at home?
How can I my keep my muscles stiff?
What is better: a push/pull split or a body part split?
After how many days can eyes be cured by yoga?
How heavy is too heavy to stop growth?
Which exercise can I do when I am following a diet?
Will running help lower body weight?
Will going beltless for heavy deadlifts (1-3 reps) work my abs more?
Which exercise is preferable for a 17-year-old beginner?
How much weight could be lifted if an effort of 100 pound were applied?
What is the best aerobic workout to follow online?
Would it be possible to get hired as a fitness trainer without a two-year diploma?
What is aerobic endurance in football?
Can a fat person go longer without food than a fit muscular person?
How many sit-ups would a person have to do in a single night to see results the next day?
What kind of exercise will get me a body like Cameron Dallas?
What are the most effective leg workouts I can do at home to burn fat and tone my legs?
What are some dynamic excersises that will help me train full planche?
How many times should I do eye yoga exercises?
My G.I. Bill benefits will run out before I use it all. I did over 90 days of active duty in 2012. How do I reset the timer and extend my benefits?
How helpful is aerobics when combined with cardio and strength training?
Can you build a muscular body through yoga, since essentially you are lifting your entire body weight by doing yogic asanas and exercises?
If one can do 50 push-ups in one go, what does it tell us about his/her physical state?
Can I lengthen my neck with exercises?
Can I walk and go to the gym everyday?
How many calories does strength training burn?
How can I work out to exercise my weak wrists and forearms to make them very strong ones?
Should a 60 year old join a gym?
What are the best outfits for workout for a female (it would be helpful with images)?
If you take steroids and do not exercise, what happens?
What’s more important, an 8 hour good night sleep or exercising in the morning?
Why do those who do cardio most of the time yet very minimal weight lifting still build muscles and a nice body?
What do you do when your pet does yoga?
What is the best exercise for a 15-year-old guy like me?
What kind of workouts are for getting stronger without getting bigger (muscle mass) like the guys on America's Ninja Warriors?
Why has yoga practice become popular recently? Why are there different methods of yoga?
Can we go to the gym after swimming?
Is a glass of red wine equivalent to an hour at the gym?
Do you think I can get a full time front desk job at Planet Fitness if I'm not necessarily fit?
Does Gold’s Gym provide food to their members?
Should I give blood after running for 4 miles?
What workout do you use to train for the 300 meter hurdles?
What body weight is enough to make you feel heavy against a push?
How many days does it take the shoulders to recover after workout?
What are some ways to get your legs leaned out but muscular? I would like to stay fit but have thinner thighs.
Why do my legs feel shaky after exercise?
Where do you recommend getting cheap yet pretty and comfy exercise / yoga attire in Singapore? Is JB worth travelling to for getting cheaper goods?
What are some quick stretches for my whole body to do every morning?
Do workouts affect growth?
I have been having a sore lower back, which just escalated with a level-up on a dead-weight rep. Should I just keep applying heat and wait it out?
What is the main disadvantage of circuit training?
How do I remain fit and active, except by going to the gym?
How much do you have to Squat in order to dunk?
Which exercises are best for the butt if I have hip dysplasia and bad knees?
Why is no contact so difficult? I just white-knuckled it for 30 days. What now, white-knuckle it for another 30 days?
What are the disadvantages of push-ups and pull-ups?
What are scarecrow exercises?
How can I improve my stamina and strength?
How long should I stretch a muscle per day for better mobility and flexibility?
Which place is best for a morning workout, indoors or outdoors, in Laxmi Nagar?
It's been 110 days since I got an operation on my leg for a tendon that had ruptured. I'm still not able to put weight on my leg. Is that normal? What should I do?
Should you train rear delts on a pull day or push day?
I've been working out for 2 years now, I have packed on good amount of muscle mass but I don't have definitive cuts, how do I get toned muscles?
I am 29 yrs old, have belly fat. Now I want to loose this belly fat along with growing muscle & proper shape of body. Is it possible at this age?
How can I keep doing exercise if I'm not eating well?
How can we get young people to do more exercise?
What ab exercises are bad for your back?
How does an ABS work?
How do I get veiny abs?
Why are some muscle builders so bulky yet still lack muscle definition even with very low fat ratio?
How do you workout and eat during Ramadan?
What are the benefits of attending fitness classes?
Will there be any changes if I don’t go to the gym for 20 days?
How do I run the 400 meter dash properly?
How do I convert my excess belly fat into useful muscle?
Does a gym give strength?
What are the best techniques to develop strong forearms?
Should I do calisthenics or practice running to lose, get fit and skinny as a teenager?
I lift weights but this is only a question to learn from. How does a person build their abs without lifting weights?
Can I get fit body just by walking one hour a day?
What should I do if my recruiter gave me false information to push me to sign up for the army?
Can an employer round up hours if less then 30 minutes?
I can bench 140kg (315lbs) weigh 96kg, deadlift 240kg & in the morning I can see slightly the top two abs, why do I not have a chest?
What is the function of the muscles in one’s arm and legs?
If the penis is a muscle, why can't it be exercised to get bigger?
What exercises can help to reduce stiffness in my broken wrist?
Is the lateral raise a push or a pull exercise?
Does working out make your shoulders broader?
What are some ways to stretch a tight latissimus dorsi?
How do I wake up early in the morning, in hot summers, to exercise and not feel lazy?
Why I am not able to lose weight even after 2 years of doing continuous exercises?
What is the best exercise for a flat stomach?
How do I eat during the Off-season (football/soccer) so I don't gain any fat but decent muscle mass whilst doing low intensity training? I'm an ecto-meso.
Is it normal that my left side of the body (legs, shoulders, arms, chest) is bigger than my right even though I'm right handed?
How can I push myself to go to the gym every day?
How many push-ups, crunches, leg raises and squats should I do to lose 80lbs?
We've all heard people say that walking is just as effective as running in terms of exercise. Is this true?
What time of day is the best time to do a workout, i.e., weight training, or does it not make any difference?
Why do some people have small hips and big thighs?
What are the best jawline exercises?
How can I get motivated to practice running and get fit as a teenager?
How do I make people aware about the benefits of working out?
Where can I find out more about the workout app ginger that helps you find workout partners?
What's the difference between being fit and going to the gym?
Can I do wholesaling in New Jersey without a real estate agent license?
What is the best yoga exercise for excess weight loss?
How does exercise help addiction?
Is it true that the airways alternately constrict, as is said in yoga?
What's the most guaranteed way to lose fat without using the gym?
Would a recumbent bike result in big calf muscles?
What are some diet and exercise programs that will allow a skinny woman to get curves?
Should I do calisthenics or running as a teenager to get fit and skinny and healthy?
Is it bad if I do only weight training and no other type of exercise for a whole year? Would doing both weight lifting and cross country be better?
How important is a fit body in terms of survival and life expectancy?
What is the use of doing 100 ab crunches everyday?
Is doing a one-hour continuous workout better or is it better to do a 20-minute workout 3-times a day?
What is the difference between a bulk body and a lean body?
How do I train to be really good at cross country running?
Is lifting weights enough to build my abs?
What food should I buy at a QuikTrip before an intense leg workout?
How do I keep energy after intense workout?
Is there a way to lose belly fat without eating healthy and exercising?
Should I draw mind maps and do exercises instead of just reading and doing exercises to get better grades in high school?
Which diet should I take to stay fit and increase stamina?
What are the 10 components of fitness?
How important are core abdominal strength, leg muscle strength, and arm strength in relationship with one another?
For strengthening and long term health of tendons and ligaments, are low reps more effective or high reps?
I have been following some of the workouts suggested by you and lost close to 20lbs. How do I change my workout now to build a six pack?
What is a good fitness routine for a musician especially a guitarist?
I want to look fit on my 20th birthday. I have 7 months and I am starting my workout. What should I do for my diet, being from an Indian household?
What is the name of a small engine that can lift 100 kg of weight?
Is running in place considered a vigorous exercise?
What are the best exercises for men over 40?
Will eating significantly less get me a six-pack faster?
How can a person start exercising again after gaining a lot of weight and losing motivation?
How many KM does one have to run to lose weight?
What are some good workout videos for a man in his 50's to lose weight?
How can I go to a gym without losing my cheeks?
Whats are the best exercises to build huge calves?
I want to build a fitness software application. What are people's worst pain points when getting into shape? Workout planning, nutrition, etc.?
What is the best way to approach weight training for a man over 60?
How can I develop muscles without going to the gym or using any weights?
When is a good grade to start weight lifting?
How can I build my pecs and abs from home in two days?
How can I get fit and skinny as a high schooler?
What limits how fast humans can run?
Could I lose fat with cycling (while growing up)?
Out of a heavy body and a lightweight body, which body falls down first?
How do I decrease weight without doing any exercises?
International Yoga day 2017, how is it relevant for us?
Where can I be trained in squats in Bangalore?
Is drinking on a regular basis (4-6 pegs) OK if you work out and do cardio 6 days a week (5 mile jog)?
Can intense muscular exercise cause acute health problems in otherwise healthy individuals?
Is exercise good for hypothyroidism?
What does Akram Khan’s current workout and diet look like?
Where can I find good physics exercises to practise?
What sorts of exercise do you not do?
How can I improve my endurance for soccer?
Do I reduce height if I go to the gym?
What is the best plan to lose 10kg weight in 40 days?
Why do we get so stiff after exercising? I am 64 and can barely move after too much exercising.
What is the best time to work out during Ramadan for rapid fat loss?
How do fitness centers like Crunch/Planet Fitness stay fresh smelling even with groups of sweaty people?
The more I work out my biceps, the more my veins disappear. Is this normal?
How can I get bigger forearms?
Is working 1.5 hours on push/pull/leg program considering too long?
How long should I stay in gym?
How do I build a bubble butt?
Can a complete strength training program be built around kettlebell swings, the barbell deadlift, and bodyweight pull-ups?
How many miles should I run a week?
Why do you have numbness on your thumbs after working out?
Do pelvic muscles exercises really work for men?
How can I stay fit and healthy at home without going gym?
How do I lose weight without dieting or cutting out my favorite foods, or exercising?
Is it bad that I masturbate twice a day?
What is the relationship between reps, strength and mass?
What’s your exercise of choice when you are limited on time?
How do I train effectively in Ramadan -Weightlifting?
Does strength training burn the same amount of calories as cardio to lose weight?
If the miltary press is too hard on my rotator cuff due to arthritis, what other exercises could I do?
What is the correct way to work out the result of 899½-998¾?
Does cardio make you lose muscle?
How can I get shredded at home in two days?
What are the most essential exercises a non-baseball player should focus on in order to start playing?
Is it safe and healthy to do heavy weight squat for a person with flat feet and overpronation?
What if you didn't eat much but didn't exercise? Would you still lose as much weight as if you exercised and didn't eat much?
What are the best workouts to get big biceps?
I'm having 5 small meals a day and I lift weights, but I'm not losing the bellyfat for my abs to be visible. I'm not fat. What am I doing wrong?
Is lifting 30kg weight 20 times and 20kg 30 times the same?
What kind of pull-ups or chin-ups work biceps the most?
What exercises are the best if one has to lose abdominal muscles and a bulky belly after pregnancy?
How can I workout and not be sore?
What is your typical golf warm-up routine?
Does jumping rope create calf muscles and are they safe to use if I’m 40 ?
If the unathletic male with a big belly loses weight due to stretching and exercises, will he be able to learn & practice parkour and martial arts?
I'm a 16 year old girl and just ran a 8:50 mile. I haven't done any physical activity in the last 2 years. How do I improve my mile time?
Is it ok to have sex 4 or 5 times a week as a body builder?
What are some ways to do weight training that'll help me get ripped when I won't have access to a gym because I'll be traveling long term?
Should I be concerned that my right thigh makes these loud cracking sounds everytime I do a squat?
I almost have a full beard at 16. Do I have lots of testosterone, which is good for weightlifting?
How can I build a stronger chest?
Is it normal when I can only do fewer repetitions on the next set with same weights?
Which type of stretches are recommended for the beginners, dynamic or static?
What factors are important in determining the length of time for breath holding when at rest during re-breathing and exercising?
Is Musli helpful for gym freaks?
Does doing high intensity sprints reduce the muscles?
How do seniors usually commute if they want to leave their homes, for example, to participate in a fitness program?
What type of exercises can be done with a stretch band?
Is increasing reps/sets the same as increasing the weight? Which is better, increasing sets or reps, and by what amount? And how long before we increase them?
What is the best way for me to lose my last layer of body fat, but still gain muscle?
Can I do body weight exercises after intense weight training?
What is a good leg routine for a 5′7″ tall guy who weighs 60kg? My routine is in the details.
Is it okay to do a wholebody workout everyday?
Why is exercising indoors better than exercising outdoors when there is high ozone concentration in the air?
What are some good tips for a beginner who wants practice yoga?
Will I gain muscle faster if I have a fitness coach?
Is reformer Pilates a good workout?
What are the preferred timings to do yoga?
How many squats should one do for quick results?
How much time should I workout in order to make my body strong enough?
How should I approach women after group cardio gym sessions?
Which stationary exercise burns the most per hour?
What is the best outfit for ladies going to the gym in India, and where can we get it?
What is a good beginner workout for strength and muscle built?
How do I start to workout? I am 20 years old, weight is 75 kilos, height is 5'9″, and have 34″ waist, and I don't do any workouts right now.
How do I lose 40 kgs in 6 months without going to a gym, by doing exercise at home and running?
What are the best exercises to get a very lean body during Ramadan?
How do I work out at home to build a six-pack?
I’ve been going to the gym for the last month to build muscles, and I mean big muscles. When will I start seeing a big improvement?
What is the importance of aerobic activities?
How many hours is best to work out a muscle part when training to achieve muscle mass?
Are you wasting money on pre-workout?
Can we practice​ yoga after 6 in the evening?
How can a skinny 16 year old guy start getting in shape with just a pair of dumbbells, a pull up bar, and a treadmill?
How can I tighten face skin with exercise?
How much exercise must a heart patient do at age 70? What diet is recommended?
What is the best form of exercise?
What is the best fitness center in the USA?
How can I get fit, healthy, strong and skinny as a teenager?
What are great exercises for building muscle while losing body fat without using weights?
Can I start bodybuilding at 40?
Do I need to lift heavy weights in order to get a body like these?
What if I trek a hill every morning instead of going to the gym?
What 3 workouts can I do in my little apartment to stay in shape?
What is the best workout method in 2 months?
What are the pros and cons of working out all seven days?
What results can be seen after doing 20 minutes elliptical trainer daily?
How can I achieve washboard abs and defined pectoral muscles at home?
What are some good basic exercises for a 14 year old to do inside?
How can I improve my cardio for boxing?
How can I distract myself from gym workouts to office work?
How do we even walk?
Are all those exercises to help your back just a scam?
What are some great strength training exercises that can be done anywhere?
I have had an ACL replacement. What leg exercises should I do, and which ones should I avoid?
What if a fit man stops exercising?
I run every day. I weigh 105 lbs. How much will I lose?
How many days a week do I do sprints to burn fat? For how long do I do the sprints? I lift weights, and I'm 42 years old.
Is a single mile in 8 minutes for a 5'7" 44-year-old male with a 28 BMI and a stocky build a good time?
What kind of body and muscles can you get with only a bodyweight workout?
How long and to what degree do you need to elevate heart rate in exercise?
How long will it takes for me to touch my toes with daily stretching?
Is Endura mass good while doing calisthenics?
How can you perform aerial yoga at home?
What are some examples of men's workout gear in 1990-1991?
Are there any good gym exercises to improve sitting posture?
Could I develop a lot strength in two years training five days a week?
What is the best way to get in shape for capoeira classes in three months?
How healthy are runners compared to fit and healthy people who exercise but don't run?
Who experiences an issue when working on math or chemistry problems where each question takes an incredibly long time to work out?
Is it normal to not sweat during a workout?
What are the benefits Of Fitness And Exercise?
What does fitness mean to you and how do you want to achieve it?
Does exercising push ups and muscle building exercises but not weight lifting will stunt my height growth?
Is it true that you train push-ups daily without resting?
What are some examples of historic/ancient yoga exercises?
Where can I see videos of meditation exercises online?
How do exercise bikes help people lose weight?
How many days can we stay fit without drinking?
How do I maintain my fitness and a healthy body?
Why do we call Tse Mudra the exercise of three secrets?
Is it advisable to go to the gym during periods?
What is the best way to get a muscular body like a male model?
Why are handstands good?
How do I acquire the ability to immediately understand math, without going through exercises?
What is the best exercises for bad knees?
How much do you walk on average every day?
What is a good body weight workout schedule for a 7-Day period?
Is it possible to start a mus cell building with Headlock Muscle?
What are some effective excersises I can implement into my workout routine that will speed up my progress towards a one arm pull up?
How do I make my back thighs bigger?
Is there any way I can improve my mental stamina?
What are the risks of performing aerial yoga at home?
How can I tell whether my kettle bell is the right weight for me?
As a body builder working towards achieving muscle mass, is it ok to have sex 4 to 5 times a week?
What are the best exercise machines in Planet Fitness?
What exercises can I do when I am suffering from a slipped disc?
Will push-ups alone help in fat reduction?
Is it good if I run for 30 minutes, stop a little bit, then carry on running?
How do I do cardio excercise at home without any equipment?
What is a single exercise that combines aerobic and anaerobic activity?
Do squats help you develop abs?
How can I work out (strength, muscle building) while on a trekking tour with no access to a gym?
How can a skinny 16-year-old guy start getting in shape with just a pair of dumbbells, a pull-up bar and a treadmill?
Does it count as exercise if it doesn't raise your heart rate?
Which is better, doing mat exercises or going to the gym?
What should be the sequence for yoga, Pranayam and meditation?
Is it okay to do both swimming and gym after 50?
What exercise should I do to increase my leg muscles or leg diameter?
Why should you warm up before playing badminton?
What is the best chest exercise for a nice, muscular chest?
What's the ideal time duration for cardio exercise per day at the gym? This is for huge weight reduction for men.
Should we do cardio before weights? Or cardio after weight training?
Being that high AST and ALT levels are the result of dying muscle tissue, could a recent, extremely high impact exercise routine be the cause of the elevation?
Why is it important to stretch after exercise, what happens if I don't?
When I stand with my arms at my side and spin in circles, why do my arms lift up without effort?
How long will it take to notice a difference from working out 20 minutes a day?
What is a physical workout routine that a 14 year old NDA aspirant should follow?
Is it bad to have a competitive mindset when I work out?
Is 5-exercise 5-set 5-rep workout any good?
Is a toning tube useful for full body making?
How can I get significantly fitter and leaner in a month?
Is it really important to wear a hat in the sun while running?
What is the use of pull up and pull down resistors in a micro-controller?
How safe are fitness bands to wear all the time?
What are some upper body workouts if you’re so weak you can't do a push up?
Is there any standard workout routine for Ectomorphs?
How many times in a week should I train my chest in order for it to get bigger?
What scaled down movements do you practice to increase your pull ups?
What was the experience like for someone who got into FIT?
How do I use straps while doing a front barbell squat?
Is it okay to walk in the morning and go to the gym in the evening and do yoga?
Is it good to do a workout after consuming food? If not, why?
Do my body muscles decrease if I don’t go to the gym for days?
Will bodybuilding make women's legs bulky? If not, then why do fitness pros (like Nikki B etc.) have big legs?
How do I do cardio exercise at home without equipment and increase stamina?
Is EMS fitness safe?
What are the dos and don’ts for somebody who wants to start running to stay fit?
While doing kegel exercises, I used to get pain in my legs. Am I doing them right?
How do I build leg muscles with light weight barbell squat?
In terms of losing weight, is it better to go on a diet and not exercise as much, or to eat normally and create a strict fitness routine?
How often should one do street workout?
If you can lift yourself up, can you lift your own weight?
Will there be a problem if I do weight training for full five days a week?
As a 14-year-old female starting to go out on 20-minute runs and basic fitness exercises semi-daily, what changes should I be expecting or noticing?
How does one transition into eating two meals per day and exercising again without screwing up their metabolism?
What is the difference between pick and lift?
How do you choose a jump rope for general exercising?
Why does leg workout takes most strength?
Which is the best Resistance bend exercise for men?
Will my dog get ripped if I make it workout?
What would you recommend about running daily on road (tarmac)?
What exercise would you suggest for a woman to lose thigh fat?
How did CrossFit generate its initial traction? How did it go from the original gym to the first 20 locations? What were the triggers?
Should I workout if my elbow hurts whenever I fully extend it?
How should one plan, including diet, to run a 1,600 meters in 6:30 minutes?
Do our height increase after the age of 17 if we do regular exercise?
What's a good exercise to reduce belly fat and obtain a toned stomach, besides the obvious crunches?
How can I build my body to be like Arnold’s?
Why is GoodLife Fitness so popular?
What’s the best arm and forearms routine?
What is the simplest exercise/workout that is effective?
What should I avoid eating before intense cardio training to stop me from needing to poop?
What are the benefits of doing pushups? How does it help women? How many reps. should one do?
Is there any 4 day (or less) work out plans for irregular (shifts fall on different days every week) work schedules?
What workout split would be best for someone in the military that requires all around fitness, and incorporates at least 3 days of cardio?
If exercising a lot keeps you young and is anti-ageing, then why do many who work out have a lot of wrinkles?
Is lifting weights enough to burn fat?
How do film stars makeover their body in months?
Should I squat everyday if I want a bigger butt?
How do I train for 8k run?
Why do your hands shake after lifting weights?
Is it bad to do squats when taking a shower?
Will yoga help me reduce my BP?
Is it bad for men to have soy protein (more specifically after weight lifting)?
What are some stretches I can do to be able to do the splits?
Is exercise bad for you?
Does pure physical labor build muscle better than weight lifting?
Are my running times good?
Is it possible to increase one’s chest from 70 to 81 in 4 to 5 months? How much does one need to workout?
What are the best effective ways to burn belly fat for men?
I dislocated my knee. What exercises can I do?
What modality of fitness training makes you the leanest? (Assuming you have a clean nutrition plan).
Why is walking considered a good exercise?
Is it OK to have sex after a workout?
What might cause tremors after exercise?
Should I workout before or after studying as a high schooler?
Should I workout everyday and how long if I'm weak and skinny?
Can a girl start playing physical sport, like wrestling or weightlifting, at the age of 25, with the aim of winning medals?
Is a 21 out of 30 good on the Mensa workout good?
How can I tone my arm muscles? How can I increase my muscle mass in my arms?
I have a bad physique but I want to stay fit and not getting motivated towards it. What should I do?
How should I get back into being active? Should I jump right back into lifting and running or should I start with something easier?
What exercises can I do to improve my reflexes?
I want to get stronger and more muscular by doing push-ups, pull-ups, and sit-ups. How many reps and sets should I do everyday?
What should my diet plan for six-pack abs be if I exercise/work out at home without equipment?
What’s the fastest you ever sprinted?
Where should you start if you want to burn excess fat and do some toning up this summer? Is a cleanse recommended to start with, or are they purely a fad?
How can I start gym exercises?
Can one build upper pectorals without an incline press?
Will there be any side effects if I sleep just after my morning exercise in the summer?
How does a beginner bodybuilder who is skinny get bulky? When will his abs be muscular and visible?
Should I study for maths by doing exercises or by studying examples and figuring out how to solve similiar exercises?
What is more important, to have a strong and fit body or a clever brain?
Does being tired after nine hours of sleep, following 30 minutes of exercise, indicate that one is unfit?
What are some good workout routines for a rowing machine?
Do push-ups help in increasing our body strength to be able to lift heavier weights?
Is doing thirty 1-minute sessions of exercise per day as beneficial as doing one 30-minute session per day?
How do weight bearing exercises actually help bones?
What is the best training exercise for surfing?
What is the best exercises for jumping higher?
After building muscle, can I maintain it by doing body weight exercises?
Running is the best thing for me to keep my mood in check. It's my hobby. How can I improve muscle gain at gym and not cut my running?
Which is better, gym or functional training?
Have you ever felt more tired than usual during a resting time while not working out?
How can I make my right shoulder lift up as far as the left while walking?
Is it advisable to do 100 pushups immediately followed by bench press (20-25 reps with light weight)?
What exercises are there to lose belly, hip, and thigh fat?
How can I reduce 10 kg in 20 days?
Can I do running along with my gym? I am doing gym in mornings and running at evening and I am a vegetarian.
Which pranayama and yoga poses are recommended for someone who has already quit smoking?
What should you do after running?
What kind of stretches are preferable in the morning, static or dynamic?
If I do no other exercises besides squats, will my body look weird because I'll have a huge ass and no other muscles?
What is the best way to workout at home without using weights or going to the gym?
What is a simple yet rewarding and effective exercise routine that I can do in the morning?
How do I do pullups/chinups?
What five weight training exercises would you choose for a full body routine?
Which are the best chest exercises to develop the outer pectoral muscle?
How does Akram Khan stays consistent in his workouts?
What is the minimum number of days a beginner (slightly unfit) must work out to gain little biceps?
My legs are too skinny compared to my upper body, so what are the best leg workouts to build heavy and thicker legs?
What are the best weight workout routines for rowing?
What is the best workout to lose my belly fat and water retention? I already eat real food and fewer calories, and I do cardio and strength training.
Are high knees a vigorous exercise?
Do I still have a chance of widening my hips?
What happens if you run 1 mile everyday for a year?
How can I start gym exercises for good health?
What are some examples of aerobic and anaerobic exercises?
I am 50, I want to increase my baseball throwing speed, what exercises should I do?
How do I sew an accordion stretch panel, does the elastic have to be pre-stretched?
Can men wear slim fitting jackets for interviews?
How do pros train their abs in the beginning of their career? Which exercises do they perform and how many days per week?
How can I increase my stamina for any workout?
Do I need a gym membership in order to lose fat and gain muscle?
Why does eating protein before a workout make you sweat more?
What are the differences in calorie burning in walking and biking?
How do one start exercising after a C-section?
What are the reasons to feel shortness of breath and sweating while excercising?
How do I maximize my endurance (running) within 9 days?
Is it possible to be obese yet remain healthy or physically fit?
What's the best way to gain upper body mass without gaining lower body mass?
Can I exercise while fasting in the month of Ramadan?
As a female, how can I gain more muscle mass in my upper body? What are the best workouts?
How would I get abs as soon as possible?
Am I suppose to have my shoulders/arms completely relaxed when I walk or lift them slightly higher?
What happens when a slightly obese man decrease his daily food intake by about ⅓rd and does regular weight exercise?
What should I do to get fit as a teenager and get skinny, strong and healthy?
Why am I having aches and soreness when I work?
I'm experiencing extreme muscle pain from both arms and shoulders, due to a dumb workout, that has lasted for 3 days, what should I do?
It has been three weeks since I started running, but still I have knee pain when I try to run. How can I cure this?
What should I do when I have done my exercise in the evening after eating and now my chest is painful?
Why should I make time for exercise?
What is the difference between CrossFit and gym exercises?
I am lifting weights for over 5 months and taking whey isolates, but do not seem any gain in my muscles. What am I doing wrong?
Are the deadlifts and squats helping to reduce weight and burn fat?
What should I do first, running or exercise?
What is the best running routine for 1km run in 3:45?
If you do not exercise, but eat healthy, how much protein should you eat?
What is the best way of acquiring a good body physique if you are thin?
How can women get a lean and muscular physique?
What should girls eat after a workout?
Which sport is better to get a fit body, swimming or going to the gym?
How many times should an adult masturbate in a week?
Is it possible to break someone’s hand with a handshake?
What are the best-kept secrets about exercise, fitness, body building, and working out?
Can I get a full-body workout with a 45lb kettlebell?
How effective is the legs, bums and tums workout?
Do you ever struggle with staying committed to running? What's your biggest motivation?
Does a vacuum in space get stronger and stronger?
Is going to the gym good for the physique of a girl?
How do you motivate yourself to exercise when you're already happy with the way you look?
How many of you have lost weight by doing yoga?
Why do I get more tired from walking slowly than walking at a brisk pace?
Which exercise machines do you use at home for working out?
How should I approach a gym buddy’s auntie?
Which kind of stretching exercise should I avoid if I have lower back pain?
Which it the best fitness center?
Is it better to first lose body fat and then build muscle or both at the same time?
What are the best things to eat when one is gymming?
Can anyone help me with a skit idea on yoga day?
If you do 20 push ups every day for 3 months, how much fat would you lose in your chest area?
How can I make myself a faster runner?
How many months does it take for a complete body transformation if we do gym workouts for 2 hours a day, 6 days a week?
What is the best exercise for monster, massive shoulders? Which supplements are best?
What are the benefits of getting Yoga Certification?
What is the perfect weekly schedule to reach my highest cardio potential?
Will planking at random times help me get slightly leaner if I did it everyday?
What builds more mass in weightlifting? More reps and less sets or less reps and more sets?
Is masturbation OK after 1 hour of working out in the gym?
What's the best way to gain weight and start lifting?
What is the proper form for pull-ups and push-ups in the Air Force?
What can you say about the RP-US Balikatan exercises?
Is there an exercise which can replace sit-ups? I've heard they have a high body DMG percent.
What is the best way to improve myself (in running)?
I have to run 50m in 6:30 seconds. What are the best exercises/routine/tips to improve this?
Does walking help build running stamina?
How can I lose fat, get skinny, fit and healthy as a teenager and fit in my clothes?
Can you do fat burning and muscle building simultaneously?
What is a good example of a low impact cardio for bad knees?
How can I get thicker thighs?
What is the damage to your body if you sweat profusely from exercise every day?
Will I be stronger than an average person after losing weight if I do body weight exercises while I am fat?
Can Sennheiser wireless headphones be used for workouts in the gym?
What exercise does the killer perform in the movie Faster?
Where do you recommend getting cheap, pretty and comfy exercise / yoga attire in Singapore? Is JB worth travelling to for getting cheaper goods?
If I don't sweat while riding my bicycle, does that mean I am not burning calories?
Has the Hulk really lifted the weight of a star, as some people claim?
How do I become happy as a teenager and get good grades and get fit?
Why are my muscles bigger after a workout?
Can you build muscles without cardio?
Why do some pains (e.g., the pain in the body after an intense workout, or when you are mentally hurt, or when you rub your gums together) feel good?
How soon can you exercise after pericarditis?
How many calories does bending over backwards burn?
What exercise is the quickest way to lose weight?
Is jumping on a trampoline good exercise?
Is it possible to do more than 70 sit-ups in a minute?
Is it dangerous to exercise on a day you haven't consumed much salt?
Can we train forearms with arms?
What are the benefits of training on sand for a runner?
What are some training ideas I can do to condition my body for traditional karate or any training at all?
What can I eat before gym in the morning?
In what order should one train strength and endurance?
Can you give me a list of military exercises and how many of each to do?
What exercises should one do on the first day of gym?
Why do I have veiny abs?
Should I still workout my chest if it is sore?
What has research shown about whether or not people can lose fat while building muscle?
Which sport is good for full body tone and fitness football or athletics?
How do I make time for workouts when I have a busy schedule?
I am 14 years old and I have asthma, so it's hard to exercise without pushing myself too hard. How can I lose weight without hurting myself?
How do I lose belly fat without exercise? I'm too lazy.
What are the type of people who prefer indoor cycling as a form of exercise?
What is one tip you have for me to make my deadlift get stronger?
What are the best and easiest dishes for an obese person looking to begin losing 20kg of fat? I’m looking to lose weight before exercising.
What are some examples of muscular endurance in sports?
What is the strength of strength?
Who is the best female fitness model in the USA?
How do I transform my body like Sahil Khan?
Should you look out on the Leg press?
What should I do to improve my arm strength for push up?
What's the best way to brush up my Mandarin with 3-4 weeks in China?
Should reservations be lifted?
What are the most useful exercises to do early in the morning?
What is the best way to reduce weight, working out at the gym or running?
How often can forearms be strength trained?
How effective are isometric exercises?
What kind of exercise do I need to follow to reduce belly fat? My height is 170 cm and I weigh 96 kg. What can I do to reduce fat?
Does badminton count as a mild strength training exercise?
Are Zen monks encouraged to engage in physical exercise? If not, why?
What is it like to be in a workout video?
Can I successfully recomp my body with solely yoga?
Will I lose muscle if I lift lighter weights?
What's so bad about Planet Fitness?
If I do weight training 4 days a week but don't eat enough, will I be in danger of over training?
Why does my squat improve more than my bench?
What is the best way for a senior to strength train?
Why should I run?
How do I get more chest muscle so that my upper sternum is less visible?
Why does it seem that every fitness and bodybuilding instructor advocates against cardio training, when in fact it’s one of the best exercises you can do?
Which is the best beginner gym workout routine to build muscle and lose fat for a 32 year old male?
Is it good to eat a boiled egg before my workout?
Has any one achieved great results by doing yoga daily?
How I can prepare for running?
What is the best fitness routine for teenagers?
How long and how often should I exercise to see some serious muscle gains?
What happens if we eat rice after workouts? Is it good or bad?
Is it possible to rent an empty small room for an hour?
When you burn body fat, do you burn saturated mono- and polyunsaturated fat in equal amounts, or is there a preferential one?
Does my cardio routine (30 minutes on the treadmill, alternating 1 min intense exercise with 3 min rest) meet the criteria for effective HIIT?
What are some good ways to go from skinny to fit?
What are some beginner basketball training exercises that can be done at home with no hoop (female)?
How can I make my calf muscles bigger?
Is it possible to build muscle on antipsychotics? Is it as efficient as normally?
Is there any difference in one’s heartbeat between when one’s exercising and when one’s fearful?
Does Jocko Willink really workout 7 days a week every morning?
Is there any difference in the energy required or calories burnt while walking on a treadmill versus walking outdoors on firm ground?
Can I do light/moderate cardio while bulking?
How do you strengthen your middle section and bottom without excessive exercise?
Apart from working out at the gym, how do men generally train (context: India)?
Which exercises can increase our height after 18 years old?
How do I get really big muscles at home without gym equipment?
What are the benefits of assisting an advanced yoga class?
Should I buy a fitness band?
What will be impact on my body, if I do cycling and skipping rope for half an hour each?
Will lifting heavy weights or less weight help for chest-building?
What are the best exercices for a setter?
How does Prozac affect exercise performance?
What are the best exercises to improve mobility of the shoulder joint? I get pain if I try to touch my right scapula with my left hand from behind.
Will stretching to increase hip flexibility help increase my vertical jump?
What are some of the best ab workouts at home and with no equipment?
Do I have gynecomastia or is it just chest fat? I'm 18 years old, 6′1″, and 81kg.
Is weight lifting good to lose weight?
How do I get abs while I'm eating a lot to get bigger too?
Is it okay to extra train arms and shoulders other than in the gym?
How can I gain muscle in my upper body as a competitive swimmer?
Do I have to lose fat to build muscle?
Is group pilates class safe and effective in the gym?
How many times a week I can do full Sudarshan Kriya in follow up sessions? Is there any side effect if I do it 4 to 5 times a week?
Can I build an aesthetic body without using weights and any equipment?
How can I increase muscle size and strength with bodyweight training or by lifting everyday objects (bags instead of barbells, etc)?
If you had a five minute break every day at work, how would you spend it?
How can I feel a runner's high again?
Should I go to the gym today? It's rainy and cold, and I haven’t been there in a couple of weeks. I’m thinking of ordering pizza?
Which bodyweight workout is suited for skinny men?
How do I gain fat and muscle in certain areas with exercise?
I’m 15, nearly 5'9 and 198 pounds. Should I intensively workout my whole body in a day, 3 times a week with 2 days of gap for resting and light calisthenics?
What are the simple but important exercises I should do if I am a teenage girl?
What can pilates do for your body?
How much time do I need to build great fitness for football despite the little time I have in the day and what are the best exercises?
What can Pilates do for you and your body?
Why aren't you exercising right now?
Is it necessary to take protein powder when doing a gym workout?
What workout top for guys was in during 1996?
I had a leg workout two days ago and it still hurts to lock my knees and flex my quads. Is this bad?
What style of climbing is the best upper body workout?
If one can do 50 push-ups in one go, what does it tell us about his/her physical state?
Is it good for a single guy to masturbate 3 to 4 times a week?
When getting sun exposure, should I do it 15 minutes without a break, or can I do it 10 minutes in the morning and 5 minutes in the afternoon?
What's the difference between HICT, HIIT, HIRT, SMIT, HIVT, and VIIT?
Is working your way out with exercises, not appropriate during your period bubs?
What is the best way to stay healthy exercising while on a diet?
What yoga poses should I avoid if I have SI joint pain?
How do I exercise?
Why do strength calisthenics (10-15 reps per set) make me more sore than weight training?
Why can't I run at all?
Does working out in the gym fight depression?
Is a 15 km walk per day enough to lose a stone (14 pounds or 6.35 kg.) in 6 weeks, along with a good diet?
What kind of gym do most med students go to (e.g., CrossFit/usual gyms/boxing)? How long & how many times a week do they go to the gym to maintain their daily study schedules?
How can I do 20 push-ups in 4 days? I currently do about 15.
What is the best exercise routine for a skinny 13-year-old?
What are some quick stretches for my whole body to do every morning?
Which are the best 1, 2 or 3kg dumbbells for arm exercises for women?
Is it okay to drink 1 scoop of Protein Powder weight gainer after a home workout?
Which is best, walking, jogging, swimming, cycling, skipping, running, going to the gym or doing yoga?
Is gym good for women?
What's another way to work on my abs other than abs workouts?
What should I eat before an insane workout?
I’m starting my workout and wonder how many days/weeks it will be until I can see muscle growth?
Will full body workouts everyday weaken or strengthen muscle?
Does general exercise help RSI write injury from coding?
What are the best strength exercises for women?
Which is the best fitness band under 1500?
Can I get fit body just by walking one hour a day?
Could you actually get stronger by lifting a calf every day until it becomes a bull?
How do I know I am jogging but not running?
What's a good way to lose 10kg in 2 weeks without much exercise?
How do I lose 10kg in 2 weeks without a lot of exercise? I'm currently 76kg (female), with an athletic build, but my tummy is starting to pop out.
Is there a tendency for women to let themselves go after 20 (stop exercising and eating proportionally)?
Why is my butt muscle painful despite no workout?
How many calories does a female Olympic gymnast burn in a day?
How can I stay motivated to exercise? I have good health and don't have any issues so I always talk myself out of it.
How do pilots manage workouts and hectic flight schedules, to keep themselves fit?
What is the best yoga exercise for excess weight loss?
Is there such a thing as exercise intolerance? Every time I attempt to exercise I feel dreadful and sick.
Do you consider yourself as an athelete if you're a bodybuilder who lifts 5-6 times a week?
Why do my legs hurt after running?
What is the difference between a bulk body and a lean body?
How do I train to be really good at cross country running?
Should I continue training my chest?
Is lifting heavy things an alternative to lifting weights, or does it break the muscle down?
How can I build muscle at home with a pair of dumbbells 15kgs each and doing pushups?
What is a good, short morning stretching routine that stretches most muscles?
Running on tread mill is not good for knees but why sports persons get train on tread mill?
How come guys at the gym can see through a woman’s workout clothes if she’s wearing a thong?
Is there an age which I should stop going to the gym?
For a beginner, is it better to use your own body weight or lift weights?
Is running in place considered a vigorous exercise?
How much weight and repetitions do you do while doing squats and deadlifts?
What are the requirements for an advanced yoga class?
What's a good routine for a full workout at a gym?
How many calories do I burn if I walk for 60 minutes or take 7,000 steps in a day?
Is calisthenics more effective at cutting body fat than HIIT training?
Can weightlifting rejuvenate?
How do I get a great chest?
What is fitness? Can a person be called fit by looking at his physique or is it the probability of him experiencing fatigue at the time of action?
What are gym membership fees per month in Copenhagen for weightlifting?
How can I strengthen the muscles in my hand?
Will our stomach increase if we stop doing abdomen exercises?
Once my abs become visible and muscular, will it be hard to maintain them that way?
What is the purpose of aerobic exercises?
Is there any gym near CET, Bhubaneswar?
What exercises can I do so I can twist my upper body around and how long will it take?
What is the perfect time for exercise?
Is it normal to lose control of your body when stretching?
How do I combine a pure push-ups training with "normal" gym?
What are some side effects for 16-year-old boys who go to gym?
After eating, how long should one wait before working out?
How can I get flat abs in 6 weeks?
Why do I get chills after running?
Does doing yoga alone could make a person slim and fit?
Which is the best intra workout drink?
Which are the best books related to physical strength and body building?
After I eat lunch, what can I drink/eat as far as bodybuilding supplements to lower my hunger until post-workout?
What are some weight bearing exercises?
Can a women have a flat stomach after delivery?
If you had to sprint or run distance, which would you do?
How is walking good for the heart?
Can we do gym in the early morning every day at AIT Pune in the first year?
How can I do yoga and lift weights in a single day's routine to make my body flexible and to make it look good?
How many pullups should I be able to do? Do these exercises help?
How can I build muscles if I have a coronary heart disease?
I am 165 cm tall, and I weigh 44kg. I exercise twice/week and eat healthy, but somehow my body stopped changing. How can I gain muscle mass?
Besides weight loss, what are the benefits of daily exercise?
Why is there only one set of deadlifts on starting strength?
Why do people walk to places instead of running?
What kind of exercises would Vivek Mittal suggest to a 72kg teenage girl if she wants to lose 10kg within one month?
Can you suggest some motivational workout songs?
How soon is it safe for you to exercise after an asthma attack?
Which workout will broaden my upper body frame?
How can I build my stamina for a long hike?
Why can't I seem to lose body fat, even though I exercise, am very active, and I am nursing two babies?
Should I feel the pump after working out my upper back?
How will you feel after Juventus legend Buffon lifts the UCL 2017?
What are some exercises to lift and shape my butt?
Can I lose weight if I can't leave tea, oil and snacks? If so, how?
Is it bad to have different workouts ever other day?
What are some examples of muscular endurance?
What are some good body-weight exercises to get infantry-style fit?
What are some best music tracks for jogging?
Does exercise alter the chemicals in the brain?
I hate exercising. What's the most effective exercise routine I could follow for the shortest amount of time where I will get the most benefits?
What workout split works best for you?
What are general mistakes while doing squats?
What is the right exercise for a student for their brain, aerobics or bodybuilding? I can only give 30 minutes for a workout. Is it possible to gain mass?
Are we fit if we eat well and exercise daily?
What is a good kettle bell exercise to increase my chest size?
How do I lose belly fat without going to the gym? It would be great if workout schedules along with diet plans could be shared.
What are the best exercises to have a balanced shoulder complex?
Will doing 30 wide shoulder push-ups daily have a good result?
How do I get/convince a very overweight friend of mine to go on a diet or to workout?
What is the best home exercise app for male?
At 23% body fat and 155 lbs, what is more important for me in gaining abs, cardio or ab workouts?
How do you calculate the equivalent weights you are pushing when you are cycling?
I'm 15 and I want to lose thigh fat and gain upper body strength. What's a good workout plan for me?
What are some good stretches to improve flexibility?
Are squats good for knees?
Where can I find a great step aerobics class in the East Bay (Oakland, Ca)?
What all exercises/cardio/gym can I (26-years-old) do to lose 18 kg (92-74 ideal), considering that my right shoulder joint got dislocated and relocated?
Can I do body weight exercises after intense weight training?
What are some good funk guitar exercises?
Is walking 5 stories up equal to 2 km of walking?
If at the 'full expression' of a yoga pose the yogi is supposed to be relaxed, why do teachers' dialogs still invoke intensity and hype (push, push!)?
How are jumping jacks good for you?
Is it ok if all I do is work out at the gym and sleep it off? I'm extremely frustrated with everything.
What is the point of exercise if my face is hideous?
Which is better- swimming or gym?
Do you absolutely hate going to the gym?
Is there any free workout and nutrition regimen website or app with feedback for getting fit?
How many calories does 20 minutes of running burn?
Are you wasting money on pre-workout?
Should I workout by doing calisthenics/bodyweight training or by running as a teenager?
If you could only have one fitness/exercise machine, would it be a rowing machine, cycling machine, or something else?
What are the best exercises for my legs?
How many miles could I walk/run in a day with a 40lb backpack?
Would a wider back, bigger shoulders, stretched out fully fingers increase your wingspan?
What type of yoga is core power yoga?
Will short bursts of jump roping and sprinting increase my leg strength and endurance for MMA?
What is a good weight bearing exercise for osteopenia?
How can I get out of running the mile?
How does a chiropractor treat muscle imbalances without exercises?
What are some good shoulder workouts?
What workout routine can I do 3/4 times a week with just an adjustable weight dumbell (up to 105 on each) and a pull up bar?
If you run 3 miles one day and then another 3 miles the next, would you burn the same number of calories as if you ran 6 miles in one day?
What are the ways to promote group fitness classes?
How long does it usually takes to add another inch on muscles with weighted bodyweight exercises?
Is only working on my upper body at the gym harmful if I run and bike frequently?
Where can I see videos of meditation exercises online?
Can I quit gym and start doing only cardio?
If doing Olympic-style powerlifting workouts increases your muscles, why do bodybuilders work out using a split system?
As a bodybuilder with a hunchback, what kinds of concerns should I have while lifting weights? What are the exercises I should/shouldn't be doing?
If someone gave you $20 to dance for 30 minutes, would you do it?
How do I burn body fat fast and gain (or maintain at least) muscle?
I’m only 13. Is it possible to run 800 meters in 2 minutes and 30 seconds?
is drinking a cold smoothie after a workout good or bad?
Which workout targets the most muscles in the body?
How can I decrease my weight from 65 to 55 kg without boring physical exercise?
What exercises can I do when I am suffering from a slipped disc?
Is it possible to completely transform yourself with just a few pairs of dumbbells and pull-up bars?
How long does it take until muscle mass starts to go down after not working out?
What should be one's workout intensity to maintain shape once they've reached their health goal?
Should I workout if my upper ankle hurts?
How can I maintain my physical fitness while I'm over 60?
Exercise makes my belly more fat instead of flat. Why?
How do I get mass on my chest?
How can I be more fit?
How can I get people in the door to my new gym?
Which PSU has no physical fitness test?
What am I supposed to eat after a workout when I am on a diet?
What is the best workout routine for a beginner focused on fitness?
Why does time seem to slow down during exercise?
Does jumping rope make jumping faster? What is the idea of jumping rope?
Where can I get online training (preferably free) for doing full body work out and gym exercises, including diet?
If you get to know that you just have 10 more minutes to live, how will you spend those 10 minutes?
What people suffering from arthritis can do to improve muscle strength other than weight lifting?
What are the gym workouts for triceps?
Why do we swing our arms while walking?
How can I build a strong app?
How can I improve my muscles without using equipment?
Is 5-exercise 5-set 5-rep workout any good?
How can a percussionist train their arms and upper-body strength?
Will strengthening my toes and ankles increase my vertical jump and running speed?
Its been 8 month since I stopped exercising. My body feels stiff, my hands and my rest of my body feels warm all the time. What can I do to get well?
As a person with little free time to experiment, what yoga poses should I do every day to ensure I'm healthy?
Is it possible to build a fitness-model-like body in 9 months naturally?
What should one prefer for a toned body, aerobics, Zumba, Pilates, yoga or weight training in the gym?
What is the best way to increase muscle recovery time after a tough workout so you can continue exercising shortly after?
What is the best exercise for a 59-year-old person?
Is it enough for me to do two weight training sessions and two swimming sessions a week? (I'm sixty years old.)
I get chills after running. Should I be worried?
Is swimming for 1 hour daily enough of an exercise for a healthy heart if I also consume a lot of butter daily?
Does doing uperbody weight lifting build visible abs?
How do I do cardio exercise at home without equipment and increase stamina?
Is EMS fitness safe?
Which exercise reduce tremor?
How does yoga help you to lose weight despite not using weights, much movement, or tiring physical activity?
What is the best form of functional exercise?
What is the correct time to go jogging?
Which is better for building strength and muscle, heavy weight for low reps or medium weight for high reps?
How can I make my stomach flatter in a week?
Why do I get a rash when I exercise?
Which one is better for health, swimming or running? And how?
May I save my muscular mass by three swimming workouts and only one weight lifting workout per week?
What are some home remedies to stay fit?
What do you feel when seeing Suresh Raina seemingly being out of shape with a big tummy? Shouldn't he taken care of his fitness?
Why don't I feel my pull-ups in my arms and back, but I feel them in my core the next day? (I'm training to failure for three sets.)
What exercises can I do at home to build muscle?
Why is it that when I try to do simple stretches, I feel like I'm pulling something in my leg?
Is running on treadmill enough to lose weight?
Which is better, 300 burpees or 100 push-ups, 100 sit-ups, and 100 squats?
What’s the best arm and forearms routine?
How can anyone overcome plateau in muscle development and strength?
What happens when we drink after a gym work out? Is it good or bad for us?
Is there any 4 day (or less) work out plans for irregular (shifts fall on different days every week) work schedules?
Can a female build up strength same as a male through weight lifting and exercises?
What is the difference between a morning walk and going to the gym? Which one should be preferred, and why?
Why did the finger wrinkle after swimming?
What is the best way to go from flabby legs to toned legs?
Why do a lot of non-straight women have broader shoulders? Is it a biological reason linked to homosexuality?
Can I lift weights 5 days in a row? I'm 42 years old.
Can a beginner build up their muscles at home? Will it be effective?
My upper chest is not flat. It kind of bulges out. How do I correct it?
What if I train every part of my body including calves except my abs?
How can I begin the business in yoga?
Which would be better for getting sixpack, full body circuit or abs exercises with cardio?
What is the core strength of your family? Why do you think it is so strong?
How long should an individual exercise their mind each day to keep from regressing in IQ?
How can I build a massive chest with heavy weights?
How much heat does a workout produce?
How do I reduce belly, side fat and man boobs naturally by exercising or yoga for an adult (age 23 years)?
How will 8 minutes of sprinting and 45 minutes of swimming twice a weekend affect me physically?
Is jogging for two minutes then walking for eight and doing that for twenty minutes good?
Is it bad to always wipe your sweat while exercising?
How do I get a feminine body at the gym without gaining too much muscle?
Which one jumps faster, a guy without a jump-rope or a guy with a jump-rope?
What's a good sprinting workout plan?
Is there any exercise to gain weight?
What kinds of nutrients does a muscle need to repair after a workout and to get bigger?
How can I strengthen ciliary muscle of the eye and delay its fatigue?
Is it a good idea for me to start Capoeira when I have scoliosis?
Does it affect working out in summer?
How far can a person go with body weight exercises?
What does it feel like to overwork your muscles?
How do some guys get so strong without ever hitting the gym?
Is there any advantage doing seated upper body exercises versus standing? Don't you use more muscles while standing, making it more of a compound exercise?
How can you exercise in your bedroom?
Does your body initially reject exercise when you begin a serious regime?
Which one burns more calories- jogging on a treadmill (at steady pace) or high interval training?
Is there any harm in doing strength and cardio exercise everyday?
Which is the best fitness band for under Rs. 1500?
I took a spin class this morning and my knee started hurting after about 5-10 minutes. What was I doing wrong?
What kind of exercise can lazy people do?
Does NSIT have a gym? If so, is it good enough to work out?
How much should you rest in a day?
I want to lose fat and gain muscle, should I set my macros to lose or gain weight?
After an exercise, I felt like throwing up and my vision became very bright, like the grass was glowing neon green. Does anyone know why it occurred?
When should we drink a banana milkshake: after exercise or before exercise?
How do I start the process of being healthier and exercising?
What's the best app for running? I'm doing interval training on hills and runs on greenbelts between mapped streets, and this confuses Strava.
Are a fast walk and a brisk walk the same thing?
Which is the best fitness academy in Mumbai?
What is a simple yet rewarding and effective exercise routine that I can do in the morning?
Are high knees a vigorous exercise?
How do I strengthen my knees, to run everyday?
Should you stretch before you workout in a gym?
What are some absorbing hobbies I can do at home? I have struggled my whole life with being bored at home. I read, exercise, and play backgammon.
What's the best treatment/exercise for a dual diagnosis of costochondritis and shoulder impingement with associated upper back pain?
Is it advisable to do 100 pushups in a row or can I do the same using 4 sets of 25 reps each?
How can I keep myself from getting chills after running?
What conditioning or other exercise can I do to improve my fitness in this arena?
How does running increase your fitness? How much time should I spend running every day?
Are drugs more effective when you're physically fit?
What are good stretches to do every day to train towards the splits (center, left and right)?
What is the best fitness method to get stronger over a span of 2 months?
Does aerobic exercise help in migraine?
What's a good body weight percentage for a dead lift?
How important is strength to endurance?
What is cardio exercise?
Why do I feel like puking or vomiting every time I complete a gym workout?
What home workouts are good for 400m dash preparation?
Can a 13-year-old boy perform push-ups? Are there any side effects?
Is there a good body weight exercise which complements push ups (i.e. Develops different muscle groups like biceps)?
Why are my thighs so large?
Would an exercise routine of squats and pull-ups for two hours a day, six days a week be enough for a 'fit' body?
Is it possible to gain good eyesight from eye exercises like so many people say it is?
What are the advantages of yoga in daily life?
How do I gain back my stamina after not running for a while?
How often should I do ab workouts and for how long? I'm 42 years old.
Shouldn’t the Indian police maintain fitness standards even for regular service members since most lose track of fitness once they get selected?
Did stretching, hanging, sprinting or any sort of exercise work for you to grow taller? If so, how?
What is a way to reduce the breadth of only the lower body, especially thighs, but not the upper body?
What books do you recommend for nutrition plans, workout routines, and getting a healthy, ripped body?
What are the best 15 minutes workout to stay in shape?
Which is more beneficial for slim people badminton or brisk walking?
Is it possible for me to run a sub 20 minute 5k?
How much excercise is considered excessive?
What are the health benefits of doing pilates during pregnancy?
What is the best strength training program for a 62 year old man trying to build muscle?
Which technique is best to gain muscle size, more reps with low weights or less reps with high weights?
Will playing badminton for 20 minutes everyday help reduce weight?
Which exercises and other stuff do you recommend for making your booty grow? Can that happen?
Why doesn't the body want to exercise?
How much volume work for each and every muscle?
When should I start to exercise after my pregnancy?
What is it like to work as a fitness professional overseas? I am already familiar with the rub of what being a fitness professional in the US is like.
What is the supplement to lose weight fast?
What are the differences between exercises to build strength and exercises to build muscle?
Is it normal to yawn when you're at the gym working out?
Can anyone hold bicep dumbbells for 30 minutes without rest, given the dumbbells weigh 20kg (45lbs) each?
What is a good home workout trying to get lean muscle? I don't have dumbells or weights at my house.
How would doing 10 push ups and sit-ups a day affect my body?
If pushups on a carpet will limit your gains (I've been told), wouldn't doing them on a yoga mat or on grass have the same effect?
What is the best and easiest way to get in shape?
Which exercises are good for sex?
What is the best exercise for helping reduce dizziness?
Is 41 push ups in one minute good for a thirteen year old male?
Why do so many people get hurt when they practice Ashtanga Yoga?
Can a 15 year old boy start lifting heavy things in the gym, or should he do some pushups?
What are some good exercises to perform on piano to help improve articulation?
How does a skinny guy get abs without getting even skinnier?
After five months of lifting, I'm defined but without mass. I've stopped running and I try to eat more. What's the best way for me to gain mass?
How does a big chest size help?
Is doing 300 burpees per day a good workout?
Is morning exercise good for slim guys?
What gym exercises should a fast bowler do? Should it be light weight heavy reps or heavy weight light reps?
When doing standard push-ups, does it matter if your elbows flare out when you go down?
Is sports or exercise better?
Will walking on all fours strengthen my knee caps?
Could you suggest me a workout?
How does the intensity and duration of exercise affect the hormonal response?
What should the diet plan be for a thin boy who just started at the gym?
Can I train in boxing or a street workout after my rotator cuff surgery? I will have to repair my other shoulder too, after recovering from this one. I am 21.
How much time should I do cycling to get rid of my pouch-like tummy?
How can I get abs as a skinny teen at home without equipment?
Is it safe to take fat burner while workout?
Is it good to run and do workouts if you have kidney stones?
Can I lose weight by diet alone, or must I also exercise?
How did you gain your muscle mass? What did you eat and how did you train?
What would you think to be the best training regimen with the available exercises?
If you apply pressure to a bone every day, will it eventually move in the direction you are pushing it?
Which yoga poses and exercises can induce high intraocular pressure in the eyes?
How can I impress girls in yoga class?
Will you see results faster if you lift weights everyday or every other day?
Should I move on to free weights?
What are the benefits of working out 7 days a week?
How do I get rid of a receding chin?
How can I exercise my Great Dane without having to take her for a walk?
How can I lose fat and get as skinny and fit as a 15-year-old?
If those who are against treadmill running were to live in a place with an extreme climate, would they still run outdoors?
In what ways are the effects of caffeine and exercise similar and different?
How can you build excellent mental and physical endurance quickly?
How do I find a balance between muscle gain and cardio workouts?
How do I eat a healthy diet and lose weight?
What workout can you recommend to strenghten my lower back?
How can I build a six-pack without going to gym?
How do I reverse type 2 diabetes with food and exercise alone? Please include specifics meal plans or type of exercises in your answer.
What should be my workout plan if I am skinny and just want to look good in shirts & T-shirts? I can’t lift heavy and I have limited time & protein.
Is it normal to have red spots on your arms after training (crossfit)?
Do planks burn fat?
Your maximum weightlifting capacity may be 50 kg. If you were asked to lift a 500-kg weight, how would you do it?
With a torn meniscus, what body weight exercises can I do? I have been using kettlebells, but I don't want to cause any more damage.
How do I get lean in 2 months if I am overweight?
It takes me almost an entire year to read and do only 1/4 of the exercises, so how do CLRS book authors design those exercises and problems?
How do I increase my workout time? My muscles become so heavy after 40-45 minutes that I can’t even continue with some other muscle workouts?
What do I have to do to get abs?
What are the best workouts (without equipment) for getting a big chest and arms and getting abs?
How can I learn to do the Asian squat?
How many times a week do you need to change your socks?
What are T25 exercises?
I'm an active person that trains CrossFit about 6-7 times week. How many calories may I take in daily?
How can I prevent pain in my knees while doing leg stretching?
Can I run one hour per day as well as going everyday to the gym? Would such intensity have any down side?
How do I do a lower, upper and middle chest workout with push-ups?
What are good companies to buy above-average-weight free weights from?
What exercises should I do other than running while I am on the ground?
How can astronauts run on the treadmill if there is no gravity?
What is the perfect weekly workout plan to gain muscle at a fast pace? Currently, I workout all of my muscles, except my shoulders and legs, twice a week.
Can limescale build up in the body?
How do I gain face fat if I go to the gym on a regular basis?
Why do I feel so turned on sometimes after I workout on my legs?
Is it possible to build a good muscular body in 1 -2 months without going to the gym?
What are some good Chinese eye exercises?
What are good exercises after a knee reconstruction?
What is better freehand exercises or weights?
Which is better for girls, the gym or aerobics?
How do I calculate macros and calories?
Assuming willpower and pain are non-factors, what is the most efficient way to acquire physical fitness overall?
What are your motivational methods for exercising?
Should women do chest weight training at the gym?
Are fit Nordic skiers (cross country) more fit than fit professional high altitude mountaineers?
What is the best machine for abs in the gym?
What can busy entrepreneurs do to fit health & fitness into their daily routine?
How can I reduce my weight by doing exercising at home without any workout machines, and what are exercises that I can do?
Can you build a great body by working out at home?
What is the best way to achieve my real complexion after swimming?
How can I lose weight again after gaining some due to lack of exercising and rough eating?
How do I develop biceps and triceps? I do lift (15+15) kg dumbbells but have not gotten any impressive results.
What is the best exercise to slim down thighs and glutes?
If I eat like a pig and lift heavy weights, will I gain muscle faster than if I babied my nutrition and didn't get enough excess calories?
What workout plan should be followed if planning to have a baby without risking a miscarriage due to stress?
Can I lose weight by exercising, but not changing my diet?
Why do people get weaker with age despite following the same fitness routine and diet regimen?
Why do spinners don't take a run up?
My parents say if I miss school for being sick, then I can't lift weights the same day. Is this right?
How do you perform lingual exercises?
What could be the reason for not losing fat despite six months of regular gym activity?
How can I rebuild and strengthen cartilage?
How can I add bodyweight exercises on workout days?
How do I build a strong mindset?
How is doing pushups on mountains in low oxygen different from doing them near sea level?
How do I lose fat around my arms without making it look bulky?
What's your favorite fitness or fitness-related cliché?
How many kms should I run to lose 7 kg per month?
How long do I have to do these exercises until I have normal posture?
What physical activity is required for the CRPF?
What feels better, sex or lifting weights? Don't say sex. It’s overrated.
What are the best exercises to build a thick lower back?
How long do you have to exercise stock after leaving a company?
What can be done to reduce errors in work leading to wrong numbers pulled out for client projects?
How do I get off a plateau at the gym, because I'm not seeing any more gains?
Should I stop gaming as a 15-year-old in order to get better grades and to get fit?
What muscles do jump squats work?
I work out three times a week, running a mile then lifting weights. How should I be eating?
How can a skinny guy build an average body?
Why is the breath rate higher as the longer distance you run?
How can I increase my stamina for running and the gym?
How long does it take to see the effects of a healthy diet, and what are the effects that take place?
What are some exercises that help induce labor?
What happens to your body when you jog and go to the gym on a daily basis?
How would you design a fat burning fitness program for someone new to exercise?
What is the best workout to strenghten my core?
I am trying to get better at medicine ball overhead throws. Should I focus more on the muscles I need or just continue my full bodybuilding workout?
I'm a high school junior, and haven't grown much since 7th grade. I'm only 5'4", 120lbs, and I don't exercise often. Is it too late for me to grow?
Why am I getting fat? How do I stay fit and toned?
What are the workouts to lose weight on a rowing machine?
What is a good weight training routine 2 times a week?
What are some tips for improving leg flexibility?
What are some short and long-term exercise goals?
Has anyone tried doing yoga/stretching after getting high on cannabis? I've been experimenting with this for a few months and I find it is highly effective.
Is it too late to do physical exercise for my body shape?
What are some tips for beginner joggers?
Is Krav Maga a strength or cardio workout?
How can a girl reduce the size of her thighs?
How do I control my bowel movements which strike every morning when I run, even after finishing two rounds of excretion?
What are the main muscles used for jumping jacks?
Can I attract women by being lifting weights?
What are the best workouts/exercices to get a cobra back?
What is the difference between predicting a 10 second or 1 minute return and predicting a 5 minute or even 30 minute return in futures/stocks?
How do I stop making a wheezing noise while working out?
How long does it take to see results from working out as a teen?
After I started lifting weights my blood vessels have become more and more visible. Is this normal?
What is a good workout routine for getting cut, diet included?
Why does Quincy Larson always recommend audiobooks and when does he listen to them?
What can an overweight, out-of-shape, 30-year-old do to get and stay in better shape?
I have APT, which makes my lower back tight and weak. Does this mean that I shouldn't add lower back exercises to my workout?
How did Franco Columbu get such a wide chest when he was so short?
How can I keep my knees in line when squatting? I experience a lot of popping and clicking after I squat.
Do you lift weights primarily to get stronger? Or more muscular?
For how long should I do my leg workouts on leg day? I'm 42 years old.
What is the best gym routine one can carry out at home to burn belly fat, considering you have minimal weights/equipment?
How do swimmers get such ripped bodies?
What is the best alternative to a personal trainer?
What happens if you work out frequently?
What is the best workout routine to follow for a college student looking to pack on muscle?
How do I maintain my muscle mass and strength with just calisthenics if I am unable to go to a gym for 2 weeks?
Why do you feel like you can't breathe every time you exercise?
How many push-ups can we do so that there will be no side effects?
How can I gain my body structure?
What’s a good routine for a full workout at home?
Is going to the gym bad for your singing?
What is better, going to the gym or doing self-weight exercises?
If we eat like beasts and exercise for 1 hour without stopping, what will happen?
How can I have upper, middle and lower chest workouts with just push-ups?
Should I jog and do workout (at the same time in the evening) or should I start with jogging in the morning and do workout or exercise in evening?
What’s up everybody?
Will I lose my gains if I train only one muscle group per week?
Why do cramps develop after vigorous exercise?
Why can I lift 85% of my max with good form and speed but at 95% my form breaks down and I can barely get in a couple of reps?
What is the best physical activity for a 50-year-old to keep fit?
Has anyone had a knee arthroscopy for microfissures? Was it successful? I can't exercise my leg as instructed without excruciating pain.
Besides health, is there any real benefit to exercising and being fit?
How long should I work out at the gym to lose weight?
How much time should I do skipping to reduce tummy fat?
How much running and physical fitness is done in the Russian conscript basic training? Is there a final test they must pass?
Can you take an Ultracet tablet for body pains due to a heavy workout?
After a week of doing yoga, especially inhaling and exhaling, I feel some sort of sound or movements at the back of my anus. What could that be?
Why do four cable cars travel together in Jeita Grotto? How is the weight balanced? Will there be high tension on the rope?
What exercises can I do to strengthen my anus?
Can we gain six-pack abs by doing bodyweight exercises?
I am seventeen years old fat girl, should I join the gym?
After doing yoga religiously and being vegetarian (eating very little oil) for a month, I've lost only 2kg. Should I be worried?
What's the best way to train for or row for 2 hours?
Will cardio improve my endurance and stamina?
Which is better, a workout for your whole body in a single day or a workout for different body parts every other day?
How can I loose 7-8 kgs weight in 15 days?
How do I get skinny without exercising?
Why do I feel so turned on after working out on my legs?
How do you work-out 99²+199²+299²+399²+499²-5?
Is 153 sit-ups a good record for a 13-year-old?
Is it a good idea for a short thin guy to work out?
Is on-the-spot jogging effective?
What is the difference between power lifting and olympic lifting?
What is the best way to reduce weight, by jogging, cycling, or swimming?
Can you join the best yoga center in the world?
Does taking an ice bath after a heavy workout allows your body to recover enough for an immediate 2nd workout right after?
Has anyone that you know ever made a lean body without lifting heavy weights?
How do I burn body fat fast in a gym?
Between running, cycling and rowing which one results in the highest energy expenditure and why?
In a strength-focused weight training program, what is the best way to incorporate cardio work into your weekly routine?
How do I gain lean muscle mass without fat?
How long do I have to train to be able to do 1000 pushups?
How do rest days work when doing calisthenics?
Where can I get 1 minute and 5 minutes candlestick charts?
What happens if I don’t do ab exercises properly?
Is it advisable to buy a treadmill online?
What should I do to progress in daily Hindu squats, having reached 70 almost every other day?
What is elliptical good for?
What are some exercises to burn stomach and thigh fat?
Can a 42 year old man who made it to his goal by dropping 67 pounds, work on his abs and have abs?
Can someone chart out a schedule for me to get back in shape and get a nice physique?
Is it harmful to do exercises during muscle cramps?
When lifting to failure should I be able to complete as many reps for each subsequent set?
Is a gym better than running in a stadium?
I run a 5:20 mile and want to run a sub 4:40 by the beginning of track season in 9 months. What type of training do I need to run it?
What are some high intensity interval training exercises for someone with an injured ankle?
Why does every train stops at Visakhapatnam for 20 minutes?
What will happen if one does a lot of cardio and no weight training?
How bulletproof are the weighted vests used for exercise?
What are the most effective traps exercises?
Is it better to get a massage before or after a workout?
How important is nutrition when lifting heavy weights?
Can you bulk up without getting more fat?
Why are my legs constantly aching until my next sleep even after a little bit of running?
What is the best diet and exercise program for a 300lb man like myself?
How do I become lean and fit when I’m out of shape?
Are there any body weight excercises for biceps and triceps?
Is it okay to drink one litre of milk? I am 18 years old, and workout twice a day.
How do I get wider hips without making my thighs and calves grow fat/muscular? If I stopped doing the excercizes, would my legs get back to normal?
Is a morning walk good for your health?
How many times per week should I do a HIIT workout, and how many times should I do a strength workout?
Would one have any advantage by attaching (20-50kg) weights to the body, arms and legs and living with them 24/7, and releasing them just before sports matches?
Why is my right arm swollen after a workout at the gym? I am having no pain but my arm feels heavy. What is the reason?
Why do I feel like stretching?
How we can loose weight with little exercise?
Will continuous exercise to my physical limits, even in old age, give me a longer lifespan?
Should I perform yoga under AC?
Is it good to take glucose D during pre-workout?
How can we use the Accenture gym in the morning or evening during working hours? Will our boss allow us to go?
What are the benefits of jumping rope for losing weight?
What protein drink is best for men during and after a workout? Is it okay to drink one both during and after? I weigh 63.3kg.
Can you recommend a good post workout snack?
What are some people who beat aging with exercise and lifestyle?
Can you have a full workout with only one exercise?
Do I really need a rest day from working out? Please see the comment.
What physical fitness level is required for wireless PSI?
How much do I have to eat to put on weight and build muscle?
Do you know anything about epigenetics and the food that Chinese people should avoid to avoid weight gain?
What should be eaten for breakfast when you workout in the evening everyday?
How do I maintain a workout diet when living in PG?
What are the biggest motivators today’s parents have to get healthy & in shape?
Why does your body fat % go up with heavy weight training?
I had a massive heart attack. How can I lose weight? I don't know about lifting weights. Is this safe as I do have a defibrillator/pace maker.
How much should I workout each day as ateen?
How do people know how many calories they burn a day?
After six months of delivery via a c-section, can I join a gym?
What exercises would you recommend to get in shape for surfing?
Why can I do more pull-ups but less chin-ups?
If someone fell off a treadmill in front of you, would you help?
Why do the muscles above and to the sides of my mouth contract when I swing my arms in full, forward circles?
What are the exercises I should do for running 100m if I am aiming for the Olympics?
How can a girl reduce the weight of her thighs?
How many push ups can you do at a time?
How good is it to bench every day?
Can most women achieve an "hour glass figure" with diet and exercise?
How do I lose arm fat without bulking up?
Will weight training get rid of my hourglass figure?
How can I increase my chest​ size in only ten days?
Is it possible to look normal with a receding chin?
Is it cool to grunt and moan while lifting weights at the gym?
Is doing 50 knee press ups the same as doing 25 normal ones?
What are the best medicines and exercises for a healthy brain?
I only have a bench for bench press, leg lifts on the bench and 56 pounds worth of weights. What workouts can I do?
What are your motivations for getting up early, even on the weekends, doing 1 task or taking exercises every day for 1 year?
Is it enough having one weight training and one aerobic workout a week?
When is the best time to exercise, morning or night?
How should I be working out?
What are chin-ups good for?
Which workout should we do in the gym for height?
Can you find and post pictures of people doing yoga with effective posture and those who need an adjustment?
What should one eat if he wakes up at 6:30am, and has to be at the gym by 7am?
I'm a vegetarian who started going to gym. How do I increase my body mass and what should my diet be?
What are some good physical exercises for sex?
Is it possible to be fit and fat?
How do I do a plank properly?
Are there any good workout program that includes strength\fat loss workouts and cardio to help get me in shape for the military?
What are some good hand strengthening exercises for bar chords?
How much protein does the body require if you do a daily heavy workout?
What's the best way to run a sub-3 minute 800 meter run?
Which is better: diamond push ups or shoulder push ups?
How good are spin classes for you?
What can I do to gain weight on my bottom and lose weight off my belly without exercise?
Which freehand exercise should I do to gain muscle in the lower body i.e, thighs, calfs and butt?
Should I take a week off of weight training?
What happens if you do cardio on a calorie surplus?
Let's say X does strength training for one year, and Y does cardio for one year. Who burns the most fat?
I am very overweight and would like to start some exercise. What would be some good exercises to start with?
How do you calculate relative fitness?
What are the tips to be followed during workouts?
Are there any simple exercises to tone our body?
Should I workout everyday before school?
Which type of pushups are good for us?
If I swim 36 laps instead of 24 laps, 3 times / week, will my metabolism be faster on the days following these workouts?
Should I workout with my girlfriend?
What is Buti Yoga and how is it different from more traditional forms of Yoga?
What should I eat before running, to get energy?
Why do swimmers have such nice upper bodies?
How do fitness models get ripped?
What do you think about muscle (body) building and cognitive development (brain building), are these two mutually exclusive?
Can I do yoga after an exercise?
Can I build muscle in one month?
I'm 15, should I do non intensive strength training and abdominal workouts 5 times a week?
What exercise should I do to lose post pregnancy weight?
Will doing 40 jumping jacks, 30 crunches, 20 squats, and 10 pushups actually burn 100 calories?
What are the health benefits of going into a sauna post workout?
Is it really possible for a man of 28 to become fit and esthetic after being obese for 15+ years by following strict excercise and diet regiments?
What are the best lifting exercises for working out the inner thigh?
How do toned arms differ from muscular arms?
What's a good way to loosen up a tight lower back?
I'm 20. How can I go from 5 ft 9 to 6 ft 1?
How often should you workout for it to be good for your health?
How can I get a lean body at home (such as Finn Balor of WWE)?
How much time should I do cycling to get rid of my pouch-like tummy?
Don't you think it's weird that women shape who they are to get a man, and men shape who they are to get a woman?
How can you get a 6 pack real quick?
Can I lose weight by diet alone, or must I also exercise?
Can I do gym twice a day?
Is it possible to get a strong jawline with facial exercises?
Why can't I find the energy and motivation to work out?
Is there a way to shift the concept of exercise from workouts to body maintenance?
What is a good time to do workouts?
It takes Kevin 5 minutes to jog once around a circular track that has a diameter of 400 meters. About how many meters per minute is Kevin jogging?
Can I do yoga if I’m overweight? Where do I find tips for doing yoga?
How do I get toned legs & a big butt?
Can I change from gym to online gym in the middle of the school year?
What is your preference, fitness training or yoga, and why?
What is the best way to gain muscle without losing weight?
What happens to our bodies when we don't exercise for a long time? How can we overcome that?
What are some workouts that don't need a lot of breathing capacity?
What does Snap Fitness cost?
How much should I run at first?
What music/song should I be listening to while running or working out?
What is the most efficient way to get a nice chest at home other than push-ups?
Are AirPods good to use while running?
How should I kick start my running (fitness) after a long injury layoff?
Will doing squats develop calves?
What are the pros and cons of stretching everyday?
Is there a gym in NIT Silchar, with weights to lift for bodybuilding?
Which methods of exercise have you found to be most enjoyable and helpful?
My calves will not grow. What is some advice?
Can you build endurance without running?
Is it stupid that after 12 months of no exercise I took 10mg of dextroamphetamine and a large can of Redbull, to get my heart rate up to 190bpm?
Does regular diet and exercise help with anxiety and depression?
What's Dale Steyn's workout?
Can someone make me a really hard core workout?
What is the simplest, most effective bodyweight workout routine that I can do daily to get a Greek god figure?
How do I gain face fat if I go to the gym on a regular basis?
How do you learn how to master an aerial hoop?
Would doing 100 push-ups every day work just as well as doing a routine of exercises at a gym? Would you get just as strong and muscular?
Is standing punishment good for one’s health?
Does a women's only gym have to allow a transgender female to male person to work out in the gym?
How do you acquire motivation/discipline in college, exercising, and work?
How do I fit 3 strength workouts for the entire body except the legs, a 60km jog/march and 1 swim in a week?
Does running significantly increase intelligence?
Which is the best exercise​ to increase​ speed?
What is a cycle of meditation, yoga and exercises?
What are the best exercises to find peace of mind?
How do I increase my muscles?
What are some easy ways for people with desk jobs to stay fit?
What are the best facelift exercises?
Should I exercise with somewhat sore legs?
Should I lift weights immediately after eating to gain muscle?
Can I lose weight by exercising, but not changing my diet?
What is above physically strong for an Adult man?
Why do women refuse to go to the gym by saying they don't want to look mannish?
What is the longest I should be riding an exercise bike?
What are some improv exercises for large groups?
How do I use honey on workout?
What are the exercises to cure knock knees?
Is it difficult to reduce fat around your hips after the age of 65, especially in summer when it is too hot to walk? What can I do, other than going to gym or using a treadmill?
Are there any boxing gyms in KL where a 14-year-old can train?
How long does it take to lose a good amount of weight using the treadmill nearly every day?
Is working out twice a day for 2 weeks equivalent to working out once for a whole month for fat loss?
When would I see results from jogging twice a day and controlling my diet?
How can I manage to get fit, healthy, skinny as a teen?
What are the health benefits of early morning exercises?
How often do you get a runner’s high?
How many push-ups are needed per day to get a 6-pack abs?
Is it bad to exercise if you are a heavy smoker?
What are some good makeup techniques for minimizing the appearance of a double chin?
How do I get stronger and better at fighting without having "gym muscles" or going to the gym?
Can exercise and walking harm our internal organs? What is the best exercise for belly fat?
Is cardio really necessary for fat loss?
Which age is right for joining a gym?
If I go to the gym for 2 hours for 3 days a week for 3 months, can I become reasonably thin by late ausgust starting tomorrow?
Why do I have such small arms but lift a decent amount?
How can you get skinny in 2 weeks?
What do people do to get flat abs?
What's a good diet and exercise to have to get ready for basic training?
Is it wise for a 42-year-old to lift weights every other day, skipping one day to rest and doing a leg day twice a week?
What are some advantages of developing breathing exercises?
Will I still gain good weight and muscle if I'm in a calorie surplus, eat sweets and cakes but workout and exercise in the same day?
How do I get a ripped body without going to the gym?
What do I need to do to build strength for Parkour/Calisthenics?
Will losing weight and exercising make cellulite go away?
What are some basic workouts/stretches to be flexible?
The body produces adrenaline to raise the heartbeat during both exercise and emotional stress. Why, then, is exercise good for the heart, but stress isn't?
Why do my thighs hurt after doing squats?
If you hang two heavy weights on ropes in a very deep well, say 12km, would they come together or stay the same distance apart?
Would working out before exams help reduce stress/increase performance?
How can I reduce my arms?
Is there any specific exercise to reduce cholesterol?
How can I make leg day less boring?
What is the different body shapes of girls?
Why don't women bench press?
For people who work in the night shift, how do they exercise to build the body (e.g. to have have six-pack abs)?
Do MBBS students go to the gym?
Is jogging 4 times a week enough leg workout for someone who works the upper body 3 times a week?
What exercises should I do to have a fit body?
How many times a week should I workout to grow a butt?
What do I eat to build my abs? I already lift weights.
When should I eat food after doing a workout?
What is better for a (sprinting) athlete, pull ups or barbell rows?
How do I avoid being left out of gym basketball?
Which exercise is good for growing taller by 1 inch within 35 days? I am 17 years old.
What are some of the best jaw relaxing exercises?
Is it necessary to have a perfect, flat stomach? Is there any necessity for a little fat over the stomach for men?
Can I drink a lot of water just after a gym workout?
What's Brett Lee's workout?
Should I buy a magnetic resistance or brake resistance exercise bike?
I'm an out of shape 20 year old male with mild asthma and am a bit fat in the stomach - would I be accepted into basic physical training?
If you exercise in only a certain period of your life, would you live longer than if you had never exercised at all?
What is the cycle of meditation, yoga, and exercise?
Does exercise help you sleep better?
Why is running outside better than on a treadmill?
How can I work on my pectorals with no bench, just dumbbells and a barbell?
How do I strengthen and increase my wrists (not the forearms)?
I will be going to France (Strasbourg for 12 days and 3 days in Paris) this next weekend. Is 800 euros enough for my 2-week stay? I've already paid for my hotels.
How bad does weightlifting or even calisthenics affect your drawing?
As a 22-year-old, what health habits, diets, exercise routines, etc., should I be engaging in to lead a long, healthy life while maintaining a low body fat percentage?
How long will it take to get my muscle back?
What is the best ab exercise? What is the best type of exercise for a 6-pack? Don’t worry about nutrition. I've got that covered.
How do I regain my flexibility?
What is a good amount of sit ups to do daily to strengthen my abs?
What is the shortest and most effective daily gym routine?
I have APT, which makes my lower back tight and weak. Does this mean that I shouldn't add lower back exercises to my workout?
Why do wrists hurt while doing a downward dog yoga position?
Why are most people against workout partners or "fitness buddies?" I love mine.
How did Franco Columbu get such a wide chest when he was so short?
What are some names of aerobic, facultative anaerobic, and anaerobic fungi?
Will my face look good if I lose fat and gain muscle?
Is it okay to just do side jacknives for obliques? Because I heard somewhere that obliques work for twisting as well.
How can I build solid deltoid muscles?
How can I gain my body structure?
What are thw exercises to cure knock knees?
Who are your role models in gym and fitness?
When you stop consuming protein, how long until you feel the effects?
Is it possible for a skinny woman to gain some muscles within a month?
Is it good to eat an apple and a banana after exercising or does it just add fats into my body?
Which is best, a boot camp or a gym?
Why do the muscles above and to the sides of my mouth constrict when I swing my arms in full circles?
How do I increase my muscles on the sides of my glutes?
How much time should I do skipping to reduce tummy fat?
Is it possible for an athlete to have the strength and muscles of a bodybuilder, and the endurance of a marathon runner at the same time?
Can you take an Ultracet tablet for body pains due to a heavy workout?
Hi Everyone, tell me some work-out at home?
What's the fastest way of looking strong and fit?
How come the gym is always busy in May and will it ever slow down?
How can I reduce my belly fat and waist size from 35 to 28 or 29 as they keep on increasing even though I workout?
Can I increase my chest up to 10 inches?
What are some short term effects of exercise on your muscles?
How long should you fast if you're trying to lose the most weight possible in the shortest amount of time?
I have missed 8 days of my gym due to fever. Will I lose my gains?
How do you work-out 99²+199²+299²+399²+499²-5?
How many calories are burnt in 2000 counts of rope skipping?
Would I be muscular if I decreased my body fat?
If you start running in grade 11 and with no training start with a 18:30 5k, is there any hope for you?
What's an affirmation I can have as a beginner at push-ups?
About physical fitness, are you physically fit? Are there any athletic goals you want to achieve? What are your personal goals to stay healthy?
The only thing I’m good at is lifting weights. How can I get paid doing what I’m only good at?
How do I complete 1,600 meters in 7 minutes?
How do I build muscle at 120lbs 5"7 and on a budget?
What exercise one should do to lose 40 kgs of weight?
After a tibia open fracture, some part of my leg became numb due to a nerve injury. When will I gain sense back?
Is there an accurate way to tell how many calories you've burned in a workout?
How frequently do YOU back squat vs. front squat?
How do I reduce my body fat and get ripped?
What are some breathing exercises that increases the lung capacity?
Where would I get a personal coach for weight lifting in Chennai?
Is it true that when you do squats you will have a big booty?
Will a mix of weight lifting and HIIT cardio, while taking supplements, result in fat loss and muscle gain?
Do core exercises like squats or the farmer's walk help people lose weight/exhaust excess calories, or are there entirely different sets of exercises for that?
How do I gain lean muscle mass without fat?
How did your body change once you started working out?
Which is the best exercise to have a great physical condition for surfing, especially for paddling?
How can you prevent feeling dizzy when working out?
Does going to the gym affect one’s studies?
What are some exercises to burn stomach and thigh fat?
Can you improve vision with excercise?
What is Angelina Jolie’s exercise routine?
How can I reduce my waist by skipping?
Do guys in the locker room at the gym talk comment about some of the ladies to each other?
When can I lift weights after a back operation?
Is mental strength and resolve is as important as physical strength?
After how many days is it safe to start exercising again after suffering from a cold?
Under what situation should the weight of the lift be considered when a person is inside the lift?
Why is the tongue fastest muscle we have?
How many calories does a 24 year old guy weighing 83 kgs burn daily if he walks everyday?
What is a good gym to work out at (preferably with a pool) in Norrkoping, Sweden?
Why are my legs constantly aching until my next sleep even after a little bit of running?
Where can I buy a stepper for calf raises?
Should I consume Glucon-D after cardio, if I am trying to get rid of fat?
I slammed my deltoid muscle on a door. Can I lift weights with a bruised deltoid muscle? It doesn't hurt when I lift.
Is a morning walk good for your health?
How can I increase the strength of my triceps?
What are the benefits of stretching before and after workout?
How much exercise is safe in the morning?
What is the best gym in Greeley, Colorado?
Why do I feel like stretching?
What should I do first in a cycle of meditation, yoga and exercise?
What are some of the best tricep exercises for mass?
What does it take to be a cardiovascular surgeon?
What should I focus on in calisthenics being 6′7″?
If I don't feel like going to the gym after work, would going in the morning be a good idea?
If you had a virtual platform at your fingertips to give you guidance on nutrition/training/yoga/Pilates/etc., would you use it?
Why do people stop going to the gym?
What is best for burning belly fat: sit ups or running?
Should you include cardio in your workout if you're skinny, 43kg and if your age is 19 years old?
How many calories does constant and proper hula-hooping burn?
Can we take ProteinX without doing a workout?
Are there any positives to working out the same muscle two days in a row?
What are some muscle building exercises at work place?
What is the future of yoga?
What are the benefits of a treadmill compared to those of a StairMaster?
Can I join a gym for increasing my height?
Which hand grippers should I buy?
If served dessert before dinner at a formal event, do I eat it before or after the entree?
Comparatively, which is better: Zumba or jumping rope?
What exercises would you recommend to get in shape for surfing?
I absolutely suck at running. I can hardly run one mile all the way through. What running program should I do to get better at running fast?
What should be the diet for a pure vegetarian who doesn’t even eat eggs so that the person can have a body like this? Also, suggest some workout hours in the gym, if you please.
What length should exercise bands be?
How many days does it take to lose 40kg of my body weight by going to the gym regularly? What food diet should be followed? How do you tackle the body pain?
Does arthritis and strenuous exercise go hand and hand when you are older, e.g. above 70?
How can I get the most out of our home gym?
Are HGH boosters worth it? I'm 17, 5′8″, and a skinny guy with a weak chin. Will it help me with any of those besides an increase in lean muscle mass?
How often do you Squat and Deadlift?
How do I take whey protein, before workout or after workout?
How many push ups can you do at a time?
What kind of exercises would you recommend for a teenager who wants to start gaining muscle mass at home, without fancy equipment?
Is it possible to go to a gym fully decked in knight armor?
What are the best exercise machines to workout for the forearm?
What are the sports for lower body weight loss?
If you do more ab workouts, will your sperm count be reduced?
What are the best whole body exercises?
Does the Fat Cutter, suggested by Vivek Mittal on his YouTube channel Fit Tuber, work if I am not doing any physical exercise?
Why can't I lift my legs during planche?
What is the best exercise routine for Skinny guys?
Why do you need to be in a caloric surplus to build muscle?
Is jogging in place a good exercise?
Are pushups a good pre-workout before weight lifting?
Is it enough having one weight training and one aerobic workout a week?
What exercises can I do to gain strength and increase muscle size? Also, how do I reduce belly fat?
Is mixing weight lifting and high intensity cardio while taking supplements sort of like hustling backwards?
Can I start yoga without the guidance of a master?
How can I get a lean body at home without using any equipment?
Can I build my body like an athlete with just body weight?
Is it a good idea to do pushups in the standing position?
Which is the best exercise​?
What gives you motivation for fitness?
Is there an outdoor workout area with a pullup/chinup bar in Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China?
Is going to the gym once every two days good?
How do I reduce body fat and gain muscle? What are some foods and workouts to accomplish this?
Is Ensure a good post-workout drink?
I'm wimpy, thin and bad at lifting weights. I tried pretty hard, but all my workout partners ditched me. Should I just go to the gym by myself?
Which freehand exercise should I do to gain muscle in the lower body i.e, thighs, calfs and butt?
What (full body) exercises can I do to come back stronger in general from a foot injury rehab process (Achilles tear)?
Can squint be cured by exercise?
What are some affirmations to say to do beginner pushups?
How do I cancel a Weibo VIP membership without paying?
What is the best (fastest and easiest) way to obtain a strong, masculine body shape?
How can I go from not being physically active at all to being able to do specific exercises?
Is it possible to get a pointy nose with nothing else but face exercises?
What's your favorite pre workout?
When you do cardio, does your heart get stronger? Or do your muscles just use the oxygen more efficiently?
If I swim 36 laps instead of 24 laps, 3 times / week, will my metabolism be faster on the days following these workouts?
Which upper body workouts will make paddling easier while surfing?
What are some effective exercises to help grow and define your calf muscles?
Can you lift things to be strong without using dumbbells?
How do you get bigger ankles with exercise?
Is nude yoga good for teens?
Are people generally attracted to people who are similar to themselves? If I want to date someone who’s physically fit, should I become fit, myself?
What is the time duration between Parayam and yoga?
Why does walking always give me tightness in the lower back muscles?
How can I increase my strength?
Which is better for burning calories, calisthenics or weight training?
If I run/jog a mile on a treadmill, would I get the same benefits and exercise as if I had run on a track?
What's a quick workout that I could do to bulk up my T-shirt with muscle, without dumbbells?
Do three 10-minute workouts per day give the same health benefits as one 30-minute workout using treadmill?
Will I lose fat if I jog in one spot for 30 minutes a day?
How hard is it (considering the effect of earth’s gravity) to do weight lifting in an elevator moving upwards?
Why does my running stamina fluctuate whereby I can run longer distances on some days but on other days I cannot run even half the length?
What are the best exercises for losing fat from one’s face?
As a gym owner, what is the best step to take after finding out a client has been diagnosed as anorexic?
I'm female and 50 yrs. I have bat wings at both hands. What exercise do I do?
How do I prevent steps being counted by my pedometer while I am driving?
What are benefits of having a good body?
Where can I get fitness accessories?
Can simple breathing exercises be practiced without guidance?
What are best chest waders?
What are some good exercise for teen boys for whole body?
Does doing pushups and crunches affect height growth?
Suppose that I am doing a chest or back workout in which I rarely have to walk. Are the calories burnt during these workouts being counted by the Mi Band 2?
Is one egg per day enough for muscle gain?
To what extent can light aerobic exercise lower blood pressure?
Is it possible to get slimmer calves and a slimmer looking face?
What is the best way to increase waist?
Realistically, how much weight in muscle can I put on in a month?
How do you know when an exercise pain is the kind that strengthens vs. the pain that leads to injury?
Did you have a good friend who pointed out the flaws in your idea & helped you improve it? How did it all work out? How did you start?
Is it bad I only hydrate right before my workout?
Can 100 push ups a day reduce chest fat?
What is a good workout routine for those trying to gain weight?
How many miles did you walk this week and why?
What are the best ways to advertise a fitness gym?
How often should I work a muscle group as a teenager?
If I start lifting weights, will I start getting women?
Does doing sit-ups on a bed make them easier to do and thus making them less effective?
Can you give me advice on getting back into shape (motivation-wise, amount of exercise, etc.)?
What is the best cardio exercise for someone suffering from back pain?
Does burning fat increase the need for water (substantially)?
Is there any natural remedy for constipation/faecal retention or physical exercises for bowel health?
Can I see a notably ripped physique if I box 5 times a week up to 4months? Currently I'm 72kg with 21% body fat.
A box suspended by a rope is pulled to one side by a horizontal force. The tension on the rope increases. Why is it so?
Is it possible to gain 45 kg going to the gym?
How many times a day should I work out?
Will running every morning and push ups every night get me in shape in 3 months?
If I worked out 5 hours ago and wanted to have a few mixed drinks (likely 3-5 shots worth) would it significantly reduce my muscle growth?
Will girls go crazy over me if I start lifting weights and getting in shape?
How do I become a Pilates instructor in the USA?
Which one is better for losing weight without any adverse effects on the body, 1 hour of swimming or 1 hour at the gym?
What is the minimum age for a person to join the gym?
Are hula hoop rotations beneficial in any way if they’re included alongside weight training?
I have lost my body symmetry due to wrong exercise, What should I do?
As a beginner, how long will it take for my abs to recover?
How do I avoid losing muscle mass?
How do I make sure I'm not slowly losing muscle mass because of over-exercise and a 2000-to-2500-calories-a-day diet?
How can I build my chest if I'm skinny?
I can run 3k in 17 mins, how to make it below 11 minutes and how long will it take if I run 4 days a week?
Which is the best gym in Indore for girls?
What are the best polymetric exercise to help you to run faster?
If a skinny person lifts, does he get bigger or more toned?
Which is best, running or swimming?
What should overweight people do in the gym to avoid injuries and getting bored?
What Should be my diet plan to loose 7 kgs, should I consider taking protein powder since I hit the gym 5 times a week?
What should I eat and what workout should I do to stop my ribs from showing?
Does heavy lifting increase punching power?
What sort of physique would you like to have?
Is it better to do 100 push-ups in a row or 25 four times throughout the day?
I want to build my body, but I can't be always eating. Is it worth it? Should I expect results?
How do I train if I want to get stronger by building more compact muscles rather than bigger ones?
What is the link between, if any, cigarettes, insulin levels, and fat burn/deposition?
What is an interesting way to get in shape?
Will hanging on a pullup bar for 30 minutes make you insanely tall?
How can I calculate the calories that I have burned and make a diet plan like fitness coaches do?
Where in Rishikesh can I learn Kundalini Yoga?
How do I build my upper chest?
Why does my gym instructor despise cardio?
Why is it very bad if your body lays down all day? Why is it important to bend or stretch?
In Bikram yoga, the standing forward to knee starts on the left leg while the standing bow pose starts on the left leg. Why does the balancing stick start on the right leg?
What is a daily workout that can lead to getting a 6-pack before June?
Am I allowed to use the gym after school?
What is the best way to loss fat and maintain muscle?
Is swimming a good exercise to cure knock knees?
What can I do, when my right chest is bigger than my left chest?
Is it possible to get fit in one year's time?
What is the chest size of John Abraham with pump in the movie Force?
Is a workout still effective if I rest between the exercises?
Is your upper chest important?
How many people in the world can do Bruce Lee push-ups?
Should I go to the gym at the age of 16 even if I play cricket too?
Can a person become 6ft or 6ft 5in+ tall by exercising, regardless of genetics?
What do you do to stay in shape while on holiday?
How long after initiating a more strenuous exercise program might I enjoy increased energy levels w/o a need for additional sleep?
I have a skinny fat body. Can I develop muscles at the age of 34?
Why does Christianity have an issue with yoga?
Is lifting heaving weights at the age of 16 harmful? If yes, what studies prove this?
Should I stop working out when preparing for exams?
What daily exercises can improve my writing?
How can I ensure, as a personal trainer, that I'm offering my clients varied workouts so they keep coming back?
Is it necessary to reduce the number of bars in a column if its height is being reduced?
How do I gain stamina?
What will happen to my body if I stop going to the gym after one year?
Does a 13 year old girl have to go to the gym 4 times a week to maintain weight?
How do I get a wider chest at 16?
How important is exercise for PhD students?
When you lose several pounds of fat by way of exercising, where do all those extra pounds go?
What are some of the most effective bodyweight exercises to do while traveling?
How do I become muscular in one month?
How can I encourage people for yoga?
What is a superset back2back when working out?
What will happen if I do 1,000 leg raises a day?
What are the results for doing yoga once a week?
Which muscles should I train to get rid of kyphosis?
How do I prevent my nipple from chafing when I work out?
What is the fastest way to burn 500 calories fast?
Is it possible to build a muscular body without eating 5 small meals a day, considering I am not a fitness model but a professional working 9-5?
What are the best ways for people who work out to prevent muscle injuries?
What is the best thing to eat right after working out?
How can I get my hip fat back?
Is it possible to improve eye sight (myopia) by following any diet or any exercise. If yes, then how?
Why do some yoga masters have big bellies?
What are the best comedic routines against Islam?
Can I grow lean muscle mass at home?
How are some Indian wrestlers and Pahalwans in akhadas able to maintain muscular arms and shoulders while still having some visible belly fat?
How can I train my (bulky) body for long distance running?
How do I get sponsored in the fitness industry?
Why do some people have plump thighs and some don't? What is the point of having fat thighs when you’re fit?
Is the strength gained from squatting everyday not permanent?
How do I see DBT/JRF result?
Is it good to do weight training before bed?
Can I lose weight by doing 1km of running and a 4-minute Tabata workout?
In a month or two, can you get a decent six-pack of abdominals?
Can you use muscle stimulation in place of actual exercise?
Why are there fake colors, dyes, and fillers in my pre-workout "health" supplement?
What should Men wear during workout in GYM?
Is there a hazard to exceed my max heart heart rate (220-39) with high blood pressure?
Will lifting anything up make my arms get bigger?
Bikini season is around the corner. What running workout is best to lose some weight?
How much do seniors workout on average?
How can we install weight sensors in a robatic arm?
What is the best beginner routine for hypertrophy, Fierce 5, SS, or Stronglifts?
How and when do I get back in my shape?
Why is most of the strength program only three days per week?
What is the best way to jog in the morning?
What are other types of workouts, apart from isometric workouts?
Can spondylolisthesis be cured through yoga?
Why is cycling so much more effective than running and why can I attain higher speeds than walking, even when going uphill?
How can I reduce my belly fat? I have a slipped disc.
Can you suggest a 30 day challenge to lose weight and organize life?
What are some calisthenics exercises for shoulders (that do not involve pull-up bars)?
Can I see incredible changes in my body if I box 5 times a week for 4 months? Currently I'm 72kgs, 21% body fat (age 22).
Will squatting alone get you huge legs?
Doing weekend exercises is bad. If you don't build up protection against oxidative stress through regular exercise, you're likely to do your body harm. Is this true?
Is it normal for the front part of my calves to hurt from standing too long?
What are the things one can do to be fit?
Should those who have heavy weight bodies do push ups?
Why is distance running so popular?
How can I get a noticeable amount of more flexibility in one week?
How do I program a HealthStream GS1195T endurance treadmill?
What is the ultimate mental workout?
As a beginner (at home), if I don't increase the weight of a dumbell but keep adding reps and sets, will I still build good strength and muscle?
Is it ok to flirt with the gym receptionist?
I get nosebleeds 1-3 times per week. Should I see a doctor and what should I take to help it?
What is the quickest possible way to gain muscle as a basketball player?
How do I stop using the PC too much and study more/workout more?
Being a JEE aspirant I have limited time. How should I keep myself fit provided that I have cervical and back pain?
Can a person get from being very physically unfit and unhealthy to very fit and strong in a year, if already skinny?
How do you breathe when you go jogging?
I'm weightlifting 4 days a week and including 5-7 serving of fruits and veggies daily, does taking a multivitamin beside considered much?
Does Compression (& Copper added) really work for sore muscles & other ailments?
How long should it take to run 5 km?
Why do psychiatrists only spend 5 minutes with you? I feel like I need to switch my meds?
How can I lose fat as quick as possible?
Talent isn't enough these days. Why?
What is calisthenics all about?
What is the best workout to target all muscle groups twice a week?
Is going to the gym worth it or can I stay fit at home?
Can you suggest some home exercises to reduce weight?
Is it feasible to cycle cutting and bulking much more frequently?
What is the best exercise for creating "back space" while singing?
How important is it to eat after a workout?
How do women become muscular by working out without testosterone?
Is it mandatory to practice Bharatanatyam in traditional attire that is simply wearing a dhoti on the lower body and leaving the upper body uncovered? I practice in a traditional way.
How can I cure constipation if I have already tried everything including exercises and medications?
What should I study at the university? I am into yoga and Pilates.
Why is riding a stationary bike considered a good exercise?
What is a good full body workout with a bench press and a pull up bar?
How does a slim person build up his muscles in the next 4 months?
How can I train myself (bulky) for long-distance running?
At what body weight can I safely run without risking injuring my knees?
How can we get V-shaped heads formed by the piezometers, rather than a parabolic shape, during the experiment of verification of Bernoulli’s principle?
How often should you resistance train when you are in your mid-40s?
Is it more beneficial to do a 1 minute or 2 minute farmer's walk?
Other than losing weight, how do you make yourself able to walk around for several hours consecutively without having sore legs?
How does the weight of a body affect its motion if the body is moving on a horizontal plane?
Will I gain weight if I go to the gym only 2 times a week?
Is Adriana Lima too muscled?
Is there a way to meet women in my yoga classes?
Is it required to buy a treadmill of 20-30kg more than the user’s weight?
Is it possible to perform sEMG decomposition on the forearm using Backyard Brains' Muscle SpikerShield? If so, up to how many different motor units?
What do you say to fat relatives who tell you you're crazy for losing weight?
How can I decrease my body weight and fat and make muscle while doing workout at the gym? (Currently I am overweight and I am a pure vegetarian.)
What is the importance of rest after a workout?
What are the steps I have to take to get a skinny runners body?
What are the best yoga asanas and exercises without any stress on the belly and abdomen?
Does going to the gym and lifting help you lose fat? I've been doing it regularly for 4 months, but I still have a two pack. I'm still fat.
As a fitness beginner, I am having a little trouble lifting weights. I can do about 10-12 reps of dumbbell curls on my right hand, but not on my left. Why?
What is the optimal work-out schedule for curls?
Where can I get plain longline gym vests online?
How do I maintain flexibility of my body when I'm working out regularly?
Should I still workout my chest if it is sore?
What is a good plan for senior fitness?
How can I practice mantras and yoga at home?
How can I work up to being able to do beginner spinal stretches in yoga?
Why can't I find the energy and motivation to work out?
What are the type of people who prefer indoor cycling as a form of exercise?
What is one tip you have for me to make my deadlift get stronger?
If those who are against treadmill running were to live in a place with an extreme climate, would they still run outdoors?
What are the best and easiest dishes for an obese person looking to begin losing 20kg of fat? I’m looking to lose weight before exercising.
What is your preference, fitness training or yoga, and why?
What should be my workout plan if I am skinny and just want to look good in shirts & T-shirts? I can’t lift heavy and I have limited time & protein.
Why is my strength of lifting weights not increasing even though I am gymming regularly?
Is cycling better than running to reduce thigh fat?
To what extent can light aerobic exercise lower blood pressure?
How do I transform my body like Sahil Khan?
How do I know if I am gaining muscle?
It takes me almost an entire year to read and do only 1/4 of the exercises, so how do CLRS book authors design those exercises and problems?
What music/song should I be listening to while running or working out?
How effective are isometric exercises?
How many times a week do you need to change your socks?
Can I successfully recomp my body with solely yoga?
Can someone make me a really hard core workout?
What is the perfect weekly workout plan to gain muscle at a fast pace? Currently, I workout all of my muscles, except my shoulders and legs, twice a week.
How do you learn how to master an aerial hoop?
Is standing punishment good for one’s health?
Is 6 minutes and 23 seconds a good mile time for a 13 year old?
What is the best way to run so you don’t injure your knees?
Is it enough to do a 10 minute bodyweight exercise and then run for 10 to 15 minutes to lose weight and belly fat?
If a man never works out, what will happen to him? Will he live a shorter life than the men who work out regularly?
Why can’t I lose weight even after brisk walking?
If I eat like a pig and lift heavy weights, will I gain muscle faster than if I babied my nutrition and didn't get enough excess calories?
Why don't more people take ice baths after exercising?
Is it true that increasing the repetitions of workout and not the weight helps in building cuts?
Which is the best beginner gym workout routine to build muscle and lose fat for a 32 year old male?
Do leg muscles build stamina?
How can I lose fat and build lean muscle without counting macros?
What is the physiological reason as to why each post-knee-surgery exercise hurts initially for 2-3 days, then stops, until the difficulty is increased?
Is it good to eat a boiled egg before my workout?
How do you adjust your workout routine when you are cutting weight?
What's a good diet and exercise to have to get ready for basic training?
How do you get flat abs in a month?
What are some basic workouts/stretches to be flexible?
If you hang two heavy weights on ropes in a very deep well, say 12km, would they come together or stay the same distance apart?
How does one prepare an allergy-friendly, fat-burning meal?
Why don't women bench press?
What's the best and fastest way to get a flat stomach?
Does my cardio routine (30 minutes on the treadmill, alternating 1 min intense exercise with 3 min rest) meet the criteria for effective HIIT?
What are some good ways to go from skinny to fit?
How can I make my calf muscles bigger?
How has yoga changed your life?
Why does my gym instructor despise cardio?
I'm a high school junior, and haven't grown much since 7th grade. I'm only 5'4", 120lbs, and I don't exercise often. Is it too late for me to grow?
How do I learn CrossFit without a trainer?
What can I do, when my right chest is bigger than my left chest?
If you could only do two chest exercises, which two would you do?
What is the chest size of John Abraham with pump in the movie Force?
What is the difference between predicting a 10 second or 1 minute return and predicting a 5 minute or even 30 minute return in futures/stocks?
How do I grip the bar on a back squat?
How do I get really big muscles at home without gym equipment?
How can one lose belly and butt fat?
Is going to a gym the best way to get in shape? Or can you get in shape by just using your own body and minimal equipment?
How often should I do very heavy deadlifts for strength?
Should I buy a fitness band?
Why do wrists hurt while doing a downward dog yoga position?
If we eat like beasts and exercise for 1 hour without stopping, what will happen?
What are some of the best ab workouts at home and with no equipment?
Is weight lifting good to lose weight?
Will I lose my gains if I train only one muscle group per week?
Why do cramps develop after vigorous exercise?
What kind of exercises will build an 8-pack abs?
What is an effective gym workout for an athletes who is trying to gain muscle mass and keep his body fat percentage low?
After a week of doing yoga, especially inhaling and exhaling, I feel some sort of sound or movements at the back of my anus. What could that be?
If I work out and don't wipe away the sweat, making it seep back into my pores, will it render the workout useless?
What body proportions are best for endurance running?
How can I reduce my belly fat and waist size from 35 to 28 or 29 as they keep on increasing even though I workout?
Why do I feel so turned on after working out on my legs?
Is it possible to lose weight and build muscle through weight training only?
What is the best exercise routine that may be done daily at home for 10 minutes for all round fitness?
Do I have to lose fat to build muscle?
How can I get my hip fat back?
What are some healthy food habits and exercises for full time working professionals to lose weight?
What should I do If I am a student and don’t get time for exercise?
Is there any actual advantage or disadvantage of having eight pack abs or four pack abs rather than six?
How many times a week I can do full Sudarshan Kriya in follow up sessions? Is there any side effect if I do it 4 to 5 times a week?
How can I increase muscle size and strength with bodyweight training or by lifting everyday objects (bags instead of barbells, etc)?
If you had a five minute break every day at work, how would you spend it?
How can I feel a runner's high again?
Is mental strength and resolve is as important as physical strength?
What are the benefits of performing aerial yoga at home?
Is yoga really a good way to lose weight? I've seen many fat people who are really good at yoga.
What is better: a push/pull split or a body part split?
What are the simple but important exercises I should do if I am a teenage girl?
How long will it take before I observe changes in my body if I have started doing normal push-ups regularly, and am gradually increasing their number?
How can I increase the strength of my triceps?
How heavy is too heavy to stop growth?
Why aren't you exercising right now?
Which is more important for muscle building: more weight and more/less reps or less weight and more/less reps?
If you had a virtual platform at your fingertips to give you guidance on nutrition/training/yoga/Pilates/etc., would you use it?
What is the best aerobic workout to follow online?
I workout 4 times/week (weights and HIIT). Last week I didn't work out and ate freely. Why did I get thinner/more toned (closer to my goal)?
Why do people stop going to the gym?
Can I see incredible changes in my body if I box 5 times a week for 4 months? Currently I'm 72kgs, 21% body fat (age 22).
Can a fat person go longer without food than a fit muscular person?
What kind of exercise will get me a body like Cameron Dallas?
How do I program a HealthStream GS1195T endurance treadmill?
My G.I. Bill benefits will run out before I use it all. I did over 90 days of active duty in 2012. How do I reset the timer and extend my benefits?
What exercises would you recommend to get in shape for surfing?
Can I walk and go to the gym everyday?
Why do the muscles above and to the sides of my mouth contract when I swing my arms in full, forward circles?
Is working your way out with exercises, not appropriate during your period bubs?
How do you breathe when you go jogging?
How do I exercise?
Does Compression (& Copper added) really work for sore muscles & other ailments?
Does the Fat Cutter, suggested by Vivek Mittal on his YouTube channel Fit Tuber, work if I am not doing any physical exercise?
What’s more important, an 8 hour good night sleep or exercising in the morning?
Why do those who do cardio most of the time yet very minimal weight lifting still build muscles and a nice body?
Why can't I run at all?
Is it possible to run a marathon with no training at all?
Can we go to the gym after swimming?
Is a glass of red wine equivalent to an hour at the gym?
Is a 15 km walk per day enough to lose a stone (14 pounds or 6.35 kg.) in 6 weeks, along with a good diet?
What kind of gym do most med students go to (e.g., CrossFit/usual gyms/boxing)? How long & how many times a week do they go to the gym to maintain their daily study schedules?
Why do my legs feel shaky after exercise?
Is Ensure a good post-workout drink?
Is it more beneficial to do a 1 minute or 2 minute farmer's walk?
What is the best exercise routine for a skinny 13-year-old?
What (full body) exercises can I do to come back stronger in general from a foot injury rehab process (Achilles tear)?
I have been having a sore lower back, which just escalated with a level-up on a dead-weight rep. Should I just keep applying heat and wait it out?
Can squint be cured by exercise?
Is Adriana Lima too muscled?
How do I go about training for a marathon?
Why is no contact so difficult? I just white-knuckled it for 30 days. What now, white-knuckle it for another 30 days?
What are the disadvantages of push-ups and pull-ups?
What are scarecrow exercises?
How can I improve my stamina and strength?
How long should I stretch a muscle per day for better mobility and flexibility?
Which place is best for a morning workout, indoors or outdoors, in Laxmi Nagar?
Is gym good for women?
I've been working out for 2 years now, I have packed on good amount of muscle mass but I don't have definitive cuts, how do I get toned muscles?
What is better for weight loss: cardio or weight training?
How does an ABS work?
Can I lose weight by diet alone, or must I also exercise?
Will there be any changes if I don’t go to the gym for 20 days?
How do I run the 400 meter dash properly?
Will you see results faster if you lift weights everyday or every other day?
Which yoga poses and exercises can induce high intraocular pressure in the eyes?
Does Eckerd have a nice gym or exercise facility?
Should I do calisthenics or practice running to lose, get fit and skinny as a teenager?
In what ways are the effects of caffeine and exercise similar and different?
What should I do if my recruiter gave me false information to push me to sign up for the army?
I can bench 140kg (315lbs) weigh 96kg, deadlift 240kg & in the morning I can see slightly the top two abs, why do I not have a chest?
What are some ways to stretch a tight latissimus dorsi?
Is my workout routine an effective calisthenics workout?
My calves will not grow. What is some advice?
Is it stupid that after 12 months of no exercise I took 10mg of dextroamphetamine and a large can of Redbull, to get my heart rate up to 190bpm?
What are some good Chinese eye exercises?
Is there any natural remedy for constipation/faecal retention or physical exercises for bowel health?
How do I calculate macros and calories?
How many times a day should I work out?
Can I do wholesaling in New Jersey without a real estate agent license?
What is the best yoga exercise for excess weight loss?
Why do I have body aches after weight workouts?
What are some improv exercises for large groups?
Is it true that the airways alternately constrict, as is said in yoga?
Why do people get weaker with age despite following the same fitness routine and diet regimen?
Should I do calisthenics or running as a teenager to get fit and skinny and healthy?
How do I train to be really good at cross country running?
What is the use of doing 100 ab crunches everyday?
Is doing a one-hour continuous workout better or is it better to do a 20-minute workout 3-times a day?
Is lifting heavy things an alternative to lifting weights, or does it break the muscle down?
How can I build muscle at home with a pair of dumbbells 15kgs each and doing pushups?
How much weight did you burn from yoga?
What should overweight people do in the gym to avoid injuries and getting bored?
What do I need to do to build strength for Parkour/Calisthenics?
Is there an age which I should stop going to the gym?
How can a skinny guy build an average body?
For people who work in the night shift, how do they exercise to build the body (e.g. to have have six-pack abs)?
I want to look fit on my 20th birthday. I have 7 months and I am starting my workout. What should I do for my diet, being from an Indian household?
What is the name of a small engine that can lift 100 kg of weight?
Is running in place considered a vigorous exercise?
What are some short and long-term exercise goals?
Which exercise is good for growing taller by 1 inch within 35 days? I am 17 years old.
Is it possible to get fit in one year's time?
How many calories do I burn if I walk for 60 minutes or take 7,000 steps in a day?
Will eating significantly less get me a six-pack faster?
Can I attract women by being lifting weights?
Is one or two Snickers between healthy meals of meat and vegetables while working out regularly okay if I want to gain more muscle with little fat?
What are some good workout videos for a man in his 50's to lose weight?
After I started lifting weights my blood vessels have become more and more visible. Is this normal?
Can weightlifting rejuvenate?
I want to build a fitness software application. What are people's worst pain points when getting into shape? Workout planning, nutrition, etc.?
Will our stomach increase if we stop doing abdomen exercises?
Who are your role models in gym and fitness?
Once my abs become visible and muscular, will it be hard to maintain them that way?
Is it possible for a skinny woman to gain some muscles within a month?
Is 32 years old too late to join the gym and build muscles?
What should I get to get lean, whey protein or BCAA? I want to get lean and also lose 5 kg of weight.
Where can I be trained in squats in Bangalore?
Can intense muscular exercise cause acute health problems in otherwise healthy individuals?
What are some side effects for 16-year-old boys who go to gym?
How can I get flat abs in 6 weeks?
Will cardio improve my endurance and stamina?
What do you think of my fitness routine?
What sorts of exercise do you not do?
How can I improve my endurance for soccer?
Which are the best books related to physical strength and body building?
What are some weight bearing exercises?
Do I reduce height if I go to the gym?
Can a women have a flat stomach after delivery?
Is on-the-spot jogging effective?
Is it possible to build a muscular body without eating 5 small meals a day, considering I am not a fitness model but a professional working 9-5?
Is there an accurate way to tell how many calories you've burned in a workout?
How do fitness centers like Crunch/Planet Fitness stay fresh smelling even with groups of sweaty people?
The more I work out my biceps, the more my veins disappear. Is this normal?
How can I get bigger forearms?
How did your body change once you started working out?
How do I lose weight without dieting or cutting out my favorite foods, or exercising?
Can I lose weight by doing 1km of running and a 4-minute Tabata workout?
What’s your exercise of choice when you are limited on time?
Bikini season is around the corner. What running workout is best to lose some weight?
I slammed my deltoid muscle on a door. Can I lift weights with a bruised deltoid muscle? It doesn't hurt when I lift.
How soon is it safe for you to exercise after an asthma attack?
How can I build my stamina for a long hike?
Do I really need a rest day from working out? Please see the comment.
Can you suggest a 30 day challenge to lose weight and organize life?
Should you include cardio in your workout if you're skinny, 43kg and if your age is 19 years old?
How will you feel after Juventus legend Buffon lifts the UCL 2017?
What kind of pull-ups or chin-ups work biceps the most?
How can I workout and not be sore?
Why does your body fat % go up with heavy weight training?
Comparatively, which is better: Zumba or jumping rope?
What are some exercises to lift and shape my butt?
How can I get the most out of our home gym?
What is your typical golf warm-up routine?
What is the best way home exercise?
Does jumping rope create calf muscles and are they safe to use if I’m 40 ?
Can I lose weight if I can't leave tea, oil and snacks? If so, how?
What are the best exercise machines to workout for the forearm?
Does exercise alter the chemicals in the brain?
I hate exercising. What's the most effective exercise routine I could follow for the shortest amount of time where I will get the most benefits?
Is it normal when I can only do fewer repetitions on the next set with same weights?
What is the best workout to target all muscle groups twice a week?
Will doing 30 wide shoulder push-ups daily have a good result?
Is it a good idea to do pushups in the standing position?
How do I keep myself motivated to exercise and stick to a diet?
How do you calculate the equivalent weights you are pushing when you are cycling?
What type of exercises can be done with a stretch band?
What all exercises/cardio/gym can I (26-years-old) do to lose 18 kg (92-74 ideal), considering that my right shoulder joint got dislocated and relocated?
What is a good leg routine for a 5′7″ tall guy who weighs 60kg? My routine is in the details.
Is it possible to perform sEMG decomposition on the forearm using Backyard Brains' Muscle SpikerShield? If so, up to how many different motor units?
What are some effective exercises to help grow and define your calf muscles?
Can you lift things to be strong without using dumbbells?
What is the need to warm up before exercise from an evolutionary perspective?
Is reformer Pilates a good workout?
Do you absolutely hate going to the gym?
Is it safe to take fat burner while workout?
What are the best exercises for losing fat from one’s face?
What are the benefits of working out 7 days a week?
Is there a way to shift the concept of exercise from workouts to body maintenance?
What is the importance of aerobic activities?
How many calories does 20 minutes of running burn?
What is the best way to gain muscle without losing weight?
Suppose that I am doing a chest or back workout in which I rarely have to walk. Are the calories burnt during these workouts being counted by the Mi Band 2?
Could a runner with baseline fitness (30 miles/wk, longest 12 miles) try to run a marathon with only two long runs (18-20 miles), for this training cycle?
How can I achieve washboard abs and defined pectoral muscles at home?
How can I improve my cardio for boxing?
What are the best exercises for my legs?
What if a fit man stops exercising?
What are the best YouTube channels for fitness which teaches step by step to beginners and nutrition channel for maintaining proper healthy life?
What can busy entrepreneurs do to fit health & fitness into their daily routine?
I run every day. I weigh 105 lbs. How much will I lose?
How can I get out of running the mile?
How long and to what degree do you need to elevate heart rate in exercise?
How can you perform aerial yoga at home?
How do I lose fat around my arms without making it look bulky?
If a skinny person lifts, does he get bigger or more toned?
What physical activity is required for the CRPF?
Can I use a treadmill with a max speed of 13 mph for sprint training?
Would working out before exams help reduce stress/increase performance?
What can be done to reduce errors in work leading to wrong numbers pulled out for client projects?
Is it normal to not sweat during a workout?
How do I get off a plateau at the gym, because I'm not seeing any more gains?
What are the benefits Of Fitness And Exercise?
Is it better to do 100 push-ups in a row or 25 four times throughout the day?
What should my breathing be like during weightlifting?
Where can I see videos of meditation exercises online?
What are some exercises that help induce labor?
What exercises should I do to have a fit body?
How do I build my upper chest?
How do I maintain my fitness and a healthy body?
What is the best exercises for bad knees?
Is it too late to do physical exercise for my body shape?
What is a good body weight workout schedule for a 7-Day period?
I’m only 13. Is it possible to run 800 meters in 2 minutes and 30 seconds?
Is it possible to start a mus cell building with Headlock Muscle?
How can I tell whether my kettle bell is the right weight for me?
How many people in the world can do Bruce Lee push-ups?
As a 22-year-old, what health habits, diets, exercise routines, etc., should I be engaging in to lead a long, healthy life while maintaining a low body fat percentage?
Is it possible to completely transform yourself with just a few pairs of dumbbells and pull-up bars?
How long does it take until muscle mass starts to go down after not working out?
Exercise makes my belly more fat instead of flat. Why?
How do I get mass on my chest?
For how long should I do my leg workouts on leg day? I'm 42 years old.
What happens if you work out frequently?
What is the best alternative to a personal trainer?
Do squats help you develop abs?
Does a 13 year old girl have to go to the gym 4 times a week to maintain weight?
Does it count as exercise if it doesn't raise your heart rate?
What am I supposed to eat after a workout when I am on a diet?
Why do the muscles above and to the sides of my mouth constrict when I swing my arms in full circles?
What exercise should I do to increase my leg muscles or leg diameter?
What's the ideal time duration for cardio exercise per day at the gym? This is for huge weight reduction for men.
How do you work-out 99²+199²+299²+399²+499²-5?
Which muscles should I train to get rid of kyphosis?
What is the fastest way to burn 500 calories fast?
Why is it important to stretch after exercise, what happens if I don't?
How do you perform negatives for chin-ups properly?
When I stand with my arms at my side and spin in circles, why do my arms lift up without effort?
Does taking an ice bath after a heavy workout allows your body to recover enough for an immediate 2nd workout right after?
Can you join the best yoga center in the world?
How do I reduce my body fat and get ripped?
Do core exercises like squats or the farmer's walk help people lose weight/exhaust excess calories, or are there entirely different sets of exercises for that?
Is it advisable to buy a treadmill online?
How do I stop being a guy trying to fit in and become a good kid, get good grades, and get fit?
Which is the best exercise to have a great physical condition for surfing, especially for paddling?
Is a toning tube useful for full body making?
What sort of workout can I do for basketball with a limited amount of time?
How many skips should I do to increase height?
How do I get into the habit of exercising?
Are there any body weight excercises for biceps and triceps?
What is best street workout equipment?
How do the accessory muscles of respiration work?
What is the best beginner routine for hypertrophy, Fierce 5, SS, or Stronglifts?
Is it good to do a workout after consuming food? If not, why?
Why do I feel like stretching?
Do my body muscles decrease if I don’t go to the gym for days?
Is it good to take glucose D during pre-workout?
Should I perform yoga under AC?
Is EMS fitness safe?
Which exercise reduce tremor?
How does yoga help you to lose weight despite not using weights, much movement, or tiring physical activity?
What is the best form of functional exercise?
How do I build leg muscles with light weight barbell squat?
Which is better for building strength and muscle, heavy weight for low reps or medium weight for high reps?
How do I maintain a workout diet when living in PG?
Why is distance running so popular?
How can I build up the muscles in my body in 6 months or more?
After six months of delivery via a c-section, can I join a gym?
Why do I get a rash when I exercise?
Which one is better for health, swimming or running? And how?
What are the sports for lower body weight loss?
What would you recommend about running daily on road (tarmac)?
How fast will I get my gains back to be fit for summer after being absent for almost two months from the gym?
What are some home remedies to stay fit?
What do you feel when seeing Suresh Raina seemingly being out of shape with a big tummy? Shouldn't he taken care of his fitness?
Should I workout if my elbow hurts whenever I fully extend it?
Is it mandatory to practice Bharatanatyam in traditional attire that is simply wearing a dhoti on the lower body and leaving the upper body uncovered? I practice in a traditional way.
Which is better, 300 burpees or 100 push-ups, 100 sit-ups, and 100 squats?
What is the simplest exercise/workout that is effective?
What is the best (fastest and easiest) way to obtain a strong, masculine body shape?
Can I do yoga after an exercise?
How do fitness models get ripped?
If exercising a lot keeps you young and is anti-ageing, then why do many who work out have a lot of wrinkles?
Is lifting weights enough to burn fat?
What is the time duration between Parayam and yoga?
How can I lose fat and get as skinny and fit as a 15-year-old?
Is it bad to do squats when taking a shower?
Can I build body muscles without going to the gym? If so, what should be my diet, and what training should I do?
What are some stretches I can do to be able to do the splits?
My upper chest is not flat. It kind of bulges out. How do I correct it?
What if I train every part of my body including calves except my abs?
Is it good to run and do workouts if you have kidney stones?
Why does my running stamina fluctuate whereby I can run longer distances on some days but on other days I cannot run even half the length?
Does pure physical labor build muscle better than weight lifting?
Are my running times good?
Should I move on to free weights?
How do I prevent steps being counted by my pedometer while I am driving?
What are the best effective ways to burn belly fat for men?
Why is walking considered a good exercise?
Can I do abs workouts daily during, before or after going to the gym?
Should I workout before or after studying as a high schooler?
Is it normal to have red spots on your arms after training (crossfit)?
Which methods of exercise have you found to be most enjoyable and helpful?
What are T25 exercises?
What is a body weight workout plan for 45 days that would leave me with a 6 pack?
How many miles did you walk this week and why?
Can you give me advice on getting back into shape (motivation-wise, amount of exercise, etc.)?
How do I gain face fat if I go to the gym on a regular basis?
Why do I feel so turned on sometimes after I workout on my legs?
Should I do more reps with less weight or less reps with more weigh to get bigger muscle?
Which is better for girls, the gym or aerobics?
Is it possible to gain 45 kg going to the gym?
Is there any exercise to gain weight?
Is it easier or harder to burn fat as a teen than an adult?
What is the best way to achieve my real complexion after swimming?
Will girls go crazy over me if I start lifting weights and getting in shape?
Is it a good idea for me to start Capoeira when I have scoliosis?
Which one is better for losing weight without any adverse effects on the body, 1 hour of swimming or 1 hour at the gym?
What does it feel like to overwork your muscles?
Can one build upper pectorals without an incline press?
How does a beginner bodybuilder who is skinny get bulky? When will his abs be muscular and visible?
How can you exercise in your bedroom?
What is more important, to have a strong and fit body or a clever brain?
Does your body initially reject exercise when you begin a serious regime?
What is the best training exercise for surfing?
Why aren’t simple carbohydrates not recommended pre-workout?
What kind of exercise can lazy people do?
How do I train if I want to get stronger by building more compact muscles rather than bigger ones?
Which is better, gym or functional training?
How can I reduce 10 kg in 20 days?
How do I start the process of being healthier and exercising?
What is a daily workout that can lead to getting a 6-pack before June?
What are some of the best jaw relaxing exercises?
Which is the best fitness academy in Mumbai?
How do I do pullups/chinups?
Which are the best chest exercises to develop the outer pectoral muscle?
How does Akram Khan stays consistent in his workouts?
Are high knees a vigorous exercise?
What's the best treatment/exercise for a dual diagnosis of costochondritis and shoulder impingement with associated upper back pain?
How can I start gym exercises for good health?
I am 50, I want to increase my baseball throwing speed, what exercises should I do?
How long will it take to get my muscle back?
What is the best ab exercise? What is the best type of exercise for a 6-pack? Don’t worry about nutrition. I've got that covered.
How do swimmers get such ripped bodies?
How do I maximize my endurance (running) within 9 days?
What is better, going to the gym or doing self-weight exercises?
As a female, how can I gain more muscle mass in my upper body? What are the best workouts?
Are drugs more effective when you're physically fit?
How can I have upper, middle and lower chest workouts with just push-ups?
How important is exercise for PhD students?
What are good stretches to do every day to train towards the splits (center, left and right)?
How important is strength to endurance?
What's a good body weight percentage for a dead lift?
What is cardio exercise?
How would I get abs as soon as possible?
Why do I feel like puking or vomiting every time I complete a gym workout?
What home workouts are good for 400m dash preparation?
What's the fastest way of looking strong and fit?
Is it possible to gain good eyesight from eye exercises like so many people say it is?
How many calories are burnt in 2000 counts of rope skipping?
Would I be muscular if I decreased my body fat?
What is the best running routine for 1km run in 3:45?
How often should I do ab workouts and for how long? I'm 42 years old.
Between running, cycling and rowing which one results in the highest energy expenditure and why?
What are the best comedic routines against Islam?
What is the best way of acquiring a good body physique if you are thin?
What should girls eat after a workout?
What should I do to progress in daily Hindu squats, having reached 70 almost every other day?
What are the best-kept secrets about exercise, fitness, body building, and working out?
How effective is the legs, bums and tums workout?
Does a vacuum in space get stronger and stronger?
I run a 5:20 mile and want to run a sub 4:40 by the beginning of track season in 9 months. What type of training do I need to run it?
How many of you have lost weight by doing yoga?
What is the best strength training program for a 62 year old man trying to build muscle?
Why is cycling so much more effective than running and why can I attain higher speeds than walking, even when going uphill?
Can you recommend a good post workout snack?
How can I lose fat, get skinny, fit and healthy as a teenager and fit in my clothes?
What length should exercise bands be?
How can I produce flexibility?
What is a good workout schedule for a 200m dash?
Does arthritis and strenuous exercise go hand and hand when you are older, e.g. above 70?
Will I be stronger than an average person after losing weight if I do body weight exercises while I am fat?
Can Sennheiser wireless headphones be used for workouts in the gym?
What is calisthenics all about?
What exercise does the killer perform in the movie Faster?
What are your motivations for getting up early, even on the weekends, doing 1 task or taking exercises every day for 1 year?
Has the Hulk really lifted the weight of a star, as some people claim?
Is it enough having one weight training and one aerobic workout a week?
Why are my muscles bigger after a workout?
Why do some pains (e.g., the pain in the body after an intense workout, or when you are mentally hurt, or when you rub your gums together) feel good?
How does Greg Norman stay so fit?
What's the best way to run a sub-3 minute 800 meter run?
How good are spin classes for you?
I'm wimpy, thin and bad at lifting weights. I tried pretty hard, but all my workout partners ditched me. Should I just go to the gym by myself?
What exercise is the quickest way to lose weight?
Why do so many people get hurt when they practice Ashtanga Yoga?
What are some affirmations to say to do beginner pushups?
How do you explain “tears has no weight but carries heavy emotions”?
What are the benefits of training on sand for a runner?
In what order should one train strength and endurance?
When doing standard push-ups, does it matter if your elbows flare out when you go down?
Can you give me a list of military exercises and how many of each to do?
How do toned arms differ from muscular arms?
Is building and selling weights a good investment?
What is the best time to do cardio (Walk, Jog and Running), before weights or after weights?
What are exercises for bending legs and arms?
How do I make time for workouts when I have a busy schedule?
How many times a week should I go to the gym and for how long?
Can anyone challenge me in any kind of workout?
I've exercised moderately every other day for a year. I'm 50+ years old. Will my muscles ever stop being sore?
What's the best way to lose weight slowly? I work away a lot, so I stay at a hotels. I don't do any exercises at the moment, and I'm currently 5'9 at 270 lbs.
Who is the best female fitness model in the USA?
How long should I exercise/workout when time isn't an issue?
I had lost weight on my upper body and thighs except my belly! What kind of exercise should I focus on now?
What do I need to do at home to get my abs to show if I'm already skinny?
Should you look out on the Leg press?
Is there an easy way to fix text neck posture?
What are the most useful exercises to do early in the morning?
Is there a gym in NIT Silchar, with weights to lift for bodybuilding?
How to increase my stamina after being a couch potato for 2 yrs?
Will I lose muscle if I lift lighter weights?
I can do a pistol squat with my left leg but not with my right. Is this because I'm a right handed fencer?
What happens when a female bodybuilder stops working out?
How much of a brisk walk is needed to keep diabetes in control, and how many days should one walk briskly in a week?
What kind of exercises do you need to do to get a bigger butt?
What exercises can I do at home in order to gain weight healthily?
How long does it takes to get rid of gynecomastia by exercising?
Can you build a great body by working out at home?
Can I lose belly fat, butt and thighs fat with diet only and no special exercise?
Is it possible to increase “body width” for a 16-year-old?
Why should I run?
Are hula hoop rotations beneficial in any way if they’re included alongside weight training?
How do you perform lingual exercises?
How do I avoid losing muscle mass?
Is stretching important post-workout?
How is doing pushups on mountains in low oxygen different from doing them near sea level?
How can I manage to get fit, healthy, skinny as a teen?
Is it bad to do extra cardio in the morning & later hit the gym in the evening that includes weights & cardio?
What's your favorite fitness or fitness-related cliché?
Why are splits seen as unmanly?
What are the benefits of doing squats every day?
What Should be my diet plan to loose 7 kgs, should I consider taking protein powder since I hit the gym 5 times a week?
How many hours should I practice programming to avoid burning out?
How long and how often should I exercise to see some serious muscle gains?
How can I increase my stamina for running?
What should I be doing to get abs if they are not in my genetics? I need an actual plan set up.
Which causes losing weight fast, aerobic exercise or machines?
What is the best workout plans blog?
Is it possible to rent an empty small room for an hour?
How can I organise my notebook and the exercise solving on tests?
When you burn body fat, do you burn saturated mono- and polyunsaturated fat in equal amounts, or is there a preferential one?
What are some beginner basketball training exercises that can be done at home with no hoop (female)?
How does aerobic activity influence metabolic activity?
What are good exercises to get strong enough to pick up a person?
What are the workouts to lose weight on a rowing machine?
Why does exercising make my chest flat? How can I make my boobs bigger?
What are some very simple free-hand exercises for absolute beginners at home?
In Bikram yoga, the standing forward to knee starts on the left leg while the standing bow pose starts on the left leg. Why does the balancing stick start on the right leg?
What is the best way to loss fat and maintain muscle?
Is there any difference in one’s heartbeat between when one’s exercising and when one’s fearful?
Which one should I do first, between gym and jogging?
What yoga posture helps with a hiatal hernia?
What are the main muscles used for jumping jacks?
If you exercise in only a certain period of your life, would you live longer than if you had never exercised at all?
How do you strengthen your middle section and bottom without excessive exercise?
What are the best workouts/exercices to get a cobra back?
Apart from working out at the gym, how do men generally train (context: India)?
How much exercise should I get each day if I work a desk job?
I will be going to France (Strasbourg for 12 days and 3 days in Paris) this next weekend. Is 800 euros enough for my 2-week stay? I've already paid for my hotels.
What is a good amount of sit ups to do daily to strengthen my abs?
Which algorithm is used by applications to count calories burned? How do treadmills and other gym machines count calories burned?
Where can I learn about losing weight without dieting and exercising?
What are the best exercices for a setter?
What are the best exercises for meralgia paraesthetica?
How do I live healthy, younger and safe without doing any exercise?
Will stretching to increase hip flexibility help increase my vertical jump?
Can reducing butt fat change the shape of men’s hips?
What is the best physical activity for a 50-year-old to keep fit?
What is a superset back2back when working out?
How do I get abs while I'm eating a lot to get bigger too?
What's an affirmation I can have as a beginner at push-ups?
Is it okay to extra train arms and shoulders other than in the gym?
What is the difference between power lifting and olympic lifting?
What is the best thing to eat right after working out?
Has anyone that you know ever made a lean body without lifting heavy weights?
How do I burn body fat fast in a gym?
What should I eat at night (dinner) to reduce my belly fat?
What are some exercises to burn stomach and thigh fat?
What would be a training program for the whole body if I will hit the gym 3-4 times a week? I want to look like David Goggins.
When lifting to failure should I be able to complete as many reps for each subsequent set?
What are some high intensity interval training exercises for someone with an injured ankle?
Will lifting anything up make my arms get bigger?
How many times per week should I do a HIIT workout, and how many times should I do a strength workout?
What is the best gym in Greeley, Colorado?
What are other types of workouts, apart from isometric workouts?
Will running help lower body weight?
How much time do I need to build great fitness for football despite the little time I have in the day and what are the best exercises?
Is it necessary to take protein powder when doing a gym workout?
What are negatives for chin-ups?
Will going beltless for heavy deadlifts (1-3 reps) work my abs more?
How much weight could be lifted if an effort of 100 pound were applied?
Would it be possible to get hired as a fitness trainer without a two-year diploma?
How many sit-ups would a person have to do in a single night to see results the next day?
Are there any positives to working out the same muscle two days in a row?
What are the most effective leg workouts I can do at home to burn fat and tone my legs?
What is the future of yoga?
I had a massive heart attack. How can I lose weight? I don't know about lifting weights. Is this safe as I do have a defibrillator/pace maker.
I had a leg workout two days ago and it still hurts to lock my knees and flex my quads. Is this bad?
What style of climbing is the best upper body workout?
Is it good for a single guy to masturbate 3 to 4 times a week?
How many push ups can you do at a time?
What is the best way to stay healthy exercising while on a diet?
If you do more ab workouts, will your sperm count be reduced?
How much, and what kind, of exercises are well suited to reduce belly fat for someone in their 30s?
If you take steroids and do not exercise, what happens?
What is the best exercise for a 15-year-old guy like me?
What kind of workouts are for getting stronger without getting bigger (muscle mass) like the guys on America's Ninja Warriors?
What exercises can I do to gain strength and increase muscle size? Also, how do I reduce belly fat?
Do you think I can get a full time front desk job at Planet Fitness if I'm not necessarily fit?
What workout do you use to train for the 300 meter hurdles?
How can I cure constipation if I have already tried everything including exercises and medications?
How many days does it take the shoulders to recover after workout?
What are some ways to get your legs leaned out but muscular? I would like to stay fit but have thinner thighs.
Where do you recommend getting cheap yet pretty and comfy exercise / yoga attire in Singapore? Is JB worth travelling to for getting cheaper goods?
What are some quick stretches for my whole body to do every morning?
Do workouts affect growth?
Which are the best 1, 2 or 3kg dumbbells for arm exercises for women?
How much do you have to Squat in order to dunk?
What are the tips to be followed during workouts?
Is there a way to meet women in my yoga classes?
When you do cardio, does your heart get stronger? Or do your muscles just use the oxygen more efficiently?
If I swim 36 laps instead of 24 laps, 3 times / week, will my metabolism be faster on the days following these workouts?
Should I workout with my girlfriend?
What is Buti Yoga and how is it different from more traditional forms of Yoga?
It's been 110 days since I got an operation on my leg for a tendon that had ruptured. I'm still not able to put weight on my leg. Is that normal? What should I do?
What ab exercises are bad for your back?
Will full body workouts everyday weaken or strengthen muscle?
How does the intensity and duration of exercise affect the hormonal response?
Why are some muscle builders so bulky yet still lack muscle definition even with very low fat ratio?
How can I impress girls in yoga class?
Is it possible to get a strong jawline with facial exercises?
What are the best techniques to develop strong forearms?
Can I get fit body just by walking one hour a day?
Can an employer round up hours if less then 30 minutes?
Does doing pushups and crunches affect height growth?
If the penis is a muscle, why can't it be exercised to get bigger?
What exercises can help to reduce stiffness in my broken wrist?
How do I reverse type 2 diabetes with food and exercise alone? Please include specifics meal plans or type of exercises in your answer.
What does Snap Fitness cost?
What is the most efficient way to get a nice chest at home other than push-ups?
What's a good way to lose 10kg in 2 weeks without much exercise?
What is the best way to increase waist?
Realistically, how much weight in muscle can I put on in a month?
How many push-ups, crunches, leg raises and squats should I do to lose 80lbs?
Can I run one hour per day as well as going everyday to the gym? Would such intensity have any down side?
What are the best jawline exercises?
How can I get motivated to practice running and get fit as a teenager?
Would doing 100 push-ups every day work just as well as doing a routine of exercises at a gym? Would you get just as strong and muscular?
How do I make people aware about the benefits of working out?
What's the difference between being fit and going to the gym?
How do pilots manage workouts and hectic flight schedules, to keep themselves fit?
Is there such a thing as exercise intolerance? Every time I attempt to exercise I feel dreadful and sick.
Do you consider yourself as an athelete if you're a bodybuilder who lifts 5-6 times a week?
What's the most guaranteed way to lose fat without using the gym?
How do I use honey on workout?
What could be the reason for not losing fat despite six months of regular gym activity?
How important is a fit body in terms of survival and life expectancy?
Is cardio really necessary for fat loss?
Is there a way to lose belly fat without eating healthy and exercising?
What feels better, sex or lifting weights? Don't say sex. It’s overrated.
Should I draw mind maps and do exercises instead of just reading and doing exercises to get better grades in high school?
What should I think if my recovering anorexic sister wants to start going to the gym with me? Should I be worried?
I have been following some of the workouts suggested by you and lost close to 20lbs. How do I change my workout now to build a six pack?
How much weight and repetitions do you do while doing squats and deadlifts?
What is a good weight training routine 2 times a week?
Am I allowed to use the gym after school?
Is it necessary to have a perfect, flat stomach? Is there any necessity for a little fat over the stomach for men?
What are the best exercises for men over 40?
What are some tips for beginner joggers?
What's a good routine for a full workout at a gym?
Is your upper chest important?
How can I improve my cardiovascular fitness for the 12 minute Cooper run?
Whats are the best exercises to build huge calves?
What is the best way to approach weight training for a man over 60?
When is a good grade to start weight lifting?
What is the purpose of aerobic exercises?
Which is best, a boot camp or a gym?
How can I get fit and skinny as a high schooler?
What limits how fast humans can run?
Out of a heavy body and a lightweight body, which body falls down first?
How do I decrease weight without doing any exercises?
Besides health, is there any real benefit to exercising and being fit?
International Yoga day 2017, how is it relevant for us?
Is it possible for an athlete to have the strength and muscles of a bodybuilder, and the endurance of a marathon runner at the same time?
What is the perfect time for exercise?
Why do four cable cars travel together in Jeita Grotto? How is the weight balanced? Will there be high tension on the rope?
After eating, how long should one wait before working out?
Why do I get chills after running?
How frequently do YOU back squat vs. front squat?
How can I train my (bulky) body for long distance running?
How is walking good for the heart?
What happens if I don’t do ab exercises properly?
Can a complete strength training program be built around kettlebell swings, the barbell deadlift, and bodyweight pull-ups?
How can I build muscles if I have a coronary heart disease?
I am 165 cm tall, and I weigh 44kg. I exercise twice/week and eat healthy, but somehow my body stopped changing. How can I gain muscle mass?
Do pelvic muscles exercises really work for men?
How can I stay fit and healthy at home without going gym?
Why does every train stops at Visakhapatnam for 20 minutes?
Is there a hazard to exceed my max heart heart rate (220-39) with high blood pressure?
How do I train effectively in Ramadan -Weightlifting?
How bulletproof are the weighted vests used for exercise?
Does strength training burn the same amount of calories as cardio to lose weight?
What are the benefits of stretching before and after workout?
Does cardio make you lose muscle?
Will continuous exercise to my physical limits, even in old age, give me a longer lifespan?
What is best for burning belly fat: sit ups or running?
Will squatting alone get you huge legs?
Is lifting 30kg weight 20 times and 20kg 30 times the same?
If you were seen doing some unusual exercise (e.g. yoga, parkour), what would your response be to "what are you doing" and "why are you doing that"?
Can I join a gym for increasing my height?
Is it ok to flirt with the gym receptionist?
How do I take whey protein, before workout or after workout?
Why can I do more pull-ups but less chin-ups?
If someone fell off a treadmill in front of you, would you help?
How do I stop using the PC too much and study more/workout more?
I'm a 16 year old girl and just ran a 8:50 mile. I haven't done any physical activity in the last 2 years. How do I improve my mile time?
Is it bad to have different workouts ever other day?
Can a person get from being very physically unfit and unhealthy to very fit and strong in a year, if already skinny?
I'm weightlifting 4 days a week and including 5-7 serving of fruits and veggies daily, does taking a multivitamin beside considered much?
What workout split works best for you?
Are we fit if we eat well and exercise daily?
What are the best exercises to have a balanced shoulder complex?
How do I get/convince a very overweight friend of mine to go on a diet or to workout?
How should I be working out?
Which type of stretches are recommended for the beginners, dynamic or static?
What is the best home exercise app for male?
What should I study at the university? I am into yoga and Pilates.
What is a good full body workout with a bench press and a pull up bar?
Does doing high intensity sprints reduce the muscles?
What are some good stretches to improve flexibility?
How does a slim person build up his muscles in the next 4 months?
How often should you resistance train when you are in your mid-40s?
What is the best way for me to lose my last layer of body fat, but still gain muscle?
Let's say X does strength training for one year, and Y does cardio for one year. Who burns the most fat?
Is it possible to get a pointy nose with nothing else but face exercises?
Are people generally attracted to people who are similar to themselves? If I want to date someone who’s physically fit, should I become fit, myself?
Will I gain muscle faster if I have a fitness coach?
Does penile traction exercise and other exercises for penis enlargement work?
How do I get visible abs?
How much time should I workout in order to make my body strong enough?
What is the point of exercise if my face is hideous?
I'm 20. How can I go from 5 ft 9 to 6 ft 1?
Which is better- swimming or gym?
As a gym owner, what is the best step to take after finding out a client has been diagnosed as anorexic?
How do I lose 40 kgs in 6 months without going to a gym, by doing exercise at home and running?
How do I work out at home to build a six-pack?
How many hours is best to work out a muscle part when training to achieve muscle mass?
How can a skinny 16 year old guy start getting in shape with just a pair of dumbbells, a pull up bar, and a treadmill?
Should I workout by doing calisthenics/bodyweight training or by running as a teenager?
What is the best form of exercise?
What is the best fitness center in the USA?
Your maximum weightlifting capacity may be 50 kg. If you were asked to lift a 500-kg weight, how would you do it?
What if I trek a hill every morning instead of going to the gym?
What results can be seen after doing 20 minutes elliptical trainer daily?
How do we even walk?
How can I distract myself from gym workouts to office work?
How do you know when an exercise pain is the kind that strengthens vs. the pain that leads to injury?
What's Dale Steyn's workout?
What is a good workout routine for those trying to gain weight?
If I start lifting weights, will I start getting women?
Does doing sit-ups on a bed make them easier to do and thus making them less effective?
Can I see a notably ripped physique if I box 5 times a week up to 4months? Currently I'm 72kg with 21% body fat.
I have had an ACL replacement. What leg exercises should I do, and which ones should I avoid?
What kind of body and muscles can you get with only a bodyweight workout?
How does a chiropractor treat muscle imbalances without exercises?
Why do spinners don't take a run up?
What are some good shoulder workouts?
Is working out twice a day for 2 weeks equivalent to working out once for a whole month for fat loss?
What are some examples of men's workout gear in 1990-1991?
How do I start a home gym and earn money?
What workout routine can I do 3/4 times a week with just an adjustable weight dumbell (up to 105 on each) and a pull up bar?
Could I develop a lot strength in two years training five days a week?
What is the best way to get in shape for capoeira classes in three months?
How healthy are runners compared to fit and healthy people who exercise but don't run?
The body produces adrenaline to raise the heartbeat during both exercise and emotional stress. Why, then, is exercise good for the heart, but stress isn't?
What is the best workout to strenghten my core?
Where in Rishikesh can I learn Kundalini Yoga?
How do I acquire the ability to immediately understand math, without going through exercises?
Can people with a simple kidney cyst work out at the gym and lift weights?
If doing Olympic-style powerlifting workouts increases your muscles, why do bodybuilders work out using a split system?
How much do you walk on average every day?
If someone gave you $20 to dance for 30 minutes, would you do it?
How can a girl reduce the size of her thighs?
How do I control my bowel movements which strike every morning when I run, even after finishing two rounds of excretion?
Is a workout still effective if I rest between the exercises?
What could help people maintain their muscle strength during a weeks long hospitalization?
How can I decrease my weight from 65 to 55 kg without boring physical exercise?
Can a person become 6ft or 6ft 5in+ tall by exercising, regardless of genetics?
What should be one's workout intensity to maintain shape once they've reached their health goal?
Should I workout if my upper ankle hurts?
Why are most people against workout partners or "fitness buddies?" I love mine.
How can I keep my knees in line when squatting? I experience a lot of popping and clicking after I squat.
What daily exercises can improve my writing?
What is the best workout routine to follow for a college student looking to pack on muscle?
When you stop consuming protein, how long until you feel the effects?
What will happen to my body if I stop going to the gym after one year?
How can I work out (strength, muscle building) while on a trekking tour with no access to a gym?
Does doing push-ups and lifting dumbbells, daily, affect one's basketball shooting form?
What should be the sequence for yoga, Pranayam and meditation?
Has anyone had a knee arthroscopy for microfissures? Was it successful? I can't exercise my leg as instructed without excruciating pain.
Why does time seem to slow down during exercise?
Why should you warm up before playing badminton?
Which is better, a workout for your whole body in a single day or a workout for different body parts every other day?
Where do teachers get changed for gym class or sports?
What exercise one should do to lose 40 kgs of weight?
How long will it take to notice a difference from working out 20 minutes a day?
How can I improve my muscles without using equipment?
What is the use of pull up and pull down resistors in a micro-controller?
Can you improve vision with excercise?
What are some upper body workouts if you’re so weak you can't do a push up?
Is it possible to build a fitness-model-like body in 9 months naturally?
What is the best equipment for Nike+ Training Club (exercise rookie)?
What should one prefer for a toned body, aerobics, Zumba, Pilates, yoga or weight training in the gym?
What scaled down movements do you practice to increase your pull ups?
What was the experience like for someone who got into FIT?
How can we install weight sensors in a robatic arm?
Is it okay to walk in the morning and go to the gym in the evening and do yoga?
Why is my right arm swollen after a workout at the gym? I am having no pain but my arm feels heavy. What is the reason?
I get chills after running. Should I be worried?
Is swimming for 1 hour daily enough of an exercise for a healthy heart if I also consume a lot of butter daily?
What does it take to be a cardiovascular surgeon?
Does doing uperbody weight lifting build visible abs?
If I don't feel like going to the gym after work, would going in the morning be a good idea?
How do I do cardio exercise at home without equipment and increase stamina?
What are some calisthenics exercises for shoulders (that do not involve pull-up bars)?
How long shall I jog for optimum cardio benefit?
What are some muscle building exercises at work place?
What should be eaten for breakfast when you workout in the evening everyday?
How can I as a woman be as strong/fit as some of the crossfitters out there?
Will there be a problem if I do weight training for full five days a week?
Is it possible to go to a gym fully decked in knight armor?
What are the best whole body exercises?
How do I maintain my BMR and muscle mass after I stop exercising?
May I save my muscular mass by three swimming workouts and only one weight lifting workout per week?
I'm a vegetarian who started going to gym. How do I increase my body mass and what should my diet be?
Why is it that when I try to do simple stretches, I feel like I'm pulling something in my leg?
How can we get V-shaped heads formed by the piezometers, rather than a parabolic shape, during the experiment of verification of Bernoulli’s principle?
How can I build my body to be like Arnold’s?
Aside from the importance of nutrition, what are some great exercises to build muscle while efficiently burning fat?
What is the best for weight loss, going to a gym or aerobic activity?
What are the benefits of doing pushups? How does it help women? How many reps. should one do?
Can a female build up strength same as a male through weight lifting and exercises?
Can I build muscle in one month?
What is the importance of rest after a workout?
Why did the finger wrinkle after swimming?
Why do a lot of non-straight women have broader shoulders? Is it a biological reason linked to homosexuality?
Does going to the gym and lifting help you lose fat? I've been doing it regularly for 4 months, but I still have a two pack. I'm still fat.
Is it bad for men to have soy protein (more specifically after weight lifting)?
Can I lift weights 5 days in a row? I'm 42 years old.
Will walking on all fours strengthen my knee caps?
How can I begin the business in yoga?
How did you gain your muscle mass? What did you eat and how did you train?
Is it possible to increase one’s chest from 70 to 81 in 4 to 5 months? How much does one need to workout?
What is the core strength of your family? Why do you think it is so strong?
What is a good time to do workouts?
Can I do yoga if I’m overweight? Where do I find tips for doing yoga?
How do I get toned legs & a big butt?
How can I build a massive chest with heavy weights?
Can a girl start playing physical sport, like wrestling or weightlifting, at the age of 25, with the aim of winning medals?
With a torn meniscus, what body weight exercises can I do? I have been using kettlebells, but I don't want to cause any more damage.
What do I have to do to get abs?
How will 8 minutes of sprinting and 45 minutes of swimming twice a weekend affect me physically?
Is it bad I only hydrate right before my workout?
I'm an active person that trains CrossFit about 6-7 times week. How many calories may I take in daily?
How can I prevent pain in my knees while doing leg stretching?
Can I build a good physique on 2 meals a day?
Does a women's only gym have to allow a transgender female to male person to work out in the gym?
What are good exercises after a knee reconstruction?
Assuming willpower and pain are non-factors, what is the most efficient way to acquire physical fitness overall?
How do I increase my muscles?
Are fit Nordic skiers (cross country) more fit than fit professional high altitude mountaineers?
What should my diet plan for six-pack abs be if I exercise/work out at home without equipment?
What is the best machine for abs in the gym?
What are the best facelift exercises?
Does it affect working out in summer?
How do I become a Pilates instructor in the USA?
What is above physically strong for an Adult man?
What is the longest I should be riding an exercise bike?
My parents say if I miss school for being sick, then I can't lift weights the same day. Is this right?
What is the minimum age for a person to join the gym?
How can I start gym exercises?
How do some guys get so strong without ever hitting the gym?
How can I build my chest if I'm skinny?
What are some good makeup techniques for minimizing the appearance of a double chin?
Which is best, running or swimming?
What do people do to get flat abs?
Which is the best fitness band for under Rs. 1500?
What is the best exercises for jumping higher?
Does NSIT have a gym? If so, is it good enough to work out?
What is the link between, if any, cigarettes, insulin levels, and fat burn/deposition?
How much should you rest in a day?
Have you ever felt more tired than usual during a resting time while not working out?
What is the different body shapes of girls?
What is an interesting way to get in shape?
After an exercise, I felt like throwing up and my vision became very bright, like the grass was glowing neon green. Does anyone know why it occurred?
Is it best to do cardio before or after a workout if you are doing weight loss training?
What are some tips for improving leg flexibility?
I'm an out of shape 20 year old male with mild asthma and am a bit fat in the stomach - would I be accepted into basic physical training?
Do I still have a chance of widening my hips?
What are some absorbing hobbies I can do at home? I have struggled my whole life with being bored at home. I read, exercise, and play backgammon.
How long does it take to see results from working out as a teen?
What do you do to stay in shape while on holiday?
How do pros train their abs in the beginning of their career? Which exercises do they perform and how many days per week?
Do I need a gym membership in order to lose fat and gain muscle?
What’s up everybody?
Do you lift weights primarily to get stronger? Or more muscular?
How do I do a plank properly?
What are the reasons to feel shortness of breath and sweating while excercising?
Is it okay to just do side jacknives for obliques? Because I heard somewhere that obliques work for twisting as well.
What's the best way to gain upper body mass without gaining lower body mass?
Can I exercise while fasting in the month of Ramadan?
Is it necessary to reduce the number of bars in a column if its height is being reduced?
What conditioning or other exercise can I do to improve my fitness in this arena?
Should I jog and do workout (at the same time in the evening) or should I start with jogging in the morning and do workout or exercise in evening?
What is the best fitness method to get stronger over a span of 2 months?
Am I suppose to have my shoulders/arms completely relaxed when I walk or lift them slightly higher?
How can I encourage people for yoga?
What should I do to get fit as a teenager and get skinny, strong and healthy?
Is there a good body weight exercise which complements push ups (i.e. Develops different muscle groups like biceps)?
I'm experiencing extreme muscle pain from both arms and shoulders, due to a dumb workout, that has lasted for 3 days, what should I do?
How do I get skinny without exercising?
Why should I make time for exercise?
Can creatine benefit me if I run a mile every single day?
The only thing I’m good at is lifting weights. How can I get paid doing what I’m only good at?
What are the best ways for people who work out to prevent muscle injuries?
How do I build muscle in 6 months?
What should I do first, running or exercise?
Shouldn’t the Indian police maintain fitness standards even for regular service members since most lose track of fitness once they get selected?
How do I gain lean muscle mass without fat?
How do I see DBT/JRF result?
What are the best 15 minutes workout to stay in shape?
Which is more beneficial for slim people badminton or brisk walking?
Can someone chart out a schedule for me to get back in shape and get a nice physique?
Can I get a full-body workout with a 45lb kettlebell?
What are the health benefits of doing pilates during pregnancy?
Do you ever struggle with staying committed to running? What's your biggest motivation?
Is going to the gym good for the physique of a girl?
Which exercise machines do you use at home for working out?
Why are my legs constantly aching until my next sleep even after a little bit of running?
Which it the best fitness center?
What are the best things to eat when one is gymming?
Can anyone help me with a skit idea on yoga day?
What are good games that function as great brain exercises?
How many months does it take for a complete body transformation if we do gym workouts for 2 hours a day, 6 days a week?
What is the best exercise for monster, massive shoulders? Which supplements are best?
What are the benefits of getting Yoga Certification?
What is the perfect weekly schedule to reach my highest cardio potential?
Will planking at random times help me get slightly leaner if I did it everyday?
How much volume work for each and every muscle?
How many calories does constant and proper hula-hooping burn?
Doing weekend exercises is bad. If you don't build up protection against oxidative stress through regular exercise, you're likely to do your body harm. Is this true?
Is it normal for the front part of my calves to hurt from standing too long?
Is there an exercise which can replace sit-ups? I've heard they have a high body DMG percent.
What is the best way to improve myself (in running)?
I have to run 50m in 6:30 seconds. What are the best exercises/routine/tips to improve this?
How much should I workout each day as ateen?
I absolutely suck at running. I can hardly run one mile all the way through. What running program should I do to get better at running fast?
As a beginner (at home), if I don't increase the weight of a dumbell but keep adding reps and sets, will I still build good strength and muscle?
How would you intelligently work out 449*249 without a calculator?
How can I get thicker thighs?
What are the differences between exercises to build strength and exercises to build muscle?
Can anyone hold bicep dumbbells for 30 minutes without rest, given the dumbbells weigh 20kg (45lbs) each?
Can you suggest some home exercises to reduce weight?
What are other best options than lifting weights to have a fit body?
If I don't sweat while riding my bicycle, does that mean I am not burning calories?
What is a good home workout trying to get lean muscle? I don't have dumbells or weights at my house.
How do I become happy as a teenager and get good grades and get fit?
How would doing 10 push ups and sit-ups a day affect my body?
Is going to the gym once every two days good?
Which exercises are good for sex?
What is the best exercise for helping reduce dizziness?
Is 41 push ups in one minute good for a thirteen year old male?
Will I gain weight if I go to the gym only 2 times a week?
Can a 15 year old boy start lifting heavy things in the gym, or should he do some pushups?
How does a skinny guy get abs without getting even skinnier?
Is it required to buy a treadmill of 20-30kg more than the user’s weight?
How does a big chest size help?
Is doing 300 burpees per day a good workout?
Is morning exercise good for slim guys?
Why does walking always give me tightness in the lower back muscles?
What are the steps I have to take to get a skinny runners body?
Is it really possible for a man of 28 to become fit and esthetic after being obese for 15+ years by following strict excercise and diet regiments?
What exercises should one do on the first day of gym?
Why do I have veiny abs?
What's a good way to loosen up a tight lower back?
I'm a 32 year old (very) skinny guy. Are there any meal and workout plans you would recommend to gain mass?
Which are the best exercises for overall growth of the body of a 15-year-old boy?
Is it okay to train twice per body part per week?
What has research shown about whether or not people can lose fat while building muscle?
How much time should I do cycling to get rid of my pouch-like tummy?
Can I do gym twice a day?
How do I lose belly fat without exercise? I'm too lazy.
Why should I do breathing exercises?
Where can I get fitness accessories?
How can you build excellent mental and physical endurance quickly?
What are some good exercise for teen boys for whole body?
What are some examples of muscular endurance in sports?
How do I find a balance between muscle gain and cardio workouts?
How do I eat a healthy diet and lose weight?
Should I draw mind maps of exercise solving instead of plainly solving exercises to get better grades in physics and maths?
Is it true that Dwayne Johnson works out at 4am?
What should I do to improve my arm strength for push up?
How do I get lean in 2 months if I am overweight?
Is it possible to get slimmer calves and a slimmer looking face?
What is the best way to reduce weight, working out at the gym or running?
Should reservations be lifted?
What are some agility exercises examples?
How often can forearms be strength trained?
How can I learn to do the Asian squat?
What are the pros and cons of stretching everyday?
Does regular diet and exercise help with anxiety and depression?
Does badminton count as a mild strength training exercise?
Are Zen monks encouraged to engage in physical exercise? If not, why?
What muscles do side lunges work out, and why?
How do I do a lower, upper and middle chest workout with push-ups?
How can astronauts run on the treadmill if there is no gravity?
What's so bad about Planet Fitness?
If I do at least 200 squats a day for 10 days, will I see any results in my butt?
Should I use sweat belt to reduce my belly fat?
If I do weight training 4 days a week but don't eat enough, will I be in danger of over training?
Why does my squat improve more than my bench?
What are some easy ways for people with desk jobs to stay fit?
What is the best way for a senior to strength train?
How do I develop biceps and triceps? I do lift (15+15) kg dumbbells but have not gotten any impressive results.
Is it good or bad to exercise in the summer?
Why does it seem that every fitness and bodybuilding instructor advocates against cardio training, when in fact it’s one of the best exercises you can do?
What are some of the best calisthenic exercises improve my sprint speed?
How can I lose the flab on my stomach?
Is it wise for a 42-year-old to lift weights every other day, skipping one day to rest and doing a leg day twice a week?
What are some advantages of developing breathing exercises?
How I can prepare for running?
What is the best fitness routine for teenagers?
What happens if we eat rice after workouts? Is it good or bad?
Why is the breath rate higher as the longer distance you run?
How long does it take to see the effects of a healthy diet, and what are the effects that take place?
What are the best exercises to grow your legs?
What is a valid excuse for wanting to switch out a swimming semester in HS with another activity for physical education?
How many times a week should I workout to grow a butt?
What do handstands exercise?
What is the best workout routine for an 18 year old to reduce fat?
Should I buy a magnetic resistance or brake resistance exercise bike?
How do I strengthen and increase my wrists (not the forearms)?
Which exercises can increase our height after 18 years old?
What would have been the male equivalent of women's workout gear and neon during 1990 to 1991?
What will be impact on my body, if I do cycling and skipping rope for half an hour each?
Will lifting heavy weights or less weight help for chest-building?
How does a foodie, who hates to exercise, lose weight?
How do I lose weight if I love beer and hate dieting?
At what height from the ground should I place the pull up bar?
How does Prozac affect exercise performance?
Is it good to eat an apple and a banana after exercising or does it just add fats into my body?
Which exercises will give you broad shoulders without going to a gym?
What would happen to exercise ISO if AMT is repealed?
Do I have gynecomastia or is it just chest fat? I'm 18 years old, 6′1″, and 81kg.
How much time should I do skipping to reduce tummy fat?
Can you take an Ultracet tablet for body pains due to a heavy workout?
What streches can I do before crossfit?
What are some good exercises to get rid of thick hips?
About physical fitness, are you physically fit? Are there any athletic goals you want to achieve? What are your personal goals to stay healthy?
Is it possible for a 40+ age fit man to 'start over' and build muscle and tone up?
Is it possible to build overall body muscles and reduce belly fat at the same time?
How can I gain muscle in my upper body as a competitive swimmer?
What is the best way to reduce weight, by jogging, cycling, or swimming?
What is the best abs workout for visible abs when you have 12% and below of fat?
Where would I get a personal coach for weight lifting in Chennai?
Why do some yoga masters have big bellies?
Should I do cardio/HIIT for 1-2 months then weights?
Where can I get 1 minute and 5 minutes candlestick charts?
How do I get sponsored in the fitness industry?
What are wrong things in yoga, is it medically foolproof?
Is the strength gained from squatting everyday not permanent?
I’m 15, nearly 5'9 and 198 pounds. Should I intensively workout my whole body in a day, 3 times a week with 2 days of gap for resting and light calisthenics?
Why do we feel fatigued before going for a workout?
How can I reduce my waist by skipping?
After how many days can eyes be cured by yoga?
I walked 2.7 miles to and 2l7 miles from in 1 hr. Is that fast?
How much do seniors workout on average?
What can pilates do for your body?
Which exercise can I do when I am following a diet?
How can we use the Accenture gym in the morning or evening during working hours? Will our boss allow us to go?
What are the benefits of jumping rope for losing weight?
Which exercise is preferable for a 17-year-old beginner?
Should I always use eccentric slow movement in every single reps of my workout?
What is aerobic endurance in football?
Can we take ProteinX without doing a workout?
Why can’t I deadlift my 1-rep max after a 4-rep warm-up set, but I can deadlift the 1-rep max on days when I do zero warm-up?
How many times should I do eye yoga exercises?
What should be the diet for a pure vegetarian who doesn’t even eat eggs so that the person can have a body like this? Also, suggest some workout hours in the gym, if you please.
If one can do 50 push-ups in one go, what does it tell us about his/her physical state?
What are the exercises I should do for running 100m if I am aiming for the Olympics?
How many calories does strength training burn?
When getting sun exposure, should I do it 15 minutes without a break, or can I do it 10 minutes in the morning and 5 minutes in the afternoon?
How do I lose arm fat without bulking up?
How can I work out to exercise my weak wrists and forearms to make them very strong ones?
What yoga poses should I avoid if I have SI joint pain?
Will weight training get rid of my hourglass figure?
Talent isn't enough these days. Why?
What are the best outfits for workout for a female (it would be helpful with images)?
Is jogging in place a good exercise?
Which workout should we do in the gym for height?
What is squat and milk?
What body weight is enough to make you feel heavy against a push?
At what body weight can I safely run without risking injuring my knees?
How can I do 20 push-ups in 4 days? I currently do about 15.
What is the main disadvantage of circuit training?
Is it okay to drink 1 scoop of Protein Powder weight gainer after a home workout?
Which exercises are best for the butt if I have hip dysplasia and bad knees?
How do you get bigger ankles with exercise?
How can I decrease my body weight and fat and make muscle while doing workout at the gym? (Currently I am overweight and I am a pure vegetarian.)
What exercise should I do to lose post pregnancy weight?
What are the health benefits of going into a sauna post workout?
I am 29 yrs old, have belly fat. Now I want to loose this belly fat along with growing muscle & proper shape of body. Is it possible at this age?
What should I eat before an insane workout?
I’m starting my workout and wonder how many days/weeks it will be until I can see muscle growth?
How do I get veiny abs?
Does general exercise help RSI write injury from coding?
How can I get a lean body at home (such as Finn Balor of WWE)?
How do you workout and eat during Ramadan?
What are the best strength exercises for women?
What are the benefits of attending fitness classes?
How do I convert my excess belly fat into useful muscle?
Does a gym give strength?
How do I get rid of a receding chin?
I lift weights but this is only a question to learn from. How does a person build their abs without lifting weights?
What are best chest waders?
Is the lateral raise a push or a pull exercise?
Does working out make your shoulders broader?
How do I lose 10kg in 2 weeks without a lot of exercise? I'm currently 76kg (female), with an athletic build, but my tummy is starting to pop out.
How do I increase my workout time? My muscles become so heavy after 40-45 minutes that I can’t even continue with some other muscle workouts?
How do I wake up early in the morning, in hot summers, to exercise and not feel lazy?
Why I am not able to lose weight even after 2 years of doing continuous exercises?
What is the best exercise for a flat stomach?
Is it normal that my left side of the body (legs, shoulders, arms, chest) is bigger than my right even though I'm right handed?
How can I push myself to go to the gym every day?
We've all heard people say that walking is just as effective as running in terms of exercise. Is this true?
What time of day is the best time to do a workout, i.e., weight training, or does it not make any difference?
How often should I work a muscle group as a teenager?
Would yoga teachers find it beneficial to have a venue broker where the teacher gets 70% of the class revenues (2 times higher earnings versus a gym/studio)?
How many calories does a female Olympic gymnast burn in a day?
Where can I find out more about the workout app ginger that helps you find workout partners?
A box suspended by a rope is pulled to one side by a horizontal force. The tension on the rope increases. Why is it so?
How do I fit 3 strength workouts for the entire body except the legs, a 60km jog/march and 1 swim in a week?
Does running significantly increase intelligence?
Should I lift weights immediately after eating to gain muscle?
Are there any boxing gyms in KL where a 14-year-old can train?
Is it bad if I do only weight training and no other type of exercise for a whole year? Would doing both weight lifting and cross country be better?
What is the difference between a bulk body and a lean body?
I can run 3k in 17 mins, how to make it below 11 minutes and how long will it take if I run 4 days a week?
Should I continue training my chest?
How do I keep energy after intense workout?
How long do I have to do these exercises until I have normal posture?
Running on tread mill is not good for knees but why sports persons get train on tread mill?
Which age is right for joining a gym?
How come guys at the gym can see through a woman’s workout clothes if she’s wearing a thong?
Will I still gain good weight and muscle if I'm in a calorie surplus, eat sweets and cakes but workout and exercise in the same day?
How long do you have to exercise stock after leaving a company?
Which diet should I take to stay fit and increase stamina?
For a beginner, is it better to use your own body weight or lift weights?
How can I reduce my arms?
How important are core abdominal strength, leg muscle strength, and arm strength in relationship with one another?
For strengthening and long term health of tendons and ligaments, are low reps more effective or high reps?
Why is it very bad if your body lays down all day? Why is it important to bend or stretch?
Is swimming a good exercise to cure knock knees?
What are the requirements for an advanced yoga class?
Should peanuts be considered after or before a workout?
How can I work on my pectorals with no bench, just dumbbells and a barbell?
How can I go to a gym without losing my cheeks?
How do I get a great chest?
What is fitness? Can a person be called fit by looking at his physique or is it the probability of him experiencing fatigue at the time of action?
Will my face look good if I lose fat and gain muscle?
How can I develop muscles without going to the gym or using any weights?
How do I maintain my muscle mass and strength with just calisthenics if I am unable to go to a gym for 2 weeks?
When you lose several pounds of fat by way of exercising, where do all those extra pounds go?
Is exercise good for hypothyroidism?
Is it normal to lose control of your body when stretching?
What does Akram Khan’s current workout and diet look like?
What exercises can I do to strengthen my anus?
After doing yoga religiously and being vegetarian (eating very little oil) for a month, I've lost only 2kg. Should I be worried?
Does doing yoga alone could make a person slim and fit?
What's the best way to train for or row for 2 hours?
What will happen if I do 1,000 leg raises a day?
Is it a good idea for a short thin guy to work out?
What is the best plan to lose 10kg weight in 40 days?
What is the best time to work out during Ramadan for rapid fat loss?
Is working 1.5 hours on push/pull/leg program considering too long?
How long should I stay in gym?
If you had to sprint or run distance, which would you do?
Can we do gym in the early morning every day at AIT Pune in the first year?
In a strength-focused weight training program, what is the best way to incorporate cardio work into your weekly routine?
How long do I have to train to be able to do 1000 pushups?
How many miles should I run a week?
Besides weight loss, what are the benefits of daily exercise?
In a month or two, can you get a decent six-pack of abdominals?
Do guys in the locker room at the gym talk comment about some of the ladies to each other?
If the miltary press is too hard on my rotator cuff due to arthritis, what other exercises could I do?
Is it all right to eat before exercising?
What are some of the best tricep exercises for mass?
How can I get shredded at home in two days?
How many calories does 30 push-ups and 30 sit-ups burn?
What are some people who beat aging with exercise and lifestyle?
How can I reduce my belly fat? I have a slipped disc.
What are the best workouts to get big biceps?
Is it advisable to have a nap right after a heavy workout?
What are the biggest motivators today’s parents have to get healthy & in shape?
What is the most appropriate exercise to lose weight if you have thyroid irritation?
If the unathletic male with a big belly loses weight due to stretching and exercises, will he be able to learn & practice parkour and martial arts?
What are some examples of muscular endurance?
What are some good body-weight exercises to get infantry-style fit?
What are some ways to do weight training that'll help me get ripped when I won't have access to a gym because I'll be traveling long term?
How long should it take to run 5 km?
I almost have a full beard at 16. Do I have lots of testosterone, which is good for weightlifting?
How can I build a stronger chest?
Is it cool to grunt and moan while lifting weights at the gym?
Is doing 50 knee press ups the same as doing 25 normal ones?
How do I lose belly fat without going to the gym? It would be great if workout schedules along with diet plans could be shared.
What is the good number of push-ups in daily life?
What are chin-ups good for?
How do women become muscular by working out without testosterone?
How important is it to eat after a workout?
How can I get a lean body at home without using any equipment?
Can I build my body like an athlete with just body weight?
What factors are important in determining the length of time for breath holding when at rest during re-breathing and exercising?
Is Musli helpful for gym freaks?
I'm 15 and I want to lose thigh fat and gain upper body strength. What's a good workout plan for me?
How do seniors usually commute if they want to leave their homes, for example, to participate in a fitness program?
Are squats good for knees?
Is increasing reps/sets the same as increasing the weight? Which is better, increasing sets or reps, and by what amount? And how long before we increase them?
Where can I find a great step aerobics class in the East Bay (Oakland, Ca)?
What are the advantages of negatives for chin-ups?
Can I do body weight exercises after intense weight training?
What are some good funk guitar exercises?
Which type of pushups are good for us?
What's your favorite pre workout?
If at the 'full expression' of a yoga pose the yogi is supposed to be relaxed, why do teachers' dialogs still invoke intensity and hype (push, push!)?
Why is exercising indoors better than exercising outdoors when there is high ozone concentration in the air?
Is it ok if all I do is work out at the gym and sleep it off? I'm extremely frustrated with everything.
What's a quick workout that I could do to bulk up my T-shirt with muscle, without dumbbells?
Which stationary exercise burns the most per hour?
What is the best outfit for ladies going to the gym in India, and where can we get it?
What is a good beginner workout for strength and muscle built?
How can you get a 6 pack real quick?
Is there any free workout and nutrition regimen website or app with feedback for getting fit?
If you apply pressure to a bone every day, will it eventually move in the direction you are pushing it?
It takes Kevin 5 minutes to jog once around a circular track that has a diameter of 400 meters. About how many meters per minute is Kevin jogging?
How can I exercise my Great Dane without having to take her for a walk?
I’ve been going to the gym for the last month to build muscles, and I mean big muscles. When will I start seeing a big improvement?
Can we practice​ yoga after 6 in the evening?
How can I tighten face skin with exercise?
Is one egg per day enough for muscle gain?
How can I get fit, healthy, strong and skinny as a teenager?
What are great exercises for building muscle while losing body fat without using weights?
What 3 workouts can I do in my little apartment to stay in shape?
What is the best workout method in 2 months?
How many miles could I walk/run in a day with a 40lb backpack?
What are the best ways to advertise a fitness gym?
Would a wider back, bigger shoulders, stretched out fully fingers increase your wingspan?
Does burning fat increase the need for water (substantially)?
What is better freehand exercises or weights?
What is a good weight bearing exercise for osteopenia?
How many days a week do I do sprints to burn fat? For how long do I do the sprints? I lift weights, and I'm 42 years old.
Is a single mile in 8 minutes for a 5'7" 44-year-old male with a 28 BMI and a stocky build a good time?
Can I lose weight by exercising, but not changing my diet?
How long will it takes for me to touch my toes with daily stretching?
How can I add bodyweight exercises on workout days?
When did you decide to use a lifting belt?
Who experiences an issue when working on math or chemistry problems where each question takes an incredibly long time to work out?
If you run 3 miles one day and then another 3 miles the next, would you burn the same number of calories as if you ran 6 miles in one day?
Does heavy lifting increase punching power?
What sort of physique would you like to have?
Does exercising push ups and muscle building exercises but not weight lifting will stunt my height growth?
What are the ways to promote group fitness classes?
How long does it usually takes to add another inch on muscles with weighted bodyweight exercises?
What muscles do jump squats work?
What are some examples of historic/ancient yoga exercises?
Is only working on my upper body at the gym harmful if I run and bike frequently?
How do exercise bikes help people lose weight?
How many days can we stay fit without drinking?
Why do we call Tse Mudra the exercise of three secrets?
How can I lose 10 pounds in 3 weeks without exercising?
Why am I getting fat? How do I stay fit and toned?
Is it advisable to go to the gym during periods?
What is the best way to get a muscular body like a male model?
Has anyone tried doing yoga/stretching after getting high on cannabis? I've been experimenting with this for a few months and I find it is highly effective.
How do I burn body fat fast and gain (or maintain at least) muscle?
Is Krav Maga a strength or cardio workout?
is drinking a cold smoothie after a workout good or bad?
Which workout targets the most muscles in the body?
What are some effective excersises I can implement into my workout routine that will speed up my progress towards a one arm pull up?
Is there any way I can improve my mental stamina?
What is a good workout routine for getting cut, diet included?
How long after initiating a more strenuous exercise program might I enjoy increased energy levels w/o a need for additional sleep?
What is the shortest and most effective daily gym routine?
How did Franco Columbu get such a wide chest when he was so short?
Is it good if I run for 30 minutes, stop a little bit, then carry on running?
How can I be more fit?
Why do you feel like you can't breathe every time you exercise?
How can a skinny 16-year-old guy start getting in shape with just a pair of dumbbells, a pull-up bar and a treadmill?
How do I get a wider chest at 16?
Is it okay to do both swimming and gym after 50?
Does jumping rope make jumping faster? What is the idea of jumping rope?
Where can I get online training (preferably free) for doing full body work out and gym exercises, including diet?
If you get to know that you just have 10 more minutes to live, how will you spend those 10 minutes?
Can we gain six-pack abs by doing bodyweight exercises?
What are the gym workouts for triceps?
How long should you fast if you're trying to lose the most weight possible in the shortest amount of time?
What are some short term effects of exercise on your muscles?
How can I loose 7-8 kgs weight in 15 days?
Being that high AST and ALT levels are the result of dying muscle tissue, could a recent, extremely high impact exercise routine be the cause of the elevation?
Should I continue ACL relaxation exercises even if I feel pain?
How do rest days work when doing calisthenics?
Is it bad to have a competitive mindset when I work out?
Why do we feel headache after working out in summers?
How can a percussionist train their arms and upper-body strength?
How can I get significantly fitter and leaner in a month?
Will strengthening my toes and ankles increase my vertical jump and running speed?
Are there any yoga classes in Udupi?
Is there any standard workout routine for Ectomorphs?
What is the best way to increase muscle recovery time after a tough workout so you can continue exercising shortly after?
Why are there fake colors, dyes, and fillers in my pre-workout "health" supplement?
What should Men wear during workout in GYM?
How many calories does a 24 year old guy weighing 83 kgs burn daily if he walks everyday?
How do I get wider hips without making my thighs and calves grow fat/muscular? If I stopped doing the excercizes, would my legs get back to normal?
Is it enough for me to do two weight training sessions and two swimming sessions a week? (I'm sixty years old.)
What are the dos and don’ts for somebody who wants to start running to stay fit?
In terms of losing weight, is it better to go on a diet and not exercise as much, or to eat normally and create a strict fitness routine?
How often should one do street workout?
Which hand grippers should I buy?
What is the ultimate mental workout?
As a 14-year-old female starting to go out on 20-minute runs and basic fitness exercises semi-daily, what changes should I be expecting or noticing?
How does one transition into eating two meals per day and exercising again without screwing up their metabolism?
Why does leg workout takes most strength?
Will my dog get ripped if I make it workout?
Why can't I lift my legs during planche?
What exercise would you suggest for a woman to lose thigh fat?
What are the best techniques to work the muscle groups with free weights?
Do our height increase after the age of 17 if we do regular exercise?
What are some good hand strengthening exercises for bar chords?
How can anyone overcome plateau in muscle development and strength?
What happens if you do cardio on a calorie surplus?
What do you say to fat relatives who tell you you're crazy for losing weight?
Is there any 4 day (or less) work out plans for irregular (shifts fall on different days every week) work schedules?
What should I eat before running, to get energy?
How long does it take to cure varicocele through yoga?
Should I squat everyday if I want a bigger butt?
What is the best way to go from flabby legs to toned legs?
Why do your hands shake after lifting weights?
What are the best lifting exercises for working out the inner thigh?
Do three 10-minute workouts per day give the same health benefits as one 30-minute workout using treadmill?
Which parts of your body do squats benefit? How many sets of body-weight squats should I do if I want to increase my leg muscles?
Can I train in boxing or a street workout after my rotator cuff surgery? I will have to repair my other shoulder too, after recovering from this one. I am 21.
Which would be better for getting sixpack, full body circuit or abs exercises with cardio?
I'm female and 50 yrs. I have bat wings at both hands. What exercise do I do?
I dislocated my knee. What exercises can I do?
How long should an individual exercise their mind each day to keep from regressing in IQ?
What happens to our bodies when we don't exercise for a long time? How can we overcome that?
What are some workouts that don't need a lot of breathing capacity?
Should I workout everyday and how long if I'm weak and skinny?
How much heat does a workout produce?
What is the best series of physical exercises for strengthening at home when you have little time each day?
How can I tone my arm muscles? How can I increase my muscle mass in my arms?
How do I reduce belly, side fat and man boobs naturally by exercising or yoga for an adult (age 23 years)?
Can you build endurance without running?
What are good companies to buy above-average-weight free weights from?
What is the simplest, most effective bodyweight workout routine that I can do daily to get a Greek god figure?
Is it bad to always wipe your sweat while exercising?
Is it possible to build a good muscular body in 1 -2 months without going to the gym?
I want to get stronger and more muscular by doing push-ups, pull-ups, and sit-ups. How many reps and sets should I do everyday?
How can I reduce my weight by doing exercising at home without any workout machines, and what are exercises that I can do?
What is the best exercise to slim down thighs and glutes?
Will there be any side effects if I sleep just after my morning exercise in the summer?
When would I see results from jogging twice a day and controlling my diet?
Which is the best gym in Indore for girls?
Does being tired after nine hours of sleep, following 30 minutes of exercise, indicate that one is unfit?
If I go to the gym for 2 hours for 3 days a week for 3 months, can I become reasonably thin by late ausgust starting tomorrow?
After a hysterectomy at the age of 50, when can exercise or yoga be started? How much of a time gap after surgery is required to start yoga?
How can I make my right shoulder lift up as far as the left while walking?
I want to lose fat and gain muscle, should I set my macros to lose or gain weight?
What exercises are there to lose belly, hip, and thigh fat?
Do MBBS students go to the gym?
Will hanging on a pullup bar for 30 minutes make you insanely tall?
Can I do running along with my gym? I am doing gym in mornings and running at evening and I am a vegetarian.
Which pranayama and yoga poses are recommended for someone who has already quit smoking?
What do I eat to build my abs? I already lift weights.
What is the best app to find people to go workout with?
Are a fast walk and a brisk walk the same thing?
Can I drink a lot of water just after a gym workout?
If I smoke before exercising, will I increase endurance?
What five weight training exercises would you choose for a full body routine?
Does exercise help you sleep better?
What is the minimum number of days a beginner (slightly unfit) must work out to gain little biceps?
What are the best weight workout routines for rowing?
What is the best workout to lose my belly fat and water retention? I already eat real food and fewer calories, and I do cardio and strength training.
Can men wear slim fitting jackets for interviews?
I have a skinny fat body. Can I develop muscles at the age of 34?
What can an overweight, out-of-shape, 30-year-old do to get and stay in better shape?
Why does eating protein before a workout make you sweat more?
How do one start exercising after a C-section?
Is it possible to be obese yet remain healthy or physically fit?
Does aerobic exercise help in migraine?
How do I increase my muscles on the sides of my glutes?
What happens when a slightly obese man decrease his daily food intake by about ⅓rd and does regular weight exercise?
Why am I having aches and soreness when I work?
Why are my thighs so large?
What should I do when I have done my exercise in the evening after eating and now my chest is painful?
Would an exercise routine of squats and pull-ups for two hours a day, six days a week be enough for a 'fit' body?
If you start running in grade 11 and with no training start with a 18:30 5k, is there any hope for you?
What are the advantages of yoga in daily life?
What is the difference between CrossFit and gym exercises?
How do I gain back my stamina after not running for a while?
How do I build muscle at 120lbs 5"7 and on a budget?
After a tibia open fracture, some part of my leg became numb due to a nerve injury. When will I gain sense back?
Are the deadlifts and squats helping to reduce weight and burn fat?
Is it possible to improve eye sight (myopia) by following any diet or any exercise. If yes, then how?
Did stretching, hanging, sprinting or any sort of exercise work for you to grow taller? If so, how?
Can a 42 year old man who made it to his goal by dropping 67 pounds, work on his abs and have abs?
Is it possible for me to run a sub 20 minute 5k?
After how many days is it safe to start exercising again after suffering from a cold?
Why do I get more tired from walking slowly than walking at a brisk pace?
What will happen if one does a lot of cardio and no weight training?
Why is the tongue fastest muscle we have?
How should I approach a gym buddy’s auntie?
Which kind of stretching exercise should I avoid if I have lower back pain?
What is a good gym to work out at (preferably with a pool) in Norrkoping, Sweden?
Where can I buy a stepper for calf raises?
What is the best diet and exercise program for a 300lb man like myself?
Is it okay to drink one litre of milk? I am 18 years old, and workout twice a day.
Which technique is best to gain muscle size, more reps with low weights or less reps with high weights?
Will playing badminton for 20 minutes everyday help reduce weight?
What are some good biceps workouts at the gym?
What builds more mass in weightlifting? More reps and less sets or less reps and more sets?
When should I start to exercise after my pregnancy?
How much do I have to eat to put on weight and build muscle?
What are the things one can do to be fit?
Should those who have heavy weight bodies do push ups?
Does walking help build running stamina?
Can you do fat burning and muscle building simultaneously?
What kind of exercises would you recommend for a teenager who wants to start gaining muscle mass at home, without fancy equipment?
What is the supplement to lose weight fast?
What's a good workout routine for maximum health benefits with little risk of injury?
Is it normal to yawn when you're at the gym working out?
Why do you need to be in a caloric surplus to build muscle?
What is the best exercise routine for Skinny guys?
I only have a bench for bench press, leg lifts on the bench and 56 pounds worth of weights. What workouts can I do?
Where do you recommend getting cheap, pretty and comfy exercise / yoga attire in Singapore? Is JB worth travelling to for getting cheaper goods?
Are pushups a good pre-workout before weight lifting?
Can you find and post pictures of people doing yoga with effective posture and those who need an adjustment?
Can you build muscles without cardio?
If pushups on a carpet will limit your gains (I've been told), wouldn't doing them on a yoga mat or on grass have the same effect?
What is the best exercise to lose weight, jogging or brisk walking?
What gives you motivation for fitness?
How can I train myself (bulky) for long-distance running?
What is the best and easiest way to get in shape?
How do I reduce body fat and gain muscle? What are some foods and workouts to accomplish this?
How many calories does bending over backwards burn?
Is jumping on a trampoline good exercise?
Other than losing weight, how do you make yourself able to walk around for several hours consecutively without having sore legs?
Is it dangerous to exercise on a day you haven't consumed much salt?
What are some good exercises to perform on piano to help improve articulation?
What are some training ideas I can do to condition my body for traditional karate or any training at all?
After five months of lifting, I'm defined but without mass. I've stopped running and I try to eat more. What's the best way for me to gain mass?
Which upper body workouts will make paddling easier while surfing?
What can I eat before gym in the morning?
What gym exercises should a fast bowler do? Should it be light weight heavy reps or heavy weight light reps?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of going to the gym before going to college?
Is sports or exercise better?
Is it bad for someone who weight lifts not to have a calorie surplus?
Could you suggest me a workout?
How hard is it (considering the effect of earth’s gravity) to do weight lifting in an elevator moving upwards?
Which sport is good for full body tone and fitness football or athletics?
How often in a week should I hit the gym in order to get a bulky body?
I am 14 years old and I have asthma, so it's hard to exercise without pushing myself too hard. How can I lose weight without hurting myself?
How can I get back into the shape I was in 5 years ago? I'm 25 years old. How much time is it probably going to take?
What are benefits of having a good body?
After working out, neither my biceps nor my chest muscles are sore, even though I use them when working out. Why?
What is the strength of strength?
What should be the exercise routine for a thin, musical Indian 16-year-old guy with a tummy to have a healthy body in one month?
How much should I run at first?
What is the best way to lose 12 pounds in 2 weeks?
What's the best way to brush up my Mandarin with 3-4 weeks in China?
Will doing squats develop calves?
What kind of exercise do I need to follow to reduce belly fat? My height is 170 cm and I weigh 96 kg. What can I do to reduce fat?
What is a good workout for me, a 16 year old boy who doesn't work out?
Can limescale build up in the body?
What is it like to be in a workout video?
What else can I do to loosen up my calves?
Is it ok to run with sore muscles?
How can I lose weight again after gaining some due to lack of exercising and rough eating?
How can we be fit mentally and physically?
When you are working out what do you do to get over the hump?
How are athletes muscles so defined?
How do I get more chest muscle so that my upper sternum is less visible?
Is it difficult to reduce fat around your hips after the age of 65, especially in summer when it is too hot to walk? What can I do, other than going to gym or using a treadmill?
How do I build a strong mindset?
What are some arm workouts you can do without equipment?
Has any one achieved great results by doing yoga daily?
How do I get a ripped body without going to the gym?
Why do my thighs hurt after doing squats?
How can I make leg day less boring?
I am trying to get better at medicine ball overhead throws. Should I focus more on the muscles I need or just continue my full bodybuilding workout?
When should I eat food after doing a workout?
Is it possible to build muscle on antipsychotics? Is it as efficient as normally?
How should I reduce weight without hitting the gym?
How can I lift and tone flabby arms with a workout? How long does it take? Is it really effective with excess skin?
Does Jocko Willink really workout 7 days a week every morning?
Is there any difference in the energy required or calories burnt while walking on a treadmill versus walking outdoors on firm ground?
Which exercise machine is good to reduce stomach size?
Can I do light/moderate cardio while bulking?
What is the cycle of meditation, yoga, and exercise?
Why is running outside better than on a treadmill?
How do I get lean at 5"1' and 22 years old?
What are the benefits of assisting an advanced yoga class?
How do I regain my flexibility?
Can I workout with dumbbells after a meal?
Which is the good exercise for back pain?
Is sleeping good after exercise?
What are the best exercises to improve mobility of the shoulder joint? I get pain if I try to touch my right scapula with my left hand from behind.
Is going to the gym bad for your singing?
How long should I work out at the gym to lose weight?
How can I stop being lazy and get motivation to run and get fit and skinny?
When you take methadone for pain, can you exercise again?
Will weightlifting stunt height growth?
Can I increase my chest up to 10 inches?
What would happen if I missed a whole week of workout?
How do I complete 1,600 meters in 7 minutes?
Is 153 sit-ups a good record for a 13-year-old?
How do I prevent my nipple from chafing when I work out?
How can I start exercising after an accident?
Is group pilates class safe and effective in the gym?
Why do most beginner work out programs have an excessive emphasis on squatting?
Can I grow lean muscle mass at home?
How are some Indian wrestlers and Pahalwans in akhadas able to maintain muscular arms and shoulders while still having some visible belly fat?
What are the top 3 worst clientele for CrossFit boxes?
What is elliptical good for?
While doing dumbbell curls, should my arm be straight or bent? Should I engage my triceps while finishing a rep or keep my arm bent to keep the strain on it?
Will having sex 4 to 5 times a week stop me from gaining muscle mass even though I train right?
Once you've run an ultramarathon, does running shorter distances (5-10 miles) feel easy?
Why is walking in the woods beneficial for your health?
Can I build an aesthetic body without using weights and any equipment?
Should I go to the gym today? It's rainy and cold, and I haven’t been there in a couple of weeks. I’m thinking of ordering pizza?
Which bodyweight workout is suited for skinny men?
How do I gain fat and muscle in certain areas with exercise?
What is Angelina Jolie’s exercise routine?
How can I my keep my muscles stiff?
Is a morning walk good for your health?
What can Pilates do for you and your body?
What should I focus on in calisthenics being 6′7″?
What protein drink is best for men during and after a workout? Is it okay to drink one both during and after? I weigh 63.3kg.
What workout top for guys was in during 1996?
Do you know anything about epigenetics and the food that Chinese people should avoid to avoid weight gain?
How do people know how many calories they burn a day?
What are some dynamic excersises that will help me train full planche?
How helpful is aerobics when combined with cardio and strength training?
Can you build a muscular body through yoga, since essentially you are lifting your entire body weight by doing yogic asanas and exercises?
Can I lengthen my neck with exercises?
Are HGH boosters worth it? I'm 17, 5′8″, and a skinny guy with a weak chin. Will it help me with any of those besides an increase in lean muscle mass?
How often do you Squat and Deadlift?
What's the difference between HICT, HIIT, HIRT, SMIT, HIVT, and VIIT?
Can most women achieve an "hour glass figure" with diet and exercise?
Why do strength calisthenics (10-15 reps per set) make me more sore than weight training?
Should a 60 year old join a gym?
Why do psychiatrists only spend 5 minutes with you? I feel like I need to switch my meds?
What are the best medicines and exercises for a healthy brain?
What do you do when your pet does yoga?
Why has yoga practice become popular recently? Why are there different methods of yoga?
Is it feasible to cycle cutting and bulking much more frequently?
Does Gold’s Gym provide food to their members?
Does working out in the gym fight depression?
Should I give blood after running for 4 miles?
What are some good physical exercises for sex?
Is mixing weight lifting and high intensity cardio while taking supplements sort of like hustling backwards?
Are there any good workout program that includes strength\fat loss workouts and cardio to help get me in shape for the military?
Which is better: diamond push ups or shoulder push ups?
Which freehand exercise should I do to gain muscle in the lower body i.e, thighs, calfs and butt?
What are examples of cardio intense activities?
Should I take a week off of weight training?
How does the weight of a body affect its motion if the body is moving on a horizontal plane?
How do I remain fit and active, except by going to the gym?
Which is best, walking, jogging, swimming, cycling, skipping, running, going to the gym or doing yoga?
How do you calculate relative fitness?
How do I cancel a Weibo VIP membership without paying?
How can I go from not being physically active at all to being able to do specific exercises?
Why do swimmers have such nice upper bodies?
Should you train rear delts on a pull day or push day?
What's another way to work on my abs other than abs workouts?
What are the best yoga asanas and exercises without any stress on the belly and abdomen?
How can I keep doing exercise if I'm not eating well?
What's Brett Lee's workout?
How can we get young people to do more exercise?
How can I get abs as a skinny teen at home without equipment?
Don't you think it's weird that women shape who they are to get a man, and men shape who they are to get a woman?
Which is the best fitness band under 1500?
What would you think to be the best training regimen with the available exercises?
Could you actually get stronger by lifting a calf every day until it becomes a bull?
What workout can you recommend to strenghten my lower back?
What would happen if I had a cup of black coffee (without sugar) before running or jogging?
What is the function of the muscles in one’s arm and legs?
How do I know I am jogging but not running?
Do planks burn fat?
What are the best workouts (without equipment) for getting a big chest and arms and getting abs?
How do I eat during the Off-season (football/soccer) so I don't gain any fat but decent muscle mass whilst doing low intensity training? I'm an ecto-meso.
Is there a tendency for women to let themselves go after 20 (stop exercising and eating proportionally)?
Why do some people have small hips and big thighs?
Why is my butt muscle painful despite no workout?
What is the best cardio exercise for someone suffering from back pain?
What are your motivational methods for exercising?
Which is the best exercise​ to increase​ speed?
What is a cycle of meditation, yoga and exercises?
How can I stay motivated to exercise? I have good health and don't have any issues so I always talk myself out of it.
If I worked out 5 hours ago and wanted to have a few mixed drinks (likely 3-5 shots worth) would it significantly reduce my muscle growth?
How does exercise help addiction?
How do I get in better shape?
Should I exercise with somewhat sore legs?
Why do women refuse to go to the gym by saying they don't want to look mannish?
Would a recumbent bike result in big calf muscles?
Why do my legs hurt after running?
As a beginner, how long will it take for my abs to recover?
What are some diet and exercise programs that will allow a skinny woman to get curves?
What should I take for energy before a workout?
How long does it take to lose a good amount of weight using the treadmill nearly every day?
How often do you get a runner’s high?
Is lifting weights enough to build my abs?
What food should I buy at a QuikTrip before an intense leg workout?
What is a good, short morning stretching routine that stretches most muscles?
How can you get skinny in 2 weeks?
What are the best exercises to build a thick lower back?
What is the name of exercise machine?
Is there any specific exercise to reduce cholesterol?
Started dieting six months ago, ran 5 km since November 2016, Lost 15 kgs so far, how to keep it off and build a good physique?
What are the 10 components of fitness?
What is a good fitness routine for a musician especially a guitarist?
How would you design a fat burning fitness program for someone new to exercise?
What are the pros and cons of ankle weights?
What is better for a (sprinting) athlete, pull ups or barbell rows?
How can a person start exercising again after gaining a lot of weight and losing motivation?
How do I stop making a wheezing noise while working out?
How many KM does one have to run to lose weight?
Should I go to the gym at the age of 16 even if I play cricket too?
Is calisthenics more effective at cutting body fat than HIIT training?
Why does Quincy Larson always recommend audiobooks and when does he listen to them?
What are gym membership fees per month in Copenhagen for weightlifting?
What are the best exercises to work your lower abs?
How can I strengthen the muscles in my hand?
What is the best gym routine one can carry out at home to burn belly fat, considering you have minimal weights/equipment?
How many push-ups can we do so that there will be no side effects?
How can I gain my body structure?
Is it possible to use OSIM uKimono to make your tummy 6 packs?
How do I gain stamina?
How can I build my pecs and abs from home in two days?
Could I lose fat with cycling (while growing up)?
Is there any gym near CET, Bhubaneswar?
What exercises can I do so I can twist my upper body around and how long will it take?
Why do I sweat more than ladies half my age?
Is drinking on a regular basis (4-6 pegs) OK if you work out and do cardio 6 days a week (5 mile jog)?
Hi Everyone, tell me some work-out at home?
Is panting after a 100-m sprint good or bad for cholesterol?
How do I combine a pure push-ups training with "normal" gym?
I am seventeen years old fat girl, should I join the gym?
What are the results for doing yoga once a week?
Which is the best intra workout drink?
How many reps per set are necessary while lifting weights to build muscle?
Where can I find good physics exercises to practise?
After I eat lunch, what can I drink/eat as far as bodybuilding supplements to lower my hunger until post-workout?
Why do we get so stiff after exercising? I am 64 and can barely move after too much exercising.
How do I build a bubble butt?
How can I do yoga and lift weights in a single day's routine to make my body flexible and to make it look good?
Why do some people have plump thighs and some don't? What is the point of having fat thighs when you’re fit?
How many pullups should I be able to do? Do these exercises help?
Why do you have numbness on your thumbs after working out?
Is it harmful to do exercises during muscle cramps?
Why is there only one set of deadlifts on starting strength?
Why do people walk to places instead of running?
Is it bad that I masturbate twice a day?
What is the relationship between reps, strength and mass?
What kind of exercises would Vivek Mittal suggest to a 72kg teenage girl if she wants to lose 10kg within one month?
Can you suggest some motivational workout songs?
My knee hurts while running and lifting, am I doing damage? Would it be better to not workout at all or to push through the pain with low-impact?
Can you bulk up without getting more fat?
How do I become lean and fit when I’m out of shape?
What is the correct way to work out the result of 899½-998¾?
What is the best way to jog in the morning?
What should I do first in a cycle of meditation, yoga and exercise?
Which workout will broaden my upper body frame?
Is training with a bin bag or sauna suit a good idea to control water weight when training for a fight?
How we can loose weight with little exercise?
Can spondylolisthesis be cured through yoga?
What are the most essential exercises a non-baseball player should focus on in order to start playing?
How should I keep myself fit and healthy?
Is it safe and healthy to do heavy weight squat for a person with flat feet and overpronation?
Why can't I seem to lose body fat, even though I exercise, am very active, and I am nursing two babies?
Should I feel the pump after working out my upper back?
What if you didn't eat much but didn't exercise? Would you still lose as much weight as if you exercised and didn't eat much?
I'm having 5 small meals a day and I lift weights, but I'm not losing the bellyfat for my abs to be visible. I'm not fat. What am I doing wrong?
What exercises are the best if one has to lose abdominal muscles and a bulky belly after pregnancy?
How can I get a noticeable amount of more flexibility in one week?
Can I lose weight with regular body building gym equipments?
Is it ok to have sex 4 or 5 times a week as a body builder?
What are some best music tracks for jogging?
Should I be concerned that my right thigh makes these loud cracking sounds everytime I do a squat?
How can I lose fat as quick as possible?
What are general mistakes while doing squats?
What kinds of foods should I eat at school before going to the gym?
What is the right exercise for a student for their brain, aerobics or bodybuilding? I can only give 30 minutes for a workout. Is it possible to gain mass?
What is a good kettle bell exercise to increase my chest size?
What is the best exercise for creating "back space" while singing?
Is it possible to be fit and fat?
At 23% body fat and 155 lbs, what is more important for me in gaining abs, cardio or ab workouts?
Why can't I increase my strength even though I go to the gym regularly?
After a tiresome day, what is it that lifts up your spirit?
Is walking 5 stories up equal to 2 km of walking?
What are some of the best exercises for a ligament tear on the left knee?
Is it okay to do a wholebody workout everyday?
Is nude yoga good for teens?
What should be eaten just before workout?
I'm 15, should I do non intensive strength training and abdominal workouts 5 times a week?
What are some good tips for a beginner who wants practice yoga?
How are jumping jacks good for you?
What are the preferred timings to do yoga?
How many squats should one do for quick results?
How should I approach women after group cardio gym sessions?
Will I lose fat if I jog in one spot for 30 minutes a day?
What should the diet plan be for a thin boy who just started at the gym?
How do I start to workout? I am 20 years old, weight is 75 kilos, height is 5'9″, and have 34″ waist, and I don't do any workouts right now.
What are the best exercises to get a very lean body during Ramadan?
Can simple breathing exercises be practiced without guidance?
Are you wasting money on pre-workout?
Can I change from gym to online gym in the middle of the school year?
How much exercise must a heart patient do at age 70? What diet is recommended?
Can I start bodybuilding at 40?
Do I need to lift heavy weights in order to get a body like these?
What are the pros and cons of working out all seven days?
What are some good basic exercises for a 14 year old to do inside?
If you could only have one fitness/exercise machine, would it be a rowing machine, cycling machine, or something else?
How should I kick start my running (fitness) after a long injury layoff?
Every time I squat or kneel down my knees begin to hurt, and it is very difficult for me to get up. Why?
Are all those exercises to help your back just a scam?
Did you have a good friend who pointed out the flaws in your idea & helped you improve it? How did it all work out? How did you start?
What are some great strength training exercises that can be done anywhere?
What exercises should I do other than running while I am on the ground?
What type of yoga is core power yoga?
Will short bursts of jump roping and sprinting increase my leg strength and endurance for MMA?
What are the best exercises to find peace of mind?
How do I get bigger hips naturally?
I have lost my body symmetry due to wrong exercise, What should I do?
How do I make sure I'm not slowly losing muscle mass because of over-exercise and a 2000-to-2500-calories-a-day diet?
What are the best polymetric exercise to help you to run faster?
Is Endura mass good while doing calisthenics?
How many push-ups are needed per day to get a 6-pack abs?
Are there any good gym exercises to improve sitting posture?
How many kms should I run to lose 7 kg per month?
Lets just say if I jogged a mile which I do everyday, will creatine build my body if I just run/jog a mile everyday?
Will losing weight and exercising make cellulite go away?
Should I stop gaming as a 15-year-old in order to get better grades and to get fit?
What does fitness mean to you and how do you want to achieve it?
I work out three times a week, running a mile then lifting weights. How should I be eating?
Is it true that you train push-ups daily without resting?
How can I increase my stamina for running and the gym?
How can I calculate the calories that I have burned and make a diet plan like fitness coaches do?
Is jogging 4 times a week enough leg workout for someone who works the upper body 3 times a week?
How do young working people in Bangalore stay healthy despite huge office work load ?
Can I quit gym and start doing only cardio?
Why are handstands good?
As a bodybuilder with a hunchback, what kinds of concerns should I have while lifting weights? What are the exercises I should/shouldn't be doing?
How do I make my back thighs bigger?
What are the risks of performing aerial yoga at home?
As a body builder working towards achieving muscle mass, is it ok to have sex 4 to 5 times a week?
Where can I find help with anaerobic exercises and G-training?
What are the best exercise machines in Planet Fitness?
What are people’s thoughts on the Athelean-Rx post-workout supplement?
What exercises can I do when I am suffering from a slipped disc?
Will push-ups alone help in fat reduction?
How can I maintain my physical fitness while I'm over 60?
Is lifting heaving weights at the age of 16 harmful? If yes, what studies prove this?
How do I do cardio excercise at home without any equipment?
How can I build solid deltoid muscles?
How can I ensure, as a personal trainer, that I'm offering my clients varied workouts so they keep coming back?
What is a single exercise that combines aerobic and anaerobic activity?
What are thw exercises to cure knock knees?
How can I get people in the door to my new gym?
Which PSU has no physical fitness test?
Which is better, doing mat exercises or going to the gym?
What are some of the most effective bodyweight exercises to do while traveling?
What is the best workout routine for a beginner focused on fitness?
What is the best chest exercise for a nice, muscular chest?
What people suffering from arthritis can do to improve muscle strength other than weight lifting?
How come the gym is always busy in May and will it ever slow down?
I have missed 8 days of my gym due to fever. Will I lose my gains?
Should we do cardio before weights? Or cardio after weight training?
Why do we swing our arms while walking?
How can I build a strong app?
Will a mix of weight lifting and HIIT cardio, while taking supplements, result in fat loss and muscle gain?
What exercises can an obese person do?
What is a physical workout routine that a 14 year old NDA aspirant should follow?
Is 5-exercise 5-set 5-rep workout any good?
How can you prevent feeling dizzy when working out?
Is it good to do weight training before bed?
Should peanuts be eaten before or after a workout?
Is it really important to wear a hat in the sun while running?
How safe are fitness bands to wear all the time?
Its been 8 month since I stopped exercising. My body feels stiff, my hands and my rest of my body feels warm all the time. What can I do to get well?
As a person with little free time to experiment, what yoga poses should I do every day to ensure I'm healthy?
Is a gym better than running in a stadium?
Can you use muscle stimulation in place of actual exercise?
Under what situation should the weight of the lift be considered when a person is inside the lift?
How many times in a week should I train my chest in order for it to get bigger?
What is the best exercise for a 59-year-old person?
Which trainer is better: Jillian Michaels or Kayla Itsines?
Should I consume Glucon-D after cardio, if I am trying to get rid of fat?
How do I use straps while doing a front barbell squat?
How much exercise is safe in the morning?
Will bodybuilding make women's legs bulky? If not, then why do fitness pros (like Nikki B etc.) have big legs?
While doing kegel exercises, I used to get pain in my legs. Am I doing them right?
What is the fastest way to burn 700 calories?
What is the correct time to go jogging?
How can I make my stomach flatter in a week?
What are the benefits of a treadmill compared to those of a StairMaster?
If you can lift yourself up, can you lift your own weight?
I get nosebleeds 1-3 times per week. Should I see a doctor and what should I take to help it?
How many days does it take to lose 40kg of my body weight by going to the gym regularly? What food diet should be followed? How do you tackle the body pain?
What is the difference between pick and lift?
Being a JEE aspirant I have limited time. How should I keep myself fit provided that I have cervical and back pain?
How do you choose a jump rope for general exercising?
Which is the best Resistance bend exercise for men?
How good is it to bench every day?
How can I increase my chest​ size in only ten days?
Are there any exercises that help compensate for torn ACLs?
How did CrossFit generate its initial traction? How did it go from the original gym to the first 20 locations? What were the triggers?
Why don't I feel my pull-ups in my arms and back, but I feel them in my core the next day? (I'm training to failure for three sets.)
What should one eat if he wakes up at 6:30am, and has to be at the gym by 7am?
What exercises can I do at home to build muscle?
How should one plan, including diet, to run a 1,600 meters in 6:30 minutes?
Which is the best exercise​?
Why is riding a stationary bike considered a good exercise?
What's a good exercise to reduce belly fat and obtain a toned stomach, besides the obvious crunches?
How much protein does the body require if you do a daily heavy workout?
Is running on treadmill enough to lose weight?
Why is GoodLife Fitness so popular?
What’s the best arm and forearms routine?
I am very overweight and would like to start some exercise. What would be some good exercises to start with?
Should I workout everyday before school?
What should I avoid eating before intense cardio training to stop me from needing to poop?
What happens when we drink after a gym work out? Is it good or bad for us?
What workout split would be best for someone in the military that requires all around fitness, and incorporates at least 3 days of cardio?
What is the difference between a morning walk and going to the gym? Which one should be preferred, and why?
How do film stars makeover their body in months?
How can I increase my strength?
How do I train for 8k run?
Which is better for burning calories, calisthenics or weight training?
If I run/jog a mile on a treadmill, would I get the same benefits and exercise as if I had run on a track?
Will yoga help me reduce my BP?
Can a beginner build up their muscles at home? Will it be effective?
How often should you workout for it to be good for your health?
How do I build muscle on my delts and make my shoulders wider and more muscular?
Is exercise bad for you?
What modality of fitness training makes you the leanest? (Assuming you have a clean nutrition plan).
Is it OK to have sex after a workout?
How can I build a six-pack without going to gym?
What might cause tremors after exercise?
Is a 21 out of 30 good on the Mensa workout good?
Are AirPods good to use while running?
Is there any gym or workout facility available at MITAOE Pune?
Can 100 push ups a day reduce chest fat?
Is jogging for two minutes then walking for eight and doing that for twenty minutes good?
I have a bad physique but I want to stay fit and not getting motivated towards it. What should I do?
How should I get back into being active? Should I jump right back into lifting and running or should I start with something easier?
How do I get a feminine body at the gym without gaining too much muscle?
How do you acquire motivation/discipline in college, exercising, and work?
What exercises can I do to improve my reflexes?
Which one jumps faster, a guy without a jump-rope or a guy with a jump-rope?
Should women do chest weight training at the gym?
What's a good sprinting workout plan?
Will running every morning and push ups every night get me in shape in 3 months?
What’s the fastest you ever sprinted?
What kinds of nutrients does a muscle need to repair after a workout and to get bigger?
How can I strengthen ciliary muscle of the eye and delay its fatigue?
Where should you start if you want to burn excess fat and do some toning up this summer? Is a cleanse recommended to start with, or are they purely a fad?
How far can a person go with body weight exercises?
What workout plan should be followed if planning to have a baby without risking a miscarriage due to stress?
What are the exercises to cure knock knees?
How can I rebuild and strengthen cartilage?
Is there any advantage doing seated upper body exercises versus standing? Don't you use more muscles while standing, making it more of a compound exercise?
Should I study for maths by doing exercises or by studying examples and figuring out how to solve similiar exercises?
What are the health benefits of early morning exercises?
Which one burns more calories- jogging on a treadmill (at steady pace) or high interval training?
Is it bad to exercise if you are a heavy smoker?
What are some good workout routines for a rowing machine?
Do push-ups help in increasing our body strength to be able to lift heavier weights?
Is doing thirty 1-minute sessions of exercise per day as beneficial as doing one 30-minute session per day?
How do weight bearing exercises actually help bones?
Is there any harm in doing strength and cardio exercise everyday?
How do I get stronger and better at fighting without having "gym muscles" or going to the gym?
Can exercise and walking harm our internal organs? What is the best exercise for belly fat?
Why do I have such small arms but lift a decent amount?
What should I eat and what workout should I do to stop my ribs from showing?
I took a spin class this morning and my knee started hurting after about 5-10 minutes. What was I doing wrong?
After building muscle, can I maintain it by doing body weight exercises?
I want to build my body, but I can't be always eating. Is it worth it? Should I expect results?
Running is the best thing for me to keep my mood in check. It's my hobby. How can I improve muscle gain at gym and not cut my running?
Is it advisable to do 100 pushups immediately followed by bench press (20-25 reps with light weight)?
Does pre workout and in workout affect male fertility?
What happens to your body when you jog and go to the gym on a daily basis?
When should we drink a banana milkshake: after exercise or before exercise?
What should you do after running?
What kind of stretches are preferable in the morning, static or dynamic?
How do I avoid being left out of gym basketball?
What's the best app for running? I'm doing interval training on hills and runs on greenbelts between mapped streets, and this confuses Strava.
If I do no other exercises besides squats, will my body look weird because I'll have a huge ass and no other muscles?
What is the best way to workout at home without using weights or going to the gym?
What is a simple yet rewarding and effective exercise routine that I can do in the morning?
What kind of bodybuilding regime and diet must I take if I have mild reflux and acidity problems?
My legs are too skinny compared to my upper body, so what are the best leg workouts to build heavy and thicker legs?
How do I strengthen my knees, to run everyday?
Should you stretch before you workout in a gym?
How bad does weightlifting or even calisthenics affect your drawing?
What happens if you run 1 mile everyday for a year?
What are some examples of aerobic and anaerobic exercises?
How do I sew an accordion stretch panel, does the elastic have to be pre-stretched?
Is it advisable to do 100 pushups in a row or can I do the same using 4 sets of 25 reps each?
Why does Christianity have an issue with yoga?
How can I increase my stamina for any workout?
I have APT, which makes my lower back tight and weak. Does this mean that I shouldn't add lower back exercises to my workout?
What are the differences in calorie burning in walking and biking?
What are some names of aerobic, facultative anaerobic, and anaerobic fungi?
How can I keep myself from getting chills after running?
Should I stop working out when preparing for exams?
What’s a good routine for a full workout at home?
How does running increase your fitness? How much time should I spend running every day?
Why can I lift 85% of my max with good form and speed but at 95% my form breaks down and I can barely get in a couple of reps?
How do I become muscular in one month?
How much running and physical fitness is done in the Russian conscript basic training? Is there a final test they must pass?
Can a 13-year-old boy perform push-ups? Are there any side effects?
It has been three weeks since I started running, but still I have knee pain when I try to run. How can I cure this?
I am lifting weights for over 5 months and taking whey isolates, but do not seem any gain in my muscles. What am I doing wrong?
Why are yawns and stretches so satisfying? What's happening in the body?
If you do not exercise, but eat healthy, how much protein should you eat?
What are some breathing exercises that increases the lung capacity?
Is it true that when you do squats you will have a big booty?
How can women get a lean and muscular physique?
Which sport is better to get a fit body, swimming or going to the gym?
What is a way to reduce the breadth of only the lower body, especially thighs, but not the upper body?
How many times should an adult masturbate in a week?
Will running help tone my abs?
Is it possible to break someone’s hand with a handshake?
What books do you recommend for nutrition plans, workout routines, and getting a healthy, ripped body?
Does going to the gym affect one’s studies?
How much excercise is considered excessive?
What are the benefits of walking lunges, and which muscles do you work out?
When can I lift weights after a back operation?
How do you motivate yourself to exercise when you're already happy with the way you look?
Is it better to get a massage before or after a workout?
What are the most effective traps exercises?
How important is nutrition when lifting heavy weights?
Is it better to first lose body fat and then build muscle or both at the same time?
Would one have any advantage by attaching (20-50kg) weights to the body, arms and legs and living with them 24/7, and releasing them just before sports matches?
How and when do I get back in my shape?
Why is most of the strength program only three days per week?
If you do 20 push ups every day for 3 months, how much fat would you lose in your chest area?
How can I make myself a faster runner?
Which exercises and other stuff do you recommend for making your booty grow? Can that happen?
Why doesn't the body want to exercise?
Can you have a full workout with only one exercise?
Is masturbation OK after 1 hour of working out in the gym?
What's the best way to gain weight and start lifting?
What is the proper form for pull-ups and push-ups in the Air Force?
What physical fitness level is required for wireless PSI?
What is it like to work as a fitness professional overseas? I am already familiar with the rub of what being a fitness professional in the US is like.
What can you say about the RP-US Balikatan exercises?
If served dessert before dinner at a formal event, do I eat it before or after the entree?
What is a good example of a low impact cardio for bad knees?
What is the quickest possible way to gain muscle as a basketball player?
What is the damage to your body if you sweat profusely from exercise every day?
How can a girl reduce the weight of her thighs?
How do I lose belly fat without exercise or diet change?
Is it possible to look normal with a receding chin?
What is a good diet to follow? I just joined the gym to make me fit.
Is going to the gym worth it or can I stay fit at home?
Is the protein taken from meals throughout the day enough to sustain you for a night workout?
When is the best time to exercise, morning or night?
Can I start yoga without the guidance of a master?
Is there an outdoor workout area with a pullup/chinup bar in Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China?
How soon can you exercise after pericarditis?
What can I do to gain weight on my bottom and lose weight off my belly without exercise?
Is it possible to do more than 70 sit-ups in a minute?
Can we train forearms with arms?
Are there any simple exercises to tone our body?
What do you think about muscle (body) building and cognitive development (brain building), are these two mutually exclusive?
Will doing 40 jumping jacks, 30 crunches, 20 squats, and 10 pushups actually burn 100 calories?
How do I get visible abs?
What is better for weight loss: cardio or weight training?
I'm a 32 year old (very) skinny guy. Are there any meal and workout plans you would recommend to gain mass?
How can I increase my chest width and the weight of my body?
Which parts of your body do squats benefit? How many sets of body-weight squats should I do if I want to increase my leg muscles?
Which is your favorite workout wear?
Will there be problems in the future if I do an abs workout at an earlier age?
How can I improve my running as I'm asthmatic?
How can I learn to do one handed push-ups?
What is the strength and risk in the building industry?
Is there an app where I can compete with others (not real time) to go up rankings for treadmill runs over 5km?
Does that strong lift 5x5 program really work for people trying to get back in shape?
How can I work up to being able to do beginner spinal stretches in yoga?
What is the best HIIT training routine for a 17-year-old aiming to lose weight at the gym?
How does exercise intensity affect your heart rate?
How do I get motivated for exercise?
Can I do both Surya Namaskar and walking, or only Surya Namaskar?
Can anyone challenge me in any kind of workout?
Which are some of the exercises an unfit obese person can do to cut down belly fat and gain more muscles?
Why should I stop eating 1 hour before exercising? When should the pre-workout meal be taken?
Why should I do breathing exercises?
What is more important in Yoga- Asanas or Pranayam?
Does Eckerd have a nice gym or exercise facility?
Does lifting weights reduce your penis?
After working out, neither my biceps nor my chest muscles are sore, even though I use them when working out. Why?
I feel a lack of power during weight training. What should I do to gain sufficient power to lift heavy weights?
Can I do abs workouts daily during, before or after going to the gym?
What happens to my body if I do my workout regularly but don't add calories to my diet?
What does it mean to be curvy and fit?
How much should I workout/run each day as a teen?
Which is the best exercise cycle brand and model for someone with a height of 183 cm, a weight of 85 kg, and a budget maximum of 25k?
What would happen if I had a cup of black coffee (without sugar) before running or jogging?
Do I lose my muscle gains while doing a constant run for 15 mins and after that lifting weights?
Does cardio take away muscle too?
What exercises can I do to keep me fit, if I have lower back pain due to a bulging disc?
Why do I type faster after I've exercised?
What is Sahaj Yoga?
How do I workout?
What is the best way to lose 12 pounds in 2 weeks?
Is there any gym or workout facility available at MITAOE Pune?
Is my workout routine an effective calisthenics workout?
Could a runner with baseline fitness (30 miles/wk, longest 12 miles) try to run a marathon with only two long runs (18-20 miles), for this training cycle?
What will happen if I run for 15 minutes daily before lifting weight?
I want to start Yoga at home. What type of routine can I do daily for stretching and as a workout?
Can one get a six pack body by doing yoga?
Every time I squat or kneel down my knees begin to hurt, and it is very difficult for me to get up. Why?
Is it safe for a 42 year old man to lift weights 6 days in a row?
How to increase my stamina after being a couch potato for 2 yrs?
What is a body weight workout plan for 45 days that would leave me with a 6 pack?
How much body weight can I reduce by exercising on a sedentary bike with losing 150 calories per day?
What muscles do side lunges work out, and why?
Alternately I do cardio and strength training. I also do 1 hour of yoga before my workout twice a week and 1 hour after my workout three times a week. Is it alright?
What would happen to the fat acceptance movement if a new drug which makes you lose weight without dieting and exercise was released?
Do I look like I’m in good physical shape?
Would yoga teachers find it beneficial to have a venue broker where the teacher gets 70% of the class revenues (2 times higher earnings versus a gym/studio)?
How many pushups can you do in 30 seconds?
Can I build a good physique on 2 meals a day?
What exercises can I do at home in order to gain weight healthily?
Should I do more reps with less weight or less reps with more weigh to get bigger muscle?
Should I use sweat belt to reduce my belly fat?
Are Mike Mentzer’s training and diet a preferable resource for the gym for a mere amateur?
Is there a name for exercises (routines) that don't require squatting/bending down?
Why do rowers train six days a week, twice a day?
What are the best beginner core and upper body workouts?
What can I do to gain body mass?
What are the best YouTube channels for fitness which teaches step by step to beginners and nutrition channel for maintaining proper healthy life?
How can I tone down hereditary muscular calves?
Can I lose belly fat, butt and thighs fat with diet only and no special exercise?
How many calories does doing a plank burn?
What are the best tabata workouts without any equipment?
How expensive is it to open a bouldering gym versus a normal gym?
Why doesn’t arithmetic training improve performance?
How do I get bigger hips naturally?
How do I get in better shape?
What is the most effective way to train for handstand push ups?
Why am I losing body weight but my shape is not changing?
Is regular jogging in 40s have any relation with joint cartilage wear out?
Can I do both suryanamaskar and walking for burning calories?
What is the effect of heat loss during exercise?
What is the perfect exercise to remove belly fat?
Can I get bigger hips with weightlifting/training? How?
What are some of the best calisthenic exercises improve my sprint speed?
What should I take for energy before a workout?
When did you decide to use a lifting belt?
Can I gain muscle if I don't add calories to my diet, while doing an increasing workout routine?
Should I workout or study first after school?
Why do muscles ache the next morning after a sauna?
Are 3-kg dumbbells good for a beginner?
How do I start a home gym and earn money?
How do you target more of your inner arm in a tricep extension?
Why are splits seen as unmanly?
How much weight did you burn from yoga?
What is the best way to get fit after having Goodpasture Syndrome?
Do push-ups shorten your arms?
What are the benefits of doing squats every day?
Can I use a treadmill with a max speed of 13 mph for sprint training?
Lets just say if I jogged a mile which I do everyday, will creatine build my body if I just run/jog a mile everyday?
Why aren’t simple carbohydrates not recommended pre-workout?
What is the name of exercise machine?
Should I stretch before or after my workout?
What should I be doing to get abs if they are not in my genetics? I need an actual plan set up.
What is the best exercise to train the obliques without gym equipment?
What should I think if my recovering anorexic sister wants to start going to the gym with me? Should I be worried?
Can I use a home pull-up bar if I weigh 250 lbs?
What should my breathing be like during weightlifting?
Do any IPS officers do gym workouts regularly?
What are your top 3 tips for the gym?
Can I do push-ups if I have acromion type 2 with no surgery yet?
After a hysterectomy at the age of 50, when can exercise or yoga be started? How much of a time gap after surgery is required to start yoga?
Does pre workout and in workout affect male fertility?
How many hours should I workout at the gym to put off 5kg of weight?
Is it best to do cardio before or after a workout if you are doing weight loss training?
How do young working people in Bangalore stay healthy despite huge office work load ?
If you are trying to lose weight in two weeks, lifting weights, doing squats, Zumba, and walking, and drinking plenty of water, does this help?
What are good exercises to get strong enough to pick up a person?
What are the pros and cons of ankle weights?
How can I lose 10 pounds in 3 weeks without exercising?
How can I measure the calories burned in 10,000 steps?
What is the best app to find people to go workout with?
How long will it take an out-of-shape person to walk 2.5 miles?
Can people with a simple kidney cyst work out at the gym and lift weights?
What is the best workout routine for an 18 year old to reduce fat?
How can I build my body being a vegetarian and without gym?
How can I get my legs thin or toned?
How can I lose weight fast without much change in diet and with exercise?
What exercises should I do?
Should peanuts be considered after or before a workout?
If I smoke before exercising, will I increase endurance?
Should people do weightlifting even if they train in other sports?
What could help people maintain their muscle strength during a weeks long hospitalization?
Is one or two Snickers between healthy meals of meat and vegetables while working out regularly okay if I want to gain more muscle with little fat?
Where can I find help with anaerobic exercises and G-training?
What are people’s thoughts on the Athelean-Rx post-workout supplement?
Is it best to meditate before or after exercise in the morning (and why)?
What are the exercises and ways to get in great shape quickly for men? Are there any advantages/disadvantages of working out daily?
How do you cut in the gym?
Why does lean body mass fluctuates everyday?
Is abdominal breathing a type of yoga?
What are the best exercises to work your lower abs?
How frequently should you squat?
How can I exercise my focus?
Is it safe to exercise (body pump, running) with polycystic kidney disease and kidney stones?
What are some home workouts for skinny teenagers?
Is it possible to use OSIM uKimono to make your tummy 6 packs?
Is my perception right that harsh prison sentences were pushed during the crack epidemic but in the current heroin problem they're pushing treatment?
How do I live healthy, younger and safe without doing any exercise?
What is healthier, smoking marijuana and doing regular exercise (running and weight lifting) or not smoking paired with no exercise?
Is 32 years old too late to join the gym and build muscles?
Does doing push-ups and lifting dumbbells, daily, affect one's basketball shooting form?
If I do the same exercise for 30 minutes a day on consecutive days will the amount of calories I burn remain constant or decrease over time?
What would happen to exercise ISO if AMT is repealed?
Which floor exercise at home is better for women with bad knee?
What should I get to get lean, whey protein or BCAA? I want to get lean and also lose 5 kg of weight.
What kind of exercises will build an 8-pack abs?
Is there anything I can do for shoulder injuries to get by without stopping I am 50 and been working out 4 days a week?
Is it possible to get a good chest and shoulder workout with only a bench press and dumb bells?
Which physical exercise is good for me to increase my body strength?
What is an effective gym workout for an athletes who is trying to gain muscle mass and keep his body fat percentage low?
When is the right time of day to exercise according to Tradition Chinese Medicine?
What are the best exercises for strength for groin muscle?
Is panting after a 100-m sprint good or bad for cholesterol?
How do I be fit (I mean have power not concern with muscles)?
Which is the best gym equipment store in Kolkata?
How do I get the motivation to start running and to get fit as a teen?
What are the best 3 biceps exercises for mass?
Are fitness programs worth it?
What advice should I follow in regard to diet and exercise when working out for strength but not bodybuilding for show?
Is working out 4 days a week enough?
Should I take Protein X after a workout?
What do you think of my fitness routine?
Can creatine benefit me if I run a mile every single day?
Is there any breathing exercise I can do after having a meal to improve digestion?
Why are there 3 sets on Starting Strength?
How can I increase my fitness in the gym to lose weight faster?
Do all aerobic activities have the same health benefits?
Can I only get toned by going to a gym only?
Where do teachers get changed for gym class or sports?
Why are yawns and stretches so satisfying? What's happening in the body?
How do I build muscle in 6 months?
How do you perform negatives for chin-ups properly?
What should I do If I am a student and don’t get time for exercise?
Should I continue ACL relaxation exercises even if I feel pain?
Is possible for someone who has never been physically active to become really fit and strong?
How do I build enough strength to do a push-up while my 120lb girlfriend is sitting on my back?
What are the initial steps for doing pushups?
Is there any point in me doing sports/exercise?
What exercises can an obese person do?
Why is it that when I experience nerve pain, like sciatica, that movement takes it away like a simple dumbbell workout with light weights?
I’m 15 and I want to increase my shoulder size by a few inches. What workouts should I do?
Why do we feel headache after working out in summers?
Is walking for 20 minutes a day with a controlled diet, but then lying on the couch for the rest of the day going to help me lose weight?
Will running help tone my abs?
Should peanuts be eaten before or after a workout?
How many push-ups are you able to do on a daily basis?
What sort of workout can I do for basketball with a limited amount of time?
What anaerobic exercise can I do without access to a gym and without putting weight on my legs?
Has anyone tried Mike Mentzer HIT lifting? What results have you gotten?
Is it concerning that my heart pounds when I exercise?
What are the benefits of walking lunges, and which muscles do you work out?
How many skips should I do to increase height?
What is the best equipment for Nike+ Training Club (exercise rookie)?
Is it advisable to work out your arms every alternate day?
Are there any yoga classes in Udupi?
How can I solve the main problems about having a fitness life?
How do I get into the habit of exercising?
How many trams run in Poznań every day?
Is yoga really a good way to lose weight? I've seen many fat people who are really good at yoga.
Should I carry on doing my squats although I have pain in my thighs?
Why is it difficult for most people to exercise 20 minutes 3 times each week?
If you lift a 5lb weight a hundred times, is that the same "work" on the muscle as one lift with a 500lb weight?
My knee hurts while running and lifting, am I doing damage? Would it be better to not workout at all or to push through the pain with low-impact?
Which trainer is better: Jillian Michaels or Kayla Itsines?
How long will it take before I observe changes in my body if I have started doing normal push-ups regularly, and am gradually increasing their number?
What's the fastest way to lose weight with visible difference if you don't go to the gym?
What is best street workout equipment?
Is it all right to eat before exercising?
How do the accessory muscles of respiration work?
How do you sway back and forth?
Which exercises do we have to follow to make biceps or to tone arms without any gym equipment (for girls)?
Should I start exercising as a college student?
For badminton, what are the most effective exercises you can practice by yourself?
Can you help me with a diet and exercise plan to lose 15kg in a healthy way?
Is training with a bin bag or sauna suit a good idea to control water weight when training for a fight?
What are some good biceps workouts at the gym?
What will happen if I stop exercising for 7 days?
What are negatives for chin-ups?
How should I keep myself fit and healthy?
How many calories does 30 push-ups and 30 sit-ups burn?
Should I always use eccentric slow movement in every single reps of my workout?
Which is more important for muscle building: more weight and more/less reps or less weight and more/less reps?
At the age of 18, should I join a Zumba class or the gym to lose weight?
What is the fastest way to burn 700 calories?
How do I feel comfortable breathing through my mouth when doing push-ups?
Is Surya Namaskar equal to walking (e.g. are 30 rounds of Surya Namaskar equal to 30 minutes of walking)?
Is spinning 60-90 mins per day enough for noticeable results?
I workout 4 times/week (weights and HIIT). Last week I didn't work out and ate freely. Why did I get thinner/more toned (closer to my goal)?
Is it advisable to have a nap right after a heavy workout?
Which one is better: skipping or running?
What kind of exercises can I do, while practicing on my keyboard to improve my singing?
How long shall I jog for optimum cardio benefit?
If you were seen doing some unusual exercise (e.g. yoga, parkour), what would your response be to "what are you doing" and "why are you doing that"?
Why can’t I deadlift my 1-rep max after a 4-rep warm-up set, but I can deadlift the 1-rep max on days when I do zero warm-up?
Is it possible for a 24-year-old to lose those last 5 kgs, i.e., stubborn belly fat, without exercise?
How can I do the bear crawl exercise?
What is the most appropriate exercise to lose weight if you have thyroid irritation?
How can I build up the muscles in my body in 6 months or more?
How can I as a woman be as strong/fit as some of the crossfitters out there?
What fat burning exercises should I do, if I have early stage varicose veins?
How would you intelligently work out 449*249 without a calculator?
What is a good workout schedule for a 200m dash?
How can I produce flexibility?
What is the best way home exercise?
Is it healthy to do 30 minutes of regular jogging, after 40?
When working out a particular muscle group, should I take a 3 day gap or a 5 day gap, before hitting that muscle again?
How can you lose 10 lbs in one day without exercising or starving yourself?
Can I lose weight with regular body building gym equipments?
What types of exercises are suitable for a 65 year old person?
Do colleges charge any money for gym facilities?
Which is the best excercise: swimming or going to the gym?
What exercises should I do in order to get a body like a K-pop idol (aside from dancing)?
What kinds of foods should I eat at school before going to the gym?
What body parts should I exercise to become a lead guitarist?
What's a good workout routine for maximum health benefits with little risk of injury?
What grade of iron is used in gym equipment?
Are there any exercises that help compensate for torn ACLs?
How do I lose belly fat without exercise or diet change?
How much, and what kind, of exercises are well suited to reduce belly fat for someone in their 30s?
If I lie down in bed and a machine moves my body parts, does that amount to exercise?
How do I reduce chest fat?
What is a good diet to follow? I just joined the gym to make me fit.
Is it odd that I am able to gain muscle with very little exercise?
How do I maintain my BMR and muscle mass after I stop exercising?
Is it possible to run a marathon with no training at all?
Is the protein taken from meals throughout the day enough to sustain you for a night workout?
What are other best options than lifting weights to have a fit body?
Do you consider having sex to be an exercise?
Are yoga (ashtanga or vinyasa) and pilates safe for moderate mitral valve prolapse?
Can a fit 75-year-old man do regular jogging?
What is the good number of push-ups in daily life?
How can I use my Apple Watch to my advantage to help me be healthier?
What are the best techniques to work the muscle groups with free weights?
What is squat and milk?
Can yoga practice trigger emotional responses?
Why do fat girls always dress like they're about to go to the gym but they never do?
Does strength training burn fat from the face?
What is the best exercise to lose weight, jogging or brisk walking?
How many calories would a 7 stone female burn running on the spot for an hour?
How can I increase my running stamina from 1 mile in 10 minutes to 1 mile in 6 minutes within 4 days?
Does losing weight help with push-ups?
How should I fix my squat?
What are the most effective exercises for writers?
What are examples of cardio intense activities?
I have to work for 15 hours a day and have no time for exercise. How do I reduce my belly size and weight?
How long will I have to wait to work out with heavy weights after an abdominal surgery?
Why is the chin-up harder than the bench press?
What is the intense heat I feel in my quads after a run?
How do I know that the exercises I do are in fact burning calories, and not just giving me sore muscles, or does sore muscles mean that I have burnt calories?
Aside from the importance of nutrition, what are some great exercises to build muscle while efficiently burning fat?
After a tiresome day, what is it that lifts up your spirit?
How do you explain “tears has no weight but carries heavy emotions”?
Do you use more calories lifting a 100 lb weight 30 times or a 30 lb weight, 100 times?
How can I develop abs? I have lost most of my body fat, but my abs are just not big, so how can I grow them?
What are the advantages of negatives for chin-ups?
How do I go about training for a marathon?
What are some of the best exercises for a ligament tear on the left knee?
Is it possible for a 24-year-old to lose those last 5 kgs, i.e, stubborn belly fat, without exercise?
What are different ways to tone whole body without doing using any exercising machines?
What should I eat before a workout that will give me a lot of energy when I go for a workout at 5:00 am?
How can I get started weightlifting?
Is 60 Surya Namaskar enough per day for physical activity?
What are the 7 principles of resistance training?
How do you do yoga on your own?
Can anyone stay fit while sleeping for at least 4 hours, by doing exercises and meditation?
How long does it take to cure varicocele through yoga?
I need a workout regimen that will make me as fit as a Navy Seal. What do I do?
What should be eaten just before workout?
What is the need to warm up before exercise from an evolutionary perspective?
How do you know if the weights are too heavy or if you are just wimping out?
How effective is the Revoflex Xtreme for core body exercises?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of going to the gym before going to college?
Which is better, a gym or an akhada?
How many hours should an average person exercise each day?
What is the best exercise for legs when you are prone to excruciating leg cramps?
What makes Mammoth Hunters claim that they have 100,000 years of experience in fitness?
What can I earn more from in the next 5 years, being a yoga, Pilates, or HIIT-focused teacher?
What are the best videos that demonstrate proper squatting technique?
What's the difference between burning calories and burning fat, and how does one achieve the latter?
How can I reduce 6 inches fat from my stomach without reducing more than 2 inches fat from my breasts and hips?
Why does inactivity cause more tiredness than physical activity?
How do you determine how much weight is right for you for a leg press?
What exercise routine should I follow to lose 135 kg in weight?
What should I eat before going to the gym? And should I take bath before going to the gym?
What do you think about my workout plan?
What prevents you from running/cycling with your partner?
Is calisthenics a possible aproach to health and strength for me as an obease middle-aged woman?
How long will it take to walk 3 miles?
What would happen if you went to the gym 5 days a week and followed a good diet but only slept for 5 hours a day? Would your muscles grow?
Should you use your core on every exercise you do when weightlifting?
0n a treadmill, is speed or elevation more effective?
Do you hip drive on your way down in the high bar squat?
What is the best workout for both fat loss and building a bit of muscle?
What are some great exercises to get curvy hips?
How often a week, including 3 workout sessions, should I do cardio to burn stomach fat (for an 18-year-old)?
What do I do? I love fitness, music, writing and business, and I have good grades but hate coding, so I’m not able to do it well, but my goal is an ML startup?
How do I run the mile at school faster?
What is a “ripped physique”?
Why should I do triceps dips?
How many miles do delivery guys walk in a day? How many stairs do they go up and down?
Evander Holyfield lifted weights, why did he not suffer significant decreases in speed/mobility/flexibility after gaining so much mass?
Why did you stop running?
How many calories do I have to burn on a treadmill on daily basis to have a reasonable loss of weight?
Do upright rows work the entire shoulder?
What are really the most common reasons why guys lift weights?
What types of exercises can a patient with spondylolisthesis do?
Which low-intensity workout will give me the best fitness boost if done consistently?
How does running in place differ from running on a treadmill?
Does doing a minute plank daily increase core strength or just simply increase endurance later on?
What are some examples of moderate and vigorous aerobic exercises?
Is it a good idea to go for a run after drinking alcohol?
Is it ok to have red eyes after doing push-ups and other exercises?
Is yoga or pranayana better for us to keep healthy?
Are there benefits to exercising self-control? Can exercising self-control save one's life?
What do you have to believe in order to rarely miss workouts?
What is “Black Wolf Workout Eliminate”?
Do Indian girls go to the gym?
I used to be able to do multiple sit-ups in a minute. Haven't tried them in a while and now I can't even get up. Why?
What muscles are used while skipping?
Are there great alternative exercises for swimming?
What age is it safe to start working out with weights?
How much exercise should I be doing right now?
How long after you workout can you eat a full course meal?
Is double unders considered as an anaerobic or aerobic?
How often do you train per week?
How many calories can you burn by making out, and why?
How much weight are people lifting for the free squat?
How do you get swole?
People keep saying that going to the gym at an early age can stop your growth. Why?
Can I get a good upper body by doing 100 push ups a day?
If your muscle sore is healed and you continue on working out, but it never comes back, does that mean your work out is no longer effective?
Do Venezuelan people exercise?
What are some alternatives to running 7km a week?
How do I get leaner, longer arms and get rid of the muscle in my arms at home?
What is the best elliptical/cross trainer machine for the home in India?
What is the simplest way to gain stamina?
I am 20 years old and very lean. I have a 20 kg gym kit. What exercises should I do with it to build muscles?
Can I workout on my bed?
What type of exercises are preferred for spondylolisthesis patients?
What is the best way for me to lose fat and gain muscle with the aid of clenbuterol?
What are the *easiest* things that you've done (or heard about) to improve your health and physique?
How do I keep my strength but improve my endurance for running?
Which exercise is better for a runner, jump squats or a tuck jumps?
How do I gain strength, only pure strength?
How do I get a longer penis with a strong erection? And what about Kegel exercises? If they are good, how do you do them?
What are the best websites for workouts?
What is Zakk Wylde's workout routine?
Why does my body hurt after I run with spikes?
How do I lose thigh and calves muscles in a month?
If I lift weights and do high intensity cardio, what should my routine schedule be? I'm 42 years old.
What does running with weights in each hand accomplish?
Bench presses push pectorals to failure. Squats hit the quads. When you run until you're out of breath, what muscle is the weak link?
Can I do push ups after breakfast?
For a hernia repaired using the Desarda technique, what is the recurrence chance if it is repaired laparoscopically? Will I be okay for the rest of my life if I don't lift weights and only change my diet and walk for exercise?
How can I increase my strength without going to a gym or that sort of thing?
What methods can I use to lose 65 pounds?
Can I work out my abs using just a pair of dumbbells?
Which exercises should one do with a home gym?
Is chest and back a good workout?
Is it possible to burn fat and gain muscle mass at the same time?
Does getting drunk remove 2 weeks of weight training?
After a long break from exercise, which protein supplement is good for recovery?
How do I put up weight and become fit by being vegetarian and without going to the gym?
How do I breathe effectively during sports such as football?
What are some exercises to make witty answers? How does one do it?
Why am I not able to do same number of pushups in second set as in first set?
Why do I cramp as soon as I start running?
How do I get rid of muscular thighs and calves?
What are the best yoga exercises for the brain?
Why don't depressed people just think positively, volunteer, and exercise?
What are people doing wrong in gym?
Gym workouts is good or bad for slim boys which only have 55 kg weight?
Is there any disadvantage in taking protein powder to the gym for a guy?
How effective would the One Punch Man workout be?
Is it possible that, after going to the gym regularly, only the size of the tummy increases?
Is stretching and bending your back bad?
How many calories can we burn in six km walk?
Do women notice when guys start working out?
What is a plan for HIIT exercise? I have been going to the gym for one year now and have hit a weight plateau. I am also following a diet plan.
Why does ductility not degrade during grain boundary strengthening like in other strengthening methods?
Why does a suit become inconvenient when you put your hand up?
Why do we lose endurance first when we stop weight training?
What is the best setting to work your calves on a treadmill?
What is the goal of cardiorespiratory endurance?
Is it worth it for a man to do squats if he wants to lose weight from his hips?
What exercises should I do to reduce my baldness?
Which muscle is the most powerful medial rotator of the arm?
Is boxing considered to be a good exercise?
Is doing push ups right after getting up bad for me?
Is it okay for pregnant women to workout in gyms? Or is baby in the planning phase?
Can you suggest me a workout routine and a diet for a dancer?
What weight loss exercises should I do if I can’t run?
Why is exercise so underrated?
I was able to do 5 sets of 10 reps pull ups before resting a week, after a week I was only able to do 3 sets of 10 reps. What happened?
What are the best workouts to remove fats from upper inner thighs and aroud the hips?
What is the best exercise routine one can do at home, with few pieces of equipment, to get a bubble butt?
Should we do exercise everyday or should there be gaps in between?
Can I recover the strength of my eyes by doing yoga?
What is the position of the head when doing push-ups?
When weightlifting, is it better to do one exercise 3 times in a row or do the whole routine 3 times?
How true is the fact that some people get fatter than before once they stop going to the gym or discontinue it?
Is it possible to get biceps, a bigger chest, abs, and a chiseled jaw line?
Are there any downsides of exercising by climbing stairs?
How do I workout to improve my fencing?
What if I skip gym on day 1 and the next day I do both day 1 and 2 exercises?
Do all ugly people get sexy by going to the gym?
Does masturbation affect your workout at the gym?
Is solving a Sudoku puzzle a good exercise for the mind?
How can I increase only the length of my legs?
What are the best exercises that a student should do early in the morning?
What body-weight exercises should you do?
Is gym necessary for boys?
How and why do the features in the ECG change post-exercise?
What muscle groups do I need to improve for a better physique?
Is running 7 km daily in 37-40 minutes good or bad? Is it good for the heart?
What are the exercises to developeTelepathy?
After a mild stroke, will my brain form new pathways to the affected leg if I continue to exercise and demand more movement?
Do we have any exercises to decrease the breast size?
How many times should I masterbate in a week?
What will happen if I ignore my triceps workout?
Is 28 too late to get healthy and in shape?
What is the best strength training platform?
What is the effect of exercising in a polluted or low oxygen environment vs a low pollution and/or a high oxygen content?
How do I create the perfect workout plan for me if I'm a beginner and want to work out three times a week at the gym?
What diet and what exercise should a person with a BMI of 32.74 do?
Do you want to get physically fit? What will it take for you to get motivated?
What level of heart rate is deemed to be intense exercise?
Should one have skinny legs or no? What kind of exercises must I do for my legs?
Can I do exercise in kidney pain?
How many km/miles can I walk a day?
Why do my forearms hurt when I hold heavy weights?
Why do westerners who perform yoga as an exercise, call themselves yogis when its meaning is different in Sanskrit and you have to earn it?
What is the best form of HIIT workout?
What is a simple workout for an 11-year-old?
What exercises will make you strong sexually after fifties?
Can anyone join the DDA multi-gym?
Can pushing too hard in a gym, costs you death?
How do I get really strong forearms?
Would it be better if I stopped doing workouts until the exams are over?
What is the right order for warming up, working out, running, and stretching?
What are perks of exercising in the morning than other time?
If you wanted a personal trainer, would you pay an Exercise Science student?
My legs are extremely sore from working out and I cannot even move them. Can I pray while sitting on a chair?
I finished my IMBA by the UIUC interview in 15 minutes with 4 questions in 30 minutes of allocated time. Is that good or bad sign?
How can I recover efficiently after workouts?
How did you integrate running, cycling, swimming and lifting daily and still function?
How do I get strong forearms plus a lot of stamina?
What is Vivek Mittal's opinion on Stronglifts, Starting Strength, or any other strength-training routines?
What should a person do at the gym, jogging or running?
At age 50, should a woman do yoga or go to the gym?
Should I start gymming?
Are there specific ab exercises to form abs for women or do they give the same results for both genders?
Are there any good programs to get fairly ripped in 6 weeks, while maintaining strength?
What shoulder exercises can I do to get big sculpted shoulders like NBA players?
What fitness app do you use to keep track of your workout and achieve goals?
What is Orowan strengthening?
What should my exercise routine be like if I'm trying to gain weight?
I'm a young guy and go to the gym 3 times a week for 6 months, what foods or drinks should I avoid to gain visible abs?
Why do I always feel like I have the flu for a few days after I work out?
After how many days can you do gym after a kidney stone cure?
How are Frenkel exercises beneficial for an ataxia patient?
Can one exercise after one’s kidney stones have been removed?
I need to increase my stamina in around a week for a boxing match. How do I do it?
When are your experiences on muscular strength?
What happens when you lift weights with your penis?
If you could only choose one way to lose weight, between dieting and exercising, which one would be more effective?
Do you feel something in your knees when squatting?
How can you exercise your muscles during puberty?
How can I plan to live past 100 and still be physically fit and feel young?
Can I run 2.4 km in 15 minutes?
If you have a hypertension problem and are on a prescription of high BP tabs, at what time you should take the tablet in the morning if you do cardio workouts?
Should I do cardio then weight lift, or vice versa?
Is the forearm a push or pull muscle?
What are your best eye muscles stretching techniques?
How should I stretch before I run?
What should I do at the end of my gym workout?
What kind of physical exersice can I do to be strong and fat?
What makes me wheeze after exercising?
Is it bad to neglect to train the chest but still train the rest of the upper body?
What exercises can I do to maintain core strength?
How can I make my body stronger?
Is it true that bodyweight workouts gives more strength than weight training?
How much should you increase in your workout volume at every workout?
How much workout is considered too much?
Can we increase bodyweight if we have nightfall?
How many weeks does it take for you to make your arms stronger and to lift more weights? Is there any particular exercise?
What kind of weightlifting is best for hurdling?
Should I drink a coffee before I go to the gym? How does it affect my 2 hour workout?
How do I convert DhT into testrone again by exercise?
Why should anyone go to the gym and torture his/her body to work on their muscles and abs?
Would I have stronger legs in only 1 month of gym to win the sprint competition? I've been working out a bit earlier. I really want the truth!
How long must I wait in order to workout after gynecomastia (liposuction) treatment?
What methods can I use to burn 3500 calories a day?
Is it possible to grow my butt without lifting weights or doing squats?
Is physical exercise helpful while preparing for UPSC?
Why do I feel aggressive after a work out?
Can normal people do Saitama's workout routine? Would it do more harm than good?
When I want toned arms and don't want to build a lot of muscle, should I use less weight and do more repetitions or more weight and less repetitions?
Can I workout my biceps and six pack ab exercises in a single day?
What is the most time-efficient aerobic workout?
I have been hitting the gym for a while with no visible abs, how long did it take you to get them visible?
What does it mean when your muscles are sore the day after stretching?
Is swimming a good exercise for strengthening my chest?
What is a good intense 10-15 minute kettlebell workout I could do after work?
How do you lose fat quickly without losing lean muscle when you are at 12% body fat?
What physical exercises did you do daily as a cadet or trainee at your academy?
Is going to the gym good?
Why can't I do more than 20 push ups? Could it be that my back is too weak?
I have a squat rack, a bar, a bunch of plates, a bench and a dip station. Can you help me come up with a solid upper-lower split routine?
Which is a good two day strength workout program that complements bjj?
Will my bones and muscles gain less strength if after a workout I heal them with cold temperature?
How do I eat without lifting my arm?
Should I do cardio at the beginning and the end of my 2-hour workout?
Can high intensity exercise cause a stroke?
What is the science behind not liking to exercise? (in the brain)
Is there any YouTube channel for learning the proper forms of weight training exercises that explains position, form and movement in-depth?
Is bike riding good exercise for losing weight?
Should I just keep studying all day or go out and have some physical training as a refreshment (preferably a gym)?
What are some of the best yoga videos with links?
Does basketball count as high-intensity interval training?
How many exercises do I do for a compound workout day?
What is the difference between Ashtanga Yoga & Hatha Yoga? Which one is more beneficial?
How long does it take to lose weight, if I walk for 1 hour or 2 hours every evening and do crunches?
What are some rehab exercises to build leg strength?
I am extremely healthy in most ways, but I just won't exercise. What are some ways to overcome my psychological barriers to exercise?
How many sit-ups should I do to get abs quickly?
Should I add dumbbell workout to my routine?
How can I get stronger and bigger forearms?
Are there specific ab exercises to form abs for women, or is it the same for both genders?
Was yoga originally meant to be a form of physical exercise?
Are there better alternatives to stretching? Is yoga one?
How do I stretch subscribers?
How can you prevent getting spasms in your thighs?
What are some natural post-workout meals for after working out at the gym (gaining)?
How do I build an amazing body at home?
Does it worth to make the switch from gym to calisthenics?
Can I get lean body muscles mass with 6 pack abs in 6 months?
What are the best workouts for building back muscles in 2017?
How can I get a CrossFit body?
What are some of the weight loss exercises for osteogenesis imperfecta patients who cannot stand?
How do I know how I should exercise in the gym?
Why doesn’t Superman move his arms while flying, as we do while walking or swimming?
How long would it take me, with average genetics, to reach a Jeff Said-like physique?
What are some morning exercise routine for unfit beginners?
While weight training, should an older person take more "rest” days between workouts than someone who is younger?
Is pushing the back of your head to the seat a good exercise for your neck?
What is the quickest way to burn 800 calories with exercise?
What do we need to do to keep ourselves inspired to work out daily?
Can you work out and become a tough guy without taking any supplements?
What should I know before I go to the gym for muscle mass gaining?
I want to lose some weight and tone my body and I am a complete beginner at gym. What exercise routine and diet should I follow?
Is working out (push-pull legs routine) effective for an ectomorph beginner?
How do I increase or develop my gym and fitness business?
How do I start taking action and start losing weight? I keep planning but can never get started.
What's the best science-based book on the fundamentals of building muscle and working out?
Do video games really count as exercise?
Should I do cardio before or after weight training to lose weight?
What should I do to lose weight? Should I do cardio or go for weight lifting?
Why am I not improving in my exercise?
Will I burn less number of calories once I get used to a certain kind of exercise and my heart rate goes low?
How do I split a workout routine to 4 days weekly?
Does the size of muscles increase temporarily just after a workout?
What time should a student go to the gym?
Can I cure excessive elbow angle with exercise and yoga to be fit for army medicals?
Does anyone lift weights in space?
Which is better, eating with your full attention in 15 minutes or while working at a computer in 1 hour?
What exercise can help increase my stamina when swimming?
Is it ok to do cardio exercise before the weight training?
How do I achieve defined pectoral muscles and chest?
How do you build muscle as a teen?
How do I strengthen my legs for a backstroke kick?
What is the most time-efficient anaerobic workout?
I'm a 17 year old teenage girl. I just got a gym membership. What can I do to get more fit?
How do I start training with ankle and wrist weights for improving kicks and punches?
While doing exercise my shoulders (the area between my neck and arms) starts hurting and I cannot continue my exercise. How can I minimize this pain?
What is a great low impact exercise?
Why am I sore every single time I work out?
Is there an important loss of efficiency in weightlifting if I do long intervals (20 min) between sets?
Should I do a workout with a fan or without a fan? Which way can I burn more calories?
Is it hard and scary to ride a push scooter?
What are some helpful tips/hacks to go up in weight in strength training?
What are some examples of moderate exercises?
What are some basic calisthenics exercises?
What are the best calf workouts?
What eating plan should I follow in order to lose 5kg and tone my body? I go to gym daily and have already lost 15kg. I am 17 years old.
How can I get a decent 6-pack and muscular body in 2 months?
As a 60-kg guy how many calories do I burn if I do 150 push-ups and 150 squats in 15 minutes?
How often should I do cardio besides weight lifting for fat loss?
How can I use a 24 hour fitness one-day free pass if I'm 16 years old?
What's it like to walk or run 3100 miles?
I am not physically healthy. Will it be helpful for improving health if I take protein powder with regular free hand exercise at home?
Which is the best workout programme for losing 30 kgs in three months?
What could be the possible side effects on my health if I stop going to gym after a year or two of joining?
What is the best exercise for buffalo hump?
How does the ECG change post-exercise?
How long does it take to establish "muscle memory"?
Why do people prefer to lay on the sofa vs. exercising while watching TV?
Can a ripped-apart body be embalmed?
Should I stop gaming and start working out more?
How can I be agile & fast only through some basic physical exercises?
How many of you (mountain/road bikers) would be interested in a fitness course for improving overall endurance/peak power/flexibility?
What is regular FIT?
How do I build muscle without going to the gym?
How do I add a reoccurring exercise on Fitbit?
What is the best way to get bigger forearms and calves?
Will a bigger chest make you faster?
How should I stretch before a calisthenics workout?
Are there any exercises to remove fat on your hands? I have pretty chubby hands, so can I get some fat off?
Is there any park near Velachery for jogging?
Does doing six pack exercises help to reduce this skinny look?
What are the natural ways get fit for a working professions?
How do I manage my daily workout after late night studies?
Why do women sweat less than men after the same physical exercise?
How many calories does swimming for 45 minutes burn?
I’m trying to get back in shape, but when I lift, my bones feel like mush. This has never happened before. Can I work past that?
What food can increase body strength?
What is the best steroid for building up the forearms?
Has anyone grown taller at 16-years-old just by doing yoga?
What are the effects of not working out for 3 weeks?
Does muscle growth ever plateau?
What are the best workouts to lose weight without machines?
Why do we need to exercise if you want to get lean?
What if I stop doing gym? Would it affect my body shape?
How can I improve my cardio performance and strength at the same time?
What are the best workouts for men who are 50+?
What are some workout and dietary hacks to burn side fat fast and naturally?
How long does it take before you can go to the gym after a scaphoid fracture?
What's a good vertical workout for a 15-year-old without any gym equipment?
What's the best workout routine for my off season?
What is the best way to lose weight with minimal grueling exercise?
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body. Is this true?
I have very chubby legs with cellulite, what exercises can I do to shed fat from my legs as well as tone my legs and butt altogether?
I workout regularly since I was 13. Why my nerves in my arms are visible although I eat a lot?
Why do humans need to do exercise?
Do deadlifts and squats work the same muscles, and hence is repetitive?
Are there any 15 or 30-minute tai chi or martial exercises one can do to increase mental and physical alertness in the morning?
Which is better for post-pregnancy tummy toning: Zumba, gym or yoga?
Does exercise make you more productive at work?
What are resistance band crab walk?
How can a middle-aged woman exercise to keep fit and healthy?
Who can lift the most weight in DC?
How can one improve his physical strength without going to the gym?
How do I protect my joints (especially my elbows and knees) if I lift weights 5 or 6 times a week?
Why do we get a tingle in our ears when we sit on something that is vibrating but not while skipping or when performing jumping jacks?
What are some examples of Frenkel exercises?
Will I lose weight if I lift light weights with many reps?
Which exercises other than pushups should I do to increase my pushup count?
What are the benefits of performing moderate exercises?
At the age of 17 years old, how many push ups or pull ups should one do, considering that the person is fit?
Is it possible to workout hard (and do relatively heavy lifting) at 80 years of age, without needing testosterone replacement therapy?
Can I make it in the fitness industry?
What are some good hand-strengthening exercises for boxers?
How many days should I rest my leg?
How do I get my parents’ approval for lifting weights? I regularly squat 70–80 kg, just last week I was able to get 85 for 5.
Is it normal to not feel any soreness or pain after a quite intense strength training workout that left me sweating and breathing hard?
Can exercise make your body look worse?
Which type of yoga can increase the capacity of the cerebrum?
When is it better to drink water in the morning, before exercising or afterward?
Can a fat nose be converted into slim nose by some exercise? Please mention the exercise.
Which treadmill is good to purchase?
How can I lift with an injured back?
What is the best exercise for back pain?
How do abs work?
Does playing sports rather than exercising work?
Is alcohol good, when we practice regularly at the gym?
What's the difference between resting and exercise electrocardiograms?
How is Nitrro Fitness?
How do celebrities manage to work out during their travel?
What do you feel when you are squatting?
How do I combine calisthenics and lifting free weights? Should I do them both every single day or do them alternate days?
How can you treat knee pain after squatting down?
Is work out + martial arts too much?
Can I weight train 6 times a week?
What are some good exercises to reduce belly fat?
What is a “weightlifting exercise”?
Is it possible to get back into shape with just brisk walking, a good diet and light bodyweight exercises?
What percentage of macronutrients do I need if I want to get leaner?
How many times a week should I drink?
How does the heart rate and systolic and diastolic pressure change post-exercise, and why?
Is it necessary to work every muscle or only doing compounds is alright for now?
For building our muscles, should we repeat the same exercises for ages, or should we bring some variation to it? If so, how often should we change our exercises for a particular body part?
What would be your reaction if you saw a skinny teenager doing a fingertip push-up with a soda machine strapped to their back?
Is is preferable if I do my strength excercises in the morning and cardio excercises in the evening to get a flat stomach?
What are the Indian Army workouts every day? What kind of endurance workouts do they do daily? Can you give a full detail list of their workouts?
Can I go to the gym at age 42?
How does Logan build muscle? And shouldn't his bones start to deteriorate after losing the Adamantium implants?
I used to exercise with high reps and it made my muscles hard, why is it that working with lower reps keeps muscles soft (though stronger)?
Do men who work out a lot usually go out with women who work out a lot?
What are the major difference between bodyweight exercise and free weight exercise?
How can I lose my fat in a week without going to the gym?
Does Bale skip leg day?
Which is the best fitness tracker in budget?
If you're a runner, do you seek out other runners to run with when you travel?
Why are squats more important than any other bodyweight exercises?
What would be a hypothetical daily workout for a Broadway lead?
What is a Iyengar yoga class like?
With a combination of yoga & walking, how much weight can a person lose?
What changes did you observe in yourself after pursuing Yoga?
Can I do yoga for 3 days, plus 3 days of gym, and one day of sports?
What are the 3 best exercises for quick weight loss?
What is the best yoga burn program for women?
Is there any way I can push the limits of my physical fitness?
How can I build a pulley to do standing cable crunches in my home?
What bone strengthening exercises would you recommend for a sixty plus lady?
What are some periodized strength training program routines for size (hypertrophy) and strength (powerlifting and Olympic lifting) that I can do 4 days a week for 20 weeks?
Is exercise good after swimming?
What's the difference between resting and exercise electromyograms?
Can I mix yoga or asana with physical exercise?
Is a 1 hour and 30 minute commute too much?
How does the electromyogram change post-exercise, and why?
Is it possible to be explosive and do plyometric exercises at 80 or more years of age?
Is it okay if I do my strength exercises in the morning and cardio exercises in the evening for a flat stomach?
What is the relation between HGH and exercise?
I feel my abs under my fat, should I do more ab workouts or more fat burn?
Does bodybuilding and lifting heavy objects have a negative long term impact on joints and ligaments?
Which is a better way to lose weight, exercise or detox tea?
How do I maintain muscle mass while on vacation or on an overseas business trip?
If you lift weights in zero gravity do you still gain muscle?
What is the best fitness program at home?
How do I maintain muscle mass, when I am out of town for 2-3 months and don't have gym or any other equipments, eating everyday at hotel?
What is the way to increase the AMH hormone through exercise, medication or food?
How strong do I need to be to do push-ups?
How do I strengthen my sense of identity without counterproductively strengthening my ego?
Why isn't my vertical (jump) going up after several months of training?
What will happen if a gym going guy takes weed?
If I lift 2kg weights 150 times and 5kg weight 50-60 times (both arms included) twice a day, how long will it take for me to see a difference?
Is running a 9:04 mile time good for someone that is equal to me in physical shape?
I take mass gainer and workout in gym, I have got belly fat. How do I reduce it? (I maintain diet to increase my body weight)?
What is the best way to burn 3,500 calories in one day?
What are the best exercise to gain height quickly?
Why is there excessive body pain after the first day at the gym? Is it common?
What is the best exercise to make your neck broader?
What makes you stronger when exercising like a drink or protein?
Why are my shoulders so narrow?
What is the best reps/sets range for strength and muscle building for a 43-year-old person?
What are the best advices to warm up before a poker online session or before a live tournament?
Are you sore from barbell squat training?
What are some breathing exercises to improve stamina and let me hold my breath longer?
Is it advisable to do exercise and meditation in my room in the early morning?
What is a good exercise that can be done with a thick stick?
What are some good everyday workouts at home ( no equipments)?
What would be a basic running kit for winter?
How can a skinny boy get a muscular, broad waist?
How much running is best for a male?
Is it good to do gym before 18?
How do I prevent lower spine hurting when you do exercises?
How can I make my butt bigger? What should I eat to grow my butt, and what types of exercises should I do?
What is aerobic capacity and why is it important?
How do I get abs and a better body in minimal time?
What is the best exercise for girls to lose leg and thigh fat?
Why do you want to get lean?
Can I build a good physique by going to the gym and eating a regular Indian diet like roti, lentils and whole milk products?
What will happen to my legs if I run 10-15km per day? Is it harmful?
How could I create a balance between sleeping and exercising?
Which exercises in gym shouldn't be done by people who had suffered from VSD previously?
Is Hyper Blaze good for health if I want to decrease fat and make lean muscle?
Why does hard exercise makes me feel so alive?
How can I train myself to ride 100+ km on a bicycle at a stretch with one month of training?
How can you stretch to improve range of motion and mobility VS stretching for regaining lost range of motion/mobility?
What will be the investment for gym?
Can I become strong by doing pushups?
What time is ideal for a morning walk?
How far should I run to lose weight?
What’s your favourite workout music?
How do I transition from working out with a woman to seeing if she wants to experiment by going out on a date instead of just working out at the gym together?
Is a push-up/pull-up superset workout effective for muscle building?
Is exercising barefoot bad?
What are some of the best pilates poses for beginners?
The inward-facing parts of my calves become sore after running. How can I lessen this effect?
Is there a way to tone legs without bulking them?
Tim Ernst: Regarding the anabolic window myth, do you need to avoid consuming protein for an hour after lifting weights, or after any exercise?
How long should one wait to begin mild exercises like jogging, etc., post-gynecomastia surgery?
If the human body fights against threats, why doesn't it realize that doing no physical activity is dangerous to its health and motivate a person to go to the gym?
How long will it take me to train to walk 40 km for 4 days?
I'm thinking of committing to running a minimum of 1 mile every day. What are the pros and cons of this approach?
How many hours should we work out to burn 400 calories daily?
Should a fan be turned on or off during a workout?
What physical fitness workouts/exercises are beneficial to a guitarist?
How is it possible that when we lift a load and then put it down again, no work is done?
What are some good exercises for strengthening your upper body in regards to swimming?
What are the advantages of workout in gym?
Why do I shake so much when I lift weights?
What are some good monthly challenges in fitness for women to do at home?
Is it more beneficial to do body weight exercises (e.g. press-ups) when you wake up or before you go to bed?
Can a 16-year-old male grow three inches by exercising?
Why should you stop lifting heavy weights?
How can I get bigger arms? They are still sticks after 4 years of training.
How good are fitness bands?
Where can I find a good diet routine?
Is it necessary to lift your shoulders in the kickboxing fighting stance?
What is the recommended balanced diet (food plan) and exercises for someone in their 20s to stay active, healthy and loose fat naturally?
Does Smart Fit in Monterrey is a good gym?
How can I get addicted to yoga?
After a certain number of months in the gym, our body hits a plateau. How do you deal with it? What should one do, if they hit the plateau phase?
Does the dumbbell curl exercise grow muscles for girls?
Is it possible to gain enormous amounts of physical strength?
What do I do if I can not do a push up correctly?
I’m a beginner bodybuilder. How long should I workout my legs on leg day?
Does weighing a lot mean that pull-ups are harder?
Is it possible to build muscles and a good body by using only a pair of dumbbells (as there are no gyms in my place)? If so, how?
What are some free exercise to reduce soreness in the lumbar spinal cord? What causes this?
Is it possible to get skinny through cardio without building noticeable muscles? I want to loose weight but at the same time not build big muscles.
What are some exercises I can do in the gym for my injured shoulder (my left shoulder hurts when I bring it across my body and down to the right)?
What should I do to get better at calisthenics?
Why is there intense knee pain after a leg workout?
What are some exercises I can do every day in the morning?
As a teenager, how much weight should I lift, and can I lift more than my body weight?
Will working out everyday make your muscles grow faster?
How can you get buff fast at home?
How do I run the 1200m?
As a 60-kg guy, how much push-up reps and squat reps do I have to do to burn 100 calories?
How do I start to get fit after years of non-activity? What are the best routines?
What are some tips to make my run in the morning more effective?
How can I get wider biceps by pushups?
Which is valued more, a well-shaped, fit and muscular body or a flexible body?
Does a full body workout with weights help with muscle hypertrophy?
What are some of the best stretches for the pectoral minor muscle?
How can I improve my shoulder strength to improve throwing power?
If someone has unequal testis, then is he fit for an excise examiner post?
Which is best brand for workout wear?
Is it true that you cannot drop weight or inches beyond certain limit even if you exercise and diet continuously without cheating for 2-3 years?
Is there a diet/fitness regime for people 64 and over that actually works?
What is a good workout and diet plan for beginners?
Which one is better for lean muscle gain, Dbol or Anadrol? Is it safe?
What is the fastest 3 mile jog by a 58 year old man?
How long should your ab workout be?
What kind of food can I eat to build up my metabolism? What kind of exercises do I need to do to get rid of my belly?
Which racquet or ball games can be played alone and give a high intensity workout?
What are some effective self-affirmation exercises?
Is yoga connected with building muscle and power?
Can running or skipping rope on hard surface impact growth?
Does building muscle make you a faster runner?
What's the best way to gain muscle mass when you are already lifting heavy weights?
Why are daily walks and exercise good for stress, weight loss and depression?
How many sets and reps of hand-grip exercises should a beginner do at home?
Do chefs workout?
Is it okay to drink liquor a day after working out?
Is it possible to dumbbell curls 300-400 lbs for 25 reps?
What's a definitive way to test whether I've injured my anterior deltoid or the clavicle-attached portion of my pectoralis major, without scans?
What is your review of Arhatic Yoga?
What is 15 minutes daily workout/exercise to remain fit for girls?
Should I go to the gym before joining the NDA?
What are the effects of not working out for a week?
How do I improve my timing and endurance in running?
What exercises causes you to lose flexibility/gain tension?
How do I convert my cycle into gym cycle?
I can complete a 1600-meter race in 6.54 minutes. Can I complete this in 5.30 minutes? How can I improve my time?
Do you need to train your legs if you combine sprinting, walking on an incline, and cycling? Squats cause hemorrhoids and leg extensions damage the quadriceps tendon.
Will I lose muscle mass on a short cut?
My iliotibial bands are constantly tender. What are some proven corrective exercises, stretches, and treatments?
What fuels are used to produce energy in anaerobic exercise?
Does mental stamina build over time?
Why is my heart rate not increasing during exercise?
How can I manage to get fit and skinny as a 15yo?
What foods are good for anaerobic exercise?
What is the relationship between ritual and yoga?
How can I overcome knock knees?
As a 60 kg guy, how many jumping jacks do I have to do to burn 100 calories in 10 minutes?
What is it like working at Anytime Fitness?
How do I get motivated to start running and get fit?
What's more beneficial, a short, intense workout, or a longer, less strenuous workout?
How do I tell my dad that I can't do a chin up?
Will heavy weight lifting beneficial for beginners?
What are the health benefits of exercise?
What are some exercises that an amateur actor can do to improve his acting?
In a garden, which direction is better for healthy walking or jogging, clockwise or anticlockwise?
Is it fine to exercise while you’re not feeling well?
At the age of 30, I am able to do 15 push-ups in one go. Am I weak?
Can a skinny guy gain muscle with calisthenics with proper diet and recovery time?
Is it better to exercise in the morning or at night?
I have 6 months to get as fit as possible, does anyone have any tips?
Why does a strained muscle keep hurting suddenly after 3 weeks?
How do I lose tummy fat through exercise?
Should I start doing deadlifts?
What are some good workouts for teens?
How do I get better at calisthenics?
How can I break a 6-minute mile?
What is step fitting?
What piece of workout/fitness/mobility tool did you buy that is now collecting dust in the closet?
Why is daily revision of fuel price being exercised specifically in the cities of Puducherry, Vizag, Udaipur, Jamshedpur & Chandigarh to start with?
How can one skip marriage?
What is Connor Murphy's workout routine?
What are the must do exercises for students?
What's the true procedure of vaasi yoga?
Why am I burned out so easily during my workout?
What feats or milestones of fitness or strength could an "average joe" hope to achieve?
How are training regimens determined?
Can I take a whey supplement fat burner and a BCAA in the same day?
How many calories does an hour of high intensity cardio burn?
What do students in grade 7s need for their gym class?
What is the insanity workout like? What kind of diet should a female follow when doing that?
If a female that's 5 feet tall can run at a speed of 21.3 miles per hour, how much faster would a male of that same height be capable of running?
What is a stretching cylinder?
Where can you get a link for "The Shape of Voice"?
What are the best exercises for flat feet and fat calves?
Do you clench your jaw when weight lifting?
Does weight training lead to muscle loss and fat gain?
What are exercises that resist height?
What causes pain on your right knee after squatting down?
As a beginner in the gym, how should I work out? How can I stay motivated?
Have you observed anyone keeping his or her wristwatch 5, 10, or 15 minutes fast intentionally all the time in order to be on time for meetings?
How often should you do squats and "the big 4"? My training plan is chest & triceps, back & biceps, and legs & shoulders.
Workout routine: 30 minutes of light a workout every morning and 1 hour of a heavy workout on Mon., Wed., and Fri.? Does this work well for weight and muscle gain?
Is it true that exercising yields no real benefits until you've worked up a sweat?
Can I take coffee with water pre-workout? Any cons?
Is spotting in weight training necessary?
How do mini exercise bikes work?
How should I start exercising again after 5 years?
Should I lose weight and then gain muscle?
Which is more important for sprinting, hamstring or quadriceps?
How do I widen and lower my splits?
What's a good fitness program for a 16 year old to build muscle?
How do you build muscles if you can't afford to go to the gym?
How do I strengthen loose and flexible back muscles?
How is Yin yoga different from other types of yoga?
What is the correct form for a shoulder press?
Do I have a good workout plan?
How do I make my mouth significantly wider horizontally?
What are some low-impact workouts without equipment?
Can you get a lean physique by jumping rope? Does it build athleticism?
Can I build proper chest and shoulder without doing rod exercises and by only doing dumbell exercises?
Is it harmful to run daily?
Why do I not see any change in abdominal fat after 1 month in the gym?
How fast would someone have to run to burn the street?
How do I run a mile (1600m) in 5 minutes from 6:30 minutes within a month?
What's your favourite physique on a man?
Which exercises make your shoulders and biceps shrink in size?
Does stretching too much damage your muscles?
What are some different flex band exercises I can do for reducing upper body fat?
Why do people say sex is better than lifting weights? But, no, dude, I'm a 20-year-old virgin, and nobody can beat lifting weights.
How do I perform Urdhvareta yoga?
How do I do a front push kick properly?
Should I workout with heavy weights in the first set and light weights in the last set, or vice versa for optimum performance?
Why do most body builders hit the gym at 4 AM?
Which are the best ab exercises to do at home?
Is it normal to feel weak after stretching?
If I am a boy, then how can I be fit?
Is it better to start a workout with cardio and then proceed to strength training or is it logical the other way round?
Does cardio also burn the healthy fats in our body?
When you burn fat, where does it go?
How do I use negatives to increase my pull-up repetitions?
If someone does an hour of weight lifting, how many calories does that burn?
Can holding the down pushup position help gain muscle?
How can I lose weight at home without using any gym equipment?
Did I make a mistake? I ate 2 plate of noodles after I have worked out and now I am thinking to do fat burn exercises.
What is the best practice to exercise?
Is doing 500 push-ups a day enough to stay healthy?
Should I warm up before working out on a chest expander?
What do the different pull-up/chin-up grips do?
What is a recommended workout schedule for women to lose weight?
Why should a nurse teach preoperative breathing and coughing exercises?
Is it less beneficial to take breaks during exercise sessions?
Why do you hate to exercise?
What is a perfect and the best five-fingers exercise video for piano?
Which is better exercise, walking or biking to work? I live about 2 kilometers away from work and it is flat surface all the way.
What are the specific health effects of Pre-Workout?
What is the best way to chisel my abs?
How do strapless bras work?
Does exercise make one psychologically strong?
What is fitting?
What is the best exercise to do after dinner?
What are all of the basic facilities that should be provided by a gym?
Is it possible to get in shape in 3 months?
What is the best ab vacuum exercise?
What are the pros and cons of compound exercises?
What are the best workouts to reduce belly fat and make me look slim with good abs?
While weightlifting every day (or near enough), when should you fit in HIIT?
I workout every day, but today I'm not in the mood to workout. If I don't, I'll feel guilty. Is it ok not to work out?
What do you do to keep fit when you are sitting all day in a office?
How can someone be able to do cardio in a small space?
If one major muscle from your body vanished, which one would you want it to be?
Can intense workout make a person spiritual?
How old do you have to be to work out?
Does working out/weight training reduce double chins in men?
Can crossfit be a good alternative to circuit training in competitive rowing?
Are 15-inch biceps good?
How do I build my body at 18-years-old?
What’s better for losing weight from the midsection, weight lifting or high intensity cardio?
“At the limit of each stretch, breathe in and out three or four times, and try to relax.” What does this sentence related to exercise mean?
If I go from no exercise to running 1 mile a day without changing my diet, will I lose weight?
Do you keep your shoulders up in a fighting stance?
What's an all natural exercise to increase your size down below to build confidence?
What is the best free hand workout for fat loss and building a bit of muscle?
Is weight lifting all I need to do in order to lose about a pound or two of fat from the belly?
Is it important to wear a supporter while working out. I have been going to the gym for the last two years. Is it okay to not wear a supporter?
What's the importance of a preoperative breathing and coughing exercise?
How can I reduce my weight only taking herbal originals with light exercise?
Can my heart be sore after running?
How do I develop a fitness band app?
Which is the best exercise to lose weight for a male?
How do I strengthen my abs without hurting my spine?
What is the ideal height for exercise?
What single exercise works most muscles in your body?
What are some advanced gym exercise?
Walking with 4/5 of my usual speed, I miss the bus by 5 minutes. What is my usual time?
How can I maintain a flat stomach?
Can I start bodybuilding at 24? I am a 5'7," 50 kg, skinny Indian male. Can you share how to start if you’ve done it?
What are the basic and secondary functions of a home gym system?
Can you do sit-ups, go to the gym, and lift weights after a kidney transplant?
When does running stop hurting?
How much water should be taken before morning walk?
Which is better exercise, walking or biking to work? (It's 2 kilometers and flat surface all the way.)
Why is it I do not sweat even after jogging, does that makes my exercise ineffective?
How long will it take for our arms (biceps and triceps) to recover from a moderate workout?
What benefits can I get for doing 3 sets of 5-7 exercises with 40 seconds of rest between sets 3–5 times a week?
Is it okay to hit the gym for killing body fat knowing that after a month or two you won't be hitting it because of the lack of time from work?
How do I reduce fat on hips and belly?
How do I make a career in fitness or bodybuilding?
Is there any way to burn tummy and thigh fats to be slim in a month?
Which exercises can be done if you are about to conceive?
How can I firm up my body the fastest?
What are the important rules you need to know before you start lifting weights being a girl?
How can I always be in the same energetic mood I get into after workouts?
What’s the best fitness watch?
Would bodybuilders buy a hard sucking candy that acts as a pre-workout?
Would I lose muscle while juice fasting, even if I was working out with weights and cardio?
When barbell training alone, at home, absent a power rack, how does one continue to increase the weight one is lifting safely?
Will exercise help with saggy skin?
Why does doing exercise help you reduce stress?
Is it possible to gym to lose weight?
Everyone says that nothing happens in 1 month if you go to gym for 1 month. Is it true?
What are some alternative shoulder exercises that use dumbbells instead of a rod?
Is 7.5 miles considered a long distance to walk or run?
Can both leg workouts and kickboxing go together? Will I lose my flexibility?
How do I improve mental stamina?
How many miles a week should a 5k runner run?
Is it embarrassing for men to do butt-workouts? (Bodybuilding)
Are there any scientific books about exercise and dieting?
For his physical fitness regimen, a man decided to jog three times a week, swim twice, and ride his bike twice. If he will engage in only one of these exercise forms each day of the week, in how many ways can he schedule his weekly exercise schedule?
Are there any benefits of walking blindfolded?
When can I workout again after an extreme burnout?
Which exercises should an asthmatic patient do to lose weight?
Is working out with the same weight on all exercises bad?
How do I energise myself mentally without a rigorous exercise regime?
Is it advisable to use music as a break after reading so that you can continue in 30 minutes time?
How should I move my arms while running?
Which one is better, continuous jogging or jogging with a break?
How many calories do I burn while playing piano vigorously on my 3-hour solo gigs?
How do some people have so much stamina and energy for work?
What mistakes do young men make while weight lifting in the gym?
How do I improve my sprinting speed? I've tried jogging a lot, but I've really only increased my stamina.
Will my running hurt my strength?
How many calories do I burn when I swim one mile (it takes me one full hour to swim one mile). And how many calories do I burn when I walk 3 1/2 miles?
What’s the best method to lose about 1 or 2 pounds of fat from my belly to start working on my abs?
Can you suggest some simple yogasanas, which can make a person physically fit?
I’m a 42-year-old bodybuilder. What should my weightlifting routines be for leg day and my upper body workout? How many hours each day?
Is cardio a waste of time if I’m trying to get cut?
How can I implement a leg workout while having hemorrhoids on my family's genetic code?
How do I inspire my wife to exercise regularly?
What's the best weekly routine if I have to play squash, do HIIT running for 20 mins, do a chest workout, and get the most out of them all?
How do I do certifications in yoga?
What asanas should I follow to lose weight through yoga?
What's the best way to increase cardio performance?
Does a week of bad eating and no exercise give you noticeable belly fat?
Can a member bring a partner to Anytime Fitness?
What are the most effective warm-up exercises for guitar?
If an athlete were to reach his physical peak and then stop exercising regularly, how long (roughly) would it take for him to reach his peak again?
How can I stop losing circulation in my arms during chair dips?
Can I have some reasons that my parents should pay $20 a month for a gym membership for me?
What is the best exercise to lose weight for men in India?
What are the benefits and reasons for doing different types of Bicep Curl?
Is it possible to gain muscles (mostly on the lower body) without weight lifting and by having a healthy diet?
Why do leg day? Why not add leg workouts to your daily strength routine?
Is it appropriate to go to the gym twice a day?
Fitness-wise, what does it mean if I can hold an exceptional reverse plank, but can't hold a regular plank for longer than 5 seconds?
Does walking work out the whole body?
What is the best way to loosen up tight muscles?
Should I do abs exercises to tone my abdominal area (I have 14-16 percent body fat)?
How do I strengthen my jiggly triceps?
What can I do to transform my body in 6 months?
Why can't I pull ten chin-ups in a row even after a lot of training? What is the right technique for doing chin-ups?
Should I practice breathing exercises on a full stomach?
Will I still burn more number of calories if I take more time sprinting than jogging per km (due to higher rest time)?
If we jog for 10 minutes 3 times a day, will it be equivalent to 30 minutes of jogging in one go?
Can I rely on Heely shoes as a form of transportation?
Do I have to focus my workout on a particular part of the body to lose that part's fats quicker?
What are some gym hacks to lose fat that a trainer won't tell you?
Can weight training alone burn fat?
How should I exercise each side of my brain (separately)?
Is it better to run once a day, or once every other day? Which is better for endurance training?
Can you get a little cut up from doing push-ups/pull-ups with dumbells at home?
What are some good collarbone exercises?
Will lifting weights make girls have crushes on me?
Has working out ever helped you in an altercation?
Is it advisable to consume electrolytes during workouts?
What are the benefits of doing 100 push-ups a day?
Why can't I pull 10 chin-ups in a row even after a lot of training? I am stuck at 8 chin-ups. What am I doing wrong?
Currently I can run 6 km in 40 min. How long will it take for me to reduce the time to below 30 if I do this daily?
What do you think was Shri Hanuman's workout regimen?
What are some effects of doing intense cardio for 2 hours every day?
Is it possible to increase my max running distance by 1 mile over a duration of one week?
Can I prevent my feet and ankles from hurting after running and walking for 4 hours straight?
How can I prevent my shoulders from becoming broader as a result of my workouts?
Assuming that you jog on your 3 HP home treadmill 2 hours daily, how long will its motor & belt last?
For how long do we need to move the hula hoop around the waist for proper abs?
What is the best trampoline park of Mississauga?
What's the difference between BodyPump and "Barbell Strength" at Lifetime Fitness?
Which ten-minute exercises can I do in my room in order to keep myself fit, even after having had a cesarean section?
What kind of exercise should you do after a hysterectomy?
What diet do Indian sportsmen/athletes follow to keep them fit?
Are there any workout routines that are still effective with a simple diet plan?
How do I need to change my exercise routine to accommodate fasting?
What is the cardiovascular equivalent to squatting 405 lbs for 50 reps?
What are the best exercises to get back to running after an ACL surgery?
What is better, jogging for 25 minutes or walking for 1 hour?
How do I convert lean muscle to bulky muscle?
What are the benefits of Yin Yoga?
What does a male in his twenties need nutritiously every day for his body?
How do I burn fat and keep it off naturally?
Why does my breath taste like bananas when I'm tired or exercising?
What is more beneficial, running or going to the gym?
Can exercise make us taller?
What workout do I do the day after a full body workout?
What is good custom workout routine to achieve an aesthetic physique for an ectomorph?
How do I get a fit body and lose weight?
What can I do to make my butt bigger besides exercise and invasive surgery?
Why do our muscles tire from static exercise?
What diet or exercise schedule should I follow as a teenager in order to lose weight?
Why sweating occurs during exercise & fever even when the atmospheric temperature is below 0' C?
Has anyone done the exercises present after the tutorials on TensorFlow?
What workout can I do for legs while having hemorrhoids catching me in my family's genes?
Is 100 pushups a day enough to stay healthy?
How do I fix crooked/uneven abs?
Can Arnold, or other bodybuilders, be regarded as an epitome for overall fitness (not just strength, flexibility, and mobility)?
What are the best exercises to gain muscle after knee meniscus surgery?
Is it beneficial to train the same muscles/muscle groups every day at the gym?
I enjoy working out. How do I best equalize the strength between my left and right arms?
What should be the diet for an office worker who gets to workout 2 days a week?
Which is the best workout music ever?
Why do I feel sick after weight training?
Does heavy workout terminate pregnancy?
How many calories do burpees burn for a guy who weighs 90kg?
I’m a thalessemia intermedia patient. I want to join a gymnasium. Is that safe for me? What precautions/exercises/diet should I follow?
How do you get back to exercising after a back injury and gout attack?
Is it bad that I’m exhausted after fast walking and jogging for 4 hours straight?
What does HIIT do on rest days when bulking?
What is the most effective workout for a tummy muffin?
What is the best sequence of an abs workout, yoga, and pranayama? Can we do it all?
What cardio exercise make you sweat the most?
What is a good training plan to prepare for DIII Track & Field?
Is it okay to do a twice a day × 7 days a week home work out?
What increases one's chance of death more, 10 minutes riding a street bike, or 10 minutes spent in a tanning bed?
Would you use a pre-workout sucking candy if you liked the ingredients?
What will happen if I eat only salad for a week and do fasted cardio? Will I lose fat?
What are the best, tried workouts for women during monthly cycle?
Does a dose of 20mg/day of corticosteroids for 2 months in an adult female need a withdrawal regimen? And if yes, what's the regimen?
Why should I start lifting weights in life?
Do you think that walking 5 miles a day is worth it for you?
What's the quickest way to put on lean body mass?
Which one is better, gym or jogging?
Is it alright to have a fling with someone you find attractive but works out in the same gym that you work in?
Is it normal to get “thuds” in my chest?
What causes you to start working out?
Until what age can one do a one hour work out in the gym?
What is yoga muthra?
What are the precautions while doing yoga to lose weight?
Why does sex feel better than lifting heavy weights?
Why did I suddenly become a fitness freak?
On my rest day, I had to do a lot of tiring work; I was really tired afterwards. Even on my workout day, I felt seriously tired. Should I exercise?
What are the effects of exercise on cardiac function, ECG and EMG and why?
Should I eat chickpeas before workout?
How do I get rid of excess fat? What is the proper diet and exercise regimen to be followed?
Is running (6+ mph) considered moderate or vigorous exercise?
Should I eat sprout before exercise?
How do I gain discipline and force myself to do even the bare minimum of exercise?
What is the difference between using a treadmill at a higher incline (14) but lower speed (6) as compared to a lower incline and high speed?
How much kg should be lifted in dumbbells by 15-16 year old boys?
How can I reduce/lose hips fat without losing body muscle?
How much weight should I lift?
How do I manage with 2 days workout?
Which is the best workout plan to achieve a single digit body fat percentage, without going to the gym, for a person with 20% body fat?
Can you give me a workout routine?
What are the types of exercises I should be doing after coming back from a broken leg?
How do I train for a 2 mile race?
Which exercises can help me to jump higher and higher?
When is the best time to workout if I'm intermittent fasting?
What are the main causes for overtraining?
Are​ cardio exercises fit for a 12 year old child?
Why are supplements so necessary while we do intense workout?
How are bandhas helpful in yoga therapy?
What is a good 7 minute stretch programme?
What is the best exercise for strenghten eyesight?
I was advised that pro-form has a pretty good gym equipment, where I can find any discount for this?
Does cardio help you lift weights?
How many reps should I do if I want to increase my muscle mass?
At the age of fifty-plus what type of exercise is useful for a male?
What are the best plyometric exercises to jump higher?
In what ways does exercise stimulate cardiac function?
I’ve been eating healthy and exercising for over 2 months now. I don't see results yet. How long does it actually take? I actually feel kind of bloated.
Can I make progress if I only go to the gym once a week?
Can cardio and toning exercises induce arousal and orgasms?
How do I build muscle at 15 without loosing my abs?
What are some good ways to get stronger without going to the gym?
How many workout studios are there in Chicago?
When does the exact transformation occur for gym beginners?
Can I lose fat by only working out my abs, without changing my diet too much?
Do you find that you need 10 minutes to yourself each day after getting home before engaging with your spouse or family?
Which workout routine and diet should I follow to gain strength?
What are some of the recommended yoga positions for beginners?
What is the best exercise video series for increasing stamina and general fitness?
Do construction workers/removalists stretch/warmup before heavy lifting?
What is the best summer workout?
Which is better, sprints and exercises or yoga?
What are some tips that can help me make my hips wider?
What is the ideal time that an amateur should take to jog or run 6 km?
What is the best way to combine running and weightlifting to provide optimal improvement in both?
Can I do exercises after dinner?
Should I wear gloves when doing pull ups?
At the gym, the staff either forces me to take a personal trainer or won't instruct at all. I don't feel like going to the gym. How do I handle this?
Can I get my body in good shape/posture by walking around 5,000 steps everyday?
What is an aesthetic and strength workout program?
How can I adjust my penis during Sarpasana, the snake posture, in Yoga?
Should I do cardio while bulking?
How should a diabetic work out? What should be the precautionary measures one should take?
What should I do if I increase in weight but not in muscle?
What are some aspects of fitness?
When should I fit pilates into my training? Main goal: Training for a 10 mile.
Which yoga exercises help pancreas to secrete more insulin to the blood stream & at the same time reduce the amount of glucose by liver?
How long will I grow in a month if I swim for 30 minutes a day at the age of 16?
Can planks help one lose tummy fat?
Where does energy for a workout come from, burning fat or recently eaten food?
What is your best Yoni Yoga experience?
What makes more physiotherapists and doctors recommend pilates over yoga for rehabilitation?
As a teenager, will I get any gains if I do a full-body workout thrice a week? I also play football.
What workout plan should I follow if I want to jump higher?
Is the boxing speed ball good for toning the upper body?
In America, why isn't rope-climbing a common exercise in P.E classes anymore?
Should mild anorexics exercise on empty stomachs before breakfast and eat low-carb diets to prevent Alzheimer's?
Which is the best exercising machine to buy to reduce tummy fat?
What are some daily exercises that can improve my mathematical aptitude?
Whenever I exercise, I get really exhausted and tired. I had to stop many times in between 7-minute workouts to catch some breath. What's wrong with me?
Is running 10 km twice a week enough?
Should we do meditation before running, or after running, in the morning?
How do I maintan a body built in gym with less gym time?
Will using the Smith machine for squats grow my shoulder/trapezius muscles?
What is the best thing to drink when working out at a gym?
Are people who eat healthy but never exercise really healthy?
How can I work legs with a hamstring injury, when I can't deadlift or squat?
How many workout studios offer TRX classes in Chicago?
Could a person with low-level super strength exist (e.g., a mutation that would allow them to lift 1000 pounds)?
I've recently started to go to the gym but I don't know how many sets and reps of each exercise I should do. Should I use the 4-2-4 technique?
How can I put on weight without eating properly and exercise?
Is it good to go to a gym after ACL surgery to build up leg muscle?
Do ab exercises increase your digestive power and hunger?
Will doing chin ups, push ups, sit ups and squats for 4 days a week as well as running 3-4KM for 3 days a week make me stronger and a better athlete?
Why do I feel pain above my kneecaps and leg shakes at the end of reps while squatting or doing leg presses?
Is it doable to walk for 2 hours to run an errand, then walk back home the same way, for a total of 4 hours?
What is the fastest way to get into shape and exercise after being extremely out of shape and lazy?
How do I increase my stamina/body strength? Is there a diet supplement for it?
How do I get rid of belly fat and develop muscles?
Why do football players run on treadmills?
How can I increase the reps for the one-arm chin up?
What does squeezing your glutes do?
What exercise should I do when I'm on a vacation and I can't do much exercise?
Does muscle only grow on rest days?
I'm kind of skinny-fat and I want to get more toned without losing weight or gaining fat. What's the best workout/diet for this as a 20-year-old girl?
Can HIIT burn fat faster than steady-state cardio?
Does being sore after exercise mean I'll get stronger?
What is the best apps to track water intake and exercise on iPhone?
How many laps do I have to run/walk around my house to equal 2 miles?
Why has my height not increased since last year despite regular exercise and diet?
How would you workout only using children's playground equipment?
Is drinking Monster Energy safe after a workout?
What are the benefits of continuous vs interval training?
Will I be okay with just heavy squats and deadlifts? I prefer dumbbell press. I do bodybuilding/bodyweight hybrid for the rest of my body.
Does mowing a yard so big that it takes about 6 hours, plus weed eater work, burn calories? How many calories does it burn?
Which home gym cycle should I buy, with a max budget of 10K?
Why are my calves and arms increasing despite three days of cardio and three days of weight training, and even a proper diet?
What are some advantages of exercises?
Which workout routine would you suggest for someone who has already spent 7 months in the gym doing full body and upper-lower body splits?
How can I increase my body strength/stamina?
Is there a reason to do squat using Smith machine, but standing inches in front of the bar?
Which are the best workout exercises for forearm?
What are some good exercises to help build your strength back up in your back after having a tumor removed from your upper back?
Why it is always recommended to do cardio 4-5 times a week? Is it harmful to do 6-7 times/week?
If your kidney function drops, say, 6o%, is it possible to go back up with agood diet and exercise?
Why am I getting weaker day by day?
What are some workout motivational images?
When is the time to workout?
What is the lifespan of a treadmill motor& belt?
How do I operate a gym?
What is the best way to take massive action?
What is the best sport for good thighs and lean hips?
Will push ups and sit ups every night plus cardio 5 days a week will give me a toned body in 3 months?
What are some good training exercises for deduction?
Will doing squats (with no weights) improve my performance in soccer in any way?
What would be a good exercise plan to follow after coming back from a leg injury?
What workout can I do at home in order to build muscles in a short amount of time?
Does lifting weights feel better than sex?
What is the correct way to grip a pull-up bar?
I work out twice a week. What can I do at home between sessions to increase my results?
What is the best HIIT workout that can be done at home to lose belly fat?
Can you do 'sit ups' standing up?
Can pushups lead to bigger manboobs, as it always happens with me?
How can I reduce my belly fat & love handles (I'm 129 lbs.) but also gain muscle simultaneously if I'm doing at at-home workout with dumbbells & body weights?
Why is my upper body square type?
How can I consistently improve my lifting while building running mileage? (nutrition, sleep, recovery, lifting tips)
What would happen if you train a certain exercise with negatives only?
Is there an app to find an exercise partner in Kolkata?
Can we do push-ups during a Bell's palsy episode?
What is the best fitness guru or program to help a skinny guy gain muscle and strength?
Can I prepare for a 1/2 marathon in 6 months without giving up cycling and weights in the gym?
How can I make my thighs bigger?
Is it bad to have a workout method where I bench, back, abs, then legs?
What are the major physiological changes in our body during exercise, and why do they occur?
How does too much exercise accelerate aging?
Is it normal to have stiffness in one’s lower back after exercising and jogging, after recovering from a lower back stress fracture even after 4 months of rest?
Why do I always feel dizzy and nauseous while working out in the gym in the morning?
Can I mix pressed flax oil and orange with coffee as a pre-workout drink?
Will jogging get me abs if done daily?
Is it good or bad to sleep after a morning workout?
What workout is better for losing weight from the midsection? High intensity cardio, circuit training or cardio?
How long before I grow taller if I swim for 30 minutes a day?
What are some effective exercises to reduce facial fat?
How many reps and sets should I do for muscle growth? I'm only using machines and cables right now.
Is it bad if I do yoga with cardio for weight loss?
Is it possible to get a flat stomach by ignoring ab workouts?
Can calisthenics build rear delts?
How do you increase your stamina?
Do humans defecate more after exercise?
Who would be the strongest character in Overwatch at weight lifting?
Which exercise is better for getting slim, crunches or plank?
Are there other websites like SQLZOO with numerous SQL exercises?
Are ab exercises effective and safe for the back?
What are some good fat burning HIIT routines on a spin bike?
What's the steepest incline that a human can walk up?
What do the lines "sitting with the poison takes away the pain" mean in Coldplay's Up and Up song?
What are some things you don't like about commercial gyms?
What is a good workout for strength when you only have access to a bench press with leg curls, 2 dumbbells, a pull-up bar, and an EZ curl bar?
What are crunches and sit-ups good for?
How do I train my core and back?
How can a lean guy reduce excessive chest fat?
How do I get that V-shaped torso like Cristiano?
Is cardio bad for abs?
What should I do when I go to the gym after my depression?
How do I increase my body stamina, and what food should taken?
Where can I find a workout plan which will help my long distance running and strength development?
Which workout can I follow for strength?
What is the best abs workout (within 2 weeks)?
What are the most effective circuit excercises (i.e. Push-ups, tricep-dips etc)?
With eye pencil push exercise, is the point of double vision good or bad?
What Is the best way to promote at home yoga classes?
Why are the last muscles of the ventricles, which depolarize, the first ones to repolarize, while it is the other way around in the case of atrial muscles?
What are body weight exercises for the hamstring?
What is the best workout routine to build strength and mass?
What are some exercise for power yoga and meditation?
What is the best way to.promote at home yoga classes?
How can I train myself to do knuckle push ups, considering I am already able to do many "regular" push ups?
Does Vivek Mittal recommend a full body workout?
How much would you recommend wearing a fitness band to the gym?
How do I plan a workout while doing a 5 PM - 2 AM shift?
Why do I shake after weight training?
How do I go from running a 9 minute mile to a 6 minute mile?
What is the best way to increase physical strength and be able to do more pushups?
Do pull-ups and ab workouts damage the growth height for a 15 year old boy?
I want to burn fat at the same time wish to gain size. What should I do?
Can you do push ups twice daily? I do 3 sets of 15 in the morning. I feel like I can do more.
If you do the same exercise every day does it burn fewer calories?
How do I get a toned belly?
Does crunches really work for building abs?
What is the yoga diet?
What were the most fit and least fit Presidents in terms of BMI? What is the ranking of all 45?
I'm going to deadlift 200 pounds x 100 reps in one set. What injuries will I be most prone to?
What are the effects of exercise on the bones?
Do you do yoga or exercise every day?
What exercises should I do to lose fat?
Why does the Army continue to do sit-ups during PT. Don't they wreak your back?
Which is the best method for fat loss and muscle building? Please see details.
Should I eat after or before workout?
What are some good exercises to build strength without using weights and machines?
Do the gym exercises increase the size of bones?
Will people respect me more and not bully me if I lift heavy weights and get massive?
How can I increase the size of my eyes with exercise?
Can I fit in some short sprints during my mileage build-up and base training phase, or would it peak me too early?
Is it possible to do a heavy workout after a collar bone fracture? If yes, after how much time?
When a man with a nicely toned and muscular body with abs is at the beach, how likely is it that he'll get attention?
Is it better for a 42-year-old to lift weights 5 days a week or 6 days a week?
Is it worth spending 30 thousand plus to lose weight at Shathayu Ayurveda?
Can I take L-arginine before a workout?
How exercise improves our memory?
How do I sort out my workout routine?
What are the health care tips after 50 to keep ourselves fit all the time keeping away diseases?
What are some creative ways to do crunches and sit-ups?
Which cardio exercise can be done at home without any equipment?
What is the best exercise to lose 10 kg in 20 days?
Is it true that chest dips are better than the bench press for strength and power?
How do I define my muscles and work on my speed and vertical at the same time?
Is it possible to develop a good body in 1 week?
What are the benefits of neurobic exercises?
How do I include strength training in my daily workout?
How good is hula hooping for your abs?
Do you use exercise as a means of "escape?"
Am I supposed to eat more protein food on my workout day or my rest day?
Is it safe for a bodybuilder to do leg day every day that he does his regular workout?
What is kickboxing like as an option for staying fit?
What feels better from a male perspective? Lifting weights or having sex?
How do I achieve V-shaped lower abs if I am skinny?
At what age did you start yoga?
How should I maintain strength/muscle mass while leaning down?
How can I obtain elite-level strength and speed?
How many calories will we burn if we lose 100 grams of weight?
Can I get lean thighs by walking 3 hours daily? I'm a girl.
Which exercise can I do to reduce my thighs without losing my chubby cheeks?
What is the best workout program balancing strength training, weight training, and aerobics for lean muscle and to stay fit?
Should I go on a cut?
What are the benefits of doing 15 minutes of cardio a day?
Why does the strength-to-weight ratio of Diecast parts increase with decreasing wall thickness?
What are the benefits of lifting weights in your 20s? Will it have people staring at me in stores, like young women?
What are the best exercises for a smoker?
What foods and exercises should I do to grow taller during late puberty?
What do Miranda Kerr wear during workout?
Can running reduce facial fat?
As a fitness beginner, I am having a little trouble lifting weights. I can do about 10-12 reps of dumbbell curls on my right hand, but not on my left. Why?
What is the optimal work-out schedule for curls?
Where can I get plain longline gym vests online?
How do I maintain flexibility of my body when I'm working out regularly?
Should I still workout my chest if it is sore?
Why are my shoulders so narrow?
Until what age can one do a one hour work out in the gym?
What is a good plan for senior fitness?
How can I practice mantras and yoga at home?
How can I work up to being able to do beginner spinal stretches in yoga?
Why can't I find the energy and motivation to work out?
What are the type of people who prefer indoor cycling as a form of exercise?
Is 28 too late to get healthy and in shape?
What is one tip you have for me to make my deadlift get stronger?
If those who are against treadmill running were to live in a place with an extreme climate, would they still run outdoors?
What are the best and easiest dishes for an obese person looking to begin losing 20kg of fat? I’m looking to lose weight before exercising.
What are some helpful tips/hacks to go up in weight in strength training?
What are some basic calisthenics exercises?
Is it hard and scary to ride a push scooter?
What is your preference, fitness training or yoga, and why?
How can I get a decent 6-pack and muscular body in 2 months?
What should be my workout plan if I am skinny and just want to look good in shirts & T-shirts? I can’t lift heavy and I have limited time & protein.
Why is my strength of lifting weights not increasing even though I am gymming regularly?
Is cycling better than running to reduce thigh fat?
To what extent can light aerobic exercise lower blood pressure?
How do I transform my body like Sahil Khan?
How do I know if I am gaining muscle?
It takes me almost an entire year to read and do only 1/4 of the exercises, so how do CLRS book authors design those exercises and problems?
What music/song should I be listening to while running or working out?
How do I workout?
How do I prevent lower spine hurting when you do exercises?
How effective are isometric exercises?
How many times a week do you need to change your socks?
What could be the possible side effects on my health if I stop going to gym after a year or two of joining?
Can I successfully recomp my body with solely yoga?
Can someone make me a really hard core workout?
0n a treadmill, is speed or elevation more effective?
What is the perfect weekly workout plan to gain muscle at a fast pace? Currently, I workout all of my muscles, except my shoulders and legs, twice a week.
How do you learn how to master an aerial hoop?
Is standing punishment good for one’s health?
Is spotting in weight training necessary?
Is 6 minutes and 23 seconds a good mile time for a 13 year old?
What is the best way to run so you don’t injure your knees?
Is it enough to do a 10 minute bodyweight exercise and then run for 10 to 15 minutes to lose weight and belly fat?
Should I lose weight and then gain muscle?
What is the fastest way to get 6-pack abs?
If a man never works out, what will happen to him? Will he live a shorter life than the men who work out regularly?
Why can’t I lose weight even after brisk walking?
How many calories does doing a plank burn?
Which is more important for sprinting, hamstring or quadriceps?
What mistakes do young men make while weight lifting in the gym?
If I eat like a pig and lift heavy weights, will I gain muscle faster than if I babied my nutrition and didn't get enough excess calories?
Why don't more people take ice baths after exercising?
Is it true that increasing the repetitions of workout and not the weight helps in building cuts?
Is there any park near Velachery for jogging?
Will going to the gym affect my body negatively as I am a fast bowler?
Should I workout or study first after school?
Who would be the strongest character in Overwatch at weight lifting?
Which is the best beginner gym workout routine to build muscle and lose fat for a 32 year old male?
Do leg muscles build stamina?
How can I lose fat and build lean muscle without counting macros?
Can I make progress if I only go to the gym once a week?
What is the physiological reason as to why each post-knee-surgery exercise hurts initially for 2-3 days, then stops, until the difficulty is increased?
Is it good to eat a boiled egg before my workout?
How do you adjust your workout routine when you are cutting weight?
What is the best and safe exercise for a teenager to increase chest width?
What's a good diet and exercise to have to get ready for basic training?
How do you get flat abs in a month?
What are some basic workouts/stretches to be flexible?
If you hang two heavy weights on ropes in a very deep well, say 12km, would they come together or stay the same distance apart?
Can I use a home pull-up bar if I weigh 250 lbs?
How does one prepare an allergy-friendly, fat-burning meal?
Why don't women bench press?
What's the best and fastest way to get a flat stomach?
Does my cardio routine (30 minutes on the treadmill, alternating 1 min intense exercise with 3 min rest) meet the criteria for effective HIIT?
What are some good ways to go from skinny to fit?
How can I make my calf muscles bigger?
How has yoga changed your life?
Why does my gym instructor despise cardio?
I'm a high school junior, and haven't grown much since 7th grade. I'm only 5'4", 120lbs, and I don't exercise often. Is it too late for me to grow?
If you are trying to lose weight in two weeks, lifting weights, doing squats, Zumba, and walking, and drinking plenty of water, does this help?
How do I learn CrossFit without a trainer?
How fast would someone have to run to burn the street?
What can I do, when my right chest is bigger than my left chest?
If you could only do two chest exercises, which two would you do?
How can I lose weight fast without much change in diet and with exercise?
I'm thinking of committing to running a minimum of 1 mile every day. What are the pros and cons of this approach?
What is the chest size of John Abraham with pump in the movie Force?
If your muscle sore is healed and you continue on working out, but it never comes back, does that mean your work out is no longer effective?
What kind of physical exersice can I do to be strong and fat?
Is it appropriate to go to the gym twice a day?
What is the difference between predicting a 10 second or 1 minute return and predicting a 5 minute or even 30 minute return in futures/stocks?
How do I grip the bar on a back squat?
How do I get really big muscles at home without gym equipment?
What is the best elliptical/cross trainer machine for the home in India?
Can I get my body in good shape/posture by walking around 5,000 steps everyday?
How can one lose belly and butt fat?
Why does lean body mass fluctuates everyday?
Is going to a gym the best way to get in shape? Or can you get in shape by just using your own body and minimal equipment?
How often should I do very heavy deadlifts for strength?
Should I buy a fitness band?
Why are the last muscles of the ventricles, which depolarize, the first ones to repolarize, while it is the other way around in the case of atrial muscles?
How much should you increase in your workout volume at every workout?
Why do wrists hurt while doing a downward dog yoga position?
What type of exercises are preferred for spondylolisthesis patients?
How do I gain strength, only pure strength?
If we eat like beasts and exercise for 1 hour without stopping, what will happen?
What are some of the best ab workouts at home and with no equipment?
Is weight lifting good to lose weight?
Will I lose my gains if I train only one muscle group per week?
Why do cramps develop after vigorous exercise?
What kind of exercises will build an 8-pack abs?
After a certain number of months in the gym, our body hits a plateau. How do you deal with it? What should one do, if they hit the plateau phase?
How can I lose weight at home without using any gym equipment?
What is an effective gym workout for an athletes who is trying to gain muscle mass and keep his body fat percentage low?
Is it possible to gain enormous amounts of physical strength?
After a week of doing yoga, especially inhaling and exhaling, I feel some sort of sound or movements at the back of my anus. What could that be?
If I work out and don't wipe away the sweat, making it seep back into my pores, will it render the workout useless?
Can I work out my abs using just a pair of dumbbells?
What body proportions are best for endurance running?
What do the different pull-up/chin-up grips do?
How can I reduce my belly fat and waist size from 35 to 28 or 29 as they keep on increasing even though I workout?
Is it possible to build muscles and a good body by using only a pair of dumbbells (as there are no gyms in my place)? If so, how?
What do you think was Shri Hanuman's workout regimen?
Why do I feel so turned on after working out on my legs?
Is it possible to lose weight and build muscle through weight training only?
Should mild anorexics exercise on empty stomachs before breakfast and eat low-carb diets to prevent Alzheimer's?
What is the best exercise routine that may be done daily at home for 10 minutes for all round fitness?
Do I have to lose fat to build muscle?
How can I get my hip fat back?
What are some healthy food habits and exercises for full time working professionals to lose weight?
Is there any point in me doing sports/exercise?
Which is the better gym - Solid Fitness or Fitness One?
Is there any actual advantage or disadvantage of having eight pack abs or four pack abs rather than six?
What should I do If I am a student and don’t get time for exercise?
How do I put up weight and become fit by being vegetarian and without going to the gym?
How many times a week I can do full Sudarshan Kriya in follow up sessions? Is there any side effect if I do it 4 to 5 times a week?
I'm going to deadlift 200 pounds x 100 reps in one set. What injuries will I be most prone to?
What do you feel when you are squatting?
Should I do cardio at the beginning and the end of my 2-hour workout?
How do I get rid of muscular thighs and calves?
What is the cardiovascular equivalent to squatting 405 lbs for 50 reps?
How can I increase muscle size and strength with bodyweight training or by lifting everyday objects (bags instead of barbells, etc)?
If you had a five minute break every day at work, how would you spend it?
How can I feel a runner's high again?
Are people who eat healthy but never exercise really healthy?
Does basketball count as high-intensity interval training?
Can I weight train 6 times a week?
Is mental strength and resolve is as important as physical strength?
What are the benefits of performing aerial yoga at home?
Is yoga really a good way to lose weight? I've seen many fat people who are really good at yoga.
Do ab exercises increase your digestive power and hunger?
Can intense workout make a person spiritual?
What is better: a push/pull split or a body part split?
What are the simple but important exercises I should do if I am a teenage girl?
How long will it take before I observe changes in my body if I have started doing normal push-ups regularly, and am gradually increasing their number?
Is it necessary to work every muscle or only doing compounds is alright for now?
How can I increase the strength of my triceps?
How heavy is too heavy to stop growth?
Why aren't you exercising right now?
Was yoga originally meant to be a form of physical exercise?
Which is more important for muscle building: more weight and more/less reps or less weight and more/less reps?
Why are daily walks and exercise good for stress, weight loss and depression?
If you had a virtual platform at your fingertips to give you guidance on nutrition/training/yoga/Pilates/etc., would you use it?
What is the best aerobic workout to follow online?
Why do people stop going to the gym?
Can I see incredible changes in my body if I box 5 times a week for 4 months? Currently I'm 72kgs, 21% body fat (age 22).
I workout 4 times/week (weights and HIIT). Last week I didn't work out and ate freely. Why did I get thinner/more toned (closer to my goal)?
Is spinning 60-90 mins per day enough for noticeable results?
Can a fat person go longer without food than a fit muscular person?
What kind of exercise will get me a body like Cameron Dallas?
How do I program a HealthStream GS1195T endurance treadmill?
My G.I. Bill benefits will run out before I use it all. I did over 90 days of active duty in 2012. How do I reset the timer and extend my benefits?
What exercises would you recommend to get in shape for surfing?
What workout can I do for legs while having hemorrhoids catching me in my family's genes?
Can I walk and go to the gym everyday?
Why do the muscles above and to the sides of my mouth contract when I swing my arms in full, forward circles?
Is working your way out with exercises, not appropriate during your period bubs?
How do you breathe when you go jogging?
How do I exercise?
Does Compression (& Copper added) really work for sore muscles & other ailments?
What body parts should I exercise to become a lead guitarist?
Does the Fat Cutter, suggested by Vivek Mittal on his YouTube channel Fit Tuber, work if I am not doing any physical exercise?
Is it odd that I am able to gain muscle with very little exercise?
What’s more important, an 8 hour good night sleep or exercising in the morning?
Why do those who do cardio most of the time yet very minimal weight lifting still build muscles and a nice body?
Why can't I run at all?
Is it possible to run a marathon with no training at all?
Can we go to the gym after swimming?
Is a glass of red wine equivalent to an hour at the gym?
Is a 15 km walk per day enough to lose a stone (14 pounds or 6.35 kg.) in 6 weeks, along with a good diet?
I’m a thalessemia intermedia patient. I want to join a gymnasium. Is that safe for me? What precautions/exercises/diet should I follow?
What kind of gym do most med students go to (e.g., CrossFit/usual gyms/boxing)? How long & how many times a week do they go to the gym to maintain their daily study schedules?
Why do my legs feel shaky after exercise?
Is Ensure a good post-workout drink?
Is it more beneficial to do a 1 minute or 2 minute farmer's walk?
What is the best exercise routine for a skinny 13-year-old?
What if I skip gym on day 1 and the next day I do both day 1 and 2 exercises?
How do I maintain muscle mass while on vacation or on an overseas business trip?
What (full body) exercises can I do to come back stronger in general from a foot injury rehab process (Achilles tear)?
I have been having a sore lower back, which just escalated with a level-up on a dead-weight rep. Should I just keep applying heat and wait it out?
Can squint be cured by exercise?
Does masturbation affect your workout at the gym?
Is Adriana Lima too muscled?
How do I go about training for a marathon?
How do I get motivated to start running and get fit?
Why is no contact so difficult? I just white-knuckled it for 30 days. What now, white-knuckle it for another 30 days?
What are the disadvantages of push-ups and pull-ups?
What are scarecrow exercises?
How can I improve my stamina and strength?
How long should I stretch a muscle per day for better mobility and flexibility?
Which place is best for a morning workout, indoors or outdoors, in Laxmi Nagar?
I take mass gainer and workout in gym, I have got belly fat. How do I reduce it? (I maintain diet to increase my body weight)?
Does a dose of 20mg/day of corticosteroids for 2 months in an adult female need a withdrawal regimen? And if yes, what's the regimen?
Is gym good for women?
I've been working out for 2 years now, I have packed on good amount of muscle mass but I don't have definitive cuts, how do I get toned muscles?
Is there any way to burn tummy and thigh fats to be slim in a month?
What do Miranda Kerr wear during workout?
Is it normal to get “thuds” in my chest?
What is better for weight loss: cardio or weight training?
How does an ABS work?
I have done all the suggested workouts, but, alas, I still don’t have a perfect body. I’m depressed and tense, what should I do now?
Can I lose weight by diet alone, or must I also exercise?
Will there be any changes if I don’t go to the gym for 20 days?
How do I run the 400 meter dash properly?
Will you see results faster if you lift weights everyday or every other day?
Which yoga poses and exercises can induce high intraocular pressure in the eyes?
What can I earn more from in the next 5 years, being a yoga, Pilates, or HIIT-focused teacher?
Should I do calisthenics or practice running to lose, get fit and skinny as a teenager?
Does Eckerd have a nice gym or exercise facility?
In what ways are the effects of caffeine and exercise similar and different?
What should I do if my recruiter gave me false information to push me to sign up for the army?
I can bench 140kg (315lbs) weigh 96kg, deadlift 240kg & in the morning I can see slightly the top two abs, why do I not have a chest?
What are some alternative shoulder exercises that use dumbbells instead of a rod?
What feats or milestones of fitness or strength could an "average joe" hope to achieve?
What are some ways to stretch a tight latissimus dorsi?
Why does inactivity cause more tiredness than physical activity?
Which is the best workout plan to achieve a single digit body fat percentage, without going to the gym, for a person with 20% body fat?
Is my workout routine an effective calisthenics workout?
What exercise routine should I follow to lose 135 kg in weight?
My calves will not grow. What is some advice?
Is it stupid that after 12 months of no exercise I took 10mg of dextroamphetamine and a large can of Redbull, to get my heart rate up to 190bpm?
How many pushups can you do in 30 seconds?
What are some good Chinese eye exercises?
Is there any natural remedy for constipation/faecal retention or physical exercises for bowel health?
Is it true that exercising yields no real benefits until you've worked up a sweat?
How do I calculate macros and calories?
How do mini exercise bikes work?
How many times a day should I work out?
How did you integrate running, cycling, swimming and lifting daily and still function?
Can I do wholesaling in New Jersey without a real estate agent license?
How can mukbang broadcasters stay in shape?
Which one is better, continuous jogging or jogging with a break?
I was advised that pro-form has a pretty good gym equipment, where I can find any discount for this?
What is the best yoga exercise for excess weight loss?
Why do I have body aches after weight workouts?
What are some improv exercises for large groups?
Is it true that the airways alternately constrict, as is said in yoga?
What is Vivek Mittal's opinion on Stronglifts, Starting Strength, or any other strength-training routines?
Why do people get weaker with age despite following the same fitness routine and diet regimen?
How do some people have so much stamina and energy for work?
Should I do calisthenics or running as a teenager to get fit and skinny and healthy?
How do I train to be really good at cross country running?
What is the use of doing 100 ab crunches everyday?
Is doing a one-hour continuous workout better or is it better to do a 20-minute workout 3-times a day?
Is lifting heavy things an alternative to lifting weights, or does it break the muscle down?
Can you motivate me to lose weight?
How can I build muscle at home with a pair of dumbbells 15kgs each and doing pushups?
How much weight did you burn from yoga?
What should overweight people do in the gym to avoid injuries and getting bored?
What do I need to do to build strength for Parkour/Calisthenics?
Is there an age which I should stop going to the gym?
Is exercising barefoot bad?
How can a skinny guy build an average body?
For people who work in the night shift, how do they exercise to build the body (e.g. to have have six-pack abs)?
I want to look fit on my 20th birthday. I have 7 months and I am starting my workout. What should I do for my diet, being from an Indian household?
What is the name of a small engine that can lift 100 kg of weight?
Is running in place considered a vigorous exercise?
What are some short and long-term exercise goals?
Which exercise is good for growing taller by 1 inch within 35 days? I am 17 years old.
How do I run a mile (1600m) in 5 minutes from 6:30 minutes within a month?
How can I build my body being a vegetarian and without gym?
Is it possible to get fit in one year's time?
What's your favourite physique on a man?
Which kind of superset in workout is better?
What is the best exercise to lose weight for men in India?
How many hours should we work out to burn 400 calories daily?
How many calories do I burn if I walk for 60 minutes or take 7,000 steps in a day?
Will eating significantly less get me a six-pack faster?
Can I attract women by being lifting weights?
What are some tips that can help me make my hips wider?
Is one or two Snickers between healthy meals of meat and vegetables while working out regularly okay if I want to gain more muscle with little fat?
What are some good workout videos for a man in his 50's to lose weight?
After I started lifting weights my blood vessels have become more and more visible. Is this normal?
Approximately how long can the average person expect to wait until they can start exercising again following knee surgery for a bucket handle tear?
Can weightlifting rejuvenate?
What exercises can I do to maintain core strength?
Can I workout on my bed?
I want to build a fitness software application. What are people's worst pain points when getting into shape? Workout planning, nutrition, etc.?
What are the *easiest* things that you've done (or heard about) to improve your health and physique?
Will our stomach increase if we stop doing abdomen exercises?
Who are your role models in gym and fitness?
Can weight training alone burn fat?
Once my abs become visible and muscular, will it be hard to maintain them that way?
Is it possible for a skinny woman to gain some muscles within a month?
Which exercises other than pushups should I do to increase my pushup count?
How can I get addicted to yoga?
Is 32 years old too late to join the gym and build muscles?
Is there anything anyone can do about the metabolic decrease as we age, other than eating less and/or exercising more?
What should I get to get lean, whey protein or BCAA? I want to get lean and also lose 5 kg of weight.
What is the best exercise routine to get 6 pack abs from home quickly?
Where can I be trained in squats in Bangalore?
Can intense muscular exercise cause acute health problems in otherwise healthy individuals?
For a hernia repaired using the Desarda technique, what is the recurrence chance if it is repaired laparoscopically? Will I be okay for the rest of my life if I don't lift weights and only change my diet and walk for exercise?
What are some side effects for 16-year-old boys who go to gym?
How can I get flat abs in 6 weeks?
Will cardio improve my endurance and stamina?
What do you think of my fitness routine?
How can I start doing yoga at home to reduce my weight? Is it possible?
What sorts of exercise do you not do?
Which is better exercise, walking or biking to work? I live about 2 kilometers away from work and it is flat surface all the way.
How can I improve my endurance for soccer?
Which are the best books related to physical strength and body building?
What are some weight bearing exercises?
Do I reduce height if I go to the gym?
Can a women have a flat stomach after delivery?
Is on-the-spot jogging effective?
Is it possible to build a muscular body without eating 5 small meals a day, considering I am not a fitness model but a professional working 9-5?
Does getting drunk remove 2 weeks of weight training?
What should I do to get better at calisthenics?
Is there an accurate way to tell how many calories you've burned in a workout?
How do fitness centers like Crunch/Planet Fitness stay fresh smelling even with groups of sweaty people?
The more I work out my biceps, the more my veins disappear. Is this normal?
Do you do yoga or exercise every day?
How can I get bigger forearms?
What are all of the basic facilities that should be provided by a gym?
How did your body change once you started working out?
While weightlifting every day (or near enough), when should you fit in HIIT?
What anaerobic exercise can I do without access to a gym and without putting weight on my legs?
How do I convert lean muscle to bulky muscle?
What is the best thing to drink when working out at a gym?
How do I lose weight without dieting or cutting out my favorite foods, or exercising?
Can I lose weight by doing 1km of running and a 4-minute Tabata workout?
What are some tips to make my run in the morning more effective?
What’s your exercise of choice when you are limited on time?
How can I work legs with a hamstring injury, when I can't deadlift or squat?
Bikini season is around the corner. What running workout is best to lose some weight?
How many times a week should I drink?
Why does my breath taste like bananas when I'm tired or exercising?
Why do I feel pain above my kneecaps and leg shakes at the end of reps while squatting or doing leg presses?
What breakfast/snacks should I have in the morning and evening during the initial days of gym?
Which one is better for lean muscle gain, Dbol or Anadrol? Is it safe?
I slammed my deltoid muscle on a door. Can I lift weights with a bruised deltoid muscle? It doesn't hurt when I lift.
How soon is it safe for you to exercise after an asthma attack?
Which racquet or ball games can be played alone and give a high intensity workout?
How do I build my body at 18-years-old?
Is it possible to do a heavy workout after a collar bone fracture? If yes, after how much time?
What does squeezing your glutes do?
How can I build my stamina for a long hike?
What's the best way to gain muscle mass when you are already lifting heavy weights?
Do I really need a rest day from working out? Please see the comment.
Can you suggest a 30 day challenge to lose weight and organize life?
Should you include cardio in your workout if you're skinny, 43kg and if your age is 19 years old?
How will you feel after Juventus legend Buffon lifts the UCL 2017?
Is weight lifting all I need to do in order to lose about a pound or two of fat from the belly?
What kind of pull-ups or chin-ups work biceps the most?
How can I workout and not be sore?
Why does your body fat % go up with heavy weight training?
Comparatively, which is better: Zumba or jumping rope?
Is it okay for pregnant women to workout in gyms? Or is baby in the planning phase?
What are some exercises to lift and shape my butt?
How can I get the most out of our home gym?
What is your typical golf warm-up routine?
What is the best way home exercise?
Does jumping rope create calf muscles and are they safe to use if I’m 40 ?
What are the effects of not working out for a week?
Can I lose weight if I can't leave tea, oil and snacks? If so, how?
Should I lift the same weights again or increase if the last one gave me DOMS?
What are the best exercise machines to workout for the forearm?
Does exercise alter the chemicals in the brain?
I hate exercising. What's the most effective exercise routine I could follow for the shortest amount of time where I will get the most benefits?
How do I include strength training in my daily workout?
Is it normal when I can only do fewer repetitions on the next set with same weights?
What is the best workout to target all muscle groups twice a week?
Why does my left shoulder muscle get sore (very sore, even more than after a shoulder workout) after bench presses?
What is the most effective motivation for you to go to the gym?
What are some periodized strength training program routines for size (hypertrophy) and strength (powerlifting and Olympic lifting) that I can do 4 days a week for 20 weeks?
Walking with 4/5 of my usual speed, I miss the bus by 5 minutes. What is my usual time?
Will doing 30 wide shoulder push-ups daily have a good result?
Is it a good idea to do pushups in the standing position?
How do I keep myself motivated to exercise and stick to a diet?
How do you calculate the equivalent weights you are pushing when you are cycling?
Are there any downsides of exercising by climbing stairs?
Is it bad that I’m exhausted after fast walking and jogging for 4 hours straight?
What type of exercises can be done with a stretch band?
What are the most effective exercises for writers?
When is the time to workout?
What all exercises/cardio/gym can I (26-years-old) do to lose 18 kg (92-74 ideal), considering that my right shoulder joint got dislocated and relocated?
What is a good leg routine for a 5′7″ tall guy who weighs 60kg? My routine is in the details.
What's more beneficial, a short, intense workout, or a longer, less strenuous workout?
Is it possible to perform sEMG decomposition on the forearm using Backyard Brains' Muscle SpikerShield? If so, up to how many different motor units?
What are some effective exercises to help grow and define your calf muscles?
Why is it I do not sweat even after jogging, does that makes my exercise ineffective?
Can you lift things to be strong without using dumbbells?
If I lift 2kg weights 150 times and 5kg weight 50-60 times (both arms included) twice a day, how long will it take for me to see a difference?
I need a workout regimen that will make me as fit as a Navy Seal. What do I do?
What is the need to warm up before exercise from an evolutionary perspective?
Is reformer Pilates a good workout?
Can I prevent my feet and ankles from hurting after running and walking for 4 hours straight?
Do you absolutely hate going to the gym?
What muscle groups do I need to improve for a better physique?
Is it safe to take fat burner while workout?
Is running 7 km daily in 37-40 minutes good or bad? Is it good for the heart?
What are the best exercises for losing fat from one’s face?
How do I start training with ankle and wrist weights for improving kicks and punches?
Is it advisable to do exercise and meditation in my room in the early morning?
What is the best HIIT training routine for a 17-year-old aiming to lose weight at the gym?
How can I break a 6-minute mile?
What are the benefits of working out 7 days a week?
Is there a way to shift the concept of exercise from workouts to body maintenance?
How can I reduce 6 inches fat from my stomach without reducing more than 2 inches fat from my breasts and hips?
How do I get rid of excess fat? What is the proper diet and exercise regimen to be followed?
What is the importance of aerobic activities?
How many calories does 20 minutes of running burn?
What would be a basic running kit for winter?
What is the best way to gain muscle without losing weight?
Why am I burned out so easily during my workout?
Suppose that I am doing a chest or back workout in which I rarely have to walk. Are the calories burnt during these workouts being counted by the Mi Band 2?
How much running is best for a male?
How can I reduce/lose hips fat without losing body muscle?
How often should I do cardio besides weight lifting for fat loss?
How can I achieve washboard abs and defined pectoral muscles at home?
Could a runner with baseline fitness (30 miles/wk, longest 12 miles) try to run a marathon with only two long runs (18-20 miles), for this training cycle?
How can I improve my cardio for boxing?
What are the types of exercises I should be doing after coming back from a broken leg?
What are the best exercises for my legs?
What is the best exercise for buffalo hump?
What is aerobic capacity and why is it important?
What causes pain on your right knee after squatting down?
Will jogging get me abs if done daily?
Why do you want to get lean?
What is the best exercise for strenghten eyesight?
What is a “ripped physique”?
What if a fit man stops exercising?
What are the best YouTube channels for fitness which teaches step by step to beginners and nutrition channel for maintaining proper healthy life?
What can busy entrepreneurs do to fit health & fitness into their daily routine?
I run every day. I weigh 105 lbs. How much will I lose?
How many reps and sets should I do for muscle growth? I'm only using machines and cables right now.
How can I get out of running the mile?
What should a person do at the gym, jogging or running?
Does doing six pack exercises help to reduce this skinny look?
How long and to what degree do you need to elevate heart rate in exercise?
Can I become strong by doing pushups?
How can you perform aerial yoga at home?
How do I lose fat around my arms without making it look bulky?
If a skinny person lifts, does he get bigger or more toned?
What is the benefit of applying oil before exercise?
Do I have a good workout plan?
What physical activity is required for the CRPF?
Can I use a treadmill with a max speed of 13 mph for sprint training?
Would working out before exams help reduce stress/increase performance?
What can be done to reduce errors in work leading to wrong numbers pulled out for client projects?
Is it normal to not sweat during a workout?
What are the benefits Of Fitness And Exercise?
How do I get off a plateau at the gym, because I'm not seeing any more gains?
Is it better to do 100 push-ups in a row or 25 four times throughout the day?
What should my breathing be like during weightlifting?
What happens when you lift weights with your penis?
Where can I see videos of meditation exercises online?
What are some exercises that help induce labor?
When are your experiences on muscular strength?
What's the best way to increase cardio performance?
How much exercise should I be doing right now?
What exercises should I do to have a fit body?
How do I build my upper chest?
How do I maintain my fitness and a healthy body?
How long after you workout can you eat a full course meal?
How can I measure the calories burned in 10,000 steps?
Is cardio bad for abs?
What is the best exercises for bad knees?
Is it too late to do physical exercise for my body shape?
What is a good body weight workout schedule for a 7-Day period?
How often do you train per week?
How long will it take me to train to walk 40 km for 4 days?
I’m only 13. Is it possible to run 800 meters in 2 minutes and 30 seconds?
Is 3 miles run in 25 minutes good?
Is it possible to start a mus cell building with Headlock Muscle?
Should a fan be turned on or off during a workout?
How should I stretch before I run?
How can I tell whether my kettle bell is the right weight for me?
Do Venezuelan people exercise?
How many people in the world can do Bruce Lee push-ups?
What is the ideal time that an amateur should take to jog or run 6 km?
Which is better to do in the morning, a) study and then take a morning walk or b) take a morning walk and then study?
As a 22-year-old, what health habits, diets, exercise routines, etc., should I be engaging in to lead a long, healthy life while maintaining a low body fat percentage?
Is it possible to completely transform yourself with just a few pairs of dumbbells and pull-up bars?
How long does it take until muscle mass starts to go down after not working out?
Do deadlifts and squats work the same muscles, and hence is repetitive?
Exercise makes my belly more fat instead of flat. Why?
What are some good monthly challenges in fitness for women to do at home?
How do I get mass on my chest?
For how long should I do my leg workouts on leg day? I'm 42 years old.
What happens if you work out frequently?
What is the best alternative to a personal trainer?
Does cardio also burn the healthy fats in our body?
What are some gym hacks to lose fat that a trainer won't tell you?
What is Zakk Wylde's workout routine?
Will I lose weight if I lift light weights with many reps?
Do squats help you develop abs?
When should I fit pilates into my training? Main goal: Training for a 10 mile.
Does a 13 year old girl have to go to the gym 4 times a week to maintain weight?
If I do the same exercise for 30 minutes a day on consecutive days will the amount of calories I burn remain constant or decrease over time?
Does it count as exercise if it doesn't raise your heart rate?
What am I supposed to eat after a workout when I am on a diet?
How could you treat locomotor ataxia through exercises?
Why do the muscles above and to the sides of my mouth constrict when I swing my arms in full circles?
Will lifting weights make girls have crushes on me?
Is physical exercise helpful while preparing for UPSC?
What are the best exercises for strength for groin muscle?
What exercise should I do to increase my leg muscles or leg diameter?
How can I increase my strength without going to a gym or that sort of thing?
What methods can I use to lose 65 pounds?
What are the best 3 biceps exercises for mass?
Which exercises should one do with a home gym?
What workout plan should I follow if I want to jump higher?
What's the ideal time duration for cardio exercise per day at the gym? This is for huge weight reduction for men.
How do you work-out 99²+199²+299²+399²+499²-5?
What are some free exercise to reduce soreness in the lumbar spinal cord? What causes this?
Which muscles should I train to get rid of kyphosis?
Is there any breathing exercise I can do after having a meal to improve digestion?
What is the fastest way to burn 500 calories fast?
How can I prevent my shoulders from becoming broader as a result of my workouts?
Assuming that you jog on your 3 HP home treadmill 2 hours daily, how long will its motor & belt last?
How do I get a toned belly?
Why is it important to stretch after exercise, what happens if I don't?
How do you perform negatives for chin-ups properly?
When I stand with my arms at my side and spin in circles, why do my arms lift up without effort?
Does taking an ice bath after a heavy workout allows your body to recover enough for an immediate 2nd workout right after?
Can you join the best yoga center in the world?
How do I reduce my body fat and get ripped?
Does playing sports rather than exercising work?
What are some exercises to make witty answers? How does one do it?
What were the most fit and least fit Presidents in terms of BMI? What is the ranking of all 45?
Do core exercises like squats or the farmer's walk help people lose weight/exhaust excess calories, or are there entirely different sets of exercises for that?
Is running 10 km twice a week enough?
Is it advisable to buy a treadmill online?
Which is the best exercise to have a great physical condition for surfing, especially for paddling?
How do I stop being a guy trying to fit in and become a good kid, get good grades, and get fit?
Is a toning tube useful for full body making?
Has anyone tried Mike Mentzer HIT lifting? What results have you gotten?
I workout every day, but today I'm not in the mood to workout. If I don't, I'll feel guilty. Is it ok not to work out?
What sort of workout can I do for basketball with a limited amount of time?
Will using the Smith machine for squats grow my shoulder/trapezius muscles?
How many skips should I do to increase height?
What are some good exercises to reduce belly fat?
How can I put on weight without eating properly and exercise?
How do I get into the habit of exercising?
Do the gym exercises increase the size of bones?
Are there any body weight excercises for biceps and triceps?
Should I add dumbbell workout to my routine?
What is best street workout equipment?
What is the best beginner routine for hypertrophy, Fierce 5, SS, or Stronglifts?
How do the accessory muscles of respiration work?
Can I go to the gym at age 42?
What is the fastest way to get into shape and exercise after being extremely out of shape and lazy?
Is it good to do a workout after consuming food? If not, why?
How do I get rid of belly fat and develop muscles?
Why do I feel like stretching?
Do my body muscles decrease if I don’t go to the gym for days?
What is good custom workout routine to achieve an aesthetic physique for an ectomorph?
Is it good to take glucose D during pre-workout?
Should I perform yoga under AC?
Is EMS fitness safe?
Which exercise reduce tremor?
How does yoga help you to lose weight despite not using weights, much movement, or tiring physical activity?
What is the best form of functional exercise?
Is Surya Namaskar equal to walking (e.g. are 30 rounds of Surya Namaskar equal to 30 minutes of walking)?
How do I build leg muscles with light weight barbell squat?
Which is better for building strength and muscle, heavy weight for low reps or medium weight for high reps?
What kind of exercises can I do, while practicing on my keyboard to improve my singing?
How do I maintain a workout diet when living in PG?
Why is distance running so popular?
How can I build up the muscles in my body in 6 months or more?
After six months of delivery via a c-section, can I join a gym?
What diet or exercise schedule should I follow as a teenager in order to lose weight?
Why do I get a rash when I exercise?
What exercises causes you to lose flexibility/gain tension?
Which one is better for health, swimming or running? And how?
What are the benefits of neurobic exercises?
What are the sports for lower body weight loss?
What would you recommend about running daily on road (tarmac)?
How fast will I get my gains back to be fit for summer after being absent for almost two months from the gym?
What is the importance of yoga in a student’s life?
What are some home remedies to stay fit?
Is working out (push-pull legs routine) effective for an ectomorph beginner?
Which workout routine would you suggest for someone who has already spent 7 months in the gym doing full body and upper-lower body splits?
What do you feel when seeing Suresh Raina seemingly being out of shape with a big tummy? Shouldn't he taken care of his fitness?
Should I workout if my elbow hurts whenever I fully extend it?
How can I use my Apple Watch to my advantage to help me be healthier?
How do I increase or develop my gym and fitness business?
Is it mandatory to practice Bharatanatyam in traditional attire that is simply wearing a dhoti on the lower body and leaving the upper body uncovered? I practice in a traditional way.
Is there a reason to do squat using Smith machine, but standing inches in front of the bar?
Is it okay if I do my strength exercises in the morning and cardio exercises in the evening for a flat stomach?
Does strength training burn fat from the face?
How can I increase my running stamina from 1 mile in 10 minutes to 1 mile in 6 minutes within 4 days?
How should I fix my squat?
Which is better, 300 burpees or 100 push-ups, 100 sit-ups, and 100 squats?
Should I do cardio before or after weight training to lose weight?
How do I strengthen my sense of identity without counterproductively strengthening my ego?
What is the simplest exercise/workout that is effective?
What is the best (fastest and easiest) way to obtain a strong, masculine body shape?
How long will it take for our arms (biceps and triceps) to recover from a moderate workout?
Can I do yoga after an exercise?
How do fitness models get ripped?
Why should I start lifting weights in life?
Is it okay to hit the gym for killing body fat knowing that after a month or two you won't be hitting it because of the lack of time from work?
If exercising a lot keeps you young and is anti-ageing, then why do many who work out have a lot of wrinkles?
Is lifting weights enough to burn fat?
What is the time duration between Parayam and yoga?
What are the best exercise to gain height quickly?
What are the important rules you need to know before you start lifting weights being a girl?
Is it less beneficial to take breaks during exercise sessions?
How can I lose fat and get as skinny and fit as a 15-year-old?
Is it bad to do squats when taking a shower?
How effective is the Revoflex Xtreme for core body exercises?
How can I firm up my body the fastest?
What is QCI in yoga?
What is yoga muthra?
Can I build body muscles without going to the gym? If so, what should be my diet, and what training should I do?
What are some stretches I can do to be able to do the splits?
My upper chest is not flat. It kind of bulges out. How do I correct it?
What if I train every part of my body including calves except my abs?
Is it good to run and do workouts if you have kidney stones?
Why does my running stamina fluctuate whereby I can run longer distances on some days but on other days I cannot run even half the length?
How can I learn to do one handed push-ups?
What are some breathing exercises to improve stamina and let me hold my breath longer?
Does pure physical labor build muscle better than weight lifting?
Are my running times good?
Should I move on to free weights?
Is it possible to gym to lose weight?
How do I prevent steps being counted by my pedometer while I am driving?
What are the best effective ways to burn belly fat for men?
What should I wear while workout?
What piece of workout/fitness/mobility tool did you buy that is now collecting dust in the closet?
How long will it take an out-of-shape person to walk 2.5 miles?
Why is walking considered a good exercise?
How can one skip marriage?
Can I do abs workouts daily during, before or after going to the gym?
What does it mean to be curvy and fit?
Should I workout before or after studying as a high schooler?
Is it normal to have red spots on your arms after training (crossfit)?
Should one have skinny legs or no? What kind of exercises must I do for my legs?
Is it good to do gym before 18?
Which methods of exercise have you found to be most enjoyable and helpful?
What are T25 exercises?
What is a body weight workout plan for 45 days that would leave me with a 6 pack?
How many miles did you walk this week and why?
Can you give me advice on getting back into shape (motivation-wise, amount of exercise, etc.)?
What would happen if you went to the gym 5 days a week and followed a good diet but only slept for 5 hours a day? Would your muscles grow?
How do I gain face fat if I go to the gym on a regular basis?
Why do I feel so turned on sometimes after I workout on my legs?
Should I do more reps with less weight or less reps with more weigh to get bigger muscle?
Which is better for girls, the gym or aerobics?
Is it possible to gain 45 kg going to the gym?
Is there any exercise to gain weight?
Is it easier or harder to burn fat as a teen than an adult?
What is the best way to achieve my real complexion after swimming?
Will girls go crazy over me if I start lifting weights and getting in shape?
Is it a good idea for me to start Capoeira when I have scoliosis?
How do I get strong forearms plus a lot of stamina?
Which one is better for losing weight without any adverse effects on the body, 1 hour of swimming or 1 hour at the gym?
What is the perfect exercise to remove belly fat?
What does it feel like to overwork your muscles?
Can one build upper pectorals without an incline press?
Which low-intensity workout will give me the best fitness boost if done consistently?
How does a beginner bodybuilder who is skinny get bulky? When will his abs be muscular and visible?
How can you exercise in your bedroom?
What is more important, to have a strong and fit body or a clever brain?
Do you have some experience with tabata running workouts?
Does your body initially reject exercise when you begin a serious regime?
Can cardio and toning exercises induce arousal and orgasms?
What is the best training exercise for surfing?
Why aren’t simple carbohydrates not recommended pre-workout?
How I do build the perfect body without going to the gym?
Can I lose fat by only working out my abs, without changing my diet too much?
What kind of exercise can lazy people do?
How do I train if I want to get stronger by building more compact muscles rather than bigger ones?
What are some good fat burning HIIT routines on a spin bike?
What is the best exercise to train the obliques without gym equipment?
Can I do push-ups if I have acromion type 2 with no surgery yet?
What is “Black Wolf Workout Eliminate”?
Which is better, gym or functional training?
Which workout routine and diet should I follow to gain strength?
If you could only choose one way to lose weight, between dieting and exercising, which one would be more effective?
How many hours should I workout at the gym to put off 5kg of weight?
How can I reduce 10 kg in 20 days?
How can you exercise your muscles during puberty?
How do I start the process of being healthier and exercising?
What is a daily workout that can lead to getting a 6-pack before June?
What is a good workout for strength when you only have access to a bench press with leg curls, 2 dumbbells, a pull-up bar, and an EZ curl bar?
Is double unders considered as an anaerobic or aerobic?
How can I build a workout routine for maximum muscle mass building?
What are some of the best jaw relaxing exercises?
What should I do when I go to the gym after my depression?
How can a lean guy reduce excessive chest fat?
How do I get that V-shaped torso like Cristiano?
Which is the best fitness academy in Mumbai?
Where can I find a workout plan which will help my long distance running and strength development?
How do I do pullups/chinups?
Which are the best chest exercises to develop the outer pectoral muscle?
How does Akram Khan stays consistent in his workouts?
How do I perform Urdhvareta yoga?
Are high knees a vigorous exercise?
Fitness-wise, what does it mean if I can hold an exceptional reverse plank, but can't hold a regular plank for longer than 5 seconds?
I have very chubby legs with cellulite, what exercises can I do to shed fat from my legs as well as tone my legs and butt altogether?
What makes me wheeze after exercising?
What's the best treatment/exercise for a dual diagnosis of costochondritis and shoulder impingement with associated upper back pain?
What is an aesthetic and strength workout program?
How can I start gym exercises for good health?
What are the rules that one must follow while doing Balayam yoga?
What is the simplest way to gain stamina?
How can I make my abs stronger when I have low back pain? Are there low-impact exercises that will help?
I am 50, I want to increase my baseball throwing speed, what exercises should I do?
What is the best ab exercise? What is the best type of exercise for a 6-pack? Don’t worry about nutrition. I've got that covered.
How long will it take to get my muscle back?
What are body weight exercises for the hamstring?
How much workout is considered too much?
Has anyone managed to increase their height using stretching or hanging exercises?
What is the best way for me to lose fat and gain muscle with the aid of clenbuterol?
Can a 16-year-old male grow three inches by exercising?
How do swimmers get such ripped bodies?
How do I maximize my endurance (running) within 9 days?
What are some home workouts for skinny teenagers?
How do I get a longer penis with a strong erection? And what about Kegel exercises? If they are good, how do you do them?
Where can I find a good diet routine?
What is better, going to the gym or doing self-weight exercises?
As a female, how can I gain more muscle mass in my upper body? What are the best workouts?
How should I exercise each side of my brain (separately)?
Are drugs more effective when you're physically fit?
How can I have upper, middle and lower chest workouts with just push-ups?
How important is exercise for PhD students?
What are good stretches to do every day to train towards the splits (center, left and right)?
How important is strength to endurance?
What's a good body weight percentage for a dead lift?
What is cardio exercise?
How do I plan a workout while doing a 5 PM - 2 AM shift?
How would I get abs as soon as possible?
Why do I feel like puking or vomiting every time I complete a gym workout?
When is the right time of day to exercise according to Tradition Chinese Medicine?
What makes more physiotherapists and doctors recommend pilates over yoga for rehabilitation?
What home workouts are good for 400m dash preparation?
How do actin and myosin work during muscle movement?
What's the fastest way of looking strong and fit?
When I want toned arms and don't want to build a lot of muscle, should I use less weight and do more repetitions or more weight and less repetitions?
What are the benefits of doing 100 push-ups a day?
Why should a nurse teach preoperative breathing and coughing exercises?
Is it possible to gain good eyesight from eye exercises like so many people say it is?
How many calories are burnt in 2000 counts of rope skipping?
Would I be muscular if I decreased my body fat?
Can I only get toned by going to a gym only?
Does exercise make one psychologically strong?
What is the best running routine for 1km run in 3:45?
What are the fitness exercises for bowlers to increase their pace?
How often should I do ab workouts and for how long? I'm 42 years old.
Between running, cycling and rowing which one results in the highest energy expenditure and why?
What are the best comedic routines against Islam?
What is the best way of acquiring a good body physique if you are thin?
What exercises should I do to lose fat?
What should girls eat after a workout?
What should I do to progress in daily Hindu squats, having reached 70 almost every other day?
How do I combine calisthenics and lifting free weights? Should I do them both every single day or do them alternate days?
Is there any YouTube channel for learning the proper forms of weight training exercises that explains position, form and movement in-depth?
What’s the easiest way to get into yoga at home for someone who hasn’t exercised in 10 years? Any book, DVD, or app recommendations will be gratefully accepted.
What are the best-kept secrets about exercise, fitness, body building, and working out?
Should I eat after or before workout?
How effective is the legs, bums and tums workout?
Does a vacuum in space get stronger and stronger?
How can I get wider biceps by pushups?
I run a 5:20 mile and want to run a sub 4:40 by the beginning of track season in 9 months. What type of training do I need to run it?
Which is valued more, a well-shaped, fit and muscular body or a flexible body?
If one major muscle from your body vanished, which one would you want it to be?
What percentage of macronutrients do I need if I want to get leaner?
How many of you have lost weight by doing yoga?
Can someone help me create a workout and diet routine to get a physique like this?
What is more beneficial, running or going to the gym?
What is the best strength training program for a 62 year old man trying to build muscle?
Is is preferable if I do my strength excercises in the morning and cardio excercises in the evening to get a flat stomach?
What workout do I do the day after a full body workout?
Why is cycling so much more effective than running and why can I attain higher speeds than walking, even when going uphill?
Are Bipasha Basu's aerobic and cardio workout videos helpful in burning fat for an endomorph body-typed woman? How many calories does it burn in 30 min.?
Does building muscle make you a faster runner?
Can you recommend a good post workout snack?
I'm kind of skinny-fat and I want to get more toned without losing weight or gaining fat. What's the best workout/diet for this as a 20-year-old girl?
Does Bale skip leg day?
What are the best workouts for building back muscles in 2017?
What is the goal of cardiorespiratory endurance?
What is the best apps to track water intake and exercise on iPhone?
Is it possible for a 24-year-old to lose those last 5 kgs, i.e., stubborn belly fat, without exercise?
With a combination of yoga & walking, how much weight can a person lose?
Why has my height not increased since last year despite regular exercise and diet?
Is it okay to drink liquor a day after working out?
How can I lose fat, get skinny, fit and healthy as a teenager and fit in my clothes?
What length should exercise bands be?
How can I produce flexibility?
Does arthritis and strenuous exercise go hand and hand when you are older, e.g. above 70?
What is a good workout schedule for a 200m dash?
Will I be stronger than an average person after losing weight if I do body weight exercises while I am fat?
While weight training, should an older person take more "rest” days between workouts than someone who is younger?
What is the ideal height for exercise?
Can Sennheiser wireless headphones be used for workouts in the gym?
What is calisthenics all about?
Is there any way I can push the limits of my physical fitness?
What do we need to do to keep ourselves inspired to work out daily?
What exercise does the killer perform in the movie Faster?
What are your motivations for getting up early, even on the weekends, doing 1 task or taking exercises every day for 1 year?
What fuels are used to produce energy in anaerobic exercise?
Is it safe for a bodybuilder to do leg day every day that he does his regular workout?
Has the Hulk really lifted the weight of a star, as some people claim?
Is it enough having one weight training and one aerobic workout a week?
What is kickboxing like as an option for staying fit?
Can yoga practice trigger emotional responses?
Why are my muscles bigger after a workout?
How do I achieve V-shaped lower abs if I am skinny?
Is there a scale in which I could quantify my physical health/fitness?
When weightlifting, is it better to do one exercise 3 times in a row or do the whole routine 3 times?
Why do some pains (e.g., the pain in the body after an intense workout, or when you are mentally hurt, or when you rub your gums together) feel good?
How does Greg Norman stay so fit?
Why do fat girls always dress like they're about to go to the gym but they never do?
What's the best way to run a sub-3 minute 800 meter run?
Does losing weight help with push-ups?
How good are spin classes for you?
I'm wimpy, thin and bad at lifting weights. I tried pretty hard, but all my workout partners ditched me. Should I just go to the gym by myself?
Can you do sit-ups, go to the gym, and lift weights after a kidney transplant?
What exercise is the quickest way to lose weight?
Why do so many people get hurt when they practice Ashtanga Yoga?
What is the lifespan of a treadmill motor& belt?
What are some affirmations to say to do beginner pushups?
What are the benefits of training on sand for a runner?
How do you explain “tears has no weight but carries heavy emotions”?
What increases one's chance of death more, 10 minutes riding a street bike, or 10 minutes spent in a tanning bed?
What are the best exercises that a student should do early in the morning?
In a garden, which direction is better for healthy walking or jogging, clockwise or anticlockwise?
What would be a good exercise plan to follow after coming back from a leg injury?
In what order should one train strength and endurance?
When doing standard push-ups, does it matter if your elbows flare out when you go down?
Can you give me a list of military exercises and how many of each to do?
Why does a strained muscle keep hurting suddenly after 3 weeks?
How do toned arms differ from muscular arms?
Is building and selling weights a good investment?
Which is better, a gym or an akhada?
What is the best time to do cardio (Walk, Jog and Running), before weights or after weights?
What are exercises for bending legs and arms?
How do I make time for workouts when I have a busy schedule?
How many times a week should I go to the gym and for how long?
Can anyone challenge me in any kind of workout?
What is Connor Murphy's workout routine?
I've exercised moderately every other day for a year. I'm 50+ years old. Will my muscles ever stop being sore?
What are the best calf workouts?
What's the best way to lose weight slowly? I work away a lot, so I stay at a hotels. I don't do any exercises at the moment, and I'm currently 5'9 at 270 lbs.
What is the best fitness guru or program to help a skinny guy gain muscle and strength?
Is it bad to have a workout method where I bench, back, abs, then legs?
Who is the best female fitness model in the USA?
How long should I exercise/workout when time isn't an issue?
I had lost weight on my upper body and thighs except my belly! What kind of exercise should I focus on now?
What do I need to do at home to get my abs to show if I'm already skinny?
Should you look out on the Leg press?
Is there an easy way to fix text neck posture?
Is it safe for a 42 year old man to lift weights 6 days in a row?
Do you burn more calories walking up stairs two at a time, even though you are taking fewer steps?
What are the most useful exercises to do early in the morning?
What is the insanity workout like? What kind of diet should a female follow when doing that?
Is there a gym in NIT Silchar, with weights to lift for bodybuilding?
Can anyone join the DDA multi-gym?
What is a stretching cylinder?
How does the ECG change post-exercise?
How to increase my stamina after being a couch potato for 2 yrs?
Is it embarrassing for men to do butt-workouts? (Bodybuilding)
Will I lose muscle if I lift lighter weights?
Does weight training lead to muscle loss and fat gain?
Can I mix pressed flax oil and orange with coffee as a pre-workout drink?
Are​ cardio exercises fit for a 12 year old child?
Do I look like I’m in good physical shape?
I can do a pistol squat with my left leg but not with my right. Is this because I'm a right handed fencer?
What is the best workout for both fat loss and building a bit of muscle?
What happens when a female bodybuilder stops working out?
How much of a brisk walk is needed to keep diabetes in control, and how many days should one walk briskly in a week?
What kind of exercises do you need to do to get a bigger butt?
What exercises can I do at home in order to gain weight healthily?
How long does it takes to get rid of gynecomastia by exercising?
Can you build a great body by working out at home?
Can I lose belly fat, butt and thighs fat with diet only and no special exercise?
Is it possible to increase “body width” for a 16-year-old?
Can I do both suryanamaskar and walking for burning calories?
Why should I run?
Are hula hoop rotations beneficial in any way if they’re included alongside weight training?
How do you perform lingual exercises?
How do I avoid losing muscle mass?
What’s the best method to lose about 1 or 2 pounds of fat from my belly to start working on my abs?
What are really the most common reasons why guys lift weights?
How many calories does swimming for 45 minutes burn?
I’m a 42-year-old bodybuilder. What should my weightlifting routines be for leg day and my upper body workout? How many hours each day?
Is stretching important post-workout?
How is doing pushups on mountains in low oxygen different from doing them near sea level?
How can I manage to get fit, healthy, skinny as a teen?
What fitness app do you use to keep track of your workout and achieve goals?
Is it bad to do extra cardio in the morning & later hit the gym in the evening that includes weights & cardio?
What is the correct form for a shoulder press?
What's your favorite fitness or fitness-related cliché?
Why are splits seen as unmanly?
What Should be my diet plan to loose 7 kgs, should I consider taking protein powder since I hit the gym 5 times a week?
What are the benefits of doing squats every day?
How many hours should I practice programming to avoid burning out?
How long and how often should I exercise to see some serious muscle gains?
Should I stretch before or after my workout?
How can I increase my stamina for running?
Which causes losing weight fast, aerobic exercise or machines?
What should I be doing to get abs if they are not in my genetics? I need an actual plan set up.
What is the best workout plans blog?
Is it possible to rent an empty small room for an hour?
How can I organise my notebook and the exercise solving on tests?
When you burn body fat, do you burn saturated mono- and polyunsaturated fat in equal amounts, or is there a preferential one?
Are there great alternative exercises for swimming?
What are some beginner basketball training exercises that can be done at home with no hoop (female)?
How does aerobic activity influence metabolic activity?
What are good exercises to get strong enough to pick up a person?
What are the workouts to lose weight on a rowing machine?
Why does exercising make my chest flat? How can I make my boobs bigger?
What are some very simple free-hand exercises for absolute beginners at home?
In Bikram yoga, the standing forward to knee starts on the left leg while the standing bow pose starts on the left leg. Why does the balancing stick start on the right leg?
What is the best way to loss fat and maintain muscle?
Is there any difference in one’s heartbeat between when one’s exercising and when one’s fearful?
Which one should I do first, between gym and jogging?
What yoga posture helps with a hiatal hernia?
What are the main muscles used for jumping jacks?
If you exercise in only a certain period of your life, would you live longer than if you had never exercised at all?
What's a good vertical workout for a 15-year-old without any gym equipment?
How do you strengthen your middle section and bottom without excessive exercise?
What are the best workouts/exercices to get a cobra back?
Apart from working out at the gym, how do men generally train (context: India)?
How much exercise should I get each day if I work a desk job?
How do I get leaner, longer arms and get rid of the muscle in my arms at home?
I will be going to France (Strasbourg for 12 days and 3 days in Paris) this next weekend. Is 800 euros enough for my 2-week stay? I've already paid for my hotels.
How is it possible that when we lift a load and then put it down again, no work is done?
Should I do abs exercises to tone my abdominal area (I have 14-16 percent body fat)?
With eye pencil push exercise, is the point of double vision good or bad?
How do I strengthen my jiggly triceps?
What is a good amount of sit ups to do daily to strengthen my abs?
What are some exercise for power yoga and meditation?
Which algorithm is used by applications to count calories burned? How do treadmills and other gym machines count calories burned?
Where can I learn about losing weight without dieting and exercising?
What are the best exercices for a setter?
What are the best exercises for meralgia paraesthetica?
Which form of yoga is the best for gaining muscles and flexibility?
Is it necessary to lift your shoulders in the kickboxing fighting stance?
How do I live healthy, younger and safe without doing any exercise?
Will stretching to increase hip flexibility help increase my vertical jump?
How long must I wait in order to workout after gynecomastia (liposuction) treatment?
Can reducing butt fat change the shape of men’s hips?
What is the best physical activity for a 50-year-old to keep fit?
What methods can I use to burn 3500 calories a day?
Does the dumbbell curl exercise grow muscles for girls?
Can I do push ups after breakfast?
I’m a beginner bodybuilder. How long should I workout my legs on leg day?
How do I be fit (I mean have power not concern with muscles)?
Which is the best gym equipment store in Kolkata?
Is it advisable to consume electrolytes during workouts?
What is a superset back2back when working out?
Why can't I pull 10 chin-ups in a row even after a lot of training? I am stuck at 8 chin-ups. What am I doing wrong?
How do I get abs while I'm eating a lot to get bigger too?
What's an affirmation I can have as a beginner at push-ups?
How can I increase my fitness in the gym to lose weight faster?
Is it okay to extra train arms and shoulders other than in the gym?
What is the difference between power lifting and olympic lifting?
For how long do we need to move the hula hoop around the waist for proper abs?
What is the best thing to eat right after working out?
What are the effects of exercise on the bones?
Has anyone that you know ever made a lean body without lifting heavy weights?
How do I burn body fat fast in a gym?
What should I eat at night (dinner) to reduce my belly fat?
What are some exercises to burn stomach and thigh fat?
What would be a training program for the whole body if I will hit the gym 3-4 times a week? I want to look like David Goggins.
When lifting to failure should I be able to complete as many reps for each subsequent set?
What are some high intensity interval training exercises for someone with an injured ankle?
Is it good to go to a gym after ACL surgery to build up leg muscle?
Will lifting anything up make my arms get bigger?
If you lift a 5lb weight a hundred times, is that the same "work" on the muscle as one lift with a 500lb weight?
What are some rehab exercises to build leg strength?
How many times per week should I do a HIIT workout, and how many times should I do a strength workout?
What is the best gym in Greeley, Colorado?
Will people respect me more and not bully me if I lift heavy weights and get massive?
What are other types of workouts, apart from isometric workouts?
How long should your ab workout be?
For badminton, what are the most effective exercises you can practice by yourself?
Will running help lower body weight?
How much time do I need to build great fitness for football despite the little time I have in the day and what are the best exercises?
Is it necessary to take protein powder when doing a gym workout?
What are negatives for chin-ups?
Will going beltless for heavy deadlifts (1-3 reps) work my abs more?
How much weight could be lifted if an effort of 100 pound were applied?
Why does a suit become inconvenient when you put your hand up?
“At the limit of each stretch, breathe in and out three or four times, and try to relax.” What does this sentence related to exercise mean?
Does muscle only grow on rest days?
Would it be possible to get hired as a fitness trainer without a two-year diploma?
Which is the best fitness tracker in budget?
How many sit-ups would a person have to do in a single night to see results the next day?
Do you keep your shoulders up in a fighting stance?
Are there any positives to working out the same muscle two days in a row?
Is boxing considered to be a good exercise?
What are the most effective leg workouts I can do at home to burn fat and tone my legs?
What is the future of yoga?
I had a massive heart attack. How can I lose weight? I don't know about lifting weights. Is this safe as I do have a defibrillator/pace maker.
Do chefs workout?
I had a leg workout two days ago and it still hurts to lock my knees and flex my quads. Is this bad?
What style of climbing is the best upper body workout?
What changes did you observe in yourself after pursuing Yoga?
Is it good for a single guy to masturbate 3 to 4 times a week?
Is it healthy to do 30 minutes of regular jogging, after 40?
Why doesn’t Superman move his arms while flying, as we do while walking or swimming?
How do I develop a fitness band app?
How many push ups can you do at a time?
What is the best way to stay healthy exercising while on a diet?
What single exercise works most muscles in your body?
If you do more ab workouts, will your sperm count be reduced?
How much, and what kind, of exercises are well suited to reduce belly fat for someone in their 30s?
If you take steroids and do not exercise, what happens?
Why are my calves and arms increasing despite three days of cardio and three days of weight training, and even a proper diet?
I enjoy working out. How do I best equalize the strength between my left and right arms?
What is the best exercise for a 15-year-old guy like me?
Am I supposed to eat more protein food on my workout day or my rest day?
What kind of workouts are for getting stronger without getting bigger (muscle mass) like the guys on America's Ninja Warriors?
What exercises can I do to gain strength and increase muscle size? Also, how do I reduce belly fat?
Do you think I can get a full time front desk job at Planet Fitness if I'm not necessarily fit?
How does the electromyogram change post-exercise, and why?
What workout do you use to train for the 300 meter hurdles?
Why is my heart rate not increasing during exercise?
At what age did you start yoga?
How can I cure constipation if I have already tried everything including exercises and medications?
Is it possible to get biceps, a bigger chest, abs, and a chiseled jaw line?
How can I obtain elite-level strength and speed?
What does HIIT do on rest days when bulking?
How many days does it take the shoulders to recover after workout?
What are some ways to get your legs leaned out but muscular? I would like to stay fit but have thinner thighs.
If you lift weights in zero gravity do you still gain muscle?
Where do you recommend getting cheap yet pretty and comfy exercise / yoga attire in Singapore? Is JB worth travelling to for getting cheaper goods?
What are some quick stretches for my whole body to do every morning?
What is the intense heat I feel in my quads after a run?
Do workouts affect growth?
How do I operate a gym?
Which are the best 1, 2 or 3kg dumbbells for arm exercises for women?
Why isn't my vertical (jump) going up after several months of training?
How much do you have to Squat in order to dunk?
As a 60 kg guy, how many jumping jacks do I have to do to burn 100 calories in 10 minutes?
How much water should be taken before morning walk?
Can I cure excessive elbow angle with exercise and yoga to be fit for army medicals?
What are the tips to be followed during workouts?
Is there a way to meet women in my yoga classes?
What is the best sport for good thighs and lean hips?
Is it possible for a 24-year-old to lose those last 5 kgs, i.e, stubborn belly fat, without exercise?
When you do cardio, does your heart get stronger? Or do your muscles just use the oxygen more efficiently?
What are different ways to tone whole body without doing using any exercising machines?
If I swim 36 laps instead of 24 laps, 3 times / week, will my metabolism be faster on the days following these workouts?
Should I workout with my girlfriend?
What is Buti Yoga and how is it different from more traditional forms of Yoga?
Should I go on a cut?
Is it fine to exercise while you’re not feeling well?
It's been 110 days since I got an operation on my leg for a tendon that had ruptured. I'm still not able to put weight on my leg. Is that normal? What should I do?
Can one get a six pack body by doing yoga?
What ab exercises are bad for your back?
How can I always be in the same energetic mood I get into after workouts?
How do I lose tummy fat through exercise?
How many hours should an average person exercise each day?
Would bodybuilders buy a hard sucking candy that acts as a pre-workout?
What are the precautions while doing yoga to lose weight?
Will full body workouts everyday weaken or strengthen muscle?
How does the intensity and duration of exercise affect the hormonal response?
Why are some muscle builders so bulky yet still lack muscle definition even with very low fat ratio?
What are some examples of how exercise has improved your or someone else’s life?
How can I improve my running as I'm asthmatic?
What is the best exercise for legs when you are prone to excruciating leg cramps?
What are the exercises to developeTelepathy?
What are some good workouts for teens?
What are some good everyday workouts at home ( no equipments)?
How can I impress girls in yoga class?
Is it possible to get a strong jawline with facial exercises?
Which are some of the exercises an unfit obese person can do to cut down belly fat and gain more muscles?
Should I eat chickpeas before workout?
What are the best techniques to develop strong forearms?
Can I get fit body just by walking one hour a day?
Can an employer round up hours if less then 30 minutes?
How do I gain discipline and force myself to do even the bare minimum of exercise?
Does doing pushups and crunches affect height growth?
If the penis is a muscle, why can't it be exercised to get bigger?
What exercises can help to reduce stiffness in my broken wrist?
How do I reverse type 2 diabetes with food and exercise alone? Please include specifics meal plans or type of exercises in your answer.
What does Snap Fitness cost?
Why do I type faster after I've exercised?
What is the most efficient way to get a nice chest at home other than push-ups?
What's a good way to lose 10kg in 2 weeks without much exercise?
How do I reduce thigh fat and size?
What is the best way to increase waist?
Is it normal to have stiffness in one’s lower back after exercising and jogging, after recovering from a lower back stress fracture even after 4 months of rest?
Realistically, how much weight in muscle can I put on in a month?
How do I rest after a workout set to perform better in next set?
Which exercises can help me to jump higher and higher?
What should one do when one hits "the plateau" in workout?
How many push-ups, crunches, leg raises and squats should I do to lose 80lbs?
Do you clench your jaw when weight lifting?
Can I run one hour per day as well as going everyday to the gym? Would such intensity have any down side?
What are the best jawline exercises?
Are there any benefits of walking blindfolded?
How can I get motivated to practice running and get fit as a teenager?
Would doing 100 push-ups every day work just as well as doing a routine of exercises at a gym? Would you get just as strong and muscular?
How do I make people aware about the benefits of working out?
How often should you do squats and "the big 4"? My training plan is chest & triceps, back & biceps, and legs & shoulders.
What are the best beginner core and upper body workouts?
What's the difference between being fit and going to the gym?
How do pilots manage workouts and hectic flight schedules, to keep themselves fit?
How do I build muscle without going to the gym?
Evander Holyfield lifted weights, why did he not suffer significant decreases in speed/mobility/flexibility after gaining so much mass?
Is there such a thing as exercise intolerance? Every time I attempt to exercise I feel dreadful and sick.
Does Exercise improve Your Vision of Eyes?
Do you consider yourself as an athelete if you're a bodybuilder who lifts 5-6 times a week?
What's the most guaranteed way to lose fat without using the gym?
How do you build muscles if you can't afford to go to the gym?
How do I use honey on workout?
What could be the reason for not losing fat despite six months of regular gym activity?
How important is a fit body in terms of survival and life expectancy?
How do you increase your stamina?
What's the best weekly routine if I have to play squash, do HIIT running for 20 mins, do a chest workout, and get the most out of them all?
Is cardio really necessary for fat loss?
Is there a way to lose belly fat without eating healthy and exercising?
What feels better, sex or lifting weights? Don't say sex. It’s overrated.
Should I draw mind maps and do exercises instead of just reading and doing exercises to get better grades in high school?
Do you find that you need 10 minutes to yourself each day after getting home before engaging with your spouse or family?
Are there benefits to exercising self-control? Can exercising self-control save one's life?
What should I think if my recovering anorexic sister wants to start going to the gym with me? Should I be worried?
Can one exercise after one’s kidney stones have been removed?
I have been following some of the workouts suggested by you and lost close to 20lbs. How do I change my workout now to build a six pack?
What are some of the recommended yoga positions for beginners?
How long should one wait to begin mild exercises like jogging, etc., post-gynecomastia surgery?
How much weight and repetitions do you do while doing squats and deadlifts?
What is a good weight training routine 2 times a week?
Am I allowed to use the gym after school?
How do I train my core and back?
Is it necessary to have a perfect, flat stomach? Is there any necessity for a little fat over the stomach for men?
What are the best exercises for men over 40?
What are some tips for beginner joggers?
How can I stop losing circulation in my arms during chair dips?
How can I get my legs thin or toned?
Can I have some reasons that my parents should pay $20 a month for a gym membership for me?
What are some different flex band exercises I can do for reducing upper body fat?
What's a good routine for a full workout at a gym?
Is your upper chest important?
How can I improve my cardiovascular fitness for the 12 minute Cooper run?
Which are the best ab exercises to do at home?
I workout regularly since I was 13. Why my nerves in my arms are visible although I eat a lot?
What are the exercises and ways to get in great shape quickly for men? Are there any advantages/disadvantages of working out daily?
Whats are the best exercises to build huge calves?
Is it bad to neglect to train the chest but still train the rest of the upper body?
Is it normal to feel weak after stretching?
If we jog for 10 minutes 3 times a day, will it be equivalent to 30 minutes of jogging in one go?
Which exercise is better for a runner, jump squats or a tuck jumps?
What is the best way to approach weight training for a man over 60?
What exercise can I do with an injured wrist and hip?
Should I drink a coffee before I go to the gym? How does it affect my 2 hour workout?
When is a good grade to start weight lifting?
What is the purpose of aerobic exercises?
Which is best, a boot camp or a gym?
How can I get fit and skinny as a high schooler?
What limits how fast humans can run?
How do I lose thigh and calves muscles in a month?
Out of a heavy body and a lightweight body, which body falls down first?
Is it better to run once a day, or once every other day? Which is better for endurance training?
How do I decrease weight without doing any exercises?
Besides health, is there any real benefit to exercising and being fit?
International Yoga day 2017, how is it relevant for us?
Is it possible for an athlete to have the strength and muscles of a bodybuilder, and the endurance of a marathon runner at the same time?
Did I make a mistake? I ate 2 plate of noodles after I have worked out and now I am thinking to do fat burn exercises.
What is the perfect time for exercise?
Which physical exercise is good for me to increase my body strength?
Why do I feel aggressive after a work out?
Can planks help one lose tummy fat?
Why do four cable cars travel together in Jeita Grotto? How is the weight balanced? Will there be high tension on the rope?
After eating, how long should one wait before working out?
How do I get the motivation to start running and to get fit as a teen?
Why do I get chills after running?
What is the most time-efficient aerobic workout?
How frequently do YOU back squat vs. front squat?
Is possible for someone who has never been physically active to become really fit and strong?
How can I train my (bulky) body for long distance running?
How do I eat without lifting my arm?
How is walking good for the heart?
What is the best ab vacuum exercise?
What happens if I don’t do ab exercises properly?
What diet do Indian sportsmen/athletes follow to keep them fit?
What are the pros and cons of compound exercises?
What is the science behind not liking to exercise? (in the brain)
Can a complete strength training program be built around kettlebell swings, the barbell deadlift, and bodyweight pull-ups?
How can I build muscles if I have a coronary heart disease?
I am 165 cm tall, and I weigh 44kg. I exercise twice/week and eat healthy, but somehow my body stopped changing. How can I gain muscle mass?
Do pelvic muscles exercises really work for men?
How can I stay fit and healthy at home without going gym?
How many workout studios offer TRX classes in Chicago?
Is there any disadvantage in taking protein powder to the gym for a guy?
What are some of the best stretches for the pectoral minor muscle?
Why does every train stops at Visakhapatnam for 20 minutes?
Is there a hazard to exceed my max heart heart rate (220-39) with high blood pressure?
How do I train effectively in Ramadan -Weightlifting?
How bulletproof are the weighted vests used for exercise?
Does strength training burn the same amount of calories as cardio to lose weight?
What are the benefits of stretching before and after workout?
Does cardio make you lose muscle?
Will continuous exercise to my physical limits, even in old age, give me a longer lifespan?
What is the best setting to work your calves on a treadmill?
What is best for burning belly fat: sit ups or running?
If I go from no exercise to running 1 mile a day without changing my diet, will I lose weight?
Will squatting alone get you huge legs?
Is lifting 30kg weight 20 times and 20kg 30 times the same?
If you were seen doing some unusual exercise (e.g. yoga, parkour), what would your response be to "what are you doing" and "why are you doing that"?
Can I join a gym for increasing my height?
What can I do to make my butt bigger besides exercise and invasive surgery?
Why do our muscles tire from static exercise?
Is it ok to flirt with the gym receptionist?
How do I take whey protein, before workout or after workout?
Why can I do more pull-ups but less chin-ups?
If someone fell off a treadmill in front of you, would you help?
What is your review of Arhatic Yoga?
What is 15 minutes daily workout/exercise to remain fit for girls?
When working out a particular muscle group, should I take a 3 day gap or a 5 day gap, before hitting that muscle again?
How do I stop using the PC too much and study more/workout more?
I'm a 16 year old girl and just ran a 8:50 mile. I haven't done any physical activity in the last 2 years. How do I improve my mile time?
Is it bad to have different workouts ever other day?
Can a person get from being very physically unfit and unhealthy to very fit and strong in a year, if already skinny?
I'm weightlifting 4 days a week and including 5-7 serving of fruits and veggies daily, does taking a multivitamin beside considered much?
What workout split works best for you?
Is it acceptable to talk to a guy you find cute who works out in the gym where you work?
Are we fit if we eat well and exercise daily?
If I lie down in bed and a machine moves my body parts, does that amount to exercise?
How do I convert my cycle into gym cycle?
I can complete a 1600-meter race in 6.54 minutes. Can I complete this in 5.30 minutes? How can I improve my time?
Is it beneficial to train the same muscles/muscle groups every day at the gym?
Do you need to train your legs if you combine sprinting, walking on an incline, and cycling? Squats cause hemorrhoids and leg extensions damage the quadriceps tendon.
What are some advanced gym exercise?
What are the best exercises to have a balanced shoulder complex?
Does heavy workout terminate pregnancy?
How do I get/convince a very overweight friend of mine to go on a diet or to workout?
How should I be working out?
Which type of stretches are recommended for the beginners, dynamic or static?
What is the best home exercise app for male?
Is it possible to be explosive and do plyometric exercises at 80 or more years of age?
What should I study at the university? I am into yoga and Pilates.
What is a good full body workout with a bench press and a pull up bar?
Does doing high intensity sprints reduce the muscles?
What are some good stretches to improve flexibility?
How does a slim person build up his muscles in the next 4 months?
How often should you resistance train when you are in your mid-40s?
What is the difference between exercises of bodybuilders and weightlifters?
Is solving a Sudoku puzzle a good exercise for the mind?
What is the best way for me to lose my last layer of body fat, but still gain muscle?
Let's say X does strength training for one year, and Y does cardio for one year. Who burns the most fat?
Is it possible to get a pointy nose with nothing else but face exercises?
How do I tell my dad that I can't do a chin up?
Are people generally attracted to people who are similar to themselves? If I want to date someone who’s physically fit, should I become fit, myself?
How do I reduce fat on hips and belly?
Will I gain muscle faster if I have a fitness coach?
What workout can I do at home in order to build muscles in a short amount of time?
Does penile traction exercise and other exercises for penis enlargement work?
How do I strengthen my legs for a backstroke kick?
What is the correct way to grip a pull-up bar?
Which is best brand for workout wear?
Is it doable to walk for 2 hours to run an errand, then walk back home the same way, for a total of 4 hours?
How much time should I workout in order to make my body strong enough?
What is the point of exercise if my face is hideous?
I'm 20. How can I go from 5 ft 9 to 6 ft 1?
How do I get visible abs?
Which is better- swimming or gym?
What is the best reps/sets range for strength and muscle building for a 43-year-old person?
Are there any side effects when doing a workout without a proper diet?
Will exercise help with saggy skin?
As a gym owner, what is the best step to take after finding out a client has been diagnosed as anorexic?
How do I lose 40 kgs in 6 months without going to a gym, by doing exercise at home and running?
How many times should I masterbate in a week?
How do I work out at home to build a six-pack?
Which are techniques used in preschool to improve physical fitness in Kids?
How many hours is best to work out a muscle part when training to achieve muscle mass?
How can a skinny 16 year old guy start getting in shape with just a pair of dumbbells, a pull up bar, and a treadmill?
Should I workout by doing calisthenics/bodyweight training or by running as a teenager?
What is the best form of exercise?
What is the best fitness center in the USA?
Is 7.5 miles considered a long distance to walk or run?
Your maximum weightlifting capacity may be 50 kg. If you were asked to lift a 500-kg weight, how would you do it?
What if I trek a hill every morning instead of going to the gym?
What results can be seen after doing 20 minutes elliptical trainer daily?
How do we even walk?
How can I distract myself from gym workouts to office work?
What should I eat before going to the gym? And should I take bath before going to the gym?
How do you know when an exercise pain is the kind that strengthens vs. the pain that leads to injury?
What are exercises that resist height?
What's Dale Steyn's workout?
What is a good workout routine for those trying to gain weight?
How do I get really strong forearms?
What are the main causes for overtraining?
If I start lifting weights, will I start getting women?
For his physical fitness regimen, a man decided to jog three times a week, swim twice, and ride his bike twice. If he will engage in only one of these exercise forms each day of the week, in how many ways can he schedule his weekly exercise schedule?
Does doing sit-ups on a bed make them easier to do and thus making them less effective?
Can I see a notably ripped physique if I box 5 times a week up to 4months? Currently I'm 72kg with 21% body fat.
I have had an ACL replacement. What leg exercises should I do, and which ones should I avoid?
Are Mike Mentzer’s training and diet a preferable resource for the gym for a mere amateur?
How do I run the mile at school faster?
What are the best tabata workouts without any equipment?
What kind of body and muscles can you get with only a bodyweight workout?
Should I start gymming?
How does a chiropractor treat muscle imbalances without exercises?
Why do spinners don't take a run up?
Are there specific ab exercises to form abs for women or do they give the same results for both genders?
Will my running hurt my strength?
How does running in place differ from running on a treadmill?
What are some good shoulder workouts?
Is working out twice a day for 2 weeks equivalent to working out once for a whole month for fat loss?
What are some examples of men's workout gear in 1990-1991?
How do I start a home gym and earn money?
I'm a young guy and go to the gym 3 times a week for 6 months, what foods or drinks should I avoid to gain visible abs?
Are there other websites like SQLZOO with numerous SQL exercises?
What workout routine can I do 3/4 times a week with just an adjustable weight dumbell (up to 105 on each) and a pull up bar?
Could I develop a lot strength in two years training five days a week?
What is the best way to get in shape for capoeira classes in three months?
How healthy are runners compared to fit and healthy people who exercise but don't run?
If I burned 500 calories as a warm-up before swimming, do I have to snack first or swim right away?
The body produces adrenaline to raise the heartbeat during both exercise and emotional stress. Why, then, is exercise good for the heart, but stress isn't?
What is the best workout to strenghten my core?
Where in Rishikesh can I learn Kundalini Yoga?
How do I acquire the ability to immediately understand math, without going through exercises?
If doing Olympic-style powerlifting workouts increases your muscles, why do bodybuilders work out using a split system?
Can people with a simple kidney cyst work out at the gym and lift weights?
How much do you walk on average every day?
If someone gave you $20 to dance for 30 minutes, would you do it?
People keep saying that going to the gym at an early age can stop your growth. Why?
How can a girl reduce the size of her thighs?
Which exercises make your shoulders and biceps shrink in size?
How do I control my bowel movements which strike every morning when I run, even after finishing two rounds of excretion?
Is a workout still effective if I rest between the exercises?
How do I do a front push kick properly?
What could help people maintain their muscle strength during a weeks long hospitalization?
What is the best way to combine running and weightlifting to provide optimal improvement in both?
How can I decrease my weight from 65 to 55 kg without boring physical exercise?
Can a person become 6ft or 6ft 5in+ tall by exercising, regardless of genetics?
What are the advantages of workout in gym?
What Is the best way to promote at home yoga classes?
What should be one's workout intensity to maintain shape once they've reached their health goal?
How can I make my body stronger?
Should I workout if my upper ankle hurts?
Does exercise make you more productive at work?
How can one improve his physical strength without going to the gym?
Why are most people against workout partners or "fitness buddies?" I love mine.
Is it better to start a workout with cardio and then proceed to strength training or is it logical the other way round?
How can I keep my knees in line when squatting? I experience a lot of popping and clicking after I squat.
How should I lose upper body weight?
What daily exercises can improve my writing?
Is it safe to exercise (body pump, running) with polycystic kidney disease and kidney stones?
What is the best workout routine to follow for a college student looking to pack on muscle?
What are the best websites for workouts?
When you stop consuming protein, how long until you feel the effects?
What will happen to my body if I stop going to the gym after one year?
How can I work out (strength, muscle building) while on a trekking tour with no access to a gym?
How do I use negatives to increase my pull-up repetitions?
If I lift weights and do high intensity cardio, what should my routine schedule be? I'm 42 years old.
Does doing push-ups and lifting dumbbells, daily, affect one's basketball shooting form?
Which floor exercise at home is better for women with bad knee?
At the age of 17 years old, how many push ups or pull ups should one do, considering that the person is fit?
What should be the sequence for yoga, Pranayam and meditation?
Has anyone had a knee arthroscopy for microfissures? Was it successful? I can't exercise my leg as instructed without excruciating pain.
Why does time seem to slow down during exercise?
Bench presses push pectorals to failure. Squats hit the quads. When you run until you're out of breath, what muscle is the weak link?
Will working abs exercise any negative impact on your belly fat loss? A friend said doing lots of abs exercise will make the belly fat hard to loose.
Has working out ever helped you in an altercation?
Can normal people do Saitama's workout routine? Would it do more harm than good?
Why should you warm up before playing badminton?
Which is better, a workout for your whole body in a single day or a workout for different body parts every other day?
What is the best way to increase physical strength and be able to do more pushups?
What are some effects of doing intense cardio for 2 hours every day?
What is a perfect and the best five-fingers exercise video for piano?
Do all aerobic activities have the same health benefits?
What is a good intense 10-15 minute kettlebell workout I could do after work?
What exercise one should do to lose 40 kgs of weight?
Where do teachers get changed for gym class or sports?
Why is there intense knee pain after a leg workout?
How do abs work?
I have a squat rack, a bar, a bunch of plates, a bench and a dip station. Can you help me come up with a solid upper-lower split routine?
Will my bones and muscles gain less strength if after a workout I heal them with cold temperature?
How long will it take to notice a difference from working out 20 minutes a day?
How might one build up strength and stamina in a dog, in a way that’s not harmful to the dog?
Why is it that when I experience nerve pain, like sciatica, that movement takes it away like a simple dumbbell workout with light weights?
How can I improve my muscles without using equipment?
Are there any workout routines that are still effective with a simple diet plan?
What is the use of pull up and pull down resistors in a micro-controller?
What is better, jogging for 25 minutes or walking for 1 hour?
Can you improve vision with excercise?
What are some upper body workouts if you’re so weak you can't do a push up?
Should I just keep studying all day or go out and have some physical training as a refreshment (preferably a gym)?
Is it possible to build a fitness-model-like body in 9 months naturally?
What is the best equipment for Nike+ Training Club (exercise rookie)?
What should one prefer for a toned body, aerobics, Zumba, Pilates, yoga or weight training in the gym?
I've recently started to go to the gym but I don't know how many sets and reps of each exercise I should do. Should I use the 4-2-4 technique?
Should I carry on doing my squats although I have pain in my thighs?
Will doing chin ups, push ups, sit ups and squats for 4 days a week as well as running 3-4KM for 3 days a week make me stronger and a better athlete?
What scaled down movements do you practice to increase your pull ups?
What was the experience like for someone who got into FIT?
How can we install weight sensors in a robatic arm?
Is it okay to walk in the morning and go to the gym in the evening and do yoga?
I am extremely healthy in most ways, but I just won't exercise. What are some ways to overcome my psychological barriers to exercise?
Is there a diet/fitness regime for people 64 and over that actually works?
Can crossfit be a good alternative to circuit training in competitive rowing?
Why is my right arm swollen after a workout at the gym? I am having no pain but my arm feels heavy. What is the reason?
I get chills after running. Should I be worried?
Is swimming for 1 hour daily enough of an exercise for a healthy heart if I also consume a lot of butter daily?
What does it take to be a cardiovascular surgeon?
When a man with a nicely toned and muscular body with abs is at the beach, how likely is it that he'll get attention?
Does doing uperbody weight lifting build visible abs?
If I don't feel like going to the gym after work, would going in the morning be a good idea?
Is it better for a 42-year-old to lift weights 5 days a week or 6 days a week?
How do I do cardio exercise at home without equipment and increase stamina?
What are some calisthenics exercises for shoulders (that do not involve pull-up bars)?
Can I take L-arginine before a workout?
What are some muscle building exercises at work place?
How long shall I jog for optimum cardio benefit?
What should be eaten for breakfast when you workout in the evening everyday?
What exercises should I do to reduce my baldness?
How exercise improves our memory?
How can I as a woman be as strong/fit as some of the crossfitters out there?
Is doing push ups right after getting up bad for me?
What are some creative ways to do crunches and sit-ups?
Will there be a problem if I do weight training for full five days a week?
What weight loss exercises should I do if I can’t run?
Is it possible to go to a gym fully decked in knight armor?
What are the best whole body exercises?
What kind of cardio is good for asthmatics?
How do I maintain my BMR and muscle mass after I stop exercising?
May I save my muscular mass by three swimming workouts and only one weight lifting workout per week?
Are yoga (ashtanga or vinyasa) and pilates safe for moderate mitral valve prolapse?
What are some good exercises to help build your strength back up in your back after having a tumor removed from your upper back?
I'm a vegetarian who started going to gym. How do I increase my body mass and what should my diet be?
I feel my abs under my fat, should I do more ab workouts or more fat burn?
Why is it that when I try to do simple stretches, I feel like I'm pulling something in my leg?
How many calories would a 7 stone female burn running on the spot for an hour?
How do you get back to exercising after a back injury and gout attack?
How many calories will we burn if we lose 100 grams of weight?
How can we get V-shaped heads formed by the piezometers, rather than a parabolic shape, during the experiment of verification of Bernoulli’s principle?
What is the relationship between ritual and yoga?
What is the way to increase the AMH hormone through exercise, medication or food?
Why is the chin-up harder than the bench press?
What is the best fitness program at home?
How can I build my body to be like Arnold’s?
Do all ugly people get sexy by going to the gym?
How do I know that the exercises I do are in fact burning calories, and not just giving me sore muscles, or does sore muscles mean that I have burnt calories?
Aside from the importance of nutrition, what are some great exercises to build muscle while efficiently burning fat?
How can I increase only the length of my legs?
What is the best for weight loss, going to a gym or aerobic activity?
What is it like working at Anytime Fitness?
How can I get started weightlifting?
What are the benefits of doing pushups? How does it help women? How many reps. should one do?
Can a female build up strength same as a male through weight lifting and exercises?
What are the health benefits of exercise?
Can I build muscle in one month?
What is the importance of rest after a workout?
What is the best way to burn 3,500 calories in one day?
Why did the finger wrinkle after swimming?
Why do a lot of non-straight women have broader shoulders? Is it a biological reason linked to homosexuality?
Does going to the gym and lifting help you lose fat? I've been doing it regularly for 4 months, but I still have a two pack. I'm still fat.
How do you know if the weights are too heavy or if you are just wimping out?
Can you do 'sit ups' standing up?
Is it bad for men to have soy protein (more specifically after weight lifting)?
Can I lift weights 5 days in a row? I'm 42 years old.
Will walking on all fours strengthen my knee caps?
What are the best advices to warm up before a poker online session or before a live tournament?
Can pushups lead to bigger manboobs, as it always happens with me?
Will there be problems in the future if I do an abs workout at an earlier age?
Why is my upper body square type?
How can I begin the business in yoga?
How did you gain your muscle mass? What did you eat and how did you train?
Is it possible to increase one’s chest from 70 to 81 in 4 to 5 months? How much does one need to workout?
What is a good exercise that can be done with a thick stick?
How do you know if you’re overtraining?
What is the core strength of your family? Why do you think it is so strong?
What is a good time to do workouts?
Can I do yoga if I’m overweight? Where do I find tips for doing yoga?
How do I get toned legs & a big butt?
Is running (6+ mph) considered moderate or vigorous exercise?
How can I build a massive chest with heavy weights?
Can a girl start playing physical sport, like wrestling or weightlifting, at the age of 25, with the aim of winning medals?
With a torn meniscus, what body weight exercises can I do? I have been using kettlebells, but I don't want to cause any more damage.
What do I have to do to get abs?
Why do westerners who perform yoga as an exercise, call themselves yogis when its meaning is different in Sanskrit and you have to earn it?
How do you determine how much weight is right for you for a leg press?
Which is the best workout programme for losing 30 kgs in three months?
How will 8 minutes of sprinting and 45 minutes of swimming twice a weekend affect me physically?
Is it hard for women in hijab to exercise?
Is it bad I only hydrate right before my workout?
I'm an active person that trains CrossFit about 6-7 times week. How many calories may I take in daily?
How can I prevent pain in my knees while doing leg stretching?
Should you use your core on every exercise you do when weightlifting?
How often a week, including 3 workout sessions, should I do cardio to burn stomach fat (for an 18-year-old)?
Can a ripped-apart body be embalmed?
Does a women's only gym have to allow a transgender female to male person to work out in the gym?
Can I build a good physique on 2 meals a day?
What are perks of exercising in the morning than other time?
What are good exercises after a knee reconstruction?
Is there a name for exercises (routines) that don't require squatting/bending down?
Assuming willpower and pain are non-factors, what is the most efficient way to acquire physical fitness overall?
What will happen to my legs if I run 10-15km per day? Is it harmful?
How do I increase my muscles?
What workout is better for losing weight from the midsection? High intensity cardio, circuit training or cardio?
Are fit Nordic skiers (cross country) more fit than fit professional high altitude mountaineers?
What should my diet plan for six-pack abs be if I exercise/work out at home without equipment?
What is the best machine for abs in the gym?
How should I start exercising again after 5 years?
Is Hyper Blaze good for health if I want to decrease fat and make lean muscle?
How should I move my arms while running?
What are the best facelift exercises?
Does it affect working out in summer?
How can I train myself to ride 100+ km on a bicycle at a stretch with one month of training?
What are the best plyometric exercises to jump higher?
How do I become a Pilates instructor in the USA?
Will a bigger chest make you faster?
What is above physically strong for an Adult man?
What is the longest I should be riding an exercise bike?
My parents say if I miss school for being sick, then I can't lift weights the same day. Is this right?
What is the minimum age for a person to join the gym?
How can I start gym exercises?
Can you suggest some simple yogasanas, which can make a person physically fit?
How do some guys get so strong without ever hitting the gym?
What types of exercises can a patient with spondylolisthesis do?
How can I build my chest if I'm skinny?
What time is ideal for a morning walk?
How is Yin yoga different from other types of yoga?
What are some good makeup techniques for minimizing the appearance of a double chin?
Which is best, running or swimming?
Which exercise is better for getting slim, crunches or plank?
What do people do to get flat abs?
Which is the best fitness band for under Rs. 1500?
What is the best exercises for jumping higher?
Is yoga or pranayana better for us to keep healthy?
Does NSIT have a gym? If so, is it good enough to work out?
What are the best workouts to lose weight without machines?
What is the link between, if any, cigarettes, insulin levels, and fat burn/deposition?
How much should you rest in a day?
Have you ever felt more tired than usual during a resting time while not working out?
What is the different body shapes of girls?
I used to be able to do multiple sit-ups in a minute. Haven't tried them in a while and now I can't even get up. Why?
What is an interesting way to get in shape?
What muscles are used while skipping?
After an exercise, I felt like throwing up and my vision became very bright, like the grass was glowing neon green. Does anyone know why it occurred?
I need to increase my stamina in around a week for a boxing match. How do I do it?
Is it best to do cardio before or after a workout if you are doing weight loss training?
Is there a way to tone legs without bulking them?
What is the best gym routine for an ectomorph?
Can I run 2.4 km in 15 minutes?
What are some tips for improving leg flexibility?
What are the best workouts for men who are 50+?
Is it really necessary to wear rubber shoes even when you're just exercising at home?
I'm an out of shape 20 year old male with mild asthma and am a bit fat in the stomach - would I be accepted into basic physical training?
What are your best eye muscles stretching techniques?
What's the best workout routine for my off season?
What are the most effective circuit excercises (i.e. Push-ups, tricep-dips etc)?
Do I still have a chance of widening my hips?
What are some absorbing hobbies I can do at home? I have struggled my whole life with being bored at home. I read, exercise, and play backgammon.
How long does it take to see results from working out as a teen?
What do you do to stay in shape while on holiday?
Which is better for post-pregnancy tummy toning: Zumba, gym or yoga?
How do pros train their abs in the beginning of their career? Which exercises do they perform and how many days per week?
Do I need a gym membership in order to lose fat and gain muscle?
What is the best workout routine to build strength and mass?
What’s up everybody?
Do you lift weights primarily to get stronger? Or more muscular?
How do I do a plank properly?
What are the reasons to feel shortness of breath and sweating while excercising?
Is it okay to just do side jacknives for obliques? Because I heard somewhere that obliques work for twisting as well.
How can I exercise my focus?
What's the best way to gain upper body mass without gaining lower body mass?
Can I exercise while fasting in the month of Ramadan?
Is it necessary to reduce the number of bars in a column if its height is being reduced?
Why does my body hurt after I run with spikes?
What conditioning or other exercise can I do to improve my fitness in this arena?
Would I have stronger legs in only 1 month of gym to win the sprint competition? I've been working out a bit earlier. I really want the truth!
Should I jog and do workout (at the same time in the evening) or should I start with jogging in the morning and do workout or exercise in evening?
What is the best fitness method to get stronger over a span of 2 months?
Is it possible to grow my butt without lifting weights or doing squats?
Am I suppose to have my shoulders/arms completely relaxed when I walk or lift them slightly higher?
How can I encourage people for yoga?
What should I do to get fit as a teenager and get skinny, strong and healthy?
Is there a good body weight exercise which complements push ups (i.e. Develops different muscle groups like biceps)?
I'm experiencing extreme muscle pain from both arms and shoulders, due to a dumb workout, that has lasted for 3 days, what should I do?
Currently I can run 6 km in 40 min. How long will it take for me to reduce the time to below 30 if I do this daily?
How do I get skinny without exercising?
When is it better to drink water in the morning, before exercising or afterward?
Can I swim in the morning and workout in the evening? Will swimming kill off my muscles? I love swimming and I want to workout too.
Why should I make time for exercise?
Is it possible to increase my max running distance by 1 mile over a duration of one week?
Can creatine benefit me if I run a mile every single day?
Is it possible to get skinny through cardio without building noticeable muscles? I want to loose weight but at the same time not build big muscles.
What is the best way to chisel my abs?
The only thing I’m good at is lifting weights. How can I get paid doing what I’m only good at?
What are some exercises I can do in the gym for my injured shoulder (my left shoulder hurts when I bring it across my body and down to the right)?
Is the boxing speed ball good for toning the upper body?
What are the best ways for people who work out to prevent muscle injuries?
Why don't most crossfit gyms preload their WODs into apps such as BTWB or Wodify?
How do I build muscle in 6 months?
What should I do first, running or exercise?
Why can't I do more than 20 push ups? Could it be that my back is too weak?
How is Nitrro Fitness?
Shouldn’t the Indian police maintain fitness standards even for regular service members since most lose track of fitness once they get selected?
How do I gain lean muscle mass without fat?
How many push-ups are you able to do on a daily basis?
How do I see DBT/JRF result?
What are the best 15 minutes workout to stay in shape?
Which is more beneficial for slim people badminton or brisk walking?
Can someone chart out a schedule for me to get back in shape and get a nice physique?
Can I get a full-body workout with a 45lb kettlebell?
What are the health benefits of doing pilates during pregnancy?
Do you ever struggle with staying committed to running? What's your biggest motivation?
How many exercises do I do for a compound workout day?
Is going to the gym good for the physique of a girl?
Does a full body workout with weights help with muscle hypertrophy?
Which exercise machines do you use at home for working out?
Why are my legs constantly aching until my next sleep even after a little bit of running?
Which it the best fitness center?
What are the best things to eat when one is gymming?
Can anyone help me with a skit idea on yoga day?
What are good games that function as great brain exercises?
I used to exercise with high reps and it made my muscles hard, why is it that working with lower reps keeps muscles soft (though stronger)?
How many months does it take for a complete body transformation if we do gym workouts for 2 hours a day, 6 days a week?
What is the best exercise for monster, massive shoulders? Which supplements are best?
What are the benefits of getting Yoga Certification?
What is the perfect weekly schedule to reach my highest cardio potential?
Will planking at random times help me get slightly leaner if I did it everyday?
What are some natural post-workout meals for after working out at the gym (gaining)?
How much volume work for each and every muscle?
How can I lose my fat in a week without going to the gym?
How many calories does constant and proper hula-hooping burn?
Doing weekend exercises is bad. If you don't build up protection against oxidative stress through regular exercise, you're likely to do your body harm. Is this true?
Is it normal for the front part of my calves to hurt from standing too long?
If you're a runner, do you seek out other runners to run with when you travel?
Why are squats more important than any other bodyweight exercises?
What would be a hypothetical daily workout for a Broadway lead?
Is there an exercise which can replace sit-ups? I've heard they have a high body DMG percent.
What is a Iyengar yoga class like?
What is the best way to improve myself (in running)?
I have to run 50m in 6:30 seconds. What are the best exercises/routine/tips to improve this?
How much should I workout each day as ateen?
I absolutely suck at running. I can hardly run one mile all the way through. What running program should I do to get better at running fast?
As a beginner (at home), if I don't increase the weight of a dumbell but keep adding reps and sets, will I still build good strength and muscle?
How can I get thicker thighs?
How would you intelligently work out 449*249 without a calculator?
How do I reduce chest fat?
What are the differences between exercises to build strength and exercises to build muscle?
Can anyone hold bicep dumbbells for 30 minutes without rest, given the dumbbells weigh 20kg (45lbs) each?
Can you suggest some home exercises to reduce weight?
What should I know before I go to the gym for muscle mass gaining?
If I don't sweat while riding my bicycle, does that mean I am not burning calories?
What are other best options than lifting weights to have a fit body?
What is a good home workout trying to get lean muscle? I don't have dumbells or weights at my house.
Does mental stamina build over time?
How do I become happy as a teenager and get good grades and get fit?
How would doing 10 push ups and sit-ups a day affect my body?
What are the basic and secondary functions of a home gym system?
Why it is always recommended to do cardio 4-5 times a week? Is it harmful to do 6-7 times/week?
Is going to the gym once every two days good?
What is the most effective workout for a tummy muffin?
Which exercises are good for sex?
What is the best exercise for helping reduce dizziness?
Is 41 push ups in one minute good for a thirteen year old male?
Will I gain weight if I go to the gym only 2 times a week?
Can a 15 year old boy start lifting heavy things in the gym, or should he do some pushups?
What time should a student go to the gym?
Would you use a pre-workout sucking candy if you liked the ingredients?
What daily exercises can I do (by myself) to gain the ability to get to the point immediately & not beat around the bush?
How does a skinny guy get abs without getting even skinnier?
Does anyone lift weights in space?
Is it required to buy a treadmill of 20-30kg more than the user’s weight?
Which is better, eating with your full attention in 15 minutes or while working at a computer in 1 hour?
Is gym necessary for boys?
How does a big chest size help?
Is doing 300 burpees per day a good workout?
Is morning exercise good for slim guys?
Why does walking always give me tightness in the lower back muscles?
How do I improve my excercise routine?
What are the steps I have to take to get a skinny runners body?
What are the best exercises for a smoker?
Is it really possible for a man of 28 to become fit and esthetic after being obese for 15+ years by following strict excercise and diet regiments?
How do I increase my stamina/body strength? Is there a diet supplement for it?
What exercises should one do on the first day of gym?
Why do I have veiny abs?
What's a good way to loosen up a tight lower back?
I'm a 32 year old (very) skinny guy. Are there any meal and workout plans you would recommend to gain mass?
Which are the best exercises for overall growth of the body of a 15-year-old boy?
Is it okay to train twice per body part per week?
How can I increase my chest width and the weight of my body?
What’s the best fitness watch?
Are you sore from barbell squat training?
What has research shown about whether or not people can lose fat while building muscle?
How much time should I do cycling to get rid of my pouch-like tummy?
What would happen if you train a certain exercise with negatives only?
How can I consistently improve my lifting while building running mileage? (nutrition, sleep, recovery, lifting tips)
Can I do gym twice a day?
What are the effects of exercise on cardiac function, ECG and EMG and why?
How do I lose belly fat without exercise? I'm too lazy.
Why should I do breathing exercises?
Where can I get fitness accessories?
What will happen if I ignore my triceps workout?
How can you build excellent mental and physical endurance quickly?
What are some good exercise for teen boys for whole body?
What are some examples of muscular endurance in sports?
How do I find a balance between muscle gain and cardio workouts?
How do I eat a healthy diet and lose weight?
What happens to my body if I do my workout regularly but don't add calories to my diet?
Should I draw mind maps of exercise solving instead of plainly solving exercises to get better grades in physics and maths?
Is it true that Dwayne Johnson works out at 4am?
Does cardio take away muscle too?
What exercises can I do to keep me fit, if I have lower back pain due to a bulging disc?
What should I do to improve my arm strength for push up?
How do I get lean in 2 months if I am overweight?
Is it possible to get slimmer calves and a slimmer looking face?
What is the best way to reduce weight, working out at the gym or running?
Should reservations be lifted?
What are some agility exercises examples?
How often can forearms be strength trained?
What exercises will make you strong sexually after fifties?
How can I learn to do the Asian squat?
What are the pros and cons of stretching everyday?
What are the best exercises for flat feet and fat calves?
Does regular diet and exercise help with anxiety and depression?
Does badminton count as a mild strength training exercise?
Are Zen monks encouraged to engage in physical exercise? If not, why?
How do I do a lower, upper and middle chest workout with push-ups?
What muscles do side lunges work out, and why?
How can astronauts run on the treadmill if there is no gravity?
What's so bad about Planet Fitness?
If I do at least 200 squats a day for 10 days, will I see any results in my butt?
Why do rowers train six days a week, twice a day?
If I do weight training 4 days a week but don't eat enough, will I be in danger of over training?
Should I use sweat belt to reduce my belly fat?
What is a good 7 minute stretch programme?
How many of you (mountain/road bikers) would be interested in a fitness course for improving overall endurance/peak power/flexibility?
Why does my squat improve more than my bench?
Which exercises in gym shouldn't be done by people who had suffered from VSD previously?
What are some easy ways for people with desk jobs to stay fit?
How many calories do I burn while playing piano vigorously on my 3-hour solo gigs?
What is the best way for a senior to strength train?
How do I develop biceps and triceps? I do lift (15+15) kg dumbbells but have not gotten any impressive results.
What is the most effective way to train for handstand push ups?
How do I improve my sprinting speed? I've tried jogging a lot, but I've really only increased my stamina.
What is more effective for weight loss - weight training or cardio?
Is it good or bad to exercise in the summer?
Why does it seem that every fitness and bodybuilding instructor advocates against cardio training, when in fact it’s one of the best exercises you can do?
Can I get bigger hips with weightlifting/training? How?
What are some of the best calisthenic exercises improve my sprint speed?
Why do women sweat less than men after the same physical exercise?
Are 3-kg dumbbells good for a beginner?
Is it a good idea to go for a run after drinking alcohol?
How can I lose the flab on my stomach?
How can I improve my fitness?
How do I transition from working out with a woman to seeing if she wants to experiment by going out on a date instead of just working out at the gym together?
Is it wise for a 42-year-old to lift weights every other day, skipping one day to rest and doing a leg day twice a week?
What are some advantages of developing breathing exercises?
How I can prepare for running?
What is the best fitness routine for teenagers?
What are the effects of not working out for 3 weeks?
Are ab exercises effective and safe for the back?
After how many days can you do gym after a kidney stone cure?
How are Frenkel exercises beneficial for an ataxia patient?
What happens if we eat rice after workouts? Is it good or bad?
Why is the breath rate higher as the longer distance you run?
How long does it take to see the effects of a healthy diet, and what are the effects that take place?
What are the best exercises to grow your legs?
What is the best workout exercise to get a toned body without going to the gym?
What is a valid excuse for wanting to switch out a swimming semester in HS with another activity for physical education?
Do you feel something in your knees when squatting?
Is it harmful to run daily?
How many times a week should I workout to grow a butt?
What do handstands exercise?
Can a member bring a partner to Anytime Fitness?
What is the best summer workout?
What is the best workout routine for an 18 year old to reduce fat?
Should I buy a magnetic resistance or brake resistance exercise bike?
How do I strengthen and increase my wrists (not the forearms)?
Which exercises can increase our height after 18 years old?
What would have been the male equivalent of women's workout gear and neon during 1990 to 1991?
Is it best to meditate before or after exercise in the morning (and why)?
I am 20 years old and very lean. I have a 20 kg gym kit. What exercises should I do with it to build muscles?
Is it more beneficial to do body weight exercises (e.g. press-ups) when you wake up or before you go to bed?
What will be impact on my body, if I do cycling and skipping rope for half an hour each?
Will lifting heavy weights or less weight help for chest-building?
How does a foodie, who hates to exercise, lose weight?
How do I lose weight if I love beer and hate dieting?
At what height from the ground should I place the pull up bar?
How does Prozac affect exercise performance?
Is my perception right that harsh prison sentences were pushed during the crack epidemic but in the current heroin problem they're pushing treatment?
Is it good to eat an apple and a banana after exercising or does it just add fats into my body?
How do I convert DhT into testrone again by exercise?
If someone does an hour of weight lifting, how many calories does that burn?
Which exercises will give you broad shoulders without going to a gym?
What is the optimal exercise regime and food for muscle mass gain for a 40 yr old male?
Do I have gynecomastia or is it just chest fat? I'm 18 years old, 6′1″, and 81kg.
What would happen to exercise ISO if AMT is repealed?
Is it possible to workout hard (and do relatively heavy lifting) at 80 years of age, without needing testosterone replacement therapy?
How much time should I do skipping to reduce tummy fat?
What are some good collarbone exercises?
Can you take an Ultracet tablet for body pains due to a heavy workout?
Can we do exercise after drinking soda?
What streches can I do before crossfit?
In America, why isn't rope-climbing a common exercise in P.E classes anymore?
What time should a fit, strong and healthy 15 year old boy be getting at 1.5 miles?
What are some good exercises to get rid of thick hips?
About physical fitness, are you physically fit? Are there any athletic goals you want to achieve? What are your personal goals to stay healthy?
Is it possible for a 40+ age fit man to 'start over' and build muscle and tone up?
Which is the best exercising machine to buy to reduce tummy fat?
Is it possible to build overall body muscles and reduce belly fat at the same time?
How can I gain muscle in my upper body as a competitive swimmer?
What is the best way to reduce weight, by jogging, cycling, or swimming?
After a long break from exercise, which protein supplement is good for recovery?
How can you get buff fast at home?
How do I breathe effectively during sports such as football?
What is the best abs workout for visible abs when you have 12% and below of fat?
Where would I get a personal coach for weight lifting in Chennai?
Why do some yoga masters have big bellies?
How do celebrities manage to work out during their travel?
Should I do cardio/HIIT for 1-2 months then weights?
Where can I get 1 minute and 5 minutes candlestick charts?
How do I get sponsored in the fitness industry?
What are wrong things in yoga, is it medically foolproof?
Is the strength gained from squatting everyday not permanent?
I’m 15, nearly 5'9 and 198 pounds. Should I intensively workout my whole body in a day, 3 times a week with 2 days of gap for resting and light calisthenics?
Why do we feel fatigued before going for a workout?
How can I reduce my waist by skipping?
What are the benefits of Yin Yoga?
What does a male in his twenties need nutritiously every day for his body?
How can someone be able to do cardio in a small space?
What are some good exercises to build strength without using weights and machines?
What is the difference between Ashtanga Yoga & Hatha Yoga? Which one is more beneficial?
How long does it take to lose weight, if I walk for 1 hour or 2 hours every evening and do crunches?
After how many days can eyes be cured by yoga?
How much do seniors workout on average?
I walked 2.7 miles to and 2l7 miles from in 1 hr. Is that fast?
How many sit-ups should I do to get abs quickly?
For building our muscles, should we repeat the same exercises for ages, or should we bring some variation to it? If so, how often should we change our exercises for a particular body part?
What is a good workout and diet plan for beginners?
Which exercises do we have to follow to make biceps or to tone arms without any gym equipment (for girls)?
Do women notice when guys start working out?
What are the Indian Army workouts every day? What kind of endurance workouts do they do daily? Can you give a full detail list of their workouts?
What can pilates do for your body?
Which exercise can I do when I am following a diet?
Are there specific ab exercises to form abs for women, or is it the same for both genders?
What will happen if I stop exercising for 7 days?
What are ways to strengthen relationships?
How can we use the Accenture gym in the morning or evening during working hours? Will our boss allow us to go?
What are the benefits of jumping rope for losing weight?
Which exercise is preferable for a 17-year-old beginner?
Should I always use eccentric slow movement in every single reps of my workout?
Why do we lose endurance first when we stop weight training?
What is aerobic endurance in football?
Can we take ProteinX without doing a workout?
How many laps do I have to run/walk around my house to equal 2 miles?
What's an all natural exercise to increase your size down below to build confidence?
Why can’t I deadlift my 1-rep max after a 4-rep warm-up set, but I can deadlift the 1-rep max on days when I do zero warm-up?
Is it important to wear a supporter while working out. I have been going to the gym for the last two years. Is it okay to not wear a supporter?
How many times should I do eye yoga exercises?
What is the best gym routine to build lean muscle?
What should be the diet for a pure vegetarian who doesn’t even eat eggs so that the person can have a body like this? Also, suggest some workout hours in the gym, if you please.
What is the best workout split on season for mass?
Has anyone done the exercises present after the tutorials on TensorFlow?
If one can do 50 push-ups in one go, what does it tell us about his/her physical state?
What's a definitive way to test whether I've injured my anterior deltoid or the clavicle-attached portion of my pectoralis major, without scans?
Can I do yoga for 3 days, plus 3 days of gym, and one day of sports?
What are some morning exercise routine for unfit beginners?
What are the exercises I should do for running 100m if I am aiming for the Olympics?
How many calories does strength training burn?
What is the best yoga burn program for women?
When getting sun exposure, should I do it 15 minutes without a break, or can I do it 10 minutes in the morning and 5 minutes in the afternoon?
Is it true that chest dips are better than the bench press for strength and power?
How do I lose arm fat without bulking up?
How can I work out to exercise my weak wrists and forearms to make them very strong ones?
What yoga poses should I avoid if I have SI joint pain?
Will weight training get rid of my hourglass figure?
Talent isn't enough these days. Why?
Is pushing the back of your head to the seat a good exercise for your neck?
What are the best outfits for workout for a female (it would be helpful with images)?
Is jogging in place a good exercise?
Which workout should we do in the gym for height?
What is squat and milk?
What body weight is enough to make you feel heavy against a push?
At what body weight can I safely run without risking injuring my knees?
How can I do 20 push-ups in 4 days? I currently do about 15.
Can I get lean thighs by walking 3 hours daily? I'm a girl.
What is the main disadvantage of circuit training?
When does running stop hurting?
Is it okay to drink 1 scoop of Protein Powder weight gainer after a home workout?
Which exercises are best for the butt if I have hip dysplasia and bad knees?
What should I eat before a workout that will give me a lot of energy when I go for a workout at 5:00 am?
How do you get bigger ankles with exercise?
How can I decrease my body weight and fat and make muscle while doing workout at the gym? (Currently I am overweight and I am a pure vegetarian.)
How do you build muscle as a teen?
Why does the strength-to-weight ratio of Diecast parts increase with decreasing wall thickness?
What exercise should I do to lose post pregnancy weight?
What are the health benefits of going into a sauna post workout?
Is it bad if I do yoga with cardio for weight loss?
What is the best exercise to increase the width of your abdominal cavity?
I am 29 yrs old, have belly fat. Now I want to loose this belly fat along with growing muscle & proper shape of body. Is it possible at this age?
Is it alright to have a fling with someone you find attractive but works out in the same gym that you work in?
Can running reduce facial fat?
What should I eat before an insane workout?
I’m starting my workout and wonder how many days/weeks it will be until I can see muscle growth?
How do I get veiny abs?
Does general exercise help RSI write injury from coding?
How can I get a lean body at home (such as Finn Balor of WWE)?
How do you workout and eat during Ramadan?
What are the best strength exercises for women?
What are the benefits of attending fitness classes?
While doing exercise my shoulders (the area between my neck and arms) starts hurting and I cannot continue my exercise. How can I minimize this pain?
How do I get better at calisthenics?
How does exercise intensity affect your heart rate?
Why did I suddenly become a fitness freak?
How do I convert my excess belly fat into useful muscle?
Does a gym give strength?
How do I get rid of a receding chin?
Can I do both Surya Namaskar and walking, or only Surya Namaskar?
I lift weights but this is only a question to learn from. How does a person build their abs without lifting weights?
What are best chest waders?
How do I create the perfect workout plan for me if I'm a beginner and want to work out three times a week at the gym?
What are some examples of moderate exercises?
What eating plan should I follow in order to lose 5kg and tone my body? I go to gym daily and have already lost 15kg. I am 17 years old.
Is the lateral raise a push or a pull exercise?
Does working out make your shoulders broader?
Why do my forearms hurt when I hold heavy weights?
How many km/miles can I walk a day?
How do I lose 10kg in 2 weeks without a lot of exercise? I'm currently 76kg (female), with an athletic build, but my tummy is starting to pop out.
How do I increase my workout time? My muscles become so heavy after 40-45 minutes that I can’t even continue with some other muscle workouts?
How do I wake up early in the morning, in hot summers, to exercise and not feel lazy?
What's it like to walk or run 3100 miles?
Why I am not able to lose weight even after 2 years of doing continuous exercises?
What is the best exercise for a flat stomach?
Is it normal that my left side of the body (legs, shoulders, arms, chest) is bigger than my right even though I'm right handed?
I am not physically healthy. Will it be helpful for improving health if I take protein powder with regular free hand exercise at home?
How do I train for a 2 mile race?
How can I push myself to go to the gym every day?
We've all heard people say that walking is just as effective as running in terms of exercise. Is this true?
Where can you get a link for "The Shape of Voice"?
Why do people prefer to lay on the sofa vs. exercising while watching TV?
What time of day is the best time to do a workout, i.e., weight training, or does it not make any difference?
What would happen to the fat acceptance movement if a new drug which makes you lose weight without dieting and exercise was released?
Is calisthenics a possible aproach to health and strength for me as an obease middle-aged woman?
As a beginner in the gym, how should I work out? How can I stay motivated?
How often should I work a muscle group as a teenager?
Would yoga teachers find it beneficial to have a venue broker where the teacher gets 70% of the class revenues (2 times higher earnings versus a gym/studio)?
How many calories does a female Olympic gymnast burn in a day?
How are bandhas helpful in yoga therapy?
Where can I find out more about the workout app ginger that helps you find workout partners?
Why is it that when I miss one swim practice, I feel like I lost all my technique when I go back?
How can I be agile & fast only through some basic physical exercises?
A box suspended by a rope is pulled to one side by a horizontal force. The tension on the rope increases. Why is it so?
How do I fit 3 strength workouts for the entire body except the legs, a 60km jog/march and 1 swim in a week?
Does running significantly increase intelligence?
What can I do to gain body mass?
Can I build a good physique by going to the gym and eating a regular Indian diet like roti, lentils and whole milk products?
What are some effective exercises to reduce facial fat?
How do I add a reoccurring exercise on Fitbit?
How do I widen and lower my splits?
Why am I losing body weight but my shape is not changing?
Should I lift weights immediately after eating to gain muscle?
In what ways does exercise stimulate cardiac function?
Are there any boxing gyms in KL where a 14-year-old can train?
I’ve been eating healthy and exercising for over 2 months now. I don't see results yet. How long does it actually take? I actually feel kind of bloated.
Is it bad if I do only weight training and no other type of exercise for a whole year? Would doing both weight lifting and cross country be better?
What is the difference between a bulk body and a lean body?
I can run 3k in 17 mins, how to make it below 11 minutes and how long will it take if I run 4 days a week?
How can I implement a leg workout while having hemorrhoids on my family's genetic code?
Should I continue training my chest?
How far should I run to lose weight?
How do I keep energy after intense workout?
How long do I have to do these exercises until I have normal posture?
Running on tread mill is not good for knees but why sports persons get train on tread mill?
Which age is right for joining a gym?
Do push-ups shorten your arms?
How come guys at the gym can see through a woman’s workout clothes if she’s wearing a thong?
Will I still gain good weight and muscle if I'm in a calorie surplus, eat sweets and cakes but workout and exercise in the same day?
Has anyone grown taller at 16-years-old just by doing yoga?
Is a push-up/pull-up superset workout effective for muscle building?
How long do you have to exercise stock after leaving a company?
Which diet should I take to stay fit and increase stamina?
For a beginner, is it better to use your own body weight or lift weights?
How can I reduce my arms?
What's the steepest incline that a human can walk up?
What do the lines "sitting with the poison takes away the pain" mean in Coldplay's Up and Up song?
How important are core abdominal strength, leg muscle strength, and arm strength in relationship with one another?
For strengthening and long term health of tendons and ligaments, are low reps more effective or high reps?
The inward-facing parts of my calves become sore after running. How can I lessen this effect?
Tim Ernst: Regarding the anabolic window myth, do you need to avoid consuming protein for an hour after lifting weights, or after any exercise?
Can I build proper chest and shoulder without doing rod exercises and by only doing dumbell exercises?
If you have a hypertension problem and are on a prescription of high BP tabs, at what time you should take the tablet in the morning if you do cardio workouts?
Does a week of bad eating and no exercise give you noticeable belly fat?
If the human body fights against threats, why doesn't it realize that doing no physical activity is dangerous to its health and motivate a person to go to the gym?
Why is it very bad if your body lays down all day? Why is it important to bend or stretch?
Is swimming a good exercise to cure knock knees?
If an athlete were to reach his physical peak and then stop exercising regularly, how long (roughly) would it take for him to reach his peak again?
What are the requirements for an advanced yoga class?
Is the forearm a push or pull muscle?
Should peanuts be considered after or before a workout?
Is it safe to exercise in the evening (7:00)?
Should people do weightlifting even if they train in other sports?
What physical fitness workouts/exercises are beneficial to a guitarist?
Why do leg day? Why not add leg workouts to your daily strength routine?
How can I work on my pectorals with no bench, just dumbbells and a barbell?
Should I workout with heavy weights in the first set and light weights in the last set, or vice versa for optimum performance?
How can I go to a gym without losing my cheeks?
How do I get a great chest?
What is fitness? Can a person be called fit by looking at his physique or is it the probability of him experiencing fatigue at the time of action?
Why can't I pull ten chin-ups in a row even after a lot of training? What is the right technique for doing chin-ups?
Should I practice breathing exercises on a full stomach?
Should I do cardio while bulking?
How can a middle-aged woman exercise to keep fit and healthy?
Will my face look good if I lose fat and gain muscle?
How do I keep my strength but improve my endurance for running?
How do I protect my joints (especially my elbows and knees) if I lift weights 5 or 6 times a week?
How can I develop muscles without going to the gym or using any weights?
How do I maintain my muscle mass and strength with just calisthenics if I am unable to go to a gym for 2 weeks?
When you lose several pounds of fat by way of exercising, where do all those extra pounds go?
Is there anything I can do for shoulder injuries to get by without stopping I am 50 and been working out 4 days a week?
What are some good hand-strengthening exercises for boxers?
Where does energy for a workout come from, burning fat or recently eaten food?
Is exercise good for hypothyroidism?
Is it normal to lose control of your body when stretching?
As a teenager, will I get any gains if I do a full-body workout thrice a week? I also play football.
What exercises can I do to strengthen my anus?
What does Akram Khan’s current workout and diet look like?
After doing yoga religiously and being vegetarian (eating very little oil) for a month, I've lost only 2kg. Should I be worried?
Does doing yoga alone could make a person slim and fit?
What's the best way to train for or row for 2 hours?
What will happen if I do 1,000 leg raises a day?
Is chest and back a good workout?
What does it mean when your muscles are sore the day after stretching?
What are the specific health effects of Pre-Workout?
Is it a good idea for a short thin guy to work out?
Which treadmill is good to purchase?
What is the best plan to lose 10kg weight in 40 days?
What is the best trampoline park of Mississauga?
What is the best exercise for back pain?
How do I build enough strength to do a push-up while my 120lb girlfriend is sitting on my back?
What is the best time to work out during Ramadan for rapid fat loss?
Whenever I exercise, I get really exhausted and tired. I had to stop many times in between 7-minute workouts to catch some breath. What's wrong with me?
Is working 1.5 hours on push/pull/leg program considering too long?
How long should I stay in gym?
If you had to sprint or run distance, which would you do?
Can we do gym in the early morning every day at AIT Pune in the first year?
In a strength-focused weight training program, what is the best way to incorporate cardio work into your weekly routine?
Should we do meditation before running, or after running, in the morning?
How long do I have to train to be able to do 1000 pushups?
How do I need to change my exercise routine to accommodate fasting?
Can high intensity exercise cause a stroke?
Is walking for 20 minutes a day with a controlled diet, but then lying on the couch for the rest of the day going to help me lose weight?
How many miles should I run a week?
How do I start to get fit after years of non-activity? What are the best routines?
How can you treat knee pain after squatting down?
Besides weight loss, what are the benefits of daily exercise?
In a month or two, can you get a decent six-pack of abdominals?
Do guys in the locker room at the gym talk comment about some of the ladies to each other?
How can I solve the main problems about having a fitness life?
How does the heart rate and systolic and diastolic pressure change post-exercise, and why?
If the miltary press is too hard on my rotator cuff due to arthritis, what other exercises could I do?
Is it all right to eat before exercising?
What are some of the best tricep exercises for mass?
What are some effective self-affirmation exercises?
Can I fit in some short sprints during my mileage build-up and base training phase, or would it peak me too early?
How can I get shredded at home in two days?
How many calories does 30 push-ups and 30 sit-ups burn?
What exercise should I do when I'm on a vacation and I can't do much exercise?
What are some people who beat aging with exercise and lifestyle?
What’s better for losing weight from the midsection, weight lifting or high intensity cardio?
How can I reduce my belly fat? I have a slipped disc.
Does it worth to make the switch from gym to calisthenics?
What are the best workouts to get big biceps?
Is it advisable to have a nap right after a heavy workout?
How many sets and reps of hand-grip exercises should a beginner do at home?
How can I get a CrossFit body?
What are the biggest motivators today’s parents have to get healthy & in shape?
How would you workout only using children's playground equipment?
What is the most appropriate exercise to lose weight if you have thyroid irritation?
Which cardio exercise can be done at home without any equipment?
If the unathletic male with a big belly loses weight due to stretching and exercises, will he be able to learn & practice parkour and martial arts?
What are the 3 best exercises for quick weight loss?
Which is the best exercise to lose weight for a male?
How can you lose 10 lbs in one day without exercising or starving yourself?
What are some examples of muscular endurance?
What types of exercises are suitable for a 65 year old person?
What are the benefits of continuous vs interval training?
What are some good body-weight exercises to get infantry-style fit?
What are some ways to do weight training that'll help me get ripped when I won't have access to a gym because I'll be traveling long term?
How long should it take to run 5 km?
Can Arnold, or other bodybuilders, be regarded as an epitome for overall fitness (not just strength, flexibility, and mobility)?
I almost have a full beard at 16. Do I have lots of testosterone, which is good for weightlifting?
What is the quickest way to burn 800 calories with exercise?
How good is hula hooping for your abs?
How can I build a stronger chest?
Is it cool to grunt and moan while lifting weights at the gym?
Is doing 50 knee press ups the same as doing 25 normal ones?
Will I lose muscle mass on a short cut?
How do I lose belly fat without going to the gym? It would be great if workout schedules along with diet plans could be shared.
Is doing exercise 4 days a week enough for muscle building?
How can I increase my body strength/stamina?
What is the good number of push-ups in daily life?
Even after exercising I am not able to reduce my belly fat. What should I do?
What are chin-ups good for?
How do women become muscular by working out without testosterone?
How important is it to eat after a workout?
How can I get a lean body at home without using any equipment?
Can I build my body like an athlete with just body weight?
What factors are important in determining the length of time for breath holding when at rest during re-breathing and exercising?
Is Musli helpful for gym freaks?
What's the best science-based book on the fundamentals of building muscle and working out?
I'm 15 and I want to lose thigh fat and gain upper body strength. What's a good workout plan for me?
How do seniors usually commute if they want to leave their homes, for example, to participate in a fitness program?
Why am I getting weaker day by day?
Are squats good for knees?
What foods are good for anaerobic exercise?
What is the best sequence of an abs workout, yoga, and pranayama? Can we do it all?
What cardio exercise make you sweat the most?
Is increasing reps/sets the same as increasing the weight? Which is better, increasing sets or reps, and by what amount? And how long before we increase them?
How long will I have to wait to work out with heavy weights after an abdominal surgery?
Where can I find a great step aerobics class in the East Bay (Oakland, Ca)?
What should I do to lose weight? Should I do cardio or go for weight lifting?
What are the advantages of negatives for chin-ups?
Can I do body weight exercises after intense weight training?
What are some good funk guitar exercises?
What are some good training exercises for deduction?
Which type of pushups are good for us?
What's your favorite pre workout?
Is it ok to do cardio exercise before the weight training?
If at the 'full expression' of a yoga pose the yogi is supposed to be relaxed, why do teachers' dialogs still invoke intensity and hype (push, push!)?
What are some exercises that an amateur actor can do to improve his acting?
What are the benefits of doing 15 minutes of cardio a day?
Why is exercising indoors better than exercising outdoors when there is high ozone concentration in the air?
What is the best exercise to make your neck broader?
Is it ok if all I do is work out at the gym and sleep it off? I'm extremely frustrated with everything.
What is the most time-efficient anaerobic workout?
What's a quick workout that I could do to bulk up my T-shirt with muscle, without dumbbells?
What makes you stronger when exercising like a drink or protein?
Which stationary exercise burns the most per hour?
What is the best outfit for ladies going to the gym in India, and where can we get it?
Which is your favorite workout wear?
What is a good beginner workout for strength and muscle built?
How can you get a 6 pack real quick?
What is the strength and risk in the building industry?
After a mild stroke, will my brain form new pathways to the affected leg if I continue to exercise and demand more movement?
Does that strong lift 5x5 program really work for people trying to get back in shape?
Is there any free workout and nutrition regimen website or app with feedback for getting fit?
If you apply pressure to a bone every day, will it eventually move in the direction you are pushing it?
It takes Kevin 5 minutes to jog once around a circular track that has a diameter of 400 meters. About how many meters per minute is Kevin jogging?
How can I exercise my Great Dane without having to take her for a walk?
I’ve been going to the gym for the last month to build muscles, and I mean big muscles. When will I start seeing a big improvement?
Can we practice​ yoga after 6 in the evening?
What diet and what exercise should a person with a BMI of 32.74 do?
Should I eat sprout before exercise?
What is the difference between using a treadmill at a higher incline (14) but lower speed (6) as compared to a lower incline and high speed?
Do I lose my muscle gains while doing a constant run for 15 mins and after that lifting weights?
How can I tighten face skin with exercise?
What are the major physiological changes in our body during exercise, and why do they occur?
Is one egg per day enough for muscle gain?
What is Sahaj Yoga?
How can I get fit, healthy, strong and skinny as a teenager?
What are great exercises for building muscle while losing body fat without using weights?
How can I use a 24 hour fitness one-day free pass if I'm 16 years old?
What 3 workouts can I do in my little apartment to stay in shape?
What is the best workout method in 2 months?
What will happen if I run for 15 minutes daily before lifting weight?
What is the best form of HIIT workout?
How long does it take to establish "muscle memory"?
How much body weight can I reduce by exercising on a sedentary bike with losing 150 calories per day?
How do I get abs and a better body in minimal time?
How many miles could I walk/run in a day with a 40lb backpack?
What are the best ways to advertise a fitness gym?
Is it good or bad to sleep after a morning workout?
Would a wider back, bigger shoulders, stretched out fully fingers increase your wingspan?
Does burning fat increase the need for water (substantially)?
What is better freehand exercises or weights?
My legs are extremely sore from working out and I cannot even move them. Can I pray while sitting on a chair?
What is a good weight bearing exercise for osteopenia?
Is it advisable to use music as a break after reading so that you can continue in 30 minutes time?
How long before I grow taller if I swim for 30 minutes a day?
How many days a week do I do sprints to burn fat? For how long do I do the sprints? I lift weights, and I'm 42 years old.
Is a single mile in 8 minutes for a 5'7" 44-year-old male with a 28 BMI and a stocky build a good time?
Is it possible to get a flat stomach by ignoring ab workouts?
Can calisthenics build rear delts?
Is regular jogging in 40s have any relation with joint cartilage wear out?
Can I lose weight by exercising, but not changing my diet?
What's a good fitness program for a 16 year old to build muscle?
How long will it takes for me to touch my toes with daily stretching?
How can I add bodyweight exercises on workout days?
When did you decide to use a lifting belt?
Can I gain muscle if I don't add calories to my diet, while doing an increasing workout routine?
Do humans defecate more after exercise?
How do I inspire my wife to exercise regularly?
What are some good ways to get stronger without going to the gym?
Can Zercher squats be a replacement for back squats?
How many workout studios are there in Chicago?
When does the exact transformation occur for gym beginners?
What are some low-impact workouts without equipment?
Who experiences an issue when working on math or chemistry problems where each question takes an incredibly long time to work out?
If you run 3 miles one day and then another 3 miles the next, would you burn the same number of calories as if you ran 6 miles in one day?
Does heavy lifting increase punching power?
What sort of physique would you like to have?
Does exercising push ups and muscle building exercises but not weight lifting will stunt my height growth?
What are the ways to promote group fitness classes?
How long does it usually takes to add another inch on muscles with weighted bodyweight exercises?
What muscles do jump squats work?
What are some examples of historic/ancient yoga exercises?
Is only working on my upper body at the gym harmful if I run and bike frequently?
Do any IPS officers do gym workouts regularly?
What asanas should I follow to lose weight through yoga?
How do exercise bikes help people lose weight?
How many days can we stay fit without drinking?
Why do we call Tse Mudra the exercise of three secrets?
Why am I getting fat? How do I stay fit and toned?
How can I lose 10 pounds in 3 weeks without exercising?
What is the best fitness center in Malviya Nagar?
Is it advisable to go to the gym during periods?
What is the best way to get a muscular body like a male model?
Has anyone tried doing yoga/stretching after getting high on cannabis? I've been experimenting with this for a few months and I find it is highly effective.
How much weight are people lifting for the free squat?
How do I burn body fat fast and gain (or maintain at least) muscle?
Is Krav Maga a strength or cardio workout?
is drinking a cold smoothie after a workout good or bad?
Which workout targets the most muscles in the body?
What are some effective excersises I can implement into my workout routine that will speed up my progress towards a one arm pull up?
Is there any way I can improve my mental stamina?
Can I do exercises after dinner?
What is a good workout routine for getting cut, diet included?
How long after initiating a more strenuous exercise program might I enjoy increased energy levels w/o a need for additional sleep?
What is the shortest and most effective daily gym routine?
Are there any 15 or 30-minute tai chi or martial exercises one can do to increase mental and physical alertness in the morning?
How did Franco Columbu get such a wide chest when he was so short?
What should I do if I increase in weight but not in muscle?
Is it good if I run for 30 minutes, stop a little bit, then carry on running?
How can I be more fit?
Why do you feel like you can't breathe every time you exercise?
How good are fitness bands?
What are some examples of Frenkel exercises?
When you burn fat, where does it go?
Does Vivek Mittal recommend a full body workout?
How can I get toned upper arms?
How can a skinny 16-year-old guy start getting in shape with just a pair of dumbbells, a pull-up bar and a treadmill?
How do I get a wider chest at 16?
Is it okay to do both swimming and gym after 50?
Does jumping rope make jumping faster? What is the idea of jumping rope?
Why do I shake after weight training?
Where can I get online training (preferably free) for doing full body work out and gym exercises, including diet?
Can I workout my biceps and six pack ab exercises in a single day?
If you get to know that you just have 10 more minutes to live, how will you spend those 10 minutes?
Can we gain six-pack abs by doing bodyweight exercises?
How do I get my parents’ approval for lifting weights? I regularly squat 70–80 kg, just last week I was able to get 85 for 5.
What are the gym workouts for triceps?
How long should you fast if you're trying to lose the most weight possible in the shortest amount of time?
What are some short term effects of exercise on your muscles?
Which type of yoga can increase the capacity of the cerebrum?
Is working out 4 days a week enough?
How can I loose 7-8 kgs weight in 15 days?
Can exercise make your body look worse?
Being that high AST and ALT levels are the result of dying muscle tissue, could a recent, extremely high impact exercise routine be the cause of the elevation?
How do you lose fat quickly without losing lean muscle when you are at 12% body fat?
What's the difference between BodyPump and "Barbell Strength" at Lifetime Fitness?
How can I lift with an injured back?
What are some daily exercises that can improve my mathematical aptitude?
As a teenager, how much weight should I lift, and can I lift more than my body weight?
Will working out everyday make your muscles grow faster?
Should I continue ACL relaxation exercises even if I feel pain?
Which is a good two day strength workout program that complements bjj?
Why am I not able to do same number of pushups in second set as in first set?
How do rest days work when doing calisthenics?
Is it bad to have a competitive mindset when I work out?
How can a percussionist train their arms and upper-body strength?
Why do we feel headache after working out in summers?
How can I get significantly fitter and leaner in a month?
What are the best workouts to reduce belly fat and make me look slim with good abs?
How do I maintan a body built in gym with less gym time?
Will strengthening my toes and ankles increase my vertical jump and running speed?
As a 60-kg guy, how much push-up reps and squat reps do I have to do to burn 100 calories?
Is it advisable to work out your arms every alternate day?
Is there any standard workout routine for Ectomorphs?
What is the best way to increase muscle recovery time after a tough workout so you can continue exercising shortly after?
Are there any yoga classes in Udupi?
How many trams run in Poznań every day?
Could a person with low-level super strength exist (e.g., a mutation that would allow them to lift 1000 pounds)?
Why are there fake colors, dyes, and fillers in my pre-workout "health" supplement?
What should Men wear during workout in GYM?
How many calories does a 24 year old guy weighing 83 kgs burn daily if he walks everyday?
How can I improve my shoulder strength to improve throwing power?
How do I get wider hips without making my thighs and calves grow fat/muscular? If I stopped doing the excercizes, would my legs get back to normal?
Is it enough for me to do two weight training sessions and two swimming sessions a week? (I'm sixty years old.)
Why does ductility not degrade during grain boundary strengthening like in other strengthening methods?
Is yoga connected with building muscle and power?
What are the dos and don’ts for somebody who wants to start running to stay fit?
In terms of losing weight, is it better to go on a diet and not exercise as much, or to eat normally and create a strict fitness routine?
How often should one do street workout?
Which hand grippers should I buy?
What is the ultimate mental workout?
Is drinking Monster Energy safe after a workout?
As a 14-year-old female starting to go out on 20-minute runs and basic fitness exercises semi-daily, what changes should I be expecting or noticing?
How does one transition into eating two meals per day and exercising again without screwing up their metabolism?
Which kind of exercises are vital in getting maximum balance and agility for soccer?
Why does leg workout takes most strength?
What is the best exercise to lose 10 kg in 20 days?
How would you improve cardiovascular endurance?
Will I be okay with just heavy squats and deadlifts? I prefer dumbbell press. I do bodybuilding/bodyweight hybrid for the rest of my body.
How do I strengthen my abs without hurting my spine?
I was able to do 5 sets of 10 reps pull ups before resting a week, after a week I was only able to do 3 sets of 10 reps. What happened?
What are some good pre-workout foods I can eat at work without looking ridiculous?
Will my dog get ripped if I make it workout?
Is it possible to develop a good body in 1 week?
What are the best exercises to gain muscle after knee meniscus surgery?
Why can't I lift my legs during planche?
Can you work out and become a tough guy without taking any supplements?
What exercise would you suggest for a woman to lose thigh fat?
I want to lose some weight and tone my body and I am a complete beginner at gym. What exercise routine and diet should I follow?
How can I maintain a flat stomach?
What is the position of the head when doing push-ups?
What's an easy way to burn calories?
Are stretching and strengthening good for teenagers?
What's the difference between resting and exercise electromyograms?
What are the best techniques to work the muscle groups with free weights?
For muscle mass: how long to rest between sets and how long to rest before the next workout?
Is exercise good after swimming?
What do you think of the Achievemint app?
Do our height increase after the age of 17 if we do regular exercise?
What are some good hand strengthening exercises for bar chords?
If your kidney function drops, say, 6o%, is it possible to go back up with agood diet and exercise?
Why am I not improving in my exercise?
How can anyone overcome plateau in muscle development and strength?
What happens if you do cardio on a calorie surplus?
Do you use more calories lifting a 100 lb weight 30 times or a 30 lb weight, 100 times?
What do you say to fat relatives who tell you you're crazy for losing weight?
How do I achieve defined pectoral muscles and chest?
Is there any 4 day (or less) work out plans for irregular (shifts fall on different days every week) work schedules?
What should I eat before running, to get energy?
How long does it take to cure varicocele through yoga?
What exercises should a 13 year old do to get abs? How long would it take approximately?
Does lifting weights feel better than sex?
Should I squat everyday if I want a bigger butt?
What is the best way to go from flabby legs to toned legs?
Why do your hands shake after lifting weights?
What are the best lifting exercises for working out the inner thigh?
I have 6 months to get as fit as possible, does anyone have any tips?
Which one is better, gym or jogging?
I work out twice a week. What can I do at home between sessions to increase my results?
What causes you to start working out?
Do three 10-minute workouts per day give the same health benefits as one 30-minute workout using treadmill?
Which parts of your body do squats benefit? How many sets of body-weight squats should I do if I want to increase my leg muscles?
Can I train in boxing or a street workout after my rotator cuff surgery? I will have to repair my other shoulder too, after recovering from this one. I am 21.
Why does doing exercise help you reduce stress?
Which would be better for getting sixpack, full body circuit or abs exercises with cardio?
What is step fitting?
I'm female and 50 yrs. I have bat wings at both hands. What exercise do I do?
What are the best videos that demonstrate proper squatting technique?
On my rest day, I had to do a lot of tiring work; I was really tired afterwards. Even on my workout day, I felt seriously tired. Should I exercise?
I dislocated my knee. What exercises can I do?
Why is daily revision of fuel price being exercised specifically in the cities of Puducherry, Vizag, Udaipur, Jamshedpur & Chandigarh to start with?
Why do guidelines for physical activity (like ODPHP) recommend only half as much for adults compared to children? Is there any medical evidence?
What core exercises are important for runners running an average of 20 miles a week?
How long should an individual exercise their mind each day to keep from regressing in IQ?
How can a skinny boy get a muscular, broad waist?
What happens to our bodies when we don't exercise for a long time? How can we overcome that?
What are some workouts that don't need a lot of breathing capacity?
Should I workout everyday and how long if I'm weak and skinny?
How do I manage with 2 days workout?
Can you give me a workout routine?
How much heat does a workout produce?
What do students in grade 7s need for their gym class?
What is the best series of physical exercises for strengthening at home when you have little time each day?
How can I tone my arm muscles? How can I increase my muscle mass in my arms?
What is a simple workout for an 11-year-old?
How do I reduce belly, side fat and man boobs naturally by exercising or yoga for an adult (age 23 years)?
Can both leg workouts and kickboxing go together? Will I lose my flexibility?
How do I improve mental stamina?
Can you build endurance without running?
What prevents you from running/cycling with your partner?
Alternately I do cardio and strength training. I also do 1 hour of yoga before my workout twice a week and 1 hour after my workout three times a week. Is it alright?
What are good companies to buy above-average-weight free weights from?
Have you observed anyone keeping his or her wristwatch 5, 10, or 15 minutes fast intentionally all the time in order to be on time for meetings?
What is the simplest, most effective bodyweight workout routine that I can do daily to get a Greek god figure?
Is it bad to always wipe your sweat while exercising?
Is it possible to build a good muscular body in 1 -2 months without going to the gym?
Should I stop gaming and start working out more?
What is the right order for warming up, working out, running, and stretching?
I finished my IMBA by the UIUC interview in 15 minutes with 4 questions in 30 minutes of allocated time. Is that good or bad sign?
How do I energise myself mentally without a rigorous exercise regime?
I want to get stronger and more muscular by doing push-ups, pull-ups, and sit-ups. How many reps and sets should I do everyday?
How can I reduce my weight by doing exercising at home without any workout machines, and what are exercises that I can do?
At the age of fifty-plus what type of exercise is useful for a male?
What is the best exercise to slim down thighs and glutes?
How should I stretch before a calisthenics workout?
At age 50, should a woman do yoga or go to the gym?
Are there any good programs to get fairly ripped in 6 weeks, while maintaining strength?
How do I strengthen loose and flexible back muscles?
Do upright rows work the entire shoulder?
Will there be any side effects if I sleep just after my morning exercise in the summer?
When would I see results from jogging twice a day and controlling my diet?
Which is the best gym in Indore for girls?
Does being tired after nine hours of sleep, following 30 minutes of exercise, indicate that one is unfit?
What are some examples of moderate and vigorous aerobic exercises?
If I go to the gym for 2 hours for 3 days a week for 3 months, can I become reasonably thin by late ausgust starting tomorrow?
Is it okay for a 12-year-old to work out with 1 kg weights?
How do I build muscle at 15 without loosing my abs?
How do I do certifications in yoga?
Is it ok to have red eyes after doing push-ups and other exercises?
How can I make my right shoulder lift up as far as the left while walking?
After a hysterectomy at the age of 50, when can exercise or yoga be started? How much of a time gap after surgery is required to start yoga?
I want to lose fat and gain muscle, should I set my macros to lose or gain weight?
What exercises are there to lose belly, hip, and thigh fat?
Do MBBS students go to the gym?
Will hanging on a pullup bar for 30 minutes make you insanely tall?
Can I do running along with my gym? I am doing gym in mornings and running at evening and I am a vegetarian.
Which pranayama and yoga poses are recommended for someone who has already quit smoking?
What are some things you don't like about commercial gyms?
What do I eat to build my abs? I already lift weights.
What is the best app to find people to go workout with?
What are some workout and dietary hacks to burn side fat fast and naturally?
Are a fast walk and a brisk walk the same thing?
Can I drink a lot of water just after a gym workout?
What exercises should I do?
What are the benefits and reasons for doing different types of Bicep Curl?
What five weight training exercises would you choose for a full body routine?
If I smoke before exercising, will I increase endurance?
Is it possible to gain muscles (mostly on the lower body) without weight lifting and by having a healthy diet?
Does exercise help you sleep better?
What is the minimum number of days a beginner (slightly unfit) must work out to gain little biceps?
What are the best weight workout routines for rowing?
What is the best workout to lose my belly fat and water retention? I already eat real food and fewer calories, and I do cardio and strength training.
How can I adjust my penis during Sarpasana, the snake posture, in Yoga?
Can men wear slim fitting jackets for interviews?
I have a skinny fat body. Can I develop muscles at the age of 34?
What can an overweight, out-of-shape, 30-year-old do to get and stay in better shape?
Will I still burn more number of calories if I take more time sprinting than jogging per km (due to higher rest time)?
Who can lift the most weight in DC?
Why does eating protein before a workout make you sweat more?
How do one start exercising after a C-section?
What is the best way to.promote at home yoga classes?
Is it possible to be obese yet remain healthy or physically fit?
How can I get bigger arms? They are still sticks after 4 years of training.
What is the recommended balanced diet (food plan) and exercises for someone in their 20s to stay active, healthy and loose fat naturally?
What is healthier, smoking marijuana and doing regular exercise (running and weight lifting) or not smoking paired with no exercise?
What does running with weights in each hand accomplish?
Does aerobic exercise help in migraine?
How long will I grow in a month if I swim for 30 minutes a day at the age of 16?
Can I make it in the fitness industry?
How do I increase my muscles on the sides of my glutes?
What is the best practice to exercise?
What do I do if I can not do a push up correctly?
What happens when a slightly obese man decrease his daily food intake by about ⅓rd and does regular weight exercise?
Should I warm up before working out on a chest expander?
Why am I having aches and soreness when I work?
Why are my thighs so large?
What should I do when I have done my exercise in the evening after eating and now my chest is painful?
I have been hitting the gym for a while with no visible abs, how long did it take you to get them visible?
Would an exercise routine of squats and pull-ups for two hours a day, six days a week be enough for a 'fit' body?
Can you do push ups twice daily? I do 3 sets of 15 in the morning. I feel like I can do more.
If you start running in grade 11 and with no training start with a 18:30 5k, is there any hope for you?
What are the advantages of yoga in daily life?
If you do the same exercise every day does it burn fewer calories?
What is the difference between CrossFit and gym exercises?
How do I gain back my stamina after not running for a while?
How do I build muscle at 120lbs 5"7 and on a budget?
After a tibia open fracture, some part of my leg became numb due to a nerve injury. When will I gain sense back?
Are the deadlifts and squats helping to reduce weight and burn fat?
Is the age of 14 too young to be lifting weights?
Does crunches really work for building abs?
Is alcohol good, when we practice regularly at the gym?
Is it possible to improve eye sight (myopia) by following any diet or any exercise. If yes, then how?
Why do I cramp as soon as I start running?
Did stretching, hanging, sprinting or any sort of exercise work for you to grow taller? If so, how?
Can a 42 year old man who made it to his goal by dropping 67 pounds, work on his abs and have abs?
Is it possible for me to run a sub 20 minute 5k?
What are people doing wrong in gym?
How should you run?
After how many days is it safe to start exercising again after suffering from a cold?
How do I burn fat and keep it off naturally?
Why do I get more tired from walking slowly than walking at a brisk pace?
What will happen if one does a lot of cardio and no weight training?
Why is the tongue fastest muscle we have?
How should I approach a gym buddy’s auntie?
Which kind of stretching exercise should I avoid if I have lower back pain?
What is a good gym to work out at (preferably with a pool) in Norrkoping, Sweden?
Where can I buy a stepper for calf raises?
What is the best diet and exercise program for a 300lb man like myself?
What's the fastest way to lose weight with visible difference if you don't go to the gym?
Is it okay to drink one litre of milk? I am 18 years old, and workout twice a day.
How many calories can we burn in six km walk?
What kind of food can I eat to build up my metabolism? What kind of exercises do I need to do to get rid of my belly?
Do men who work out a lot usually go out with women who work out a lot?
Which technique is best to gain muscle size, more reps with low weights or less reps with high weights?
Can you help me with a diet and exercise plan to lose 15kg in a healthy way?
Will playing badminton for 20 minutes everyday help reduce weight?
Is it true that low reps and more volume equals more strength and harder muscles?
What are some good biceps workouts at the gym?
Why do football players run on treadmills?
What builds more mass in weightlifting? More reps and less sets or less reps and more sets?
How can you prevent getting spasms in your thighs?
When should I start to exercise after my pregnancy?
Can HIIT burn fat faster than steady-state cardio?
How much do I have to eat to put on weight and build muscle?
What are the things one can do to be fit?
Should those who have heavy weight bodies do push ups?
Which muscle is the most powerful medial rotator of the arm?
How can I do the bear crawl exercise?
Does walking help build running stamina?
Can you do fat burning and muscle building simultaneously?
What fat burning exercises should I do, if I have early stage varicose veins?
How long would it take me, with average genetics, to reach a Jeff Said-like physique?
What kind of exercises would you recommend for a teenager who wants to start gaining muscle mass at home, without fancy equipment?
What is the supplement to lose weight fast?
Which is the best excercise: swimming or going to the gym?
What's a good workout routine for maximum health benefits with little risk of injury?
What are the best workouts to remove fats from upper inner thighs and aroud the hips?
Is it normal to yawn when you're at the gym working out?
Why do you need to be in a caloric surplus to build muscle?
What is the best exercise routine for Skinny guys?
I only have a bench for bench press, leg lifts on the bench and 56 pounds worth of weights. What workouts can I do?
Do you use exercise as a means of "escape?"
Where do you recommend getting cheap, pretty and comfy exercise / yoga attire in Singapore? Is JB worth travelling to for getting cheaper goods?
Are pushups a good pre-workout before weight lifting?
Can a fit 75-year-old man do regular jogging?
Which is the best workout music ever?
Can I pass the practical of physical education if I am unable to run? Can I do sports of my choice, which does not include running?
Can you find and post pictures of people doing yoga with effective posture and those who need an adjustment?
Can I mix yoga or asana with physical exercise?
How many calories do burpees burn for a guy who weighs 90kg?
Can you build muscles without cardio?
If pushups on a carpet will limit your gains (I've been told), wouldn't doing them on a yoga mat or on grass have the same effect?
What is the best exercise to lose weight, jogging or brisk walking?
What gives you motivation for fitness?
How can I train myself (bulky) for long-distance running?
What is the best and easiest way to get in shape?
How do I reduce body fat and gain muscle? What are some foods and workouts to accomplish this?
Which is a better way to lose weight, exercise or detox tea?
How many calories does bending over backwards burn?
Is jumping on a trampoline good exercise?
Other than losing weight, how do you make yourself able to walk around for several hours consecutively without having sore legs?
Is it dangerous to exercise on a day you haven't consumed much salt?
What are some good exercises to perform on piano to help improve articulation?
How can I develop abs? I have lost most of my body fat, but my abs are just not big, so how can I grow them?
What are some training ideas I can do to condition my body for traditional karate or any training at all?
After five months of lifting, I'm defined but without mass. I've stopped running and I try to eat more. What's the best way for me to gain mass?
Which upper body workouts will make paddling easier while surfing?
Do you think that walking 5 miles a day is worth it for you?
Is running a 9:04 mile time good for someone that is equal to me in physical shape?
What can I eat before gym in the morning?
What gym exercises should a fast bowler do? Should it be light weight heavy reps or heavy weight light reps?
How do I make a career in fitness or bodybuilding?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of going to the gym before going to college?
How do I increase my body stamina, and what food should taken?
Is sports or exercise better?
Is it bad for someone who weight lifts not to have a calorie surplus?
How and why do the features in the ECG change post-exercise?
Could you suggest me a workout?
How hard is it (considering the effect of earth’s gravity) to do weight lifting in an elevator moving upwards?
Is there an app where I can compete with others (not real time) to go up rankings for treadmill runs over 5km?
Which sport is good for full body tone and fitness football or athletics?
How can I improve my posture through exercise?
How often in a week should I hit the gym in order to get a bulky body?
How do I get motivated for exercise?
What makes Mammoth Hunters claim that they have 100,000 years of experience in fitness?
What is a great low impact exercise?
I am 14 years old and I have asthma, so it's hard to exercise without pushing myself too hard. How can I lose weight without hurting myself?
Should I do a workout with a fan or without a fan? Which way can I burn more calories?
How can I get back into the shape I was in 5 years ago? I'm 25 years old. How much time is it probably going to take?
What are benefits of having a good body?
What's the difference between burning calories and burning fat, and how does one achieve the latter?
Do we have any exercises to decrease the breast size?
What is more important in Yoga- Asanas or Pranayam?
What is the best strength training platform?
After working out, neither my biceps nor my chest muscles are sore, even though I use them when working out. Why?
I feel a lack of power during weight training. What should I do to gain sufficient power to lift heavy weights?
How much should I workout/run each day as a teen?
What is the strength of strength?
What should be the exercise routine for a thin, musical Indian 16-year-old guy with a tummy to have a healthy body in one month?
How much kg should be lifted in dumbbells by 15-16 year old boys?
How much should I run at first?
How does too much exercise accelerate aging?
How can I make my butt bigger? What should I eat to grow my butt, and what types of exercises should I do?
What is the best way to lose 12 pounds in 2 weeks?
What's the best way to brush up my Mandarin with 3-4 weeks in China?
Will doing squats develop calves?
If a female that's 5 feet tall can run at a speed of 21.3 miles per hour, how much faster would a male of that same height be capable of running?
Why do I always feel dizzy and nauseous while working out in the gym in the morning?
What do you think about my workout plan?
What kind of exercise do I need to follow to reduce belly fat? My height is 170 cm and I weigh 96 kg. What can I do to reduce fat?
What is a good workout for me, a 16 year old boy who doesn't work out?
Can limescale build up in the body?
What is it like to be in a workout video?
Are there any scientific books about exercise and dieting?
How long will it take to walk 3 miles?
Would it be better if I stopped doing workouts until the exams are over?
What else can I do to loosen up my calves?
Is it ok to run with sore muscles?
How could I create a balance between sleeping and exercising?
How can I tone down hereditary muscular calves?
Does cardio help you lift weights?
How can I lose weight again after gaining some due to lack of exercising and rough eating?
How can we be fit mentally and physically?
What is the best way to get bigger forearms and calves?
When you are working out what do you do to get over the hump?
How are athletes muscles so defined?
How do I get more chest muscle so that my upper sternum is less visible?
Can an entire body workout be performed by a pair of dumbbells only?
How many calories do I have to burn on a treadmill on daily basis to have a reasonable loss of weight?
Is it difficult to reduce fat around your hips after the age of 65, especially in summer when it is too hot to walk? What can I do, other than going to gym or using a treadmill?
How many calories do I burn when I swim one mile (it takes me one full hour to swim one mile). And how many calories do I burn when I walk 3 1/2 miles?
How do I build a strong mindset?
What are some arm workouts you can do without equipment?
Why do muscles ache the next morning after a sauna?
I’m trying to get back in shape, but when I lift, my bones feel like mush. This has never happened before. Can I work past that?
Has any one achieved great results by doing yoga daily?
How do I get a ripped body without going to the gym?
Why do my thighs hurt after doing squats?
What are your top 3 tips for the gym?
What if I stop doing gym? Would it affect my body shape?
How can I make leg day less boring?
What age is it safe to start working out with weights?
Can you get a lean physique by jumping rope? Does it build athleticism?
I am trying to get better at medicine ball overhead throws. Should I focus more on the muscles I need or just continue my full bodybuilding workout?
What is the best exercise video series for increasing stamina and general fitness?
When should I eat food after doing a workout?
Is it possible to build muscle on antipsychotics? Is it as efficient as normally?
How should I reduce weight without hitting the gym?
The doctor says that Type 2 diabetes is a "walking deficiency syndrome" and not a real illness. What is your opinion?
How can I lift and tone flabby arms with a workout? How long does it take? Is it really effective with excess skin?
Does Jocko Willink really workout 7 days a week every morning?
How many calories can you burn by making out, and why?
Which workout can I follow for strength?
How can I improve my stamina in cycling?
Is there any difference in the energy required or calories burnt while walking on a treadmill versus walking outdoors on firm ground?
Which exercise machine is good to reduce stomach size?
Can I get a good upper body by doing 100 push ups a day?
How long does it take before you can go to the gym after a scaphoid fracture?
Can I do light/moderate cardio while bulking?
What should I do at the end of my gym workout?
What is the cycle of meditation, yoga, and exercise?
Which is better, sprints and exercises or yoga?
Why is running outside better than on a treadmill?
Why do most body builders hit the gym at 4 AM?
What are some good exercises for strengthening your upper body in regards to swimming?
How do I get lean at 5"1' and 22 years old?
What is the best way to loosen up tight muscles?
What are the benefits of assisting an advanced yoga class?
What is an ideal workout schedule and time to lose fat and gain muscle?
How do I regain my flexibility?
Why do humans need to do exercise?
Can I workout with dumbbells after a meal?
Which is the good exercise for back pain?
Is sleeping good after exercise?
What are the best exercises to improve mobility of the shoulder joint? I get pain if I try to touch my right scapula with my left hand from behind.
Is going to the gym bad for your singing?
Is it possible to get a good chest and shoulder workout with only a bench press and dumb bells?
Can holding the down pushup position help gain muscle?
How long should I work out at the gym to lose weight?
How can I stop being lazy and get motivation to run and get fit and skinny?
When you take methadone for pain, can you exercise again?
Will weightlifting stunt height growth?
Can I increase my chest up to 10 inches?
Does weighing a lot mean that pull-ups are harder?
What advice should I follow in regard to diet and exercise when working out for strength but not bodybuilding for show?
What would happen if I missed a whole week of workout?
How do I complete 1,600 meters in 7 minutes?
Is 153 sit-ups a good record for a 13-year-old?
How do I prevent my nipple from chafing when I work out?
Is swimming a good exercise for strengthening my chest?
How do strapless bras work?
How can I start exercising after an accident?
Is group pilates class safe and effective in the gym?
What is the yoga diet?
Why do most beginner work out programs have an excessive emphasis on squatting?
Which ten-minute exercises can I do in my room in order to keep myself fit, even after having had a cesarean section?
Can I grow lean muscle mass at home?
How are some Indian wrestlers and Pahalwans in akhadas able to maintain muscular arms and shoulders while still having some visible belly fat?
What are the top 3 worst clientele for CrossFit boxes?
How do I run the 1200m?
What is elliptical good for?
I’m 15 and I want to increase my shoulder size by a few inches. What workouts should I do?
While doing dumbbell curls, should my arm be straight or bent? Should I engage my triceps while finishing a rep or keep my arm bent to keep the strain on it?
Will having sex 4 to 5 times a week stop me from gaining muscle mass even though I train right?
Once you've run an ultramarathon, does running shorter distances (5-10 miles) feel easy?
Why is walking in the woods beneficial for your health?
Can I build an aesthetic body without using weights and any equipment?
Which is the best method for fat loss and muscle building? Please see details.
Will P90X3 help me to lose fat, or will it only build muscle?
Should I go to the gym today? It's rainy and cold, and I haven’t been there in a couple of weeks. I’m thinking of ordering pizza?
Which bodyweight workout is suited for skinny men?
How do I gain fat and muscle in certain areas with exercise?
What is Angelina Jolie’s exercise routine?
Is work out + martial arts too much?
What is a “weightlifting exercise”?
How can I my keep my muscles stiff?
Is stretching and bending your back bad?
Does working out/weight training reduce double chins in men?
Is a morning walk good for your health?
Are 15-inch biceps good?
Can exercise make us taller?
How can I get stronger and bigger forearms?
What is a plan for HIIT exercise? I have been going to the gym for one year now and have hit a weight plateau. I am also following a diet plan.
What can Pilates do for you and your body?
What should I focus on in calisthenics being 6′7″?
What protein drink is best for men during and after a workout? Is it okay to drink one both during and after? I weigh 63.3kg.
What are the major difference between bodyweight exercise and free weight exercise?
Is it worth spending 30 thousand plus to lose weight at Shathayu Ayurveda?
How do I build an amazing body at home?
Which one is better: skipping or running?
How do I get a fit body and lose weight?
What workout top for guys was in during 1996?
Do you know anything about epigenetics and the food that Chinese people should avoid to avoid weight gain?
How do people know how many calories they burn a day?
What are some dynamic excersises that will help me train full planche?
How helpful is aerobics when combined with cardio and strength training?
Can you build a muscular body through yoga, since essentially you are lifting your entire body weight by doing yogic asanas and exercises?
How do I know how I should exercise in the gym?
Can my heart be sore after running?
Can I lengthen my neck with exercises?
Are HGH boosters worth it? I'm 17, 5′8″, and a skinny guy with a weak chin. Will it help me with any of those besides an increase in lean muscle mass?
How often do you Squat and Deadlift?
What's the difference between HICT, HIIT, HIRT, SMIT, HIVT, and VIIT?
How do I define my muscles and work on my speed and vertical at the same time?
Can most women achieve an "hour glass figure" with diet and exercise?
Why do strength calisthenics (10-15 reps per set) make me more sore than weight training?
Should a 60 year old join a gym?
Why do psychiatrists only spend 5 minutes with you? I feel like I need to switch my meds?
What exercises should I do in order to get a body like a K-pop idol (aside from dancing)?
What grade of iron is used in gym equipment?
What are the best medicines and exercises for a healthy brain?
What do you do when your pet does yoga?
What should be the diet for an office worker who gets to workout 2 days a week?
What bone strengthening exercises would you recommend for a sixty plus lady?
Why has yoga practice become popular recently? Why are there different methods of yoga?
Is it feasible to cycle cutting and bulking much more frequently?
Which are the best workout exercises for forearm?
Does Gold’s Gym provide food to their members?
Does working out in the gym fight depression?
Should I give blood after running for 4 miles?
What are some good physical exercises for sex?
Is mixing weight lifting and high intensity cardio while taking supplements sort of like hustling backwards?
How true is the fact that some people get fatter than before once they stop going to the gym or discontinue it?
Are there any good workout program that includes strength\fat loss workouts and cardio to help get me in shape for the military?
Is a 1 hour and 30 minute commute too much?
Can I start bodybuilding at 24? I am a 5'7," 50 kg, skinny Indian male. Can you share how to start if you’ve done it?
Which is better: diamond push ups or shoulder push ups?
Which freehand exercise should I do to gain muscle in the lower body i.e, thighs, calfs and butt?
What are examples of cardio intense activities?
Should I take a week off of weight training?
What is a good training plan to prepare for DIII Track & Field?
How does the weight of a body affect its motion if the body is moving on a horizontal plane?
How do I split a workout routine to 4 days weekly?
How do I remain fit and active, except by going to the gym?
Which is best, walking, jogging, swimming, cycling, skipping, running, going to the gym or doing yoga?
How do you calculate relative fitness?
How do I cancel a Weibo VIP membership without paying?
How can I go from not being physically active at all to being able to do specific exercises?
Will push ups and sit ups every night plus cardio 5 days a week will give me a toned body in 3 months?
How does it feel when you have sex with a flat-stomached woman with abs?
What are the 7 principles of resistance training?
Why do swimmers have such nice upper bodies?
At the age of 30, I am able to do 15 push-ups in one go. Am I weak?
Should you train rear delts on a pull day or push day?
What's another way to work on my abs other than abs workouts?
What are the best yoga asanas and exercises without any stress on the belly and abdomen?
What are the benefits of lifting weights in your 20s? Will it have people staring at me in stores, like young women?
What is an effective workout regime for simultaneous fat loss and muscle building for a male?
How can I keep doing exercise if I'm not eating well?
What's Brett Lee's workout?
Which exercises can be done if you are about to conceive?
How can we get young people to do more exercise?
How many push-ups would a professional MMA fighter be able to do?
Should I start doing deadlifts?
How can I reduce my belly fat & love handles (I'm 129 lbs.) but also gain muscle simultaneously if I'm doing at at-home workout with dumbbells & body weights?
How can I get abs as a skinny teen at home without equipment?
Don't you think it's weird that women shape who they are to get a man, and men shape who they are to get a woman?
Which is the best fitness band under 1500?
What would you think to be the best training regimen with the available exercises?
Is there an important loss of efficiency in weightlifting if I do long intervals (20 min) between sets?
Could you actually get stronger by lifting a calf every day until it becomes a bull?
What workout can you recommend to strenghten my lower back?
What are the must do exercises for students?
What is the function of the muscles in one’s arm and legs?
What would happen if I had a cup of black coffee (without sugar) before running or jogging?
What level of heart rate is deemed to be intense exercise?
How can I make my thighs bigger?
How do I know I am jogging but not running?
Do planks burn fat?
Rowers: What is your secret to an effective warmup before the workout?
How many calories does an hour of high intensity cardio burn?
What are the best workouts (without equipment) for getting a big chest and arms and getting abs?
How do I eat during the Off-season (football/soccer) so I don't gain any fat but decent muscle mass whilst doing low intensity training? I'm an ecto-meso.
Is there a tendency for women to let themselves go after 20 (stop exercising and eating proportionally)?
I want to start Yoga at home. What type of routine can I do daily for stretching and as a workout?
Why do some people have small hips and big thighs?
Why is my butt muscle painful despite no workout?
What is the best cardio exercise for someone suffering from back pain?
Can I take coffee with water pre-workout? Any cons?
What are your motivational methods for exercising?
Which is the best exercise​ to increase​ speed?
What is a cycle of meditation, yoga and exercises?
Why should I do triceps dips?
What is regular FIT?
How can I stay motivated to exercise? I have good health and don't have any issues so I always talk myself out of it.
If I worked out 5 hours ago and wanted to have a few mixed drinks (likely 3-5 shots worth) would it significantly reduce my muscle growth?
Why does hard exercise makes me feel so alive?
How many miles do delivery guys walk in a day? How many stairs do they go up and down?
How does exercise help addiction?
Should I exercise with somewhat sore legs?
How do I get in better shape?
Why do women refuse to go to the gym by saying they don't want to look mannish?
Would a recumbent bike result in big calf muscles?
Why do my legs hurt after running?
What is the effect of heat loss during exercise?
As a beginner, how long will it take for my abs to recover?
Are there any exercises to remove fat on your hands? I have pretty chubby hands, so can I get some fat off?
What are some diet and exercise programs that will allow a skinny woman to get curves?
What should I take for energy before a workout?
How long does it take to lose a good amount of weight using the treadmill nearly every day?
How often do you get a runner’s high?
Is lifting weights enough to build my abs?
What is Orowan strengthening?
What food should I buy at a QuikTrip before an intense leg workout?
What is a good, short morning stretching routine that stretches most muscles?
What’s your favourite workout music?
How can you get skinny in 2 weeks?
What are the best exercises to build a thick lower back?
Why does it feel easier to lift a 10kg dumbbell/barbell than a 10kg cardboard box?
What is the name of exercise machine?
Is there any specific exercise to reduce cholesterol?
Does muscle growth ever plateau?
What do you have to believe in order to rarely miss workouts?
Do Indian girls go to the gym?
Started dieting six months ago, ran 5 km since November 2016, Lost 15 kgs so far, how to keep it off and build a good physique?
What are the 10 components of fitness?
Why do we need to exercise if you want to get lean?
Why is locking out the legs during a leg press bad for the knees, while it's required during squats and deadlifts?
What is a good fitness routine for a musician especially a guitarist?
How would you design a fat burning fitness program for someone new to exercise?
How can I plan to live past 100 and still be physically fit and feel young?
What are the pros and cons of ankle weights?
Why do I not see any change in abdominal fat after 1 month in the gym?
How can I improve my cardio performance and strength at the same time?
What is better for a (sprinting) athlete, pull ups or barbell rows?
What is the best way to lose weight with minimal grueling exercise?
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body. Is this true?
How can a person start exercising again after gaining a lot of weight and losing motivation?
How do I stop making a wheezing noise while working out?
How many KM does one have to run to lose weight?
Should I go to the gym at the age of 16 even if I play cricket too?
Is calisthenics more effective at cutting body fat than HIIT training?
How do you cut in the gym?
At the gym, the staff either forces me to take a personal trainer or won't instruct at all. I don't feel like going to the gym. How do I handle this?
Why do I shake so much when I lift weights?
Why does Quincy Larson always recommend audiobooks and when does he listen to them?
What are gym membership fees per month in Copenhagen for weightlifting?
What are resistance band crab walk?
What are the best exercises to work your lower abs?
How can I strengthen the muscles in my hand?
What is the best gym routine one can carry out at home to burn belly fat, considering you have minimal weights/equipment?
Can I rely on Heely shoes as a form of transportation?
Do I have to focus my workout on a particular part of the body to lose that part's fats quicker?
Why do we get a tingle in our ears when we sit on something that is vibrating but not while skipping or when performing jumping jacks?
How many push-ups can we do so that there will be no side effects?
How can I gain my body structure?
What kind of weightlifting is best for hurdling?
Is it possible to use OSIM uKimono to make your tummy 6 packs?
How do I gain stamina?
What are some aspects of fitness?
What are the benefits of performing moderate exercises?
How can I build my pecs and abs from home in two days?
Which yoga exercises help pancreas to secrete more insulin to the blood stream & at the same time reduce the amount of glucose by liver?
Could I lose fat with cycling (while growing up)?
How much would you recommend wearing a fitness band to the gym?
What is a good functional movement replacement exercise for bench press?
Is there any gym near CET, Bhubaneswar?
What exercises can I do so I can twist my upper body around and how long will it take?
Why do I sweat more than ladies half my age?
Is drinking on a regular basis (4-6 pegs) OK if you work out and do cardio 6 days a week (5 mile jog)?
Hi Everyone, tell me some work-out at home?
How do I combine a pure push-ups training with "normal" gym?
Is panting after a 100-m sprint good or bad for cholesterol?
How many days should I rest my leg?
I am seventeen years old fat girl, should I join the gym?
What are the results for doing yoga once a week?
Which is the best intra workout drink?
Where can I find good physics exercises to practise?
How many reps per set are necessary while lifting weights to build muscle?
After I eat lunch, what can I drink/eat as far as bodybuilding supplements to lower my hunger until post-workout?
What physical exercises did you do daily as a cadet or trainee at your academy?
Is going to the gym good?
Why do we get so stiff after exercising? I am 64 and can barely move after too much exercising.
How do I build a bubble butt?
How can I do yoga and lift weights in a single day's routine to make my body flexible and to make it look good?
Is a 170 lb Bulgarian Split Squat good for a 135 lb male teenager (5 reps)?
Why do some people have plump thighs and some don't? What is the point of having fat thighs when you’re fit?
How many pullups should I be able to do? Do these exercises help?
Why do you have numbness on your thumbs after working out?
Is it harmful to do exercises during muscle cramps?
Gym workouts is good or bad for slim boys which only have 55 kg weight?
Why is there only one set of deadlifts on starting strength?
Why do people walk to places instead of running?
What are some of the best yoga videos with links?
Is it bad that I masturbate twice a day?
What is the relationship between reps, strength and mass?
How effective would the One Punch Man workout be?
What kind of exercises would Vivek Mittal suggest to a 72kg teenage girl if she wants to lose 10kg within one month?
Can you suggest some motivational workout songs?
My knee hurts while running and lifting, am I doing damage? Would it be better to not workout at all or to push through the pain with low-impact?
Can you bulk up without getting more fat?
How do I become lean and fit when I’m out of shape?
What would be your reaction if you saw a skinny teenager doing a fingertip push-up with a soda machine strapped to their back?
What is the correct way to work out the result of 899½-998¾?
How can I increase the size of my eyes with exercise?
What is the best way to jog in the morning?
How does Logan build muscle? And shouldn't his bones start to deteriorate after losing the Adamantium implants?
What should I do first in a cycle of meditation, yoga and exercise?
Which workout will broaden my upper body frame?
How we can loose weight with little exercise?
Is training with a bin bag or sauna suit a good idea to control water weight when training for a fight?
Can spondylolisthesis be cured through yoga?
What are the most essential exercises a non-baseball player should focus on in order to start playing?
How should I keep myself fit and healthy?
Is it safe and healthy to do heavy weight squat for a person with flat feet and overpronation?
Why can't I seem to lose body fat, even though I exercise, am very active, and I am nursing two babies?
Should I feel the pump after working out my upper back?
At the age of 18, should I join a Zumba class or the gym to lose weight?
What if you didn't eat much but didn't exercise? Would you still lose as much weight as if you exercised and didn't eat much?
How do I feel comfortable breathing through my mouth when doing push-ups?
I'm having 5 small meals a day and I lift weights, but I'm not losing the bellyfat for my abs to be visible. I'm not fat. What am I doing wrong?
What exercises are the best if one has to lose abdominal muscles and a bulky belly after pregnancy?
How can I get a noticeable amount of more flexibility in one week?
What are the health care tips after 50 to keep ourselves fit all the time keeping away diseases?
How can I reduce my weight only taking herbal originals with light exercise?
Is it possible to dumbbell curls 300-400 lbs for 25 reps?
Is 100 pushups a day enough to stay healthy?
Is it ok to have sex 4 or 5 times a week as a body builder?
Can I lose weight with regular body building gym equipments?
What are some best music tracks for jogging?
Which home gym cycle should I buy, with a max budget of 10K?
Should I be concerned that my right thigh makes these loud cracking sounds everytime I do a squat?
How can I lose fat as quick as possible?
What are general mistakes while doing squats?
What kinds of foods should I eat at school before going to the gym?
What is the right exercise for a student for their brain, aerobics or bodybuilding? I can only give 30 minutes for a workout. Is it possible to gain mass?
How can I build a pulley to do standing cable crunches in my home?
What is a good kettle bell exercise to increase my chest size?
My iliotibial bands are constantly tender. What are some proven corrective exercises, stretches, and treatments?
What is the best exercise for creating "back space" while singing?
Is it possible to be fit and fat?
What feels better from a male perspective? Lifting weights or having sex?
At 23% body fat and 155 lbs, what is more important for me in gaining abs, cardio or ab workouts?
How can I manage to get fit and skinny as a 15yo?
Does bodybuilding and lifting heavy objects have a negative long term impact on joints and ligaments?
Why can't I increase my strength even though I go to the gym regularly?
How strong do I need to be to do push-ups?
Does the size of muscles increase temporarily just after a workout?
After a tiresome day, what is it that lifts up your spirit?
Which exercise can I do to reduce my thighs without losing my chubby cheeks?
Is walking 5 stories up equal to 2 km of walking?
Is nude yoga good for teens?
Is it okay to do a wholebody workout everyday?
What are some of the best exercises for a ligament tear on the left knee?
How do you do yoga on your own?
What is the best workout program balancing strength training, weight training, and aerobics for lean muscle and to stay fit?
Can anyone stay fit while sleeping for at least 4 hours, by doing exercises and meditation?
What benefits can I get for doing 3 sets of 5-7 exercises with 40 seconds of rest between sets 3–5 times a week?
What should be eaten just before workout?
I'm 15, should I do non intensive strength training and abdominal workouts 5 times a week?
Why is there excessive body pain after the first day at the gym? Is it common?
What are some good tips for a beginner who wants practice yoga?
How are jumping jacks good for you?
What are the preferred timings to do yoga?
How many squats should one do for quick results?
How should I approach women after group cardio gym sessions?
Would I lose muscle while juice fasting, even if I was working out with weights and cardio?
Will I lose fat if I jog in one spot for 30 minutes a day?
What should the diet plan be for a thin boy who just started at the gym?
Why does sex feel better than lifting heavy weights?
Why do we exercise?
How do I start to workout? I am 20 years old, weight is 75 kilos, height is 5'9″, and have 34″ waist, and I don't do any workouts right now.
What are the best exercises to get a very lean body during Ramadan?
Why should I stop eating 1 hour before exercising? When should the pre-workout meal be taken?
Is there an app to find an exercise partner in Kolkata?
Does lifting weights reduce your penis?
Can simple breathing exercises be practiced without guidance?
Can we do push-ups during a Bell's palsy episode?
Are you wasting money on pre-workout?
Can I change from gym to online gym in the middle of the school year?
Which is the best exercise cycle brand and model for someone with a height of 183 cm, a weight of 85 kg, and a budget maximum of 25k?
Everyone says that nothing happens in 1 month if you go to gym for 1 month. Is it true?
Can I prepare for a 1/2 marathon in 6 months without giving up cycling and weights in the gym?
What's the true procedure of vaasi yoga?
How much exercise must a heart patient do at age 70? What diet is recommended?
Can I do exercise in kidney pain?
How are training regimens determined?
Can I take a whey supplement fat burner and a BCAA in the same day?
As a 60-kg guy how many calories do I burn if I do 150 push-ups and 150 squats in 15 minutes?
Can I start bodybuilding at 40?
Do I need to lift heavy weights in order to get a body like these?
What are the pros and cons of working out all seven days?
What are some good basic exercises for a 14 year old to do inside?
If you could only have one fitness/exercise machine, would it be a rowing machine, cycling machine, or something else?
How should I kick start my running (fitness) after a long injury layoff?
Every time I squat or kneel down my knees begin to hurt, and it is very difficult for me to get up. Why?
How many miles a week should a 5k runner run?
Are all those exercises to help your back just a scam?
Did you have a good friend who pointed out the flaws in your idea & helped you improve it? How did it all work out? How did you start?
When is the best time to workout if I'm intermittent fasting?
Can pushing too hard in a gym, costs you death?
What are some great strength training exercises that can be done anywhere?
What exercises should I do other than running while I am on the ground?
When can I workout again after an extreme burnout?
What are some great exercises to get curvy hips?
Workout routine: 30 minutes of light a workout every morning and 1 hour of a heavy workout on Mon., Wed., and Fri.? Does this work well for weight and muscle gain?
What do I do? I love fitness, music, writing and business, and I have good grades but hate coding, so I’m not able to do it well, but my goal is an ML startup?
What type of yoga is core power yoga?
Which exercises should an asthmatic patient do to lose weight?
If you wanted a personal trainer, would you pay an Exercise Science student?
Will short bursts of jump roping and sprinting increase my leg strength and endurance for MMA?
What are the best exercises to find peace of mind?
How can you stretch to improve range of motion and mobility VS stretching for regaining lost range of motion/mobility?
How do I get bigger hips naturally?
Why did you stop running?
I have lost my body symmetry due to wrong exercise, What should I do?
What will be the investment for gym?
How do I make sure I'm not slowly losing muscle mass because of over-exercise and a 2000-to-2500-calories-a-day diet?
What are the natural ways get fit for a working professions?
What are the best polymetric exercise to help you to run faster?
Is cardio a waste of time if I’m trying to get cut?
Is Endura mass good while doing calisthenics?
Does doing a minute plank daily increase core strength or just simply increase endurance later on?
How many push-ups are needed per day to get a 6-pack abs?
Are there any good gym exercises to improve sitting posture?
How many kms should I run to lose 7 kg per month?
What food can increase body strength?
What is the best steroid for building up the forearms?
How do I make my mouth significantly wider horizontally?
Why do I always feel like I have the flu for a few days after I work out?
Lets just say if I jogged a mile which I do everyday, will creatine build my body if I just run/jog a mile everyday?
Will losing weight and exercising make cellulite go away?
Should I stop gaming as a 15-year-old in order to get better grades and to get fit?
What does fitness mean to you and how do you want to achieve it?
I work out three times a week, running a mile then lifting weights. How should I be eating?
What are some of the best pilates poses for beginners?
Is it true that you train push-ups daily without resting?
How can I increase my stamina for running and the gym?
How can I calculate the calories that I have burned and make a diet plan like fitness coaches do?
Is jogging 4 times a week enough leg workout for someone who works the upper body 3 times a week?
How do young working people in Bangalore stay healthy despite huge office work load ?
How often should I do the HIIT workout per week?
Do construction workers/removalists stretch/warmup before heavy lifting?
Can I quit gym and start doing only cardio?
Why are handstands good?
Why do aged people go to the gym?
As a bodybuilder with a hunchback, what kinds of concerns should I have while lifting weights? What are the exercises I should/shouldn't be doing?
What are the most effective warm-up exercises for guitar?
Should I do cardio then weight lift, or vice versa?
How do I make my back thighs bigger?
What are the risks of performing aerial yoga at home?
As a body builder working towards achieving muscle mass, is it ok to have sex 4 to 5 times a week?
What is the best abs workout (within 2 weeks)?
What are some alternatives to running 7km a week?
Does walking work out the whole body?
Where can I find help with anaerobic exercises and G-training?
What are the best exercise machines in Planet Fitness?
What are people’s thoughts on the Athelean-Rx post-workout supplement?
Should I wear gloves when doing pull ups?
What exercises can I do when I am suffering from a slipped disc?
Will push-ups alone help in fat reduction?
What can I do to transform my body in 6 months?
Is abdominal breathing a type of yoga?
How can I maintain my physical fitness while I'm over 60?
If I am a boy, then how can I be fit?
Is lifting heaving weights at the age of 16 harmful? If yes, what studies prove this?
Can we increase bodyweight if we have nightfall?
How frequently should you squat?
How many weeks does it take for you to make your arms stronger and to lift more weights? Is there any particular exercise?
How do I do cardio excercise at home without any equipment?
How can I build solid deltoid muscles?
How can I ensure, as a personal trainer, that I'm offering my clients varied workouts so they keep coming back?
What is a single exercise that combines aerobic and anaerobic activity?
What are thw exercises to cure knock knees?
Does Smart Fit in Monterrey is a good gym?
How can I get people in the door to my new gym?
Which PSU has no physical fitness test?
Which is better, doing mat exercises or going to the gym?
What are some of the most effective bodyweight exercises to do while traveling?
Can you get a little cut up from doing push-ups/pull-ups with dumbells at home?
What is the best workout routine for a beginner focused on fitness?
What is your best Yoni Yoga experience?
Is doing 500 push-ups a day enough to stay healthy?
What is the best chest exercise for a nice, muscular chest?
What people suffering from arthritis can do to improve muscle strength other than weight lifting?
How come the gym is always busy in May and will it ever slow down?
Are fitness programs worth it?
Is it possible to burn fat and gain muscle mass at the same time?
I have missed 8 days of my gym due to fever. Will I lose my gains?
Should I take Protein X after a workout?
Do pull-ups and ab workouts damage the growth height for a 15 year old boy?
How much self-control and caution should one exercise daily?
Should we do cardio before weights? Or cardio after weight training?
Why do we swing our arms while walking?
Why are there 3 sets on Starting Strength?
What is the best exercise to do after dinner?
What's the difference between resting and exercise electrocardiograms?
Can we drink water 5 minutes before exercising?
How can I build a strong app?
Will a mix of weight lifting and HIIT cardio, while taking supplements, result in fat loss and muscle gain?
What exercises can an obese person do?
Is it possible to get in shape in 3 months?
Why does the Army continue to do sit-ups during PT. Don't they wreak your back?
What is a physical workout routine that a 14 year old NDA aspirant should follow?
Is 5-exercise 5-set 5-rep workout any good?
How can you prevent feeling dizzy when working out?
Is it good to do weight training before bed?
Is it really important to wear a hat in the sun while running?
Should peanuts be eaten before or after a workout?
How safe are fitness bands to wear all the time?
Its been 8 month since I stopped exercising. My body feels stiff, my hands and my rest of my body feels warm all the time. What can I do to get well?
What are the best yoga exercises for the brain?
As a person with little free time to experiment, what yoga poses should I do every day to ensure I'm healthy?
Is bike riding good exercise for losing weight?
How do I get a v-shaped body?
Is a gym better than running in a stadium?
Can you use muscle stimulation in place of actual exercise?
What do you do to keep fit when you are sitting all day in a office?
Under what situation should the weight of the lift be considered when a person is inside the lift?
How many times in a week should I train my chest in order for it to get bigger?
What is the best exercise for a 59-year-old person?
Why is it difficult for most people to exercise 20 minutes 3 times each week?
Which trainer is better: Jillian Michaels or Kayla Itsines?
If someone has unequal testis, then is he fit for an excise examiner post?
Should I consume Glucon-D after cardio, if I am trying to get rid of fat?
How do I use straps while doing a front barbell squat?
How much exercise is safe in the morning?
Should I start exercising as a college student?
Will bodybuilding make women's legs bulky? If not, then why do fitness pros (like Nikki B etc.) have big legs?
Are there better alternatives to stretching? Is yoga one?
Can running or skipping rope on hard surface impact growth?
How can I increase the reps for the one-arm chin up?
While doing kegel exercises, I used to get pain in my legs. Am I doing them right?
What is the fastest way to burn 700 calories?
What is the correct time to go jogging?
What are some of the weight loss exercises for osteogenesis imperfecta patients who cannot stand?
What is the best free hand workout for fat loss and building a bit of muscle?
How can I make my stomach flatter in a week?
What are the benefits of a treadmill compared to those of a StairMaster?
If you can lift yourself up, can you lift your own weight?
What's the importance of a preoperative breathing and coughing exercise?
I get nosebleeds 1-3 times per week. Should I see a doctor and what should I take to help it?
Why sweating occurs during exercise & fever even when the atmospheric temperature is below 0' C?
How many days does it take to lose 40kg of my body weight by going to the gym regularly? What food diet should be followed? How do you tackle the body pain?
What is the difference between pick and lift?
Being a JEE aspirant I have limited time. How should I keep myself fit provided that I have cervical and back pain?
How do I improve my timing and endurance in running?
How do you choose a jump rope for general exercising?
Which is the best Resistance bend exercise for men?
How good is it to bench every day?
How can I increase my chest​ size in only ten days?
Are there any exercises that help compensate for torn ACLs?
What are some advantages of exercises?
How did CrossFit generate its initial traction? How did it go from the original gym to the first 20 locations? What were the triggers?
Why don't I feel my pull-ups in my arms and back, but I feel them in my core the next day? (I'm training to failure for three sets.)
What should one eat if he wakes up at 6:30am, and has to be at the gym by 7am?
What exercises can I do at home to build muscle?
How should I maintain strength/muscle mass while leaning down?
How should one plan, including diet, to run a 1,600 meters in 6:30 minutes?
Which is the best exercise​?
Why is riding a stationary bike considered a good exercise?
What's a good exercise to reduce belly fat and obtain a toned stomach, besides the obvious crunches?
How much protein does the body require if you do a daily heavy workout?
Do video games really count as exercise?
Is running on treadmill enough to lose weight?
How do I maintain muscle mass, when I am out of town for 2-3 months and don't have gym or any other equipments, eating everyday at hotel?
I have to work for 15 hours a day and have no time for exercise. How do I reduce my belly size and weight?
How can I overcome knock knees?
What are some workout motivational images?
Will I burn less number of calories once I get used to a certain kind of exercise and my heart rate goes low?
Why is GoodLife Fitness so popular?
What’s the best arm and forearms routine?
Is it okay to do a twice a day × 7 days a week home work out?
I am very overweight and would like to start some exercise. What would be some good exercises to start with?
What will happen if a gym going guy takes weed?
What are the best, tried workouts for women during monthly cycle?
Should I workout everyday before school?
What should I avoid eating before intense cardio training to stop me from needing to poop?
What exercise can help increase my stamina when swimming?
Is 60 Surya Namaskar enough per day for physical activity?
What happens when we drink after a gym work out? Is it good or bad for us?
What workout split would be best for someone in the military that requires all around fitness, and incorporates at least 3 days of cardio?
What is the difference between a morning walk and going to the gym? Which one should be preferred, and why?
What's the quickest way to put on lean body mass?
How do film stars makeover their body in months?
What foods and exercises should I do to grow taller during late puberty?
How can I increase my strength?
How do I train for 8k run?
Which is better for burning calories, calisthenics or weight training?
If I run/jog a mile on a treadmill, would I get the same benefits and exercise as if I had run on a track?
Will yoga help me reduce my BP?
Can a beginner build up their muscles at home? Will it be effective?
How often should you workout for it to be good for your health?
I'm a 17 year old teenage girl. I just got a gym membership. What can I do to get more fit?
When barbell training alone, at home, absent a power rack, how does one continue to increase the weight one is lifting safely?
Is exercise bad for you?
How do I build muscle on my delts and make my shoulders wider and more muscular?
Why am I sore every single time I work out?
What modality of fitness training makes you the leanest? (Assuming you have a clean nutrition plan).
What is the effect of exercising in a polluted or low oxygen environment vs a low pollution and/or a high oxygen content?
Is it OK to have sex after a workout?
How can I build up my arm strength for baseball?
What do you do to get in shape for summer?
How can I build a six-pack without going to gym?
What might cause tremors after exercise?
Do you want to get physically fit? What will it take for you to get motivated?
Is a 21 out of 30 good on the Mensa workout good?
How much weight should I lift?
Are AirPods good to use while running?
Is there any gym or workout facility available at MITAOE Pune?
Can 100 push ups a day reduce chest fat?
Is jogging for two minutes then walking for eight and doing that for twenty minutes good?
I have a bad physique but I want to stay fit and not getting motivated towards it. What should I do?
How should I get back into being active? Should I jump right back into lifting and running or should I start with something easier?
What is the best exercise for girls to lose leg and thigh fat?
Do you hip drive on your way down in the high bar squat?
How do I get a feminine body at the gym without gaining too much muscle?
How do you acquire motivation/discipline in college, exercising, and work?
Why are supplements so necessary while we do intense workout?
Is working out with the same weight on all exercises bad?
What exercises can I do to improve my reflexes?
Which one jumps faster, a guy without a jump-rope or a guy with a jump-rope?
What is the best exercise to burn fat?
Should women do chest weight training at the gym?
What's a good sprinting workout plan?
How can I recover efficiently after workouts?
Will running every morning and push ups every night get me in shape in 3 months?
What’s the fastest you ever sprinted?
What kinds of nutrients does a muscle need to repair after a workout and to get bigger?
How can I strengthen ciliary muscle of the eye and delay its fatigue?
How expensive is it to open a bouldering gym versus a normal gym?
Why doesn’t arithmetic training improve performance?
Where should you start if you want to burn excess fat and do some toning up this summer? Is a cleanse recommended to start with, or are they purely a fad?
How far can a person go with body weight exercises?
How many reps should I do if I want to increase my muscle mass?
What workout plan should be followed if planning to have a baby without risking a miscarriage due to stress?
What are the exercises to cure knock knees?
How can I rebuild and strengthen cartilage?
How do I manage my daily workout after late night studies?
Is there any advantage doing seated upper body exercises versus standing? Don't you use more muscles while standing, making it more of a compound exercise?
Should I study for maths by doing exercises or by studying examples and figuring out how to solve similiar exercises?
What are the health benefits of early morning exercises?
What shoulder exercises can I do to get big sculpted shoulders like NBA players?
Which one burns more calories- jogging on a treadmill (at steady pace) or high interval training?
Is it bad to exercise if you are a heavy smoker?
What are some good workout routines for a rowing machine?
How do you target more of your inner arm in a tricep extension?
Do push-ups help in increasing our body strength to be able to lift heavier weights?
Is doing thirty 1-minute sessions of exercise per day as beneficial as doing one 30-minute session per day?
How do weight bearing exercises actually help bones?
Is there any harm in doing strength and cardio exercise everyday?
How do I get stronger and better at fighting without having "gym muscles" or going to the gym?
Can exercise and walking harm our internal organs? What is the best exercise for belly fat?
Why do I have such small arms but lift a decent amount?
What is the best way to get fit after having Goodpasture Syndrome?
What should my exercise routine be like if I'm trying to gain weight?
What should I eat and what workout should I do to stop my ribs from showing?
I took a spin class this morning and my knee started hurting after about 5-10 minutes. What was I doing wrong?
After building muscle, can I maintain it by doing body weight exercises?
I want to build my body, but I can't be always eating. Is it worth it? Should I expect results?
Running is the best thing for me to keep my mood in check. It's my hobby. How can I improve muscle gain at gym and not cut my running?
Is it advisable to do 100 pushups immediately followed by bench press (20-25 reps with light weight)?
Does pre workout and in workout affect male fertility?
What happens to your body when you jog and go to the gym on a daily basis?
When should we drink a banana milkshake: after exercise or before exercise?
What should you do after running?
What kind of stretches are preferable in the morning, static or dynamic?
What are crunches and sit-ups good for?
How do I avoid being left out of gym basketball?
What's the best app for running? I'm doing interval training on hills and runs on greenbelts between mapped streets, and this confuses Strava.
If I do no other exercises besides squats, will my body look weird because I'll have a huge ass and no other muscles?
What is the best way to workout at home without using weights or going to the gym?
What is a simple yet rewarding and effective exercise routine that I can do in the morning?
How do you get swole?
Does stretching too much damage your muscles?
Why do people say sex is better than lifting weights? But, no, dude, I'm a 20-year-old virgin, and nobody can beat lifting weights.
What kind of bodybuilding regime and diet must I take if I have mild reflux and acidity problems?
My legs are too skinny compared to my upper body, so what are the best leg workouts to build heavy and thicker legs?
How do I strengthen my knees, to run everyday?
Should you stretch before you workout in a gym?
How bad does weightlifting or even calisthenics affect your drawing?
What happens if you run 1 mile everyday for a year?
What are some examples of aerobic and anaerobic exercises?
How do I sew an accordion stretch panel, does the elastic have to be pre-stretched?
Is it advisable to do 100 pushups in a row or can I do the same using 4 sets of 25 reps each?
Why is it so difficult to sleep after practicing yoga?
Why does Christianity have an issue with yoga?
How can I increase my stamina for any workout?
I have APT, which makes my lower back tight and weak. Does this mean that I shouldn't add lower back exercises to my workout?
Is it true that bodyweight workouts gives more strength than weight training?
What are the differences in calorie burning in walking and biking?
What are some names of aerobic, facultative anaerobic, and anaerobic fungi?
How should a diabetic work out? What should be the precautionary measures one should take?
How can I keep myself from getting chills after running?
Should I stop working out when preparing for exams?
Why should you stop lifting heavy weights?
How can I train myself to do knuckle push ups, considering I am already able to do many "regular" push ups?
What’s a good routine for a full workout at home?
How does running increase your fitness? How much time should I spend running every day?
Why can I lift 85% of my max with good form and speed but at 95% my form breaks down and I can barely get in a couple of reps?
How do I become muscular in one month?
How much running and physical fitness is done in the Russian conscript basic training? Is there a final test they must pass?
Can a 13-year-old boy perform push-ups? Are there any side effects?
Is it normal to not feel any soreness or pain after a quite intense strength training workout that left me sweating and breathing hard?
What is a recommended workout schedule for women to lose weight?
It has been three weeks since I started running, but still I have knee pain when I try to run. How can I cure this?
How do I go from running a 9 minute mile to a 6 minute mile?
Why do you hate to exercise?
I want to burn fat at the same time wish to gain size. What should I do?
Can a fat nose be converted into slim nose by some exercise? Please mention the exercise.
I am lifting weights for over 5 months and taking whey isolates, but do not seem any gain in my muscles. What am I doing wrong?
Why are yawns and stretches so satisfying? What's happening in the body?
What are some exercises I can do every day in the morning?
What is fitting?
What are the initial steps for doing pushups?
If you do not exercise, but eat healthy, how much protein should you eat?
What are some breathing exercises that increases the lung capacity?
Is it true that when you do squats you will have a big booty?
What kind of exercise should you do after a hysterectomy?
How can women get a lean and muscular physique?
Which sport is better to get a fit body, swimming or going to the gym?
What is a way to reduce the breadth of only the lower body, especially thighs, but not the upper body?
How many times should an adult masturbate in a week?
Is it possible to break someone’s hand with a handshake?
What books do you recommend for nutrition plans, workout routines, and getting a healthy, ripped body?
Does going to the gym affect one’s studies?
Will running help tone my abs?
What are the best exercises to get back to running after an ACL surgery?
Why don't depressed people just think positively, volunteer, and exercise?
How much excercise is considered excessive?
Is it concerning that my heart pounds when I exercise?
What are the benefits of walking lunges, and which muscles do you work out?
When can I lift weights after a back operation?
How do you motivate yourself to exercise when you're already happy with the way you look?
Is it possible to get back into shape with just brisk walking, a good diet and light bodyweight exercises?
Is it better to get a massage before or after a workout?
What are the most effective traps exercises?
How old do you have to be to work out?
How important is nutrition when lifting heavy weights?
Is it possible that, after going to the gym regularly, only the size of the tummy increases?
Is it better to first lose body fat and then build muscle or both at the same time?
Is it true that you cannot drop weight or inches beyond certain limit even if you exercise and diet continuously without cheating for 2-3 years?
What are the exercises that a skinny guy should do to gain muscle for his overall body in just 3 months?
How do you sway back and forth?
What is the fastest 3 mile jog by a 58 year old man?
Would one have any advantage by attaching (20-50kg) weights to the body, arms and legs and living with them 24/7, and releasing them just before sports matches?
How and when do I get back in my shape?
Why is most of the strength program only three days per week?
If you do 20 push ups every day for 3 months, how much fat would you lose in your chest area?
How can I make myself a faster runner?
Which exercises and other stuff do you recommend for making your booty grow? Can that happen?
Why doesn't the body want to exercise?
Can you have a full workout with only one exercise?
How do I stretch subscribers?
Is masturbation OK after 1 hour of working out in the gym?
What's the best way to gain weight and start lifting?
What is the proper form for pull-ups and push-ups in the Air Force?
What physical fitness level is required for wireless PSI?
What is it like to work as a fitness professional overseas? I am already familiar with the rub of what being a fitness professional in the US is like.
What can you say about the RP-US Balikatan exercises?
Can I get lean body muscles mass with 6 pack abs in 6 months?
Does being sore after exercise mean I'll get stronger?
Is it worth it for a man to do squats if he wants to lose weight from his hips?
How do I sort out my workout routine?
If served dessert before dinner at a formal event, do I eat it before or after the entree?
What is a good example of a low impact cardio for bad knees?
Can you suggest me a workout routine and a diet for a dancer?
What is the quickest possible way to gain muscle as a basketball player?
What is the damage to your body if you sweat profusely from exercise every day?
Should I go to the gym before joining the NDA?
How can a girl reduce the weight of her thighs?
How do I fix crooked/uneven abs?
Why is exercise so underrated?
Do colleges charge any money for gym facilities?
Does mowing a yard so big that it takes about 6 hours, plus weed eater work, burn calories? How many calories does it burn?
As a teenager, should I exercise, and will my height increase be affected?
Why do we always use PMOS as a pull up and NMOS as a pull down?
Is it possible to look normal with a receding chin?
How do I lose belly fat without exercise or diet change?
What is the best exercise routine one can do at home, with few pieces of equipment, to get a bubble butt?
What is a good diet to follow? I just joined the gym to make me fit.
Is going to the gym worth it or can I stay fit at home?
Should we do exercise everyday or should there be gaps in between?
Is the protein taken from meals throughout the day enough to sustain you for a night workout?
Do you consider having sex to be an exercise?
Can I recover the strength of my eyes by doing yoga?
When is the best time to exercise, morning or night?
Why do I feel sick after weight training?
Can I start yoga without the guidance of a master?
How do I start taking action and start losing weight? I keep planning but can never get started.
What is the relation between HGH and exercise?
How do I workout to improve my fencing?
Is there an outdoor workout area with a pullup/chinup bar in Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China?
How soon can you exercise after pericarditis?
What can I do to gain weight on my bottom and lose weight off my belly without exercise?
Is it possible to do more than 70 sit-ups in a minute?
What is the best way to take massive action?
Can we train forearms with arms?
What body-weight exercises should you do?
Are there any simple exercises to tone our body?
What will happen if I eat only salad for a week and do fasted cardio? Will I lose fat?
Which is better exercise, walking or biking to work? (It's 2 kilometers and flat surface all the way.)
Will heavy weight lifting beneficial for beginners?
What do you think about muscle (body) building and cognitive development (brain building), are these two mutually exclusive?
Can a skinny guy gain muscle with calisthenics with proper diet and recovery time?
Will doing squats (with no weights) improve my performance in soccer in any way?
Is it better to exercise in the morning or at night?
Will doing 40 jumping jacks, 30 crunches, 20 squats, and 10 pushups actually burn 100 calories?
Why should anyone go to the gym and torture his/her body to work on their muscles and abs?
What is the best HIIT workout that can be done at home to lose belly fat?
As a fitness beginner, I am having a little trouble lifting weights. I can do about 10-12 reps of dumbbell curls on my right hand, but not on my left. Why?
What is the optimal work-out schedule for curls?
Where can I get plain longline gym vests online?
How do I maintain flexibility of my body when I'm working out regularly?
Should I still workout my chest if it is sore?
Why are my shoulders so narrow?
Until what age can one do a one hour work out in the gym?
What is a good plan for senior fitness?
How can I practice mantras and yoga at home?
How can I work up to being able to do beginner spinal stretches in yoga?
Why can't I find the energy and motivation to work out?
What are the type of people who prefer indoor cycling as a form of exercise?
Is 28 too late to get healthy and in shape?
What is one tip you have for me to make my deadlift get stronger?
If those who are against treadmill running were to live in a place with an extreme climate, would they still run outdoors?
What are the best and easiest dishes for an obese person looking to begin losing 20kg of fat? I’m looking to lose weight before exercising.
What are some helpful tips/hacks to go up in weight in strength training?
What are some basic calisthenics exercises?
Is it hard and scary to ride a push scooter?
What is your preference, fitness training or yoga, and why?
How can I get a decent 6-pack and muscular body in 2 months?
Why is caffeine good for fitness?
What should be my workout plan if I am skinny and just want to look good in shirts & T-shirts? I can’t lift heavy and I have limited time & protein.
Why is my strength of lifting weights not increasing even though I am gymming regularly?
Is cycling better than running to reduce thigh fat?
To what extent can light aerobic exercise lower blood pressure?
How do I transform my body like Sahil Khan?
How do I know if I am gaining muscle?
It takes me almost an entire year to read and do only 1/4 of the exercises, so how do CLRS book authors design those exercises and problems?
What music/song should I be listening to while running or working out?
How do I workout?
How do I prevent lower spine hurting when you do exercises?
How effective are isometric exercises?
How many times a week do you need to change your socks?
What could be the possible side effects on my health if I stop going to gym after a year or two of joining?
Can I successfully recomp my body with solely yoga?
Can someone make me a really hard core workout?
0n a treadmill, is speed or elevation more effective?
What is the perfect weekly workout plan to gain muscle at a fast pace? Currently, I workout all of my muscles, except my shoulders and legs, twice a week.
How do you learn how to master an aerial hoop?
Is standing punishment good for one’s health?
Is spotting in weight training necessary?
Is 6 minutes and 23 seconds a good mile time for a 13 year old?
What is the best way to run so you don’t injure your knees?
Is it enough to do a 10 minute bodyweight exercise and then run for 10 to 15 minutes to lose weight and belly fat?
Should I lose weight and then gain muscle?
If a man never works out, what will happen to him? Will he live a shorter life than the men who work out regularly?
What is the fastest way to get 6-pack abs?
Why can’t I lose weight even after brisk walking?
How many calories does doing a plank burn?
Which is more important for sprinting, hamstring or quadriceps?
What mistakes do young men make while weight lifting in the gym?
If I eat like a pig and lift heavy weights, will I gain muscle faster than if I babied my nutrition and didn't get enough excess calories?
Why don't more people take ice baths after exercising?
Is it true that increasing the repetitions of workout and not the weight helps in building cuts?
Is there any park near Velachery for jogging?
Will going to the gym affect my body negatively as I am a fast bowler?
Should I workout or study first after school?
Who would be the strongest character in Overwatch at weight lifting?
Which is the best beginner gym workout routine to build muscle and lose fat for a 32 year old male?
Do leg muscles build stamina?
How can I lose fat and build lean muscle without counting macros?
Can I make progress if I only go to the gym once a week?
What is the physiological reason as to why each post-knee-surgery exercise hurts initially for 2-3 days, then stops, until the difficulty is increased?
Is it good to eat a boiled egg before my workout?
How do you adjust your workout routine when you are cutting weight?
What is the best and safe exercise for a teenager to increase chest width?
What's a good diet and exercise to have to get ready for basic training?
How do you get flat abs in a month?
What are some basic workouts/stretches to be flexible?
What's your favorite least known yoga pose?
If you hang two heavy weights on ropes in a very deep well, say 12km, would they come together or stay the same distance apart?
Can I use a home pull-up bar if I weigh 250 lbs?
How does one prepare an allergy-friendly, fat-burning meal?
What is the Axis Active band? What are its financial and physical benefits, if any?
Why don't women bench press?
What's the best and fastest way to get a flat stomach?
Does my cardio routine (30 minutes on the treadmill, alternating 1 min intense exercise with 3 min rest) meet the criteria for effective HIIT?
What are some good ways to go from skinny to fit?
How can I make my calf muscles bigger?
How has yoga changed your life?
Why does my gym instructor despise cardio?
I'm a high school junior, and haven't grown much since 7th grade. I'm only 5'4", 120lbs, and I don't exercise often. Is it too late for me to grow?
If you are trying to lose weight in two weeks, lifting weights, doing squats, Zumba, and walking, and drinking plenty of water, does this help?
How do I learn CrossFit without a trainer?
How fast would someone have to run to burn the street?
What can I do, when my right chest is bigger than my left chest?
If you could only do two chest exercises, which two would you do?
How can I lose weight fast without much change in diet and with exercise?
I'm thinking of committing to running a minimum of 1 mile every day. What are the pros and cons of this approach?
How long does it take for teenagers to build abs and muscles?
What is the chest size of John Abraham with pump in the movie Force?
If your muscle sore is healed and you continue on working out, but it never comes back, does that mean your work out is no longer effective?
What kind of physical exersice can I do to be strong and fat?
Is it appropriate to go to the gym twice a day?
What is the difference between predicting a 10 second or 1 minute return and predicting a 5 minute or even 30 minute return in futures/stocks?
How do I grip the bar on a back squat?
How do I get really big muscles at home without gym equipment?
What is the best elliptical/cross trainer machine for the home in India?
Can I get my body in good shape/posture by walking around 5,000 steps everyday?
How can one lose belly and butt fat?
Why does lean body mass fluctuates everyday?
Is going to a gym the best way to get in shape? Or can you get in shape by just using your own body and minimal equipment?
How often should I do very heavy deadlifts for strength?
Should I buy a fitness band?
Why are the last muscles of the ventricles, which depolarize, the first ones to repolarize, while it is the other way around in the case of atrial muscles?
What the type of training requires you to focus on gaining strength in your muscles? I think soccer players do this to help with stamina and strength.
How much should you increase in your workout volume at every workout?
Why do wrists hurt while doing a downward dog yoga position?
What type of exercises are preferred for spondylolisthesis patients?
How do I gain strength, only pure strength?
If we eat like beasts and exercise for 1 hour without stopping, what will happen?
In order to gain muscles, should I increase the weight I’m lifting while doing 3x10 or 5x5, decrease it, or keep the same weight?
What are some of the best ab workouts at home and with no equipment?
Is weight lifting good to lose weight?
Will I lose my gains if I train only one muscle group per week?
Why do cramps develop after vigorous exercise?
What kind of exercises will build an 8-pack abs?
After a certain number of months in the gym, our body hits a plateau. How do you deal with it? What should one do, if they hit the plateau phase?
How can I lose weight at home without using any gym equipment?
What is an effective gym workout for an athletes who is trying to gain muscle mass and keep his body fat percentage low?
Is it possible to gain enormous amounts of physical strength?
After a week of doing yoga, especially inhaling and exhaling, I feel some sort of sound or movements at the back of my anus. What could that be?
If I work out and don't wipe away the sweat, making it seep back into my pores, will it render the workout useless?
Can I work out my abs using just a pair of dumbbells?
What body proportions are best for endurance running?
What do the different pull-up/chin-up grips do?
How can I reduce my belly fat and waist size from 35 to 28 or 29 as they keep on increasing even though I workout?
Is it possible to build muscles and a good body by using only a pair of dumbbells (as there are no gyms in my place)? If so, how?
What do you think was Shri Hanuman's workout regimen?
Why do I feel so turned on after working out on my legs?
Is it possible to lose weight and build muscle through weight training only?
Should mild anorexics exercise on empty stomachs before breakfast and eat low-carb diets to prevent Alzheimer's?
What are easy calisthenic workout programs for fat beginners?
What is the best exercise routine that may be done daily at home for 10 minutes for all round fitness?
Do I have to lose fat to build muscle?
How can I get my hip fat back?
What are some healthy food habits and exercises for full time working professionals to lose weight?
Is there any point in me doing sports/exercise?
What should I do If I am a student and don’t get time for exercise?
Is there any actual advantage or disadvantage of having eight pack abs or four pack abs rather than six?
How do I put up weight and become fit by being vegetarian and without going to the gym?
I'm going to deadlift 200 pounds x 100 reps in one set. What injuries will I be most prone to?
How many times a week I can do full Sudarshan Kriya in follow up sessions? Is there any side effect if I do it 4 to 5 times a week?
Which is the better gym - Solid Fitness or Fitness One?
Is it possible to know when your muscles are rested enough to work out again?
What do you feel when you are squatting?
Should I do cardio at the beginning and the end of my 2-hour workout?
How do I get rid of muscular thighs and calves?
What is the cardiovascular equivalent to squatting 405 lbs for 50 reps?
How can I increase muscle size and strength with bodyweight training or by lifting everyday objects (bags instead of barbells, etc)?
If you had a five minute break every day at work, how would you spend it?
How can I feel a runner's high again?
Are people who eat healthy but never exercise really healthy?
Does basketball count as high-intensity interval training?
Can I weight train 6 times a week?
Is mental strength and resolve is as important as physical strength?
What are the benefits of performing aerial yoga at home?
How do I build my leg size by using a dumbbell and a barbell only?
Is yoga really a good way to lose weight? I've seen many fat people who are really good at yoga.
Do ab exercises increase your digestive power and hunger?
Can intense workout make a person spiritual?
What is better: a push/pull split or a body part split?
What are the simple but important exercises I should do if I am a teenage girl?
How long will it take before I observe changes in my body if I have started doing normal push-ups regularly, and am gradually increasing their number?
Is it necessary to work every muscle or only doing compounds is alright for now?
How can I increase the strength of my triceps?
How heavy is too heavy to stop growth?
Why aren't you exercising right now?
Was yoga originally meant to be a form of physical exercise?
Which is more important for muscle building: more weight and more/less reps or less weight and more/less reps?
Why are daily walks and exercise good for stress, weight loss and depression?
If you had a virtual platform at your fingertips to give you guidance on nutrition/training/yoga/Pilates/etc., would you use it?
What is the best aerobic workout to follow online?
Why do people stop going to the gym?
Can I see incredible changes in my body if I box 5 times a week for 4 months? Currently I'm 72kgs, 21% body fat (age 22).
I workout 4 times/week (weights and HIIT). Last week I didn't work out and ate freely. Why did I get thinner/more toned (closer to my goal)?
Is spinning 60-90 mins per day enough for noticeable results?
Can a fat person go longer without food than a fit muscular person?
What kind of exercise will get me a body like Cameron Dallas?
How do I program a HealthStream GS1195T endurance treadmill?
My G.I. Bill benefits will run out before I use it all. I did over 90 days of active duty in 2012. How do I reset the timer and extend my benefits?
What exercises would you recommend to get in shape for surfing?
What workout can I do for legs while having hemorrhoids catching me in my family's genes?
Can I walk and go to the gym everyday?
Why do the muscles above and to the sides of my mouth contract when I swing my arms in full, forward circles?
Is working your way out with exercises, not appropriate during your period bubs?
How do you breathe when you go jogging?
How do I exercise?
Does Compression (& Copper added) really work for sore muscles & other ailments?
What body parts should I exercise to become a lead guitarist?
Does the Fat Cutter, suggested by Vivek Mittal on his YouTube channel Fit Tuber, work if I am not doing any physical exercise?
Is it odd that I am able to gain muscle with very little exercise?
What’s more important, an 8 hour good night sleep or exercising in the morning?
Why do those who do cardio most of the time yet very minimal weight lifting still build muscles and a nice body?
Why can't I run at all?
Is it possible to run a marathon with no training at all?
Can we go to the gym after swimming?
Is a glass of red wine equivalent to an hour at the gym?
Is a 15 km walk per day enough to lose a stone (14 pounds or 6.35 kg.) in 6 weeks, along with a good diet?
I’m a thalessemia intermedia patient. I want to join a gymnasium. Is that safe for me? What precautions/exercises/diet should I follow?
What kind of gym do most med students go to (e.g., CrossFit/usual gyms/boxing)? How long & how many times a week do they go to the gym to maintain their daily study schedules?
Why do my legs feel shaky after exercise?
Is Ensure a good post-workout drink?
Is it more beneficial to do a 1 minute or 2 minute farmer's walk?
What is the best exercise routine for a skinny 13-year-old?
What if I skip gym on day 1 and the next day I do both day 1 and 2 exercises?
How do I maintain muscle mass while on vacation or on an overseas business trip?
What (full body) exercises can I do to come back stronger in general from a foot injury rehab process (Achilles tear)?
I have been having a sore lower back, which just escalated with a level-up on a dead-weight rep. Should I just keep applying heat and wait it out?
Can squint be cured by exercise?
Does masturbation affect your workout at the gym?
Is Adriana Lima too muscled?
How do I go about training for a marathon?
How do I get motivated to start running and get fit?
Why is no contact so difficult? I just white-knuckled it for 30 days. What now, white-knuckle it for another 30 days?
What are the disadvantages of push-ups and pull-ups?
What are scarecrow exercises?
How can I improve my stamina and strength?
How long should I stretch a muscle per day for better mobility and flexibility?
Which place is best for a morning workout, indoors or outdoors, in Laxmi Nagar?
I take mass gainer and workout in gym, I have got belly fat. How do I reduce it? (I maintain diet to increase my body weight)?
Does a dose of 20mg/day of corticosteroids for 2 months in an adult female need a withdrawal regimen? And if yes, what's the regimen?
Is gym good for women?
I've been working out for 2 years now, I have packed on good amount of muscle mass but I don't have definitive cuts, how do I get toned muscles?
Is there any way to burn tummy and thigh fats to be slim in a month?
What do Miranda Kerr wear during workout?
Is it normal to get “thuds” in my chest?
What is better for weight loss: cardio or weight training?
How does an ABS work?
I have done all the suggested workouts, but, alas, I still don’t have a perfect body. I’m depressed and tense, what should I do now?
Can I lose weight by diet alone, or must I also exercise?
Will there be any changes if I don’t go to the gym for 20 days?
How do I run the 400 meter dash properly?
Will you see results faster if you lift weights everyday or every other day?
Which yoga poses and exercises can induce high intraocular pressure in the eyes?
What can I earn more from in the next 5 years, being a yoga, Pilates, or HIIT-focused teacher?
Should I do calisthenics or practice running to lose, get fit and skinny as a teenager?
Does Eckerd have a nice gym or exercise facility?
In what ways are the effects of caffeine and exercise similar and different?
What should I do if my recruiter gave me false information to push me to sign up for the army?
I can bench 140kg (315lbs) weigh 96kg, deadlift 240kg & in the morning I can see slightly the top two abs, why do I not have a chest?
What are some alternative shoulder exercises that use dumbbells instead of a rod?
What feats or milestones of fitness or strength could an "average joe" hope to achieve?
What are some ways to stretch a tight latissimus dorsi?
Why does inactivity cause more tiredness than physical activity?
Which is the best workout plan to achieve a single digit body fat percentage, without going to the gym, for a person with 20% body fat?
Is my workout routine an effective calisthenics workout?
What exercise routine should I follow to lose 135 kg in weight?
My calves will not grow. What is some advice?
Is it stupid that after 12 months of no exercise I took 10mg of dextroamphetamine and a large can of Redbull, to get my heart rate up to 190bpm?
What happens when you do 700 jump ropes every day?
How many pushups can you do in 30 seconds?
What are some good Chinese eye exercises?
Is there any natural remedy for constipation/faecal retention or physical exercises for bowel health?
Is it true that exercising yields no real benefits until you've worked up a sweat?
How do I calculate macros and calories?
How do mini exercise bikes work?
How many times a day should I work out?
How did you integrate running, cycling, swimming and lifting daily and still function?
Can I do wholesaling in New Jersey without a real estate agent license?
Which one is better, continuous jogging or jogging with a break?
I was advised that pro-form has a pretty good gym equipment, where I can find any discount for this?
How can mukbang broadcasters stay in shape?
What are some exercises that can strengthen my knees?
What is the best yoga exercise for excess weight loss?
Why do I have body aches after weight workouts?
What are some improv exercises for large groups?
Is it true that the airways alternately constrict, as is said in yoga?
What is Vivek Mittal's opinion on Stronglifts, Starting Strength, or any other strength-training routines?
Why do people get weaker with age despite following the same fitness routine and diet regimen?
How do some people have so much stamina and energy for work?
Should I do calisthenics or running as a teenager to get fit and skinny and healthy?
How do I train to be really good at cross country running?
What is the use of doing 100 ab crunches everyday?
Is doing a one-hour continuous workout better or is it better to do a 20-minute workout 3-times a day?
Is lifting heavy things an alternative to lifting weights, or does it break the muscle down?
Can you motivate me to lose weight?
How can I build muscle at home with a pair of dumbbells 15kgs each and doing pushups?
How much weight did you burn from yoga?
What should overweight people do in the gym to avoid injuries and getting bored?
What do I need to do to build strength for Parkour/Calisthenics?
Is there an age which I should stop going to the gym?
Is exercising barefoot bad?
How can a skinny guy build an average body?
For people who work in the night shift, how do they exercise to build the body (e.g. to have have six-pack abs)?
I want to look fit on my 20th birthday. I have 7 months and I am starting my workout. What should I do for my diet, being from an Indian household?
What is the name of a small engine that can lift 100 kg of weight?
Is running in place considered a vigorous exercise?
What are some short and long-term exercise goals?
Which exercise is good for growing taller by 1 inch within 35 days? I am 17 years old.
How do I run a mile (1600m) in 5 minutes from 6:30 minutes within a month?
How can I build my body being a vegetarian and without gym?
Is it possible to get fit in one year's time?
What's your favourite physique on a man?
Which kind of superset in workout is better?
What is the best exercise to lose weight for men in India?
How many hours should we work out to burn 400 calories daily?
How many calories do I burn if I walk for 60 minutes or take 7,000 steps in a day?
Will eating significantly less get me a six-pack faster?
Can I attract women by being lifting weights?
Where can I find difficult trigonometric exercises?
What are some tips that can help me make my hips wider?
Is one or two Snickers between healthy meals of meat and vegetables while working out regularly okay if I want to gain more muscle with little fat?
What are some good workout videos for a man in his 50's to lose weight?
After I started lifting weights my blood vessels have become more and more visible. Is this normal?
Approximately how long can the average person expect to wait until they can start exercising again following knee surgery for a bucket handle tear?
Can weightlifting rejuvenate?
What exercises can I do to maintain core strength?
Do stretching exercises increase height?
Can I workout on my bed?
I want to build a fitness software application. What are people's worst pain points when getting into shape? Workout planning, nutrition, etc.?
What are the *easiest* things that you've done (or heard about) to improve your health and physique?
Will our stomach increase if we stop doing abdomen exercises?
What weights of dumbbells should I lift as a beginner?
Who are your role models in gym and fitness?
Can weight training alone burn fat?
Once my abs become visible and muscular, will it be hard to maintain them that way?
Is it possible for a skinny woman to gain some muscles within a month?
Which exercises other than pushups should I do to increase my pushup count?
How can I get addicted to yoga?
Is 32 years old too late to join the gym and build muscles?
Is there anything anyone can do about the metabolic decrease as we age, other than eating less and/or exercising more?
What should I get to get lean, whey protein or BCAA? I want to get lean and also lose 5 kg of weight.
What is the best exercise routine to get 6 pack abs from home quickly?
Where can I be trained in squats in Bangalore?
Can intense muscular exercise cause acute health problems in otherwise healthy individuals?
For a hernia repaired using the Desarda technique, what is the recurrence chance if it is repaired laparoscopically? Will I be okay for the rest of my life if I don't lift weights and only change my diet and walk for exercise?
What are some side effects for 16-year-old boys who go to gym?
How can I get flat abs in 6 weeks?
Will cardio improve my endurance and stamina?
What do you think of my fitness routine?
What sorts of exercise do you not do?
How can I start doing yoga at home to reduce my weight? Is it possible?
Which is better exercise, walking or biking to work? I live about 2 kilometers away from work and it is flat surface all the way.
How can I improve my endurance for soccer?
Which are the best books related to physical strength and body building?
What are some weight bearing exercises?
Do I reduce height if I go to the gym?
Can a women have a flat stomach after delivery?
Is on-the-spot jogging effective?
Is it possible to build a muscular body without eating 5 small meals a day, considering I am not a fitness model but a professional working 9-5?
Does getting drunk remove 2 weeks of weight training?
What should I do to get better at calisthenics?
Is there an accurate way to tell how many calories you've burned in a workout?
How do fitness centers like Crunch/Planet Fitness stay fresh smelling even with groups of sweaty people?
The more I work out my biceps, the more my veins disappear. Is this normal?
Do you do yoga or exercise every day?
How can I get bigger forearms?
What are all of the basic facilities that should be provided by a gym?
How did your body change once you started working out?
While weightlifting every day (or near enough), when should you fit in HIIT?
What anaerobic exercise can I do without access to a gym and without putting weight on my legs?
How do I convert lean muscle to bulky muscle?
What is the best thing to drink when working out at a gym?
How do I lose weight without dieting or cutting out my favorite foods, or exercising?
Can I lose weight by doing 1km of running and a 4-minute Tabata workout?
What are some tips to make my run in the morning more effective?
What’s your exercise of choice when you are limited on time?
How can I work legs with a hamstring injury, when I can't deadlift or squat?
Bikini season is around the corner. What running workout is best to lose some weight?
How many times a week should I drink?
What breakfast/snacks should I have in the morning and evening during the initial days of gym?
Why does my breath taste like bananas when I'm tired or exercising?
Why do I feel pain above my kneecaps and leg shakes at the end of reps while squatting or doing leg presses?
Which one is better for lean muscle gain, Dbol or Anadrol? Is it safe?
I slammed my deltoid muscle on a door. Can I lift weights with a bruised deltoid muscle? It doesn't hurt when I lift.
How soon is it safe for you to exercise after an asthma attack?
Which racquet or ball games can be played alone and give a high intensity workout?
How do I build my body at 18-years-old?
Is it possible to do a heavy workout after a collar bone fracture? If yes, after how much time?
What does squeezing your glutes do?
How can I build my stamina for a long hike?
What's the best way to gain muscle mass when you are already lifting heavy weights?
Do I really need a rest day from working out? Please see the comment.
Can you suggest a 30 day challenge to lose weight and organize life?
Should you include cardio in your workout if you're skinny, 43kg and if your age is 19 years old?
How will you feel after Juventus legend Buffon lifts the UCL 2017?
Is weight lifting all I need to do in order to lose about a pound or two of fat from the belly?
What kind of pull-ups or chin-ups work biceps the most?
How can I workout and not be sore?
Why does your body fat % go up with heavy weight training?
Comparatively, which is better: Zumba or jumping rope?
Is it okay for pregnant women to workout in gyms? Or is baby in the planning phase?
What are some exercises to lift and shape my butt?
How can I get the most out of our home gym?
What is your typical golf warm-up routine?
What is the best way home exercise?
Does jumping rope create calf muscles and are they safe to use if I’m 40 ?
What are the effects of not working out for a week?
Can I lose weight if I can't leave tea, oil and snacks? If so, how?
Should I lift the same weights again or increase if the last one gave me DOMS?
What are the best exercise machines to workout for the forearm?
Does exercise alter the chemicals in the brain?
What is the difference between weightlifting and weight training?
I hate exercising. What's the most effective exercise routine I could follow for the shortest amount of time where I will get the most benefits?
How do I include strength training in my daily workout?
What is the most effective motivation for you to go to the gym?
Why does my left shoulder muscle get sore (very sore, even more than after a shoulder workout) after bench presses?
Is it normal when I can only do fewer repetitions on the next set with same weights?
What is the best workout to target all muscle groups twice a week?
Every morning, which type of exercise should I do on a regular basis?
What are some periodized strength training program routines for size (hypertrophy) and strength (powerlifting and Olympic lifting) that I can do 4 days a week for 20 weeks?
Walking with 4/5 of my usual speed, I miss the bus by 5 minutes. What is my usual time?
Will doing 30 wide shoulder push-ups daily have a good result?
Is it a good idea to do pushups in the standing position?
How do I keep myself motivated to exercise and stick to a diet?
How do you calculate the equivalent weights you are pushing when you are cycling?
Are there any downsides of exercising by climbing stairs?
Is it bad that I’m exhausted after fast walking and jogging for 4 hours straight?
What type of exercises can be done with a stretch band?
What are the most effective exercises for writers?
When is the time to workout?
What all exercises/cardio/gym can I (26-years-old) do to lose 18 kg (92-74 ideal), considering that my right shoulder joint got dislocated and relocated?
What is a good leg routine for a 5′7″ tall guy who weighs 60kg? My routine is in the details.
What's more beneficial, a short, intense workout, or a longer, less strenuous workout?
Is it possible to perform sEMG decomposition on the forearm using Backyard Brains' Muscle SpikerShield? If so, up to how many different motor units?
What are some effective exercises to help grow and define your calf muscles?
Why is it I do not sweat even after jogging, does that makes my exercise ineffective?
Can you lift things to be strong without using dumbbells?
If I lift 2kg weights 150 times and 5kg weight 50-60 times (both arms included) twice a day, how long will it take for me to see a difference?
I need a workout regimen that will make me as fit as a Navy Seal. What do I do?
What is the need to warm up before exercise from an evolutionary perspective?
Is reformer Pilates a good workout?
Can I prevent my feet and ankles from hurting after running and walking for 4 hours straight?
Do you absolutely hate going to the gym?
What muscle groups do I need to improve for a better physique?
Is it safe to take fat burner while workout?
Is running 7 km daily in 37-40 minutes good or bad? Is it good for the heart?
What are the best exercises for losing fat from one’s face?
How do I start training with ankle and wrist weights for improving kicks and punches?
Is it advisable to do exercise and meditation in my room in the early morning?
What is the best HIIT training routine for a 17-year-old aiming to lose weight at the gym?
How can I break a 6-minute mile?
What are some fat burning exercises for beginners?
What are the benefits of working out 7 days a week?
Is there a way to shift the concept of exercise from workouts to body maintenance?
How can I reduce 6 inches fat from my stomach without reducing more than 2 inches fat from my breasts and hips?
How do I get rid of excess fat? What is the proper diet and exercise regimen to be followed?
What is the importance of aerobic activities?
How many calories does 20 minutes of running burn?
What would be a basic running kit for winter?
What is the best way to gain muscle without losing weight?
Why am I burned out so easily during my workout?
Suppose that I am doing a chest or back workout in which I rarely have to walk. Are the calories burnt during these workouts being counted by the Mi Band 2?
How much running is best for a male?
How can I reduce/lose hips fat without losing body muscle?
How often should I do cardio besides weight lifting for fat loss?
How can I achieve washboard abs and defined pectoral muscles at home?
Could a runner with baseline fitness (30 miles/wk, longest 12 miles) try to run a marathon with only two long runs (18-20 miles), for this training cycle?
How can I improve my cardio for boxing?
What are the types of exercises I should be doing after coming back from a broken leg?
What are the best exercises for my legs?
What is the best exercise for buffalo hump?
What is aerobic capacity and why is it important?
What causes pain on your right knee after squatting down?
Will jogging get me abs if done daily?
Why do you want to get lean?
What is the best exercise for strenghten eyesight?
What is a “ripped physique”?
What if a fit man stops exercising?
What are the best YouTube channels for fitness which teaches step by step to beginners and nutrition channel for maintaining proper healthy life?
What can busy entrepreneurs do to fit health & fitness into their daily routine?
I run every day. I weigh 105 lbs. How much will I lose?
How many reps and sets should I do for muscle growth? I'm only using machines and cables right now.
How can I get out of running the mile?
What should a person do at the gym, jogging or running?
Does doing six pack exercises help to reduce this skinny look?
How long and to what degree do you need to elevate heart rate in exercise?
Can I become strong by doing pushups?
How can you perform aerial yoga at home?
How do I lose fat around my arms without making it look bulky?
If a skinny person lifts, does he get bigger or more toned?
What is the benefit of applying oil before exercise?
Do I have a good workout plan?
What physical activity is required for the CRPF?
Can I use a treadmill with a max speed of 13 mph for sprint training?
Would working out before exams help reduce stress/increase performance?
What can be done to reduce errors in work leading to wrong numbers pulled out for client projects?
Is it normal to not sweat during a workout?
How do I get off a plateau at the gym, because I'm not seeing any more gains?
What are the benefits Of Fitness And Exercise?
Is it better to do 100 push-ups in a row or 25 four times throughout the day?
What should my breathing be like during weightlifting?
What happens when you lift weights with your penis?
Where can I see videos of meditation exercises online?
What are some exercises that help induce labor?
When are your experiences on muscular strength?
What's the best way to increase cardio performance?
How much exercise should I be doing right now?
What exercises should I do to have a fit body?
How do I build my upper chest?
How do I maintain my fitness and a healthy body?
How long after you workout can you eat a full course meal?
Which vitamins are depleted when performing physical exercise?
How can I measure the calories burned in 10,000 steps?
Is cardio bad for abs?
What is the best exercises for bad knees?
Is it too late to do physical exercise for my body shape?
What is a good body weight workout schedule for a 7-Day period?
How often do you train per week?
How long will it take me to train to walk 40 km for 4 days?
I’m only 13. Is it possible to run 800 meters in 2 minutes and 30 seconds?
Is 3 miles run in 25 minutes good?
Is it possible to start a mus cell building with Headlock Muscle?
Should a fan be turned on or off during a workout?
How should I stretch before I run?
How can I tell whether my kettle bell is the right weight for me?
Do Venezuelan people exercise?
How many people in the world can do Bruce Lee push-ups?
What is the ideal time that an amateur should take to jog or run 6 km?
Which is better to do in the morning, a) study and then take a morning walk or b) take a morning walk and then study?
As a 22-year-old, what health habits, diets, exercise routines, etc., should I be engaging in to lead a long, healthy life while maintaining a low body fat percentage?
Is it possible to completely transform yourself with just a few pairs of dumbbells and pull-up bars?
How long does it take until muscle mass starts to go down after not working out?
Do deadlifts and squats work the same muscles, and hence is repetitive?
What is difference between weight training and weight lifting?
Exercise makes my belly more fat instead of flat. Why?
What are some good monthly challenges in fitness for women to do at home?
How do I get mass on my chest?
For how long should I do my leg workouts on leg day? I'm 42 years old.
What happens if you work out frequently?
What is the best alternative to a personal trainer?
Does cardio also burn the healthy fats in our body?
What are some gym hacks to lose fat that a trainer won't tell you?
What is Zakk Wylde's workout routine?
Will I lose weight if I lift light weights with many reps?
Do squats help you develop abs?
When should I fit pilates into my training? Main goal: Training for a 10 mile.
Does a 13 year old girl have to go to the gym 4 times a week to maintain weight?
If I do the same exercise for 30 minutes a day on consecutive days will the amount of calories I burn remain constant or decrease over time?
Does it count as exercise if it doesn't raise your heart rate?
What am I supposed to eat after a workout when I am on a diet?
How could you treat locomotor ataxia through exercises?
Why do the muscles above and to the sides of my mouth constrict when I swing my arms in full circles?
Will lifting weights make girls have crushes on me?
Is physical exercise helpful while preparing for UPSC?
What are the best exercises for strength for groin muscle?
What exercise should I do to increase my leg muscles or leg diameter?
How can I increase my strength without going to a gym or that sort of thing?
What methods can I use to lose 65 pounds?
What are the best 3 biceps exercises for mass?
Which exercises should one do with a home gym?
What workout plan should I follow if I want to jump higher?
What's the ideal time duration for cardio exercise per day at the gym? This is for huge weight reduction for men.
How do you work-out 99²+199²+299²+399²+499²-5?
What exercises should you do after shoulder surgery?
What are some free exercise to reduce soreness in the lumbar spinal cord? What causes this?
Which muscles should I train to get rid of kyphosis?
Is there any breathing exercise I can do after having a meal to improve digestion?
What is the fastest way to burn 500 calories fast?
How can I prevent my shoulders from becoming broader as a result of my workouts?
Assuming that you jog on your 3 HP home treadmill 2 hours daily, how long will its motor & belt last?
How do I get a toned belly?
Why is it important to stretch after exercise, what happens if I don't?
How do you perform negatives for chin-ups properly?
When I stand with my arms at my side and spin in circles, why do my arms lift up without effort?
Does taking an ice bath after a heavy workout allows your body to recover enough for an immediate 2nd workout right after?
Can you join the best yoga center in the world?
How do I reduce my body fat and get ripped?
Does playing sports rather than exercising work?
What are some exercises to make witty answers? How does one do it?
What were the most fit and least fit Presidents in terms of BMI? What is the ranking of all 45?
Do core exercises like squats or the farmer's walk help people lose weight/exhaust excess calories, or are there entirely different sets of exercises for that?
Is running 10 km twice a week enough?
Is it advisable to buy a treadmill online?
Which is the best exercise to have a great physical condition for surfing, especially for paddling?
How do I stop being a guy trying to fit in and become a good kid, get good grades, and get fit?
Is a toning tube useful for full body making?
Has anyone tried Mike Mentzer HIT lifting? What results have you gotten?
I workout every day, but today I'm not in the mood to workout. If I don't, I'll feel guilty. Is it ok not to work out?
What sort of workout can I do for basketball with a limited amount of time?
Will using the Smith machine for squats grow my shoulder/trapezius muscles?
How many skips should I do to increase height?
What are some good exercises to reduce belly fat?
How can I put on weight without eating properly and exercise?
How do I get into the habit of exercising?
Do the gym exercises increase the size of bones?
Are there any body weight excercises for biceps and triceps?
Should I add dumbbell workout to my routine?
What is best street workout equipment?
What is the best beginner routine for hypertrophy, Fierce 5, SS, or Stronglifts?
How do the accessory muscles of respiration work?
Can I go to the gym at age 42?
What is the fastest way to get into shape and exercise after being extremely out of shape and lazy?
Is it good to do a workout after consuming food? If not, why?
How do I get rid of belly fat and develop muscles?
Why do I feel like stretching?
Do my body muscles decrease if I don’t go to the gym for days?
What is good custom workout routine to achieve an aesthetic physique for an ectomorph?
Is it good to take glucose D during pre-workout?
Should I perform yoga under AC?
Is EMS fitness safe?
Which exercise reduce tremor?
How does yoga help you to lose weight despite not using weights, much movement, or tiring physical activity?
What is the best form of functional exercise?
Is Surya Namaskar equal to walking (e.g. are 30 rounds of Surya Namaskar equal to 30 minutes of walking)?
How do I build leg muscles with light weight barbell squat?
Which is better for building strength and muscle, heavy weight for low reps or medium weight for high reps?
What kind of exercises can I do, while practicing on my keyboard to improve my singing?
How do I maintain a workout diet when living in PG?
Why is distance running so popular?
How can I build up the muscles in my body in 6 months or more?
After six months of delivery via a c-section, can I join a gym?
What diet or exercise schedule should I follow as a teenager in order to lose weight?
Why do I get a rash when I exercise?
What exercises causes you to lose flexibility/gain tension?
Which one is better for health, swimming or running? And how?
I'm supposed to eat a healthy carb after workout. Would it mean that I’d get more nutrition for the muscle I worked out last in my full body sequence?
What are the benefits of neurobic exercises?
What are the sports for lower body weight loss?
What would you recommend about running daily on road (tarmac)?
How fast will I get my gains back to be fit for summer after being absent for almost two months from the gym?
What is the importance of yoga in a student’s life?
Should I go all the way down while doing a squat or should I stop mid way when my legs are parallel?
What are some home remedies to stay fit?
Is working out (push-pull legs routine) effective for an ectomorph beginner?
Which workout routine would you suggest for someone who has already spent 7 months in the gym doing full body and upper-lower body splits?
What do you feel when seeing Suresh Raina seemingly being out of shape with a big tummy? Shouldn't he taken care of his fitness?
Should I workout if my elbow hurts whenever I fully extend it?
How can I use my Apple Watch to my advantage to help me be healthier?
How do I increase or develop my gym and fitness business?
Is it mandatory to practice Bharatanatyam in traditional attire that is simply wearing a dhoti on the lower body and leaving the upper body uncovered? I practice in a traditional way.
Is there a reason to do squat using Smith machine, but standing inches in front of the bar?
What exercises can I do at home that will affect the same muscle groups that a pull-up does?
Is it okay if I do my strength exercises in the morning and cardio exercises in the evening for a flat stomach?
Does strength training burn fat from the face?
How can I increase my running stamina from 1 mile in 10 minutes to 1 mile in 6 minutes within 4 days?
How should I fix my squat?
Which is better, 300 burpees or 100 push-ups, 100 sit-ups, and 100 squats?
Should I do cardio before or after weight training to lose weight?
How do I strengthen my sense of identity without counterproductively strengthening my ego?
What is the simplest exercise/workout that is effective?
What is the best (fastest and easiest) way to obtain a strong, masculine body shape?
How long will it take for our arms (biceps and triceps) to recover from a moderate workout?
Can I do yoga after an exercise?
How do fitness models get ripped?
Why should I start lifting weights in life?
Is it okay to hit the gym for killing body fat knowing that after a month or two you won't be hitting it because of the lack of time from work?
If exercising a lot keeps you young and is anti-ageing, then why do many who work out have a lot of wrinkles?
Is lifting weights enough to burn fat?
What is the time duration between Parayam and yoga?
What are the best exercise to gain height quickly?
What are the important rules you need to know before you start lifting weights being a girl?
Is it less beneficial to take breaks during exercise sessions?
How can I lose fat and get as skinny and fit as a 15-year-old?
Is it bad to do squats when taking a shower?
How effective is the Revoflex Xtreme for core body exercises?
How can I firm up my body the fastest?
What is QCI in yoga?
What is yoga muthra?
Can I build body muscles without going to the gym? If so, what should be my diet, and what training should I do?
What are some stretches I can do to be able to do the splits?
My upper chest is not flat. It kind of bulges out. How do I correct it?
What if I train every part of my body including calves except my abs?
Is it good to run and do workouts if you have kidney stones?
Why does my running stamina fluctuate whereby I can run longer distances on some days but on other days I cannot run even half the length?
How can I learn to do one handed push-ups?
What are some breathing exercises to improve stamina and let me hold my breath longer?
Does pure physical labor build muscle better than weight lifting?
Are my running times good?
Should I move on to free weights?
Is it possible to gym to lose weight?
How do I prevent steps being counted by my pedometer while I am driving?
What are the best effective ways to burn belly fat for men?
What piece of workout/fitness/mobility tool did you buy that is now collecting dust in the closet?
What should I wear while workout?
How long will it take an out-of-shape person to walk 2.5 miles?
Why is walking considered a good exercise?
How can one skip marriage?
Can I do abs workouts daily during, before or after going to the gym?
What does it mean to be curvy and fit?
Should I workout before or after studying as a high schooler?
Is it normal to have red spots on your arms after training (crossfit)?
Should one have skinny legs or no? What kind of exercises must I do for my legs?
Is it good to do gym before 18?
Which methods of exercise have you found to be most enjoyable and helpful?
What are T25 exercises?
What is a body weight workout plan for 45 days that would leave me with a 6 pack?
How many miles did you walk this week and why?
Can you give me advice on getting back into shape (motivation-wise, amount of exercise, etc.)?
What would happen if you went to the gym 5 days a week and followed a good diet but only slept for 5 hours a day? Would your muscles grow?
How do I gain face fat if I go to the gym on a regular basis?
Why do I feel so turned on sometimes after I workout on my legs?
Should I do more reps with less weight or less reps with more weigh to get bigger muscle?
Which is better for girls, the gym or aerobics?
Is it possible to gain 45 kg going to the gym?
Is there any exercise to gain weight?
Is it easier or harder to burn fat as a teen than an adult?
What is the best way to achieve my real complexion after swimming?
Will girls go crazy over me if I start lifting weights and getting in shape?
Is it a good idea for me to start Capoeira when I have scoliosis?
How do I get strong forearms plus a lot of stamina?
Which one is better for losing weight without any adverse effects on the body, 1 hour of swimming or 1 hour at the gym?
What is the perfect exercise to remove belly fat?
What does it feel like to overwork your muscles?
Can one build upper pectorals without an incline press?
Which low-intensity workout will give me the best fitness boost if done consistently?
How does a beginner bodybuilder who is skinny get bulky? When will his abs be muscular and visible?
Do you have some experience with tabata running workouts?
What is more important, to have a strong and fit body or a clever brain?
How can you exercise in your bedroom?
Does your body initially reject exercise when you begin a serious regime?
Can cardio and toning exercises induce arousal and orgasms?
What is the best training exercise for surfing?
Why aren’t simple carbohydrates not recommended pre-workout?
How I do build the perfect body without going to the gym?
Can I lose fat by only working out my abs, without changing my diet too much?
What kind of exercise can lazy people do?
How do I train if I want to get stronger by building more compact muscles rather than bigger ones?
What are some good fat burning HIIT routines on a spin bike?
What is the best exercise to train the obliques without gym equipment?
Can I do push-ups if I have acromion type 2 with no surgery yet?
What is “Black Wolf Workout Eliminate”?
Which is better, gym or functional training?
Which workout routine and diet should I follow to gain strength?
If you could only choose one way to lose weight, between dieting and exercising, which one would be more effective?
How many hours should I workout at the gym to put off 5kg of weight?
How can I reduce 10 kg in 20 days?
How can you exercise your muscles during puberty?
How do I start the process of being healthier and exercising?
What is a daily workout that can lead to getting a 6-pack before June?
What is a good workout for strength when you only have access to a bench press with leg curls, 2 dumbbells, a pull-up bar, and an EZ curl bar?
Is double unders considered as an anaerobic or aerobic?
How can a lean guy reduce excessive chest fat?
What are some of the best jaw relaxing exercises?
What should I do when I go to the gym after my depression?
How do I get that V-shaped torso like Cristiano?
How can I build a workout routine for maximum muscle mass building?
Which is the best fitness academy in Mumbai?
Where can I find a workout plan which will help my long distance running and strength development?
How do I do pullups/chinups?
What exercises can you do in a day that will make you lose 1 pound?
Which are the best chest exercises to develop the outer pectoral muscle?
How does Akram Khan stays consistent in his workouts?
How do I perform Urdhvareta yoga?
What are some best home exercises for burning fat and getting leaner physique?
Are high knees a vigorous exercise?
Fitness-wise, what does it mean if I can hold an exceptional reverse plank, but can't hold a regular plank for longer than 5 seconds?
I have very chubby legs with cellulite, what exercises can I do to shed fat from my legs as well as tone my legs and butt altogether?
What makes me wheeze after exercising?
What's the best treatment/exercise for a dual diagnosis of costochondritis and shoulder impingement with associated upper back pain?
What is an aesthetic and strength workout program?
How can I start gym exercises for good health?
What are the rules that one must follow while doing Balayam yoga?
What is the simplest way to gain stamina?
I am 50, I want to increase my baseball throwing speed, what exercises should I do?
How long will it take to get my muscle back?
What is the best ab exercise? What is the best type of exercise for a 6-pack? Don’t worry about nutrition. I've got that covered.
How can I make my abs stronger when I have low back pain? Are there low-impact exercises that will help?
What are body weight exercises for the hamstring?
How much workout is considered too much?
What is the best way for me to lose fat and gain muscle with the aid of clenbuterol?
Can a 16-year-old male grow three inches by exercising?
Has anyone managed to increase their height using stretching or hanging exercises?
How do swimmers get such ripped bodies?
How do I maximize my endurance (running) within 9 days?
What are some home workouts for skinny teenagers?
How do I get a longer penis with a strong erection? And what about Kegel exercises? If they are good, how do you do them?
Where can I find a good diet routine?
What is better, going to the gym or doing self-weight exercises?
As a female, how can I gain more muscle mass in my upper body? What are the best workouts?
How should I exercise each side of my brain (separately)?
Are drugs more effective when you're physically fit?
How can I have upper, middle and lower chest workouts with just push-ups?
How important is exercise for PhD students?
What are good stretches to do every day to train towards the splits (center, left and right)?
How important is strength to endurance?
What's a good body weight percentage for a dead lift?
What is cardio exercise?
How do I plan a workout while doing a 5 PM - 2 AM shift?
How would I get abs as soon as possible?
Why do I feel like puking or vomiting every time I complete a gym workout?
When is the right time of day to exercise according to Tradition Chinese Medicine?
What makes more physiotherapists and doctors recommend pilates over yoga for rehabilitation?
What home workouts are good for 400m dash preparation?
What's the fastest way of looking strong and fit?
When I want toned arms and don't want to build a lot of muscle, should I use less weight and do more repetitions or more weight and less repetitions?
How do actin and myosin work during muscle movement?
What are the benefits of doing 100 push-ups a day?
Why should a nurse teach preoperative breathing and coughing exercises?
Is it possible to gain good eyesight from eye exercises like so many people say it is?
How many calories are burnt in 2000 counts of rope skipping?
Would I be muscular if I decreased my body fat?
Can I only get toned by going to a gym only?
Does exercise make one psychologically strong?
What is the best running routine for 1km run in 3:45?
What are the fitness exercises for bowlers to increase their pace?
How often should I do ab workouts and for how long? I'm 42 years old.
Between running, cycling and rowing which one results in the highest energy expenditure and why?
What are the best comedic routines against Islam?
What is the best way of acquiring a good body physique if you are thin?
What exercises should I do to lose fat?
What should girls eat after a workout?
What should I do to progress in daily Hindu squats, having reached 70 almost every other day?
How do I combine calisthenics and lifting free weights? Should I do them both every single day or do them alternate days?
Is there any YouTube channel for learning the proper forms of weight training exercises that explains position, form and movement in-depth?
What’s the easiest way to get into yoga at home for someone who hasn’t exercised in 10 years? Any book, DVD, or app recommendations will be gratefully accepted.
What are the best-kept secrets about exercise, fitness, body building, and working out?
Should I eat after or before workout?
How effective is the legs, bums and tums workout?
Does a vacuum in space get stronger and stronger?
How can I get wider biceps by pushups?
I run a 5:20 mile and want to run a sub 4:40 by the beginning of track season in 9 months. What type of training do I need to run it?
Which is valued more, a well-shaped, fit and muscular body or a flexible body?
If one major muscle from your body vanished, which one would you want it to be?
What percentage of macronutrients do I need if I want to get leaner?
How many of you have lost weight by doing yoga?
Can someone help me create a workout and diet routine to get a physique like this?
What is more beneficial, running or going to the gym?
What is the best strength training program for a 62 year old man trying to build muscle?
Is is preferable if I do my strength excercises in the morning and cardio excercises in the evening to get a flat stomach?
What workout do I do the day after a full body workout?
Why is cycling so much more effective than running and why can I attain higher speeds than walking, even when going uphill?
Are Bipasha Basu's aerobic and cardio workout videos helpful in burning fat for an endomorph body-typed woman? How many calories does it burn in 30 min.?
Does building muscle make you a faster runner?
Can you recommend a good post workout snack?
I'm kind of skinny-fat and I want to get more toned without losing weight or gaining fat. What's the best workout/diet for this as a 20-year-old girl?
Does Bale skip leg day?
What are the best workouts for building back muscles in 2017?
What is the goal of cardiorespiratory endurance?
What is the best apps to track water intake and exercise on iPhone?
Is it possible for a 24-year-old to lose those last 5 kgs, i.e., stubborn belly fat, without exercise?
With a combination of yoga & walking, how much weight can a person lose?
Why has my height not increased since last year despite regular exercise and diet?
Is it okay to drink liquor a day after working out?
How can I lose fat, get skinny, fit and healthy as a teenager and fit in my clothes?
What length should exercise bands be?
How can I produce flexibility?
Does arthritis and strenuous exercise go hand and hand when you are older, e.g. above 70?
What is a good workout schedule for a 200m dash?
Will I be stronger than an average person after losing weight if I do body weight exercises while I am fat?
While weight training, should an older person take more "rest” days between workouts than someone who is younger?
What is the ideal height for exercise?
Can Sennheiser wireless headphones be used for workouts in the gym?
What is calisthenics all about?
Is there any way I can push the limits of my physical fitness?
What do we need to do to keep ourselves inspired to work out daily?
What exercise does the killer perform in the movie Faster?
What are your motivations for getting up early, even on the weekends, doing 1 task or taking exercises every day for 1 year?
What fuels are used to produce energy in anaerobic exercise?
Is it safe for a bodybuilder to do leg day every day that he does his regular workout?
Has the Hulk really lifted the weight of a star, as some people claim?
Is it enough having one weight training and one aerobic workout a week?
What is kickboxing like as an option for staying fit?
Can yoga practice trigger emotional responses?
Why are my muscles bigger after a workout?
Is there a scale in which I could quantify my physical health/fitness?
How do I achieve V-shaped lower abs if I am skinny?
When weightlifting, is it better to do one exercise 3 times in a row or do the whole routine 3 times?
Why do some pains (e.g., the pain in the body after an intense workout, or when you are mentally hurt, or when you rub your gums together) feel good?
How does Greg Norman stay so fit?
Why do fat girls always dress like they're about to go to the gym but they never do?
What's the best way to run a sub-3 minute 800 meter run?
Does losing weight help with push-ups?
How good are spin classes for you?
I'm wimpy, thin and bad at lifting weights. I tried pretty hard, but all my workout partners ditched me. Should I just go to the gym by myself?
Can you do sit-ups, go to the gym, and lift weights after a kidney transplant?
What exercise is the quickest way to lose weight?
Why do so many people get hurt when they practice Ashtanga Yoga?
What is the lifespan of a treadmill motor& belt?
What are some affirmations to say to do beginner pushups?
What are the benefits of training on sand for a runner?
How do you explain “tears has no weight but carries heavy emotions”?
What increases one's chance of death more, 10 minutes riding a street bike, or 10 minutes spent in a tanning bed?
What are the best exercises that a student should do early in the morning?
In a garden, which direction is better for healthy walking or jogging, clockwise or anticlockwise?
What would be a good exercise plan to follow after coming back from a leg injury?
In what order should one train strength and endurance?
When doing standard push-ups, does it matter if your elbows flare out when you go down?
Can you give me a list of military exercises and how many of each to do?
Why does a strained muscle keep hurting suddenly after 3 weeks?
How do toned arms differ from muscular arms?
Is building and selling weights a good investment?
Which is better, a gym or an akhada?
What is the best time to do cardio (Walk, Jog and Running), before weights or after weights?
What are exercises for bending legs and arms?
How do I make time for workouts when I have a busy schedule?
How many times a week should I go to the gym and for how long?
Can anyone challenge me in any kind of workout?
What is Connor Murphy's workout routine?
I've exercised moderately every other day for a year. I'm 50+ years old. Will my muscles ever stop being sore?
What are the best calf workouts?
What's the best way to lose weight slowly? I work away a lot, so I stay at a hotels. I don't do any exercises at the moment, and I'm currently 5'9 at 270 lbs.
What is the best fitness guru or program to help a skinny guy gain muscle and strength?
Is it bad to have a workout method where I bench, back, abs, then legs?
Who is the best female fitness model in the USA?
How long should I exercise/workout when time isn't an issue?
I had lost weight on my upper body and thighs except my belly! What kind of exercise should I focus on now?
What do I need to do at home to get my abs to show if I'm already skinny?
Should you look out on the Leg press?
Is there an easy way to fix text neck posture?
Is it safe for a 42 year old man to lift weights 6 days in a row?
What are the most useful exercises to do early in the morning?
Do you burn more calories walking up stairs two at a time, even though you are taking fewer steps?
What is the insanity workout like? What kind of diet should a female follow when doing that?
Is there a gym in NIT Silchar, with weights to lift for bodybuilding?
Can anyone join the DDA multi-gym?
What is a stretching cylinder?
How does the ECG change post-exercise?
How to increase my stamina after being a couch potato for 2 yrs?
Is it embarrassing for men to do butt-workouts? (Bodybuilding)
Will I lose muscle if I lift lighter weights?
Does weight training lead to muscle loss and fat gain?
Can I mix pressed flax oil and orange with coffee as a pre-workout drink?
Are​ cardio exercises fit for a 12 year old child?
Do I look like I’m in good physical shape?
I can do a pistol squat with my left leg but not with my right. Is this because I'm a right handed fencer?
What is the best workout for both fat loss and building a bit of muscle?
What happens when a female bodybuilder stops working out?
How much of a brisk walk is needed to keep diabetes in control, and how many days should one walk briskly in a week?
What kind of exercises do you need to do to get a bigger butt?
What exercises can I do at home in order to gain weight healthily?
How long does it takes to get rid of gynecomastia by exercising?
Can you build a great body by working out at home?
Can I lose belly fat, butt and thighs fat with diet only and no special exercise?
Is it possible to increase “body width” for a 16-year-old?
Can I do both suryanamaskar and walking for burning calories?
Why should I run?
Are hula hoop rotations beneficial in any way if they’re included alongside weight training?
How do you perform lingual exercises?
How do I avoid losing muscle mass?
What’s the best method to lose about 1 or 2 pounds of fat from my belly to start working on my abs?
What are really the most common reasons why guys lift weights?
How many calories does swimming for 45 minutes burn?
I’m a 42-year-old bodybuilder. What should my weightlifting routines be for leg day and my upper body workout? How many hours each day?
Is stretching important post-workout?
How is doing pushups on mountains in low oxygen different from doing them near sea level?
How can I manage to get fit, healthy, skinny as a teen?
What fitness app do you use to keep track of your workout and achieve goals?
Is it bad to do extra cardio in the morning & later hit the gym in the evening that includes weights & cardio?
What is the correct form for a shoulder press?
What's your favorite fitness or fitness-related cliché?
Why are splits seen as unmanly?
What Should be my diet plan to loose 7 kgs, should I consider taking protein powder since I hit the gym 5 times a week?
What are the benefits of doing squats every day?
How many hours should I practice programming to avoid burning out?
How long and how often should I exercise to see some serious muscle gains?
Should I stretch before or after my workout?
How can I increase my stamina for running?
Which causes losing weight fast, aerobic exercise or machines?
What should I be doing to get abs if they are not in my genetics? I need an actual plan set up.
What is the best workout plans blog?
Is it possible to rent an empty small room for an hour?
How can I organise my notebook and the exercise solving on tests?
When you burn body fat, do you burn saturated mono- and polyunsaturated fat in equal amounts, or is there a preferential one?
Are there great alternative exercises for swimming?
What are some beginner basketball training exercises that can be done at home with no hoop (female)?
How does aerobic activity influence metabolic activity?
What are good exercises to get strong enough to pick up a person?
What are the workouts to lose weight on a rowing machine?
Why does exercising make my chest flat? How can I make my boobs bigger?
What are some very simple free-hand exercises for absolute beginners at home?
In Bikram yoga, the standing forward to knee starts on the left leg while the standing bow pose starts on the left leg. Why does the balancing stick start on the right leg?
What is the best way to loss fat and maintain muscle?
Is there any difference in one’s heartbeat between when one’s exercising and when one’s fearful?
Which one should I do first, between gym and jogging?
What yoga posture helps with a hiatal hernia?
What are the main muscles used for jumping jacks?
If you exercise in only a certain period of your life, would you live longer than if you had never exercised at all?
What's a good vertical workout for a 15-year-old without any gym equipment?
How do you strengthen your middle section and bottom without excessive exercise?
What are the best workouts/exercices to get a cobra back?
Dynamic stretching, core workouts, sprinting, exercises, yoga—in which order should I do them for a ripped & flexible body?
Apart from working out at the gym, how do men generally train (context: India)?
How much exercise should I get each day if I work a desk job?
How do I get leaner, longer arms and get rid of the muscle in my arms at home?
I will be going to France (Strasbourg for 12 days and 3 days in Paris) this next weekend. Is 800 euros enough for my 2-week stay? I've already paid for my hotels.
How is it possible that when we lift a load and then put it down again, no work is done?
At what rate (weeks/months) can you expect to lose running fitness (condition) you have built up for 6 months? When are you back to square one?
Should I do abs exercises to tone my abdominal area (I have 14-16 percent body fat)?
With eye pencil push exercise, is the point of double vision good or bad?
How do I strengthen my jiggly triceps?
How long do I need to swim per day to see results?
What is a good amount of sit ups to do daily to strengthen my abs?
What are some exercise for power yoga and meditation?
Which algorithm is used by applications to count calories burned? How do treadmills and other gym machines count calories burned?
Where can I learn about losing weight without dieting and exercising?
What are the best exercices for a setter?
Which form of yoga is the best for gaining muscles and flexibility?
What are the best exercises for meralgia paraesthetica?
Is it necessary to lift your shoulders in the kickboxing fighting stance?
How do I live healthy, younger and safe without doing any exercise?
Will stretching to increase hip flexibility help increase my vertical jump?
How long must I wait in order to workout after gynecomastia (liposuction) treatment?
Can reducing butt fat change the shape of men’s hips?
Is it better to do cardio in the morning before breakfast to get better results when trying to lose weight?
What is the best physical activity for a 50-year-old to keep fit?
What methods can I use to burn 3500 calories a day?
Does the dumbbell curl exercise grow muscles for girls?
Can I do push ups after breakfast?
I’m a beginner bodybuilder. How long should I workout my legs on leg day?
How do I be fit (I mean have power not concern with muscles)?
Which is the best gym equipment store in Kolkata?
Is it advisable to consume electrolytes during workouts?
What is a superset back2back when working out?
Why can't I pull 10 chin-ups in a row even after a lot of training? I am stuck at 8 chin-ups. What am I doing wrong?
How do I get abs while I'm eating a lot to get bigger too?
What's an affirmation I can have as a beginner at push-ups?
How can I increase my fitness in the gym to lose weight faster?
Is it okay to extra train arms and shoulders other than in the gym?
What is the difference between power lifting and olympic lifting?
For how long do we need to move the hula hoop around the waist for proper abs?
What is the best thing to eat right after working out?
What are the effects of exercise on the bones?
Has anyone that you know ever made a lean body without lifting heavy weights?
How do I burn body fat fast in a gym?
Should I do a HIIT workout every day at dawn and in the afternoon?
What should I eat at night (dinner) to reduce my belly fat?
What are some exercises to burn stomach and thigh fat?
What would be a training program for the whole body if I will hit the gym 3-4 times a week? I want to look like David Goggins.
When lifting to failure should I be able to complete as many reps for each subsequent set?
What are some high intensity interval training exercises for someone with an injured ankle?
Is it good to go to a gym after ACL surgery to build up leg muscle?
Will lifting anything up make my arms get bigger?
If you lift a 5lb weight a hundred times, is that the same "work" on the muscle as one lift with a 500lb weight?
What are some rehab exercises to build leg strength?
How many times per week should I do a HIIT workout, and how many times should I do a strength workout?
What is the best gym in Greeley, Colorado?
Will people respect me more and not bully me if I lift heavy weights and get massive?
What are other types of workouts, apart from isometric workouts?
How long should your ab workout be?
For badminton, what are the most effective exercises you can practice by yourself?
Will running help lower body weight?
How much time do I need to build great fitness for football despite the little time I have in the day and what are the best exercises?
Is it necessary to take protein powder when doing a gym workout?
What are negatives for chin-ups?
Will going beltless for heavy deadlifts (1-3 reps) work my abs more?
How much weight could be lifted if an effort of 100 pound were applied?
Why does a suit become inconvenient when you put your hand up?
“At the limit of each stretch, breathe in and out three or four times, and try to relax.” What does this sentence related to exercise mean?
Does muscle only grow on rest days?
Would it be possible to get hired as a fitness trainer without a two-year diploma?
Which is the best fitness tracker in budget?
How many sit-ups would a person have to do in a single night to see results the next day?
Do you keep your shoulders up in a fighting stance?
Are there any positives to working out the same muscle two days in a row?
Is boxing considered to be a good exercise?
What are the most effective leg workouts I can do at home to burn fat and tone my legs?
What is the future of yoga?
I had a massive heart attack. How can I lose weight? I don't know about lifting weights. Is this safe as I do have a defibrillator/pace maker.
Do chefs workout?
I had a leg workout two days ago and it still hurts to lock my knees and flex my quads. Is this bad?
What style of climbing is the best upper body workout?
What changes did you observe in yourself after pursuing Yoga?
Is it good for a single guy to masturbate 3 to 4 times a week?
Is it healthy to do 30 minutes of regular jogging, after 40?
Why doesn’t Superman move his arms while flying, as we do while walking or swimming?
How do I develop a fitness band app?
How many push ups can you do at a time?
What is the best way to stay healthy exercising while on a diet?
What single exercise works most muscles in your body?
If you do more ab workouts, will your sperm count be reduced?
How much, and what kind, of exercises are well suited to reduce belly fat for someone in their 30s?
If you take steroids and do not exercise, what happens?
Why are my calves and arms increasing despite three days of cardio and three days of weight training, and even a proper diet?
I enjoy working out. How do I best equalize the strength between my left and right arms?
What is the best exercise for a 15-year-old guy like me?
Am I supposed to eat more protein food on my workout day or my rest day?
What kind of workouts are for getting stronger without getting bigger (muscle mass) like the guys on America's Ninja Warriors?
What exercises can I do to gain strength and increase muscle size? Also, how do I reduce belly fat?
Do you think I can get a full time front desk job at Planet Fitness if I'm not necessarily fit?
How does the electromyogram change post-exercise, and why?
What workout do you use to train for the 300 meter hurdles?
Why is my heart rate not increasing during exercise?
At what age did you start yoga?
How can I cure constipation if I have already tried everything including exercises and medications?
Is it possible to get biceps, a bigger chest, abs, and a chiseled jaw line?
How can I obtain elite-level strength and speed?
What does HIIT do on rest days when bulking?
How many days does it take the shoulders to recover after workout?
What are some ways to get your legs leaned out but muscular? I would like to stay fit but have thinner thighs.
If you lift weights in zero gravity do you still gain muscle?
Where do you recommend getting cheap yet pretty and comfy exercise / yoga attire in Singapore? Is JB worth travelling to for getting cheaper goods?
What are some quick stretches for my whole body to do every morning?
What is the intense heat I feel in my quads after a run?
Do workouts affect growth?
How do I operate a gym?
Which are the best 1, 2 or 3kg dumbbells for arm exercises for women?
Why isn't my vertical (jump) going up after several months of training?
How much do you have to Squat in order to dunk?
As a 60 kg guy, how many jumping jacks do I have to do to burn 100 calories in 10 minutes?
How much water should be taken before morning walk?
Can I cure excessive elbow angle with exercise and yoga to be fit for army medicals?
What are the tips to be followed during workouts?
Is there a way to meet women in my yoga classes?
What is the best sport for good thighs and lean hips?
Is it possible for a 24-year-old to lose those last 5 kgs, i.e, stubborn belly fat, without exercise?
When you do cardio, does your heart get stronger? Or do your muscles just use the oxygen more efficiently?
What are different ways to tone whole body without doing using any exercising machines?
If I swim 36 laps instead of 24 laps, 3 times / week, will my metabolism be faster on the days following these workouts?
Should I workout with my girlfriend?
Do heavy squats increase leg explosiveness?
What is Buti Yoga and how is it different from more traditional forms of Yoga?
Should I go on a cut?
Is it fine to exercise while you’re not feeling well?
It's been 110 days since I got an operation on my leg for a tendon that had ruptured. I'm still not able to put weight on my leg. Is that normal? What should I do?
Can one get a six pack body by doing yoga?
What ab exercises are bad for your back?
How can I always be in the same energetic mood I get into after workouts?
How do I lose tummy fat through exercise?
How many hours should an average person exercise each day?
Would bodybuilders buy a hard sucking candy that acts as a pre-workout?
What are the precautions while doing yoga to lose weight?
Will full body workouts everyday weaken or strengthen muscle?
How does the intensity and duration of exercise affect the hormonal response?
Why are some muscle builders so bulky yet still lack muscle definition even with very low fat ratio?
How can I improve my running as I'm asthmatic?
What is the best exercise for legs when you are prone to excruciating leg cramps?
What are the exercises to developeTelepathy?
What are some good workouts for teens?
What are some examples of how exercise has improved your or someone else’s life?
What are some good everyday workouts at home ( no equipments)?
How can I impress girls in yoga class?
Is it possible to get a strong jawline with facial exercises?
Which are some of the exercises an unfit obese person can do to cut down belly fat and gain more muscles?
Should I eat chickpeas before workout?
What are the best techniques to develop strong forearms?
Can I get fit body just by walking one hour a day?
Can an employer round up hours if less then 30 minutes?
How do I gain discipline and force myself to do even the bare minimum of exercise?
Does doing pushups and crunches affect height growth?
If the penis is a muscle, why can't it be exercised to get bigger?
What exercises can help to reduce stiffness in my broken wrist?
How do I reverse type 2 diabetes with food and exercise alone? Please include specifics meal plans or type of exercises in your answer.
What does Snap Fitness cost?
Why do I type faster after I've exercised?
What is the most efficient way to get a nice chest at home other than push-ups?
What's a good way to lose 10kg in 2 weeks without much exercise?
Is there any problem with doing ab exercises daily at the gym?
How do I reduce thigh fat and size?
How do I rest after a workout set to perform better in next set?
What is the best way to increase waist?
Realistically, how much weight in muscle can I put on in a month?
Is it normal to have stiffness in one’s lower back after exercising and jogging, after recovering from a lower back stress fracture even after 4 months of rest?
Which exercises can help me to jump higher and higher?
What should one do when one hits "the plateau" in workout?
How many push-ups, crunches, leg raises and squats should I do to lose 80lbs?
Do you clench your jaw when weight lifting?
Can I run one hour per day as well as going everyday to the gym? Would such intensity have any down side?
What are the best jawline exercises?
Are there any benefits of walking blindfolded?
How can I get motivated to practice running and get fit as a teenager?
Would doing 100 push-ups every day work just as well as doing a routine of exercises at a gym? Would you get just as strong and muscular?
How do I make people aware about the benefits of working out?
How often should you do squats and "the big 4"? My training plan is chest & triceps, back & biceps, and legs & shoulders.
What are the best beginner core and upper body workouts?
What's the difference between being fit and going to the gym?
How do pilots manage workouts and hectic flight schedules, to keep themselves fit?
How do I build muscle without going to the gym?
Evander Holyfield lifted weights, why did he not suffer significant decreases in speed/mobility/flexibility after gaining so much mass?
Is there such a thing as exercise intolerance? Every time I attempt to exercise I feel dreadful and sick.
Does Exercise improve Your Vision of Eyes?
Do you consider yourself as an athelete if you're a bodybuilder who lifts 5-6 times a week?
What's the most guaranteed way to lose fat without using the gym?
How do you build muscles if you can't afford to go to the gym?
How do I use honey on workout?
What could be the reason for not losing fat despite six months of regular gym activity?
How important is a fit body in terms of survival and life expectancy?
How do you increase your stamina?
What's the best weekly routine if I have to play squash, do HIIT running for 20 mins, do a chest workout, and get the most out of them all?
Is cardio really necessary for fat loss?
Is there a way to lose belly fat without eating healthy and exercising?
What feels better, sex or lifting weights? Don't say sex. It’s overrated.
Should I draw mind maps and do exercises instead of just reading and doing exercises to get better grades in high school?
Do you find that you need 10 minutes to yourself each day after getting home before engaging with your spouse or family?
Are there benefits to exercising self-control? Can exercising self-control save one's life?
What should I think if my recovering anorexic sister wants to start going to the gym with me? Should I be worried?
Can one exercise after one’s kidney stones have been removed?
I have been following some of the workouts suggested by you and lost close to 20lbs. How do I change my workout now to build a six pack?
What are some of the recommended yoga positions for beginners?
How long should one wait to begin mild exercises like jogging, etc., post-gynecomastia surgery?
How much weight and repetitions do you do while doing squats and deadlifts?
What is a good weight training routine 2 times a week?
Am I allowed to use the gym after school?
How do I train my core and back?
Is it necessary to have a perfect, flat stomach? Is there any necessity for a little fat over the stomach for men?
What are the best exercises for men over 40?
What are some tips for beginner joggers?
How can I stop losing circulation in my arms during chair dips?
How can I get my legs thin or toned?
Can I have some reasons that my parents should pay $20 a month for a gym membership for me?
What are some different flex band exercises I can do for reducing upper body fat?
What's a good routine for a full workout at a gym?
Is your upper chest important?
How can I improve my cardiovascular fitness for the 12 minute Cooper run?
Which are the best ab exercises to do at home?
I workout regularly since I was 13. Why my nerves in my arms are visible although I eat a lot?
What are the exercises and ways to get in great shape quickly for men? Are there any advantages/disadvantages of working out daily?
Whats are the best exercises to build huge calves?
Is it bad to neglect to train the chest but still train the rest of the upper body?
Should I wear weights (1-2kgs) on my hands and legs at all times? Will I get stronger?
Is it normal to feel weak after stretching?
If we jog for 10 minutes 3 times a day, will it be equivalent to 30 minutes of jogging in one go?
Which exercise is better for a runner, jump squats or a tuck jumps?
What is the best way to approach weight training for a man over 60?
What exercise can I do with an injured wrist and hip?
Should I drink a coffee before I go to the gym? How does it affect my 2 hour workout?
When is a good grade to start weight lifting?
What is the purpose of aerobic exercises?
Which is best, a boot camp or a gym?
How can I get fit and skinny as a high schooler?
What limits how fast humans can run?
How do I lose thigh and calves muscles in a month?
Out of a heavy body and a lightweight body, which body falls down first?
Is it better to run once a day, or once every other day? Which is better for endurance training?
How do I decrease weight without doing any exercises?
Besides health, is there any real benefit to exercising and being fit?
International Yoga day 2017, how is it relevant for us?
Is it possible for an athlete to have the strength and muscles of a bodybuilder, and the endurance of a marathon runner at the same time?
Did I make a mistake? I ate 2 plate of noodles after I have worked out and now I am thinking to do fat burn exercises.
What is the perfect time for exercise?
Which physical exercise is good for me to increase my body strength?
Why do I feel aggressive after a work out?
Can planks help one lose tummy fat?
Why do four cable cars travel together in Jeita Grotto? How is the weight balanced? Will there be high tension on the rope?
After eating, how long should one wait before working out?
How do I get the motivation to start running and to get fit as a teen?
Why do I get chills after running?
What is the most time-efficient aerobic workout?
How frequently do YOU back squat vs. front squat?
Is possible for someone who has never been physically active to become really fit and strong?
How can I train my (bulky) body for long distance running?
How do I eat without lifting my arm?
How is walking good for the heart?
What is the best ab vacuum exercise?
What happens if I don’t do ab exercises properly?
What diet do Indian sportsmen/athletes follow to keep them fit?
What are the pros and cons of compound exercises?
What is the science behind not liking to exercise? (in the brain)
Can a complete strength training program be built around kettlebell swings, the barbell deadlift, and bodyweight pull-ups?
How can I build muscles if I have a coronary heart disease?
I am 165 cm tall, and I weigh 44kg. I exercise twice/week and eat healthy, but somehow my body stopped changing. How can I gain muscle mass?
Do pelvic muscles exercises really work for men?
How can I stay fit and healthy at home without going gym?
How many workout studios offer TRX classes in Chicago?
Is there any disadvantage in taking protein powder to the gym for a guy?
What are some of the best stretches for the pectoral minor muscle?
Why does every train stops at Visakhapatnam for 20 minutes?
Is there a hazard to exceed my max heart heart rate (220-39) with high blood pressure?
How do I train effectively in Ramadan -Weightlifting?
How bulletproof are the weighted vests used for exercise?
Does strength training burn the same amount of calories as cardio to lose weight?
What are the benefits of stretching before and after workout?
Does cardio make you lose muscle?
Will continuous exercise to my physical limits, even in old age, give me a longer lifespan?
What is the best setting to work your calves on a treadmill?
What is best for burning belly fat: sit ups or running?
If I go from no exercise to running 1 mile a day without changing my diet, will I lose weight?
Will squatting alone get you huge legs?
Is lifting 30kg weight 20 times and 20kg 30 times the same?
If you were seen doing some unusual exercise (e.g. yoga, parkour), what would your response be to "what are you doing" and "why are you doing that"?
Can I join a gym for increasing my height?
What can I do to make my butt bigger besides exercise and invasive surgery?
Why do our muscles tire from static exercise?
Is it ok to flirt with the gym receptionist?
How do I take whey protein, before workout or after workout?
Why can I do more pull-ups but less chin-ups?
If someone fell off a treadmill in front of you, would you help?
What is your review of Arhatic Yoga?
What is 15 minutes daily workout/exercise to remain fit for girls?
When working out a particular muscle group, should I take a 3 day gap or a 5 day gap, before hitting that muscle again?
How do I stop using the PC too much and study more/workout more?
I'm a 16 year old girl and just ran a 8:50 mile. I haven't done any physical activity in the last 2 years. How do I improve my mile time?
Is it bad to have different workouts ever other day?
Can a person get from being very physically unfit and unhealthy to very fit and strong in a year, if already skinny?
I'm weightlifting 4 days a week and including 5-7 serving of fruits and veggies daily, does taking a multivitamin beside considered much?
What workout split works best for you?
Is it acceptable to talk to a guy you find cute who works out in the gym where you work?
Are we fit if we eat well and exercise daily?
If I lie down in bed and a machine moves my body parts, does that amount to exercise?
How do I convert my cycle into gym cycle?
I can complete a 1600-meter race in 6.54 minutes. Can I complete this in 5.30 minutes? How can I improve my time?
Is it beneficial to train the same muscles/muscle groups every day at the gym?
Do you need to train your legs if you combine sprinting, walking on an incline, and cycling? Squats cause hemorrhoids and leg extensions damage the quadriceps tendon.
What are some advanced gym exercise?
What are the best exercises to have a balanced shoulder complex?
Does heavy workout terminate pregnancy?
How do I get/convince a very overweight friend of mine to go on a diet or to workout?
How should I be working out?
Which type of stretches are recommended for the beginners, dynamic or static?
What is the best home exercise app for male?
Is it possible to be explosive and do plyometric exercises at 80 or more years of age?
What should I study at the university? I am into yoga and Pilates.
What is a good full body workout with a bench press and a pull up bar?
Does doing high intensity sprints reduce the muscles?
What are some good stretches to improve flexibility?
How does a slim person build up his muscles in the next 4 months?
My vertical jump is around 34 inches. What are some good exercises that could increase it by 4-6 inches?
How often should you resistance train when you are in your mid-40s?
Is solving a Sudoku puzzle a good exercise for the mind?
What is the difference between exercises of bodybuilders and weightlifters?
What is the best way for me to lose my last layer of body fat, but still gain muscle?
Let's say X does strength training for one year, and Y does cardio for one year. Who burns the most fat?
Is it possible to get a pointy nose with nothing else but face exercises?
How do I tell my dad that I can't do a chin up?
Are people generally attracted to people who are similar to themselves? If I want to date someone who’s physically fit, should I become fit, myself?
How do I reduce fat on hips and belly?
Will I gain muscle faster if I have a fitness coach?
What workout can I do at home in order to build muscles in a short amount of time?
Does penile traction exercise and other exercises for penis enlargement work?
How do I strengthen my legs for a backstroke kick?
What is the correct way to grip a pull-up bar?
Which is best brand for workout wear?
Is it doable to walk for 2 hours to run an errand, then walk back home the same way, for a total of 4 hours?
How much time should I workout in order to make my body strong enough?
What is the point of exercise if my face is hideous?
I'm 20. How can I go from 5 ft 9 to 6 ft 1?
How do I get visible abs?
Which is better- swimming or gym?
Are there any side effects when doing a workout without a proper diet?
What is the best reps/sets range for strength and muscle building for a 43-year-old person?
Will exercise help with saggy skin?
As a gym owner, what is the best step to take after finding out a client has been diagnosed as anorexic?
How do I lose 40 kgs in 6 months without going to a gym, by doing exercise at home and running?
How many times should I masterbate in a week?
How do I work out at home to build a six-pack?
Which are techniques used in preschool to improve physical fitness in Kids?
How many hours is best to work out a muscle part when training to achieve muscle mass?
How can a skinny 16 year old guy start getting in shape with just a pair of dumbbells, a pull up bar, and a treadmill?
Should I workout by doing calisthenics/bodyweight training or by running as a teenager?
What is the best form of exercise?
What is the best fitness center in the USA?
Is 7.5 miles considered a long distance to walk or run?
Your maximum weightlifting capacity may be 50 kg. If you were asked to lift a 500-kg weight, how would you do it?
What if I trek a hill every morning instead of going to the gym?
What results can be seen after doing 20 minutes elliptical trainer daily?
How do we even walk?
What exercises do you do to obtain such a nice butt?
How can I distract myself from gym workouts to office work?
What should I eat before going to the gym? And should I take bath before going to the gym?
How do you know when an exercise pain is the kind that strengthens vs. the pain that leads to injury?
What are exercises that resist height?
What's Dale Steyn's workout?
What is a good workout routine for those trying to gain weight?
How do I get really strong forearms?
What are the main causes for overtraining?
If I start lifting weights, will I start getting women?
For his physical fitness regimen, a man decided to jog three times a week, swim twice, and ride his bike twice. If he will engage in only one of these exercise forms each day of the week, in how many ways can he schedule his weekly exercise schedule?
Does doing sit-ups on a bed make them easier to do and thus making them less effective?
Which gym did you join?
Can I see a notably ripped physique if I box 5 times a week up to 4months? Currently I'm 72kg with 21% body fat.
I have had an ACL replacement. What leg exercises should I do, and which ones should I avoid?
Are Mike Mentzer’s training and diet a preferable resource for the gym for a mere amateur?
How do I run the mile at school faster?
What are the best tabata workouts without any equipment?
What kind of body and muscles can you get with only a bodyweight workout?
Should I start gymming?
How does a chiropractor treat muscle imbalances without exercises?
Why do spinners don't take a run up?
Are there specific ab exercises to form abs for women or do they give the same results for both genders?
Will my running hurt my strength?
How does running in place differ from running on a treadmill?
What are some good shoulder workouts?
Is working out twice a day for 2 weeks equivalent to working out once for a whole month for fat loss?
What are some examples of men's workout gear in 1990-1991?
How do I start a home gym and earn money?
I'm a young guy and go to the gym 3 times a week for 6 months, what foods or drinks should I avoid to gain visible abs?
Are there other websites like SQLZOO with numerous SQL exercises?
What workout routine can I do 3/4 times a week with just an adjustable weight dumbell (up to 105 on each) and a pull up bar?
Could I develop a lot strength in two years training five days a week?
What is the best way to get in shape for capoeira classes in three months?
How healthy are runners compared to fit and healthy people who exercise but don't run?
If I burned 500 calories as a warm-up before swimming, do I have to snack first or swim right away?
The body produces adrenaline to raise the heartbeat during both exercise and emotional stress. Why, then, is exercise good for the heart, but stress isn't?
What is the best workout to strenghten my core?
Where in Rishikesh can I learn Kundalini Yoga?
How do power cleans work?
How do I acquire the ability to immediately understand math, without going through exercises?
If doing Olympic-style powerlifting workouts increases your muscles, why do bodybuilders work out using a split system?
Can people with a simple kidney cyst work out at the gym and lift weights?
How much do you walk on average every day?
If someone gave you $20 to dance for 30 minutes, would you do it?
People keep saying that going to the gym at an early age can stop your growth. Why?
How can a girl reduce the size of her thighs?
Which exercises make your shoulders and biceps shrink in size?
How do I control my bowel movements which strike every morning when I run, even after finishing two rounds of excretion?
Is a workout still effective if I rest between the exercises?
How do I do a front push kick properly?
What could help people maintain their muscle strength during a weeks long hospitalization?
What is the best way to combine running and weightlifting to provide optimal improvement in both?
How can I decrease my weight from 65 to 55 kg without boring physical exercise?
Can a person become 6ft or 6ft 5in+ tall by exercising, regardless of genetics?
What are the advantages of workout in gym?
What Is the best way to promote at home yoga classes?
What should be one's workout intensity to maintain shape once they've reached their health goal?
How can I make my body stronger?
Should I workout if my upper ankle hurts?
Does exercise make you more productive at work?
How can one improve his physical strength without going to the gym?
Why are most people against workout partners or "fitness buddies?" I love mine.
Is it better to start a workout with cardio and then proceed to strength training or is it logical the other way round?
How can I keep my knees in line when squatting? I experience a lot of popping and clicking after I squat.
How should I lose upper body weight?
What daily exercises can improve my writing?
Is it safe to exercise (body pump, running) with polycystic kidney disease and kidney stones?
What is the best workout routine to follow for a college student looking to pack on muscle?
What are the best websites for workouts?
When you stop consuming protein, how long until you feel the effects?
What will happen to my body if I stop going to the gym after one year?
How can I work out (strength, muscle building) while on a trekking tour with no access to a gym?
How do I use negatives to increase my pull-up repetitions?
If I lift weights and do high intensity cardio, what should my routine schedule be? I'm 42 years old.
Does doing push-ups and lifting dumbbells, daily, affect one's basketball shooting form?
Which floor exercise at home is better for women with bad knee?
At the age of 17 years old, how many push ups or pull ups should one do, considering that the person is fit?
What should be the sequence for yoga, Pranayam and meditation?
Has anyone had a knee arthroscopy for microfissures? Was it successful? I can't exercise my leg as instructed without excruciating pain.
Why does time seem to slow down during exercise?
Bench presses push pectorals to failure. Squats hit the quads. When you run until you're out of breath, what muscle is the weak link?
Will working abs exercise any negative impact on your belly fat loss? A friend said doing lots of abs exercise will make the belly fat hard to loose.
Has working out ever helped you in an altercation?
Can normal people do Saitama's workout routine? Would it do more harm than good?
Why should you warm up before playing badminton?
Which is better, a workout for your whole body in a single day or a workout for different body parts every other day?
What is the best way to increase physical strength and be able to do more pushups?
What are some effects of doing intense cardio for 2 hours every day?
What is a perfect and the best five-fingers exercise video for piano?
Do all aerobic activities have the same health benefits?
What is a good intense 10-15 minute kettlebell workout I could do after work?
What exercise one should do to lose 40 kgs of weight?
Where do teachers get changed for gym class or sports?
Why is there intense knee pain after a leg workout?
How do abs work?
I have a squat rack, a bar, a bunch of plates, a bench and a dip station. Can you help me come up with a solid upper-lower split routine?
Will my bones and muscles gain less strength if after a workout I heal them with cold temperature?
How long will it take to notice a difference from working out 20 minutes a day?
How might one build up strength and stamina in a dog, in a way that’s not harmful to the dog?
Why is it that when I experience nerve pain, like sciatica, that movement takes it away like a simple dumbbell workout with light weights?
How can I improve my muscles without using equipment?
Are there any workout routines that are still effective with a simple diet plan?
What is the use of pull up and pull down resistors in a micro-controller?
What is better, jogging for 25 minutes or walking for 1 hour?
Is it okay to have a meal after exercise?
Can you improve vision with excercise?
What are some upper body workouts if you’re so weak you can't do a push up?
Should I just keep studying all day or go out and have some physical training as a refreshment (preferably a gym)?
Is it possible to build a fitness-model-like body in 9 months naturally?
What is the best equipment for Nike+ Training Club (exercise rookie)?
What should one prefer for a toned body, aerobics, Zumba, Pilates, yoga or weight training in the gym?
I've recently started to go to the gym but I don't know how many sets and reps of each exercise I should do. Should I use the 4-2-4 technique?
How can I improve my pace in running? I am just a beginner.
Should I carry on doing my squats although I have pain in my thighs?
Will doing chin ups, push ups, sit ups and squats for 4 days a week as well as running 3-4KM for 3 days a week make me stronger and a better athlete?
What scaled down movements do you practice to increase your pull ups?
What was the experience like for someone who got into FIT?
How can we install weight sensors in a robatic arm?
Is it okay to walk in the morning and go to the gym in the evening and do yoga?
I am extremely healthy in most ways, but I just won't exercise. What are some ways to overcome my psychological barriers to exercise?
Is there a diet/fitness regime for people 64 and over that actually works?
Can crossfit be a good alternative to circuit training in competitive rowing?
Why is my right arm swollen after a workout at the gym? I am having no pain but my arm feels heavy. What is the reason?
Have you ever cried during yoga?
I get chills after running. Should I be worried?
Is swimming for 1 hour daily enough of an exercise for a healthy heart if I also consume a lot of butter daily?
What does it take to be a cardiovascular surgeon?
When a man with a nicely toned and muscular body with abs is at the beach, how likely is it that he'll get attention?
Does doing uperbody weight lifting build visible abs?
If I don't feel like going to the gym after work, would going in the morning be a good idea?
Is it better for a 42-year-old to lift weights 5 days a week or 6 days a week?
How do I do cardio exercise at home without equipment and increase stamina?
What are some calisthenics exercises for shoulders (that do not involve pull-up bars)?
Can I take L-arginine before a workout?
What are some muscle building exercises at work place?
How long shall I jog for optimum cardio benefit?
What should be eaten for breakfast when you workout in the evening everyday?
What exercises should I do to reduce my baldness?
How exercise improves our memory?
How can I as a woman be as strong/fit as some of the crossfitters out there?
Is doing push ups right after getting up bad for me?
What are some creative ways to do crunches and sit-ups?
Will there be a problem if I do weight training for full five days a week?
What weight loss exercises should I do if I can’t run?
Is it possible to go to a gym fully decked in knight armor?
What are the best whole body exercises?
What kind of cardio is good for asthmatics?
How do I maintain my BMR and muscle mass after I stop exercising?
May I save my muscular mass by three swimming workouts and only one weight lifting workout per week?
Are yoga (ashtanga or vinyasa) and pilates safe for moderate mitral valve prolapse?
What are some good exercises to help build your strength back up in your back after having a tumor removed from your upper back?
I'm a vegetarian who started going to gym. How do I increase my body mass and what should my diet be?
I feel my abs under my fat, should I do more ab workouts or more fat burn?
Why is it that when I try to do simple stretches, I feel like I'm pulling something in my leg?
How many calories would a 7 stone female burn running on the spot for an hour?
How do you get back to exercising after a back injury and gout attack?
How many calories will we burn if we lose 100 grams of weight?
How can we get V-shaped heads formed by the piezometers, rather than a parabolic shape, during the experiment of verification of Bernoulli’s principle?
What is the relationship between ritual and yoga?
What is the way to increase the AMH hormone through exercise, medication or food?
Why is the chin-up harder than the bench press?
What is the best fitness program at home?
How can I build my body to be like Arnold’s?
Do all ugly people get sexy by going to the gym?
How do I know that the exercises I do are in fact burning calories, and not just giving me sore muscles, or does sore muscles mean that I have burnt calories?
Aside from the importance of nutrition, what are some great exercises to build muscle while efficiently burning fat?
How can I increase only the length of my legs?
What is the best for weight loss, going to a gym or aerobic activity?
What is it like working at Anytime Fitness?
How can I get started weightlifting?
What are the benefits of doing pushups? How does it help women? How many reps. should one do?
Can a female build up strength same as a male through weight lifting and exercises?
What are the health benefits of exercise?
Can I build muscle in one month?
What is the importance of rest after a workout?
What is the best way to burn 3,500 calories in one day?
Why did the finger wrinkle after swimming?
Why do a lot of non-straight women have broader shoulders? Is it a biological reason linked to homosexuality?
Does going to the gym and lifting help you lose fat? I've been doing it regularly for 4 months, but I still have a two pack. I'm still fat.
How do you know if the weights are too heavy or if you are just wimping out?
Can you do 'sit ups' standing up?
Is it bad for men to have soy protein (more specifically after weight lifting)?
Can I lift weights 5 days in a row? I'm 42 years old.
Will walking on all fours strengthen my knee caps?
What are the best advices to warm up before a poker online session or before a live tournament?
Can pushups lead to bigger manboobs, as it always happens with me?
Will there be problems in the future if I do an abs workout at an earlier age?
Why is my upper body square type?
How can I begin the business in yoga?
How did you gain your muscle mass? What did you eat and how did you train?
Is it possible to increase one’s chest from 70 to 81 in 4 to 5 months? How much does one need to workout?
What is a good exercise that can be done with a thick stick?
How do you know if you’re overtraining?
What is the core strength of your family? Why do you think it is so strong?
What is a good time to do workouts?
Can I do yoga if I’m overweight? Where do I find tips for doing yoga?
How do I get toned legs & a big butt?
Is running (6+ mph) considered moderate or vigorous exercise?
How can I build a massive chest with heavy weights?
Can a girl start playing physical sport, like wrestling or weightlifting, at the age of 25, with the aim of winning medals?
With a torn meniscus, what body weight exercises can I do? I have been using kettlebells, but I don't want to cause any more damage.
What do I have to do to get abs?
Why do westerners who perform yoga as an exercise, call themselves yogis when its meaning is different in Sanskrit and you have to earn it?
How do you determine how much weight is right for you for a leg press?
Which is the best workout programme for losing 30 kgs in three months?
How will 8 minutes of sprinting and 45 minutes of swimming twice a weekend affect me physically?
Is it hard for women in hijab to exercise?
Is it bad I only hydrate right before my workout?
I'm an active person that trains CrossFit about 6-7 times week. How many calories may I take in daily?
How can I prevent pain in my knees while doing leg stretching?
How do I grow big calves when I have bad genes? What are some workouts and tips?
Should you use your core on every exercise you do when weightlifting?
How often a week, including 3 workout sessions, should I do cardio to burn stomach fat (for an 18-year-old)?
Can a ripped-apart body be embalmed?
Must I take supplements to do better with exercise? I have a perfect body only when I’m working out.
Does a women's only gym have to allow a transgender female to male person to work out in the gym?
Can I build a good physique on 2 meals a day?
What are perks of exercising in the morning than other time?
What are good exercises after a knee reconstruction?
Is there a name for exercises (routines) that don't require squatting/bending down?
Assuming willpower and pain are non-factors, what is the most efficient way to acquire physical fitness overall?
What will happen to my legs if I run 10-15km per day? Is it harmful?
How do I increase my muscles?
What workout is better for losing weight from the midsection? High intensity cardio, circuit training or cardio?
Are fit Nordic skiers (cross country) more fit than fit professional high altitude mountaineers?
What should my diet plan for six-pack abs be if I exercise/work out at home without equipment?
What is the best machine for abs in the gym?
How should I start exercising again after 5 years?
Is Hyper Blaze good for health if I want to decrease fat and make lean muscle?
How should I move my arms while running?
What are the best facelift exercises?
Does it affect working out in summer?
How can I train myself to ride 100+ km on a bicycle at a stretch with one month of training?
What are the best plyometric exercises to jump higher?
How do I become a Pilates instructor in the USA?
Will a bigger chest make you faster?
What is above physically strong for an Adult man?
What is the longest I should be riding an exercise bike?
My parents say if I miss school for being sick, then I can't lift weights the same day. Is this right?
What is the minimum age for a person to join the gym?
How can I start gym exercises?
Can you suggest some simple yogasanas, which can make a person physically fit?
How do some guys get so strong without ever hitting the gym?
What types of exercises can a patient with spondylolisthesis do?
How can I build my chest if I'm skinny?
What time is ideal for a morning walk?
How is Yin yoga different from other types of yoga?
What are some good makeup techniques for minimizing the appearance of a double chin?
Which is best, running or swimming?
Which exercise is better for getting slim, crunches or plank?
What do people do to get flat abs?
Which is the best fitness band for under Rs. 1500?
Why do my muscles ache while I am working out those specific muscles? Not a soreness, but an ache.
What is the best exercises for jumping higher?
Is yoga or pranayana better for us to keep healthy?
Does NSIT have a gym? If so, is it good enough to work out?
What are the best workouts to lose weight without machines?
What is the link between, if any, cigarettes, insulin levels, and fat burn/deposition?
How much should you rest in a day?
Have you ever felt more tired than usual during a resting time while not working out?
What is the different body shapes of girls?
I used to be able to do multiple sit-ups in a minute. Haven't tried them in a while and now I can't even get up. Why?
What is an interesting way to get in shape?
What muscles are used while skipping?
After an exercise, I felt like throwing up and my vision became very bright, like the grass was glowing neon green. Does anyone know why it occurred?
I need to increase my stamina in around a week for a boxing match. How do I do it?
What is the best gym routine for an ectomorph?
Is it best to do cardio before or after a workout if you are doing weight loss training?
Is there a way to tone legs without bulking them?
Can I run 2.4 km in 15 minutes?
What are some tips for improving leg flexibility?
What are the best workouts for men who are 50+?
Is it really necessary to wear rubber shoes even when you're just exercising at home?
I'm an out of shape 20 year old male with mild asthma and am a bit fat in the stomach - would I be accepted into basic physical training?
What are your best eye muscles stretching techniques?
What's the best workout routine for my off season?
What are the most effective circuit excercises (i.e. Push-ups, tricep-dips etc)?
Do I still have a chance of widening my hips?
What are some absorbing hobbies I can do at home? I have struggled my whole life with being bored at home. I read, exercise, and play backgammon.
How long does it take to see results from working out as a teen?
What do you do to stay in shape while on holiday?
Which is better for post-pregnancy tummy toning: Zumba, gym or yoga?
How do pros train their abs in the beginning of their career? Which exercises do they perform and how many days per week?
Do I need a gym membership in order to lose fat and gain muscle?
What is the best workout routine to build strength and mass?
What’s up everybody?
Do you lift weights primarily to get stronger? Or more muscular?
How do I do a plank properly?
What are the reasons to feel shortness of breath and sweating while excercising?
Is it okay to just do side jacknives for obliques? Because I heard somewhere that obliques work for twisting as well.
How can I exercise my focus?
What's the best way to gain upper body mass without gaining lower body mass?
Can I exercise while fasting in the month of Ramadan?
Is it necessary to reduce the number of bars in a column if its height is being reduced?
Why does my body hurt after I run with spikes?
What conditioning or other exercise can I do to improve my fitness in this arena?
Would I have stronger legs in only 1 month of gym to win the sprint competition? I've been working out a bit earlier. I really want the truth!
Should I jog and do workout (at the same time in the evening) or should I start with jogging in the morning and do workout or exercise in evening?
What is the best fitness method to get stronger over a span of 2 months?
Is it possible to grow my butt without lifting weights or doing squats?
Am I suppose to have my shoulders/arms completely relaxed when I walk or lift them slightly higher?
Will a woman and a man of the same size and level of strength remain physically equal if they train the exact same way?
How can I encourage people for yoga?
What should I do to get fit as a teenager and get skinny, strong and healthy?
Is there a good body weight exercise which complements push ups (i.e. Develops different muscle groups like biceps)?
I'm experiencing extreme muscle pain from both arms and shoulders, due to a dumb workout, that has lasted for 3 days, what should I do?
What body muscles and body parts should I stretch daily?
Currently I can run 6 km in 40 min. How long will it take for me to reduce the time to below 30 if I do this daily?
How do I get skinny without exercising?
When is it better to drink water in the morning, before exercising or afterward?
Why should I make time for exercise?
Is it possible to increase my max running distance by 1 mile over a duration of one week?
Is the boxing speed ball good for toning the upper body?
Can creatine benefit me if I run a mile every single day?
Is it possible to get skinny through cardio without building noticeable muscles? I want to loose weight but at the same time not build big muscles.
What is the best way to chisel my abs?
The only thing I’m good at is lifting weights. How can I get paid doing what I’m only good at?
What are some exercises I can do in the gym for my injured shoulder (my left shoulder hurts when I bring it across my body and down to the right)?
Can I swim in the morning and workout in the evening? Will swimming kill off my muscles? I love swimming and I want to workout too.
What are the best ways for people who work out to prevent muscle injuries?
Why don't most crossfit gyms preload their WODs into apps such as BTWB or Wodify?
How do I build muscle in 6 months?
What should I do first, running or exercise?
Why can't I do more than 20 push ups? Could it be that my back is too weak?
How is Nitrro Fitness?
Shouldn’t the Indian police maintain fitness standards even for regular service members since most lose track of fitness once they get selected?
How do I gain lean muscle mass without fat?
How many push-ups are you able to do on a daily basis?
How do I see DBT/JRF result?
What are the best 15 minutes workout to stay in shape?
Which is more beneficial for slim people badminton or brisk walking?
Can someone chart out a schedule for me to get back in shape and get a nice physique?
Can I get a full-body workout with a 45lb kettlebell?
What are the health benefits of doing pilates during pregnancy?
Do you ever struggle with staying committed to running? What's your biggest motivation?
How many exercises do I do for a compound workout day?
Is going to the gym good for the physique of a girl?
Does a full body workout with weights help with muscle hypertrophy?
Which exercise machines do you use at home for working out?
Why are my legs constantly aching until my next sleep even after a little bit of running?
Which it the best fitness center?
What are the best things to eat when one is gymming?
Can anyone help me with a skit idea on yoga day?
What are good games that function as great brain exercises?
I used to exercise with high reps and it made my muscles hard, why is it that working with lower reps keeps muscles soft (though stronger)?
How many months does it take for a complete body transformation if we do gym workouts for 2 hours a day, 6 days a week?
What is the best exercise for monster, massive shoulders? Which supplements are best?
What are the benefits of getting Yoga Certification?
What is the perfect weekly schedule to reach my highest cardio potential?
Will planking at random times help me get slightly leaner if I did it everyday?
What are some natural post-workout meals for after working out at the gym (gaining)?
How much volume work for each and every muscle?
How can I lose my fat in a week without going to the gym?
How many calories does constant and proper hula-hooping burn?
Doing weekend exercises is bad. If you don't build up protection against oxidative stress through regular exercise, you're likely to do your body harm. Is this true?
Is it normal for the front part of my calves to hurt from standing too long?
If you're a runner, do you seek out other runners to run with when you travel?
Why are squats more important than any other bodyweight exercises?
What would be a hypothetical daily workout for a Broadway lead?
Is there an exercise which can replace sit-ups? I've heard they have a high body DMG percent.
What is a Iyengar yoga class like?
What is the best way to improve myself (in running)?
I have to run 50m in 6:30 seconds. What are the best exercises/routine/tips to improve this?
How much should I workout each day as ateen?
I absolutely suck at running. I can hardly run one mile all the way through. What running program should I do to get better at running fast?
As a beginner (at home), if I don't increase the weight of a dumbell but keep adding reps and sets, will I still build good strength and muscle?
How can I get thicker thighs?
How would you intelligently work out 449*249 without a calculator?
I just wasted 45 minutes today (4/3/17). How can I make up this time?
How do I reduce chest fat?
What are the differences between exercises to build strength and exercises to build muscle?
Can anyone hold bicep dumbbells for 30 minutes without rest, given the dumbbells weigh 20kg (45lbs) each?
Can you suggest some home exercises to reduce weight?
What should I know before I go to the gym for muscle mass gaining?
If I don't sweat while riding my bicycle, does that mean I am not burning calories?
What are other best options than lifting weights to have a fit body?
What is a good home workout trying to get lean muscle? I don't have dumbells or weights at my house.
Does mental stamina build over time?
How do I become happy as a teenager and get good grades and get fit?
How would doing 10 push ups and sit-ups a day affect my body?
What are the basic and secondary functions of a home gym system?
Why it is always recommended to do cardio 4-5 times a week? Is it harmful to do 6-7 times/week?
Is going to the gym once every two days good?
What suggestions do you have for an all resistance training program (no cardio) that I can do 5 days a week that won't wear out any muscle group?
What is the most effective workout for a tummy muffin?
Which exercises are good for sex?
What is the best exercise for helping reduce dizziness?
Is 41 push ups in one minute good for a thirteen year old male?
Will I gain weight if I go to the gym only 2 times a week?
Can a 15 year old boy start lifting heavy things in the gym, or should he do some pushups?
What time should a student go to the gym?
Would you use a pre-workout sucking candy if you liked the ingredients?
How does a skinny guy get abs without getting even skinnier?
What daily exercises can I do (by myself) to gain the ability to get to the point immediately & not beat around the bush?
Does anyone lift weights in space?
Is it required to buy a treadmill of 20-30kg more than the user’s weight?
Which is better, eating with your full attention in 15 minutes or while working at a computer in 1 hour?
Is gym necessary for boys?
How does a big chest size help?
Is doing 300 burpees per day a good workout?
Is morning exercise good for slim guys?
How do I improve my excercise routine?
Why does walking always give me tightness in the lower back muscles?
What are the steps I have to take to get a skinny runners body?
What are the best exercises for a smoker?
Is it really possible for a man of 28 to become fit and esthetic after being obese for 15+ years by following strict excercise and diet regiments?
How do I increase my stamina/body strength? Is there a diet supplement for it?
What exercises should one do on the first day of gym?
Why do I have veiny abs?
What's a good way to loosen up a tight lower back?
I'm a 32 year old (very) skinny guy. Are there any meal and workout plans you would recommend to gain mass?
Which are the best exercises for overall growth of the body of a 15-year-old boy?
Is it okay to train twice per body part per week?
How can I increase my chest width and the weight of my body?
What’s the best fitness watch?
Are you sore from barbell squat training?
What has research shown about whether or not people can lose fat while building muscle?
How much time should I do cycling to get rid of my pouch-like tummy?
What would happen if you train a certain exercise with negatives only?
How can I consistently improve my lifting while building running mileage? (nutrition, sleep, recovery, lifting tips)
Can I do gym twice a day?
What are the effects of exercise on cardiac function, ECG and EMG and why?
How do I lose belly fat without exercise? I'm too lazy.
Why should I do breathing exercises?
Where can I get fitness accessories?
What will happen if I ignore my triceps workout?
How can you build excellent mental and physical endurance quickly?
What are some good exercise for teen boys for whole body?
What are some examples of muscular endurance in sports?
How do I find a balance between muscle gain and cardio workouts?
How do I eat a healthy diet and lose weight?
What happens to my body if I do my workout regularly but don't add calories to my diet?
Should I draw mind maps of exercise solving instead of plainly solving exercises to get better grades in physics and maths?
Is it true that Dwayne Johnson works out at 4am?
Does cardio take away muscle too?
What exercises can I do to keep me fit, if I have lower back pain due to a bulging disc?
What should I do to improve my arm strength for push up?
How do I get lean in 2 months if I am overweight?
Is it possible to get slimmer calves and a slimmer looking face?
What is the best way to reduce weight, working out at the gym or running?
Should reservations be lifted?
What are some agility exercises examples?
How often can forearms be strength trained?
What exercises will make you strong sexually after fifties?
How can I learn to do the Asian squat?
What are the pros and cons of stretching everyday?
Will I be able to tone my abdominal muscles in a month?
What are the best exercises for flat feet and fat calves?
Does regular diet and exercise help with anxiety and depression?
Does badminton count as a mild strength training exercise?
Are Zen monks encouraged to engage in physical exercise? If not, why?
How do I do a lower, upper and middle chest workout with push-ups?
What muscles do side lunges work out, and why?
How can astronauts run on the treadmill if there is no gravity?
What's so bad about Planet Fitness?
If I do at least 200 squats a day for 10 days, will I see any results in my butt?
Why do rowers train six days a week, twice a day?
If I do weight training 4 days a week but don't eat enough, will I be in danger of over training?
Should I use sweat belt to reduce my belly fat?
What is a good 7 minute stretch programme?
How many of you (mountain/road bikers) would be interested in a fitness course for improving overall endurance/peak power/flexibility?
Why does my squat improve more than my bench?
Which exercises in gym shouldn't be done by people who had suffered from VSD previously?
What are some easy ways for people with desk jobs to stay fit?
How many calories do I burn while playing piano vigorously on my 3-hour solo gigs?
What is the best way for a senior to strength train?
How do I develop biceps and triceps? I do lift (15+15) kg dumbbells but have not gotten any impressive results.
What is the most effective way to train for handstand push ups?
How do I improve my sprinting speed? I've tried jogging a lot, but I've really only increased my stamina.
What is more effective for weight loss - weight training or cardio?
Is it good or bad to exercise in the summer?
Why does it seem that every fitness and bodybuilding instructor advocates against cardio training, when in fact it’s one of the best exercises you can do?
Can I get bigger hips with weightlifting/training? How?
What are some of the best calisthenic exercises improve my sprint speed?
Why do women sweat less than men after the same physical exercise?
Are 3-kg dumbbells good for a beginner?
Is it a good idea to go for a run after drinking alcohol?
How can I lose the flab on my stomach?
How can I improve my fitness?
How do I transition from working out with a woman to seeing if she wants to experiment by going out on a date instead of just working out at the gym together?
Is it wise for a 42-year-old to lift weights every other day, skipping one day to rest and doing a leg day twice a week?
What are some advantages of developing breathing exercises?
How I can prepare for running?
What is the best fitness routine for teenagers?
What are the effects of not working out for 3 weeks?
Are ab exercises effective and safe for the back?
After how many days can you do gym after a kidney stone cure?
How are Frenkel exercises beneficial for an ataxia patient?
What happens if we eat rice after workouts? Is it good or bad?
Why is the breath rate higher as the longer distance you run?
How long does it take to see the effects of a healthy diet, and what are the effects that take place?
What are the best exercises to grow your legs?
What is the best workout exercise to get a toned body without going to the gym?
What is a valid excuse for wanting to switch out a swimming semester in HS with another activity for physical education?
Do you feel something in your knees when squatting?
Is it harmful to run daily?
How many times a week should I workout to grow a butt?
What do handstands exercise?
Can a member bring a partner to Anytime Fitness?
What is the best summer workout?
What is the best workout routine for an 18 year old to reduce fat?
Should I buy a magnetic resistance or brake resistance exercise bike?
How do I strengthen and increase my wrists (not the forearms)?
Which exercises can increase our height after 18 years old?
What would have been the male equivalent of women's workout gear and neon during 1990 to 1991?
Is it best to meditate before or after exercise in the morning (and why)?
I am 20 years old and very lean. I have a 20 kg gym kit. What exercises should I do with it to build muscles?
Is it more beneficial to do body weight exercises (e.g. press-ups) when you wake up or before you go to bed?
What will be impact on my body, if I do cycling and skipping rope for half an hour each?
Will lifting heavy weights or less weight help for chest-building?
How does a foodie, who hates to exercise, lose weight?
How do I lose weight if I love beer and hate dieting?
At what height from the ground should I place the pull up bar?
How does Prozac affect exercise performance?
Is my perception right that harsh prison sentences were pushed during the crack epidemic but in the current heroin problem they're pushing treatment?
Is it good to eat an apple and a banana after exercising or does it just add fats into my body?
How do I convert DhT into testrone again by exercise?
If someone does an hour of weight lifting, how many calories does that burn?
Is a 30 minute workout enough time to stimulate maximal gains in strength?
How can I increase my pull-up reps without using the "Greasing the Groove" method?
Which exercises will give you broad shoulders without going to a gym?
What is the optimal exercise regime and food for muscle mass gain for a 40 yr old male?
Do I have gynecomastia or is it just chest fat? I'm 18 years old, 6′1″, and 81kg.
What would happen to exercise ISO if AMT is repealed?
Is it possible to workout hard (and do relatively heavy lifting) at 80 years of age, without needing testosterone replacement therapy?
How much time should I do skipping to reduce tummy fat?
What are some good collarbone exercises?
Can you take an Ultracet tablet for body pains due to a heavy workout?
Can we do exercise after drinking soda?
What streches can I do before crossfit?
In America, why isn't rope-climbing a common exercise in P.E classes anymore?
What are some good exercises to get rid of thick hips?
About physical fitness, are you physically fit? Are there any athletic goals you want to achieve? What are your personal goals to stay healthy?
What time should a fit, strong and healthy 15 year old boy be getting at 1.5 miles?
Is it possible for a 40+ age fit man to 'start over' and build muscle and tone up?
Which is the best exercising machine to buy to reduce tummy fat?
Is it possible to build overall body muscles and reduce belly fat at the same time?
How can I gain muscle in my upper body as a competitive swimmer?
What is the best way to reduce weight, by jogging, cycling, or swimming?
After a long break from exercise, which protein supplement is good for recovery?
How can you get buff fast at home?
How do I breathe effectively during sports such as football?
What is the best abs workout for visible abs when you have 12% and below of fat?
Where would I get a personal coach for weight lifting in Chennai?
Why do some yoga masters have big bellies?
How do celebrities manage to work out during their travel?
Should I do cardio/HIIT for 1-2 months then weights?
Where can I get 1 minute and 5 minutes candlestick charts?
How do I get sponsored in the fitness industry?
What are wrong things in yoga, is it medically foolproof?
Is the strength gained from squatting everyday not permanent?
I’m 15, nearly 5'9 and 198 pounds. Should I intensively workout my whole body in a day, 3 times a week with 2 days of gap for resting and light calisthenics?
Why do we feel fatigued before going for a workout?
How can I reduce my waist by skipping?
What are the benefits of Yin Yoga?
What does a male in his twenties need nutritiously every day for his body?
How can someone be able to do cardio in a small space?
What are some good exercises to build strength without using weights and machines?
What is the difference between Ashtanga Yoga & Hatha Yoga? Which one is more beneficial?
How long does it take to lose weight, if I walk for 1 hour or 2 hours every evening and do crunches?
Without actually going out on a run, how can I tell if my body is physically in shape?
After how many days can eyes be cured by yoga?
How much do seniors workout on average?
I walked 2.7 miles to and 2l7 miles from in 1 hr. Is that fast?
How many sit-ups should I do to get abs quickly?
For building our muscles, should we repeat the same exercises for ages, or should we bring some variation to it? If so, how often should we change our exercises for a particular body part?
What is a good workout and diet plan for beginners?
Which exercises do we have to follow to make biceps or to tone arms without any gym equipment (for girls)?
Do women notice when guys start working out?
What are the Indian Army workouts every day? What kind of endurance workouts do they do daily? Can you give a full detail list of their workouts?
What can pilates do for your body?
Which exercise can I do when I am following a diet?
Are there specific ab exercises to form abs for women, or is it the same for both genders?
What will happen if I stop exercising for 7 days?
What are ways to strengthen relationships?
How can we use the Accenture gym in the morning or evening during working hours? Will our boss allow us to go?
What are the benefits of jumping rope for losing weight?
Which exercise is preferable for a 17-year-old beginner?
Should I always use eccentric slow movement in every single reps of my workout?
What do you do to keep yourself so energetic and do you practice yoga?
Why do we lose endurance first when we stop weight training?
What is aerobic endurance in football?
Can we take ProteinX without doing a workout?
How many laps do I have to run/walk around my house to equal 2 miles?
What's an all natural exercise to increase your size down below to build confidence?
Why can’t I deadlift my 1-rep max after a 4-rep warm-up set, but I can deadlift the 1-rep max on days when I do zero warm-up?
Is it important to wear a supporter while working out. I have been going to the gym for the last two years. Is it okay to not wear a supporter?
What is the best gym routine to build lean muscle?
How many times should I do eye yoga exercises?
What should be the diet for a pure vegetarian who doesn’t even eat eggs so that the person can have a body like this? Also, suggest some workout hours in the gym, if you please.
Has anyone done the exercises present after the tutorials on TensorFlow?
What is the best workout split on season for mass?
If one can do 50 push-ups in one go, what does it tell us about his/her physical state?
What's a definitive way to test whether I've injured my anterior deltoid or the clavicle-attached portion of my pectoralis major, without scans?
Can I do yoga for 3 days, plus 3 days of gym, and one day of sports?
What are some morning exercise routine for unfit beginners?
What are the exercises I should do for running 100m if I am aiming for the Olympics?
How many calories does strength training burn?
What is the best yoga burn program for women?
When getting sun exposure, should I do it 15 minutes without a break, or can I do it 10 minutes in the morning and 5 minutes in the afternoon?
Is it true that chest dips are better than the bench press for strength and power?
How do I lose arm fat without bulking up?
How can I work out to exercise my weak wrists and forearms to make them very strong ones?
What yoga poses should I avoid if I have SI joint pain?
Will weight training get rid of my hourglass figure?
Why does touching a sore muscle hurt and feel good at the same time?
Talent isn't enough these days. Why?
Is pushing the back of your head to the seat a good exercise for your neck?
What are the best outfits for workout for a female (it would be helpful with images)?
Is jogging in place a good exercise?
Which workout should we do in the gym for height?
What is squat and milk?
What body weight is enough to make you feel heavy against a push?
At what body weight can I safely run without risking injuring my knees?
How can I do 20 push-ups in 4 days? I currently do about 15.
Can I get lean thighs by walking 3 hours daily? I'm a girl.
What is the main disadvantage of circuit training?
What are some good progressions for archer pull-ups?
When does running stop hurting?
Is it okay to drink 1 scoop of Protein Powder weight gainer after a home workout?
Which exercises are best for the butt if I have hip dysplasia and bad knees?
What should I eat before a workout that will give me a lot of energy when I go for a workout at 5:00 am?
How do you get bigger ankles with exercise?
How can I decrease my body weight and fat and make muscle while doing workout at the gym? (Currently I am overweight and I am a pure vegetarian.)
How do you build muscle as a teen?
Why does the strength-to-weight ratio of Diecast parts increase with decreasing wall thickness?
What exercise should I do to lose post pregnancy weight?
What are the health benefits of going into a sauna post workout?
Is it bad if I do yoga with cardio for weight loss?
I am 29 yrs old, have belly fat. Now I want to loose this belly fat along with growing muscle & proper shape of body. Is it possible at this age?
What is the best exercise to increase the width of your abdominal cavity?
Is it alright to have a fling with someone you find attractive but works out in the same gym that you work in?
Can running reduce facial fat?
What should I eat before an insane workout?
I’m starting my workout and wonder how many days/weeks it will be until I can see muscle growth?
How do I get veiny abs?
Does general exercise help RSI write injury from coding?
How can I get a lean body at home (such as Finn Balor of WWE)?
How do you workout and eat during Ramadan?
What are the best strength exercises for women?
What are the benefits of attending fitness classes?
While doing exercise my shoulders (the area between my neck and arms) starts hurting and I cannot continue my exercise. How can I minimize this pain?
How do I get better at calisthenics?
How does exercise intensity affect your heart rate?
Why did I suddenly become a fitness freak?
Why can't I perform the same number of reps as before although I have 2 rest days in between the same workout?
How do I convert my excess belly fat into useful muscle?
Does a gym give strength?
How do I get rid of a receding chin?
Can I do both Surya Namaskar and walking, or only Surya Namaskar?
I lift weights but this is only a question to learn from. How does a person build their abs without lifting weights?
What are best chest waders?
How do I create the perfect workout plan for me if I'm a beginner and want to work out three times a week at the gym?
What are some examples of moderate exercises?
What eating plan should I follow in order to lose 5kg and tone my body? I go to gym daily and have already lost 15kg. I am 17 years old.
Is the lateral raise a push or a pull exercise?
Does working out make your shoulders broader?
Why do my forearms hurt when I hold heavy weights?
How many km/miles can I walk a day?
How do I lose 10kg in 2 weeks without a lot of exercise? I'm currently 76kg (female), with an athletic build, but my tummy is starting to pop out.
How do I increase my workout time? My muscles become so heavy after 40-45 minutes that I can’t even continue with some other muscle workouts?
How do I wake up early in the morning, in hot summers, to exercise and not feel lazy?
What's it like to walk or run 3100 miles?
Why I am not able to lose weight even after 2 years of doing continuous exercises?
What is the best exercise for a flat stomach?
Is it normal that my left side of the body (legs, shoulders, arms, chest) is bigger than my right even though I'm right handed?
I am not physically healthy. Will it be helpful for improving health if I take protein powder with regular free hand exercise at home?
How do I train for a 2 mile race?
How can I push myself to go to the gym every day?
We've all heard people say that walking is just as effective as running in terms of exercise. Is this true?
Where can you get a link for "The Shape of Voice"?
Why do people prefer to lay on the sofa vs. exercising while watching TV?
What time of day is the best time to do a workout, i.e., weight training, or does it not make any difference?
What would happen to the fat acceptance movement if a new drug which makes you lose weight without dieting and exercise was released?
Is calisthenics a possible aproach to health and strength for me as an obease middle-aged woman?
As a beginner in the gym, how should I work out? How can I stay motivated?
How often should I work a muscle group as a teenager?
Would yoga teachers find it beneficial to have a venue broker where the teacher gets 70% of the class revenues (2 times higher earnings versus a gym/studio)?
How many calories does a female Olympic gymnast burn in a day?
How are bandhas helpful in yoga therapy?
Where can I find out more about the workout app ginger that helps you find workout partners?
Why is it that when I miss one swim practice, I feel like I lost all my technique when I go back?
How can I be agile & fast only through some basic physical exercises?
A box suspended by a rope is pulled to one side by a horizontal force. The tension on the rope increases. Why is it so?
How do I fit 3 strength workouts for the entire body except the legs, a 60km jog/march and 1 swim in a week?
Does running significantly increase intelligence?
What can I do to gain body mass?
Can I build a good physique by going to the gym and eating a regular Indian diet like roti, lentils and whole milk products?
What are some effective exercises to reduce facial fat?
How do I add a reoccurring exercise on Fitbit?
How do I widen and lower my splits?
Why am I losing body weight but my shape is not changing?
Should I lift weights immediately after eating to gain muscle?
In what ways does exercise stimulate cardiac function?
Are there any boxing gyms in KL where a 14-year-old can train?
I’ve been eating healthy and exercising for over 2 months now. I don't see results yet. How long does it actually take? I actually feel kind of bloated.
Is it bad if I do only weight training and no other type of exercise for a whole year? Would doing both weight lifting and cross country be better?
What is the difference between a bulk body and a lean body?
I can run 3k in 17 mins, how to make it below 11 minutes and how long will it take if I run 4 days a week?
How can I implement a leg workout while having hemorrhoids on my family's genetic code?
Should I continue training my chest?
How far should I run to lose weight?
How do I keep energy after intense workout?
How long do I have to do these exercises until I have normal posture?
Running on tread mill is not good for knees but why sports persons get train on tread mill?
Which age is right for joining a gym?
Do push-ups shorten your arms?
How come guys at the gym can see through a woman’s workout clothes if she’s wearing a thong?
Will I still gain good weight and muscle if I'm in a calorie surplus, eat sweets and cakes but workout and exercise in the same day?
Has anyone grown taller at 16-years-old just by doing yoga?
Is a push-up/pull-up superset workout effective for muscle building?
How long do you have to exercise stock after leaving a company?
Which diet should I take to stay fit and increase stamina?
For a beginner, is it better to use your own body weight or lift weights?
How can I reduce my arms?
What's the steepest incline that a human can walk up?
What do the lines "sitting with the poison takes away the pain" mean in Coldplay's Up and Up song?
How important are core abdominal strength, leg muscle strength, and arm strength in relationship with one another?
For strengthening and long term health of tendons and ligaments, are low reps more effective or high reps?
The inward-facing parts of my calves become sore after running. How can I lessen this effect?
Tim Ernst: Regarding the anabolic window myth, do you need to avoid consuming protein for an hour after lifting weights, or after any exercise?
Can I build proper chest and shoulder without doing rod exercises and by only doing dumbell exercises?
If you have a hypertension problem and are on a prescription of high BP tabs, at what time you should take the tablet in the morning if you do cardio workouts?
Does a week of bad eating and no exercise give you noticeable belly fat?
If the human body fights against threats, why doesn't it realize that doing no physical activity is dangerous to its health and motivate a person to go to the gym?
Why is it very bad if your body lays down all day? Why is it important to bend or stretch?
Can I use daliya boiled with milk as a pre-workout meal?
Is swimming a good exercise to cure knock knees?
If an athlete were to reach his physical peak and then stop exercising regularly, how long (roughly) would it take for him to reach his peak again?
What are the requirements for an advanced yoga class?
Is the forearm a push or pull muscle?
Should peanuts be considered after or before a workout?
Should people do weightlifting even if they train in other sports?
What physical fitness workouts/exercises are beneficial to a guitarist?
Why do leg day? Why not add leg workouts to your daily strength routine?
Is it safe to exercise in the evening (7:00)?
How can I work on my pectorals with no bench, just dumbbells and a barbell?
Should I workout with heavy weights in the first set and light weights in the last set, or vice versa for optimum performance?
How can I go to a gym without losing my cheeks?
How do I get a great chest?
What is fitness? Can a person be called fit by looking at his physique or is it the probability of him experiencing fatigue at the time of action?
Why can't I pull ten chin-ups in a row even after a lot of training? What is the right technique for doing chin-ups?
Should I practice breathing exercises on a full stomach?
Should I do cardio while bulking?
How can a middle-aged woman exercise to keep fit and healthy?
Will my face look good if I lose fat and gain muscle?
How do I keep my strength but improve my endurance for running?
How do I protect my joints (especially my elbows and knees) if I lift weights 5 or 6 times a week?
How can I develop muscles without going to the gym or using any weights?
How do I maintain my muscle mass and strength with just calisthenics if I am unable to go to a gym for 2 weeks?
When you lose several pounds of fat by way of exercising, where do all those extra pounds go?
Is there anything I can do for shoulder injuries to get by without stopping I am 50 and been working out 4 days a week?
What workouts make your head look small?
What are some good hand-strengthening exercises for boxers?
Where does energy for a workout come from, burning fat or recently eaten food?
Is exercise good for hypothyroidism?
Is it normal to lose control of your body when stretching?
As a teenager, will I get any gains if I do a full-body workout thrice a week? I also play football.
What exercises can I do to strengthen my anus?
What does Akram Khan’s current workout and diet look like?
After doing yoga religiously and being vegetarian (eating very little oil) for a month, I've lost only 2kg. Should I be worried?
Does doing yoga alone could make a person slim and fit?
What's the best way to train for or row for 2 hours?
What will happen if I do 1,000 leg raises a day?
Is chest and back a good workout?
What does it mean when your muscles are sore the day after stretching?
What are the specific health effects of Pre-Workout?
Is it a good idea for a short thin guy to work out?
Which treadmill is good to purchase?
What is the best plan to lose 10kg weight in 40 days?
What is the best trampoline park of Mississauga?
What is the best exercise for back pain?
How do I build enough strength to do a push-up while my 120lb girlfriend is sitting on my back?
What is the best time to work out during Ramadan for rapid fat loss?
Whenever I exercise, I get really exhausted and tired. I had to stop many times in between 7-minute workouts to catch some breath. What's wrong with me?
Is working 1.5 hours on push/pull/leg program considering too long?
How long should I stay in gym?
If you had to sprint or run distance, which would you do?
Can we do gym in the early morning every day at AIT Pune in the first year?
In a strength-focused weight training program, what is the best way to incorporate cardio work into your weekly routine?
Should we do meditation before running, or after running, in the morning?
How long do I have to train to be able to do 1000 pushups?
How do I need to change my exercise routine to accommodate fasting?
Can high intensity exercise cause a stroke?
Is walking for 20 minutes a day with a controlled diet, but then lying on the couch for the rest of the day going to help me lose weight?
How many miles should I run a week?
How do I start to get fit after years of non-activity? What are the best routines?
How can you treat knee pain after squatting down?
Besides weight loss, what are the benefits of daily exercise?
In a month or two, can you get a decent six-pack of abdominals?
Do guys in the locker room at the gym talk comment about some of the ladies to each other?
How can I solve the main problems about having a fitness life?
How does the heart rate and systolic and diastolic pressure change post-exercise, and why?
If the miltary press is too hard on my rotator cuff due to arthritis, what other exercises could I do?
Is it all right to eat before exercising?
What are some of the best tricep exercises for mass?
What are some effective self-affirmation exercises?
Can I fit in some short sprints during my mileage build-up and base training phase, or would it peak me too early?
How can I get shredded at home in two days?
How many calories does 30 push-ups and 30 sit-ups burn?
What exercise should I do when I'm on a vacation and I can't do much exercise?
What are some people who beat aging with exercise and lifestyle?
What’s better for losing weight from the midsection, weight lifting or high intensity cardio?
How can I reduce my belly fat? I have a slipped disc.
Does it worth to make the switch from gym to calisthenics?
What are the best workouts to get big biceps?
Is it advisable to have a nap right after a heavy workout?
How many sets and reps of hand-grip exercises should a beginner do at home?
How can I get a CrossFit body?
What are the biggest motivators today’s parents have to get healthy & in shape?
How would you workout only using children's playground equipment?
What is the most appropriate exercise to lose weight if you have thyroid irritation?
Which cardio exercise can be done at home without any equipment?
If the unathletic male with a big belly loses weight due to stretching and exercises, will he be able to learn & practice parkour and martial arts?
What are the 3 best exercises for quick weight loss?
Which is the best exercise to lose weight for a male?
How can you lose 10 lbs in one day without exercising or starving yourself?
What are some examples of muscular endurance?
What types of exercises are suitable for a 65 year old person?
What are the benefits of continuous vs interval training?
What are some good body-weight exercises to get infantry-style fit?
What are some ways to do weight training that'll help me get ripped when I won't have access to a gym because I'll be traveling long term?
How long should it take to run 5 km?
Can Arnold, or other bodybuilders, be regarded as an epitome for overall fitness (not just strength, flexibility, and mobility)?
I almost have a full beard at 16. Do I have lots of testosterone, which is good for weightlifting?
What is the best exercise for the lower abs and the side abs?
What is the quickest way to burn 800 calories with exercise?
How good is hula hooping for your abs?
How can I build a stronger chest?
Is it cool to grunt and moan while lifting weights at the gym?
Is doing 50 knee press ups the same as doing 25 normal ones?
Will I lose muscle mass on a short cut?
How do I lose belly fat without going to the gym? It would be great if workout schedules along with diet plans could be shared.
Is doing exercise 4 days a week enough for muscle building?
How can I increase my body strength/stamina?
What is the good number of push-ups in daily life?
Even after exercising I am not able to reduce my belly fat. What should I do?
What are chin-ups good for?
How do women become muscular by working out without testosterone?
How important is it to eat after a workout?
How can I get a lean body at home without using any equipment?
How many days will it take to improve my running?
Can I build my body like an athlete with just body weight?
What factors are important in determining the length of time for breath holding when at rest during re-breathing and exercising?
Is Musli helpful for gym freaks?
I went to a real gym for the first time. What are these pieces of exercise equipment called, and how do I use them?
What's the best science-based book on the fundamentals of building muscle and working out?
I'm 15 and I want to lose thigh fat and gain upper body strength. What's a good workout plan for me?
How do seniors usually commute if they want to leave their homes, for example, to participate in a fitness program?
Why am I getting weaker day by day?
Are squats good for knees?
What foods are good for anaerobic exercise?
What is the best sequence of an abs workout, yoga, and pranayama? Can we do it all?
What cardio exercise make you sweat the most?
Is increasing reps/sets the same as increasing the weight? Which is better, increasing sets or reps, and by what amount? And how long before we increase them?
How long will I have to wait to work out with heavy weights after an abdominal surgery?
Where can I find a great step aerobics class in the East Bay (Oakland, Ca)?
What should I do to lose weight? Should I do cardio or go for weight lifting?
What are the advantages of negatives for chin-ups?
Can I do body weight exercises after intense weight training?
What are some good funk guitar exercises?
What are some good training exercises for deduction?
Which type of pushups are good for us?
What's your favorite pre workout?
Is it ok to do cardio exercise before the weight training?
If at the 'full expression' of a yoga pose the yogi is supposed to be relaxed, why do teachers' dialogs still invoke intensity and hype (push, push!)?
What are some exercises that an amateur actor can do to improve his acting?
What are the benefits of doing 15 minutes of cardio a day?
Why is exercising indoors better than exercising outdoors when there is high ozone concentration in the air?
What is the best exercise to make your neck broader?
Is it ok if all I do is work out at the gym and sleep it off? I'm extremely frustrated with everything.
What is the most time-efficient anaerobic workout?
What's a quick workout that I could do to bulk up my T-shirt with muscle, without dumbbells?
What makes you stronger when exercising like a drink or protein?
Which stationary exercise burns the most per hour?
What is the best outfit for ladies going to the gym in India, and where can we get it?
Which is your favorite workout wear?
What is a good beginner workout for strength and muscle built?
How can you get a 6 pack real quick?
What is the strength and risk in the building industry?
After a mild stroke, will my brain form new pathways to the affected leg if I continue to exercise and demand more movement?
Does that strong lift 5x5 program really work for people trying to get back in shape?
Is there any free workout and nutrition regimen website or app with feedback for getting fit?
If you apply pressure to a bone every day, will it eventually move in the direction you are pushing it?
It takes Kevin 5 minutes to jog once around a circular track that has a diameter of 400 meters. About how many meters per minute is Kevin jogging?
How can I exercise my Great Dane without having to take her for a walk?
I’ve been going to the gym for the last month to build muscles, and I mean big muscles. When will I start seeing a big improvement?
Can we practice​ yoga after 6 in the evening?
What diet and what exercise should a person with a BMI of 32.74 do?
Should I eat sprout before exercise?
What is the difference between using a treadmill at a higher incline (14) but lower speed (6) as compared to a lower incline and high speed?
Do I lose my muscle gains while doing a constant run for 15 mins and after that lifting weights?
How can I tighten face skin with exercise?
What are the major physiological changes in our body during exercise, and why do they occur?
Is one egg per day enough for muscle gain?
What is Sahaj Yoga?
How can I get fit, healthy, strong and skinny as a teenager?
What are great exercises for building muscle while losing body fat without using weights?
How can I use a 24 hour fitness one-day free pass if I'm 16 years old?
What 3 workouts can I do in my little apartment to stay in shape?
What is the best workout method in 2 months?
What will happen if I run for 15 minutes daily before lifting weight?
What is the best form of HIIT workout?
How long does it take to establish "muscle memory"?
How much body weight can I reduce by exercising on a sedentary bike with losing 150 calories per day?
How do I get abs and a better body in minimal time?
How many miles could I walk/run in a day with a 40lb backpack?
What are the best ways to advertise a fitness gym?
Is it good or bad to sleep after a morning workout?
Would a wider back, bigger shoulders, stretched out fully fingers increase your wingspan?
Does burning fat increase the need for water (substantially)?
What is better freehand exercises or weights?
My legs are extremely sore from working out and I cannot even move them. Can I pray while sitting on a chair?
What is a good weight bearing exercise for osteopenia?
Is it advisable to use music as a break after reading so that you can continue in 30 minutes time?
How long before I grow taller if I swim for 30 minutes a day?
How many days a week do I do sprints to burn fat? For how long do I do the sprints? I lift weights, and I'm 42 years old.
Is a single mile in 8 minutes for a 5'7" 44-year-old male with a 28 BMI and a stocky build a good time?
Is it possible to get a flat stomach by ignoring ab workouts?
Can calisthenics build rear delts?
Is regular jogging in 40s have any relation with joint cartilage wear out?
Can I lose weight by exercising, but not changing my diet?
What's a good fitness program for a 16 year old to build muscle?
How long will it takes for me to touch my toes with daily stretching?
How can I add bodyweight exercises on workout days?
When did you decide to use a lifting belt?
Can I gain muscle if I don't add calories to my diet, while doing an increasing workout routine?
Do humans defecate more after exercise?
How do I inspire my wife to exercise regularly?
What are some good ways to get stronger without going to the gym?
Can Zercher squats be a replacement for back squats?
How many workout studios are there in Chicago?
When does the exact transformation occur for gym beginners?
What are some low-impact workouts without equipment?
Who experiences an issue when working on math or chemistry problems where each question takes an incredibly long time to work out?
If you run 3 miles one day and then another 3 miles the next, would you burn the same number of calories as if you ran 6 miles in one day?
Does heavy lifting increase punching power?
What sort of physique would you like to have?
Does exercising push ups and muscle building exercises but not weight lifting will stunt my height growth?
What are the ways to promote group fitness classes?
How long does it usually takes to add another inch on muscles with weighted bodyweight exercises?
What muscles do jump squats work?
What are some examples of historic/ancient yoga exercises?
Is only working on my upper body at the gym harmful if I run and bike frequently?
Do any IPS officers do gym workouts regularly?
What asanas should I follow to lose weight through yoga?
How do exercise bikes help people lose weight?
How many days can we stay fit without drinking?
Why do we call Tse Mudra the exercise of three secrets?
Why am I getting fat? How do I stay fit and toned?
What is the best fitness center in Malviya Nagar?
How can I lose 10 pounds in 3 weeks without exercising?
Is it advisable to go to the gym during periods?
What is the best way to get a muscular body like a male model?
Has anyone tried doing yoga/stretching after getting high on cannabis? I've been experimenting with this for a few months and I find it is highly effective.
How much weight are people lifting for the free squat?
How do I burn body fat fast and gain (or maintain at least) muscle?
Is Krav Maga a strength or cardio workout?
is drinking a cold smoothie after a workout good or bad?
Which workout targets the most muscles in the body?
What are some effective excersises I can implement into my workout routine that will speed up my progress towards a one arm pull up?
Is there any way I can improve my mental stamina?
Is P90X3 more difficult than P90X, as one is of shorter duration?
Can I do exercises after dinner?
What is a good workout routine for getting cut, diet included?
How long after initiating a more strenuous exercise program might I enjoy increased energy levels w/o a need for additional sleep?
What is the shortest and most effective daily gym routine?
Are there any 15 or 30-minute tai chi or martial exercises one can do to increase mental and physical alertness in the morning?
How did Franco Columbu get such a wide chest when he was so short?
What should I do if I increase in weight but not in muscle?
Is it good if I run for 30 minutes, stop a little bit, then carry on running?
How can I be more fit?
Why do you feel like you can't breathe every time you exercise?
How good are fitness bands?
What are some examples of Frenkel exercises?
When you burn fat, where does it go?
Does Vivek Mittal recommend a full body workout?
How can a skinny 16-year-old guy start getting in shape with just a pair of dumbbells, a pull-up bar and a treadmill?
How can I get toned upper arms?
How do I get a wider chest at 16?
Is it okay to do both swimming and gym after 50?
Does jumping rope make jumping faster? What is the idea of jumping rope?
Why do I shake after weight training?
Where can I get online training (preferably free) for doing full body work out and gym exercises, including diet?
Can I workout my biceps and six pack ab exercises in a single day?
If you get to know that you just have 10 more minutes to live, how will you spend those 10 minutes?
Can we gain six-pack abs by doing bodyweight exercises?
How do I get my parents’ approval for lifting weights? I regularly squat 70–80 kg, just last week I was able to get 85 for 5.
What are the gym workouts for triceps?
How long should you fast if you're trying to lose the most weight possible in the shortest amount of time?
What are some short term effects of exercise on your muscles?
Which type of yoga can increase the capacity of the cerebrum?
Is working out 4 days a week enough?
How can I loose 7-8 kgs weight in 15 days?
Can exercise make your body look worse?
Being that high AST and ALT levels are the result of dying muscle tissue, could a recent, extremely high impact exercise routine be the cause of the elevation?
How do you lose fat quickly without losing lean muscle when you are at 12% body fat?
What's the difference between BodyPump and "Barbell Strength" at Lifetime Fitness?
How can I lift with an injured back?
What are some daily exercises that can improve my mathematical aptitude?
As a teenager, how much weight should I lift, and can I lift more than my body weight?
Will working out everyday make your muscles grow faster?
Should I continue ACL relaxation exercises even if I feel pain?
Which is a good two day strength workout program that complements bjj?
Why am I not able to do same number of pushups in second set as in first set?
How do rest days work when doing calisthenics?
Is it bad to have a competitive mindset when I work out?
How can a percussionist train their arms and upper-body strength?
Why do we feel headache after working out in summers?
How can I get significantly fitter and leaner in a month?
What are the best workouts to reduce belly fat and make me look slim with good abs?
How do I maintan a body built in gym with less gym time?
Will strengthening my toes and ankles increase my vertical jump and running speed?
As a 60-kg guy, how much push-up reps and squat reps do I have to do to burn 100 calories?
Is it advisable to work out your arms every alternate day?
Is there any standard workout routine for Ectomorphs?
What is the best way to increase muscle recovery time after a tough workout so you can continue exercising shortly after?
Are there any yoga classes in Udupi?
How many trams run in Poznań every day?
Could a person with low-level super strength exist (e.g., a mutation that would allow them to lift 1000 pounds)?
Why are there fake colors, dyes, and fillers in my pre-workout "health" supplement?
What should Men wear during workout in GYM?
How many calories does a 24 year old guy weighing 83 kgs burn daily if he walks everyday?
How can I improve my shoulder strength to improve throwing power?
How do I get wider hips without making my thighs and calves grow fat/muscular? If I stopped doing the excercizes, would my legs get back to normal?
Is it enough for me to do two weight training sessions and two swimming sessions a week? (I'm sixty years old.)
Why does ductility not degrade during grain boundary strengthening like in other strengthening methods?
Is yoga connected with building muscle and power?
What are the dos and don’ts for somebody who wants to start running to stay fit?
In terms of losing weight, is it better to go on a diet and not exercise as much, or to eat normally and create a strict fitness routine?
How often should one do street workout?
Which hand grippers should I buy?
What is the ultimate mental workout?
Is drinking Monster Energy safe after a workout?
As a 14-year-old female starting to go out on 20-minute runs and basic fitness exercises semi-daily, what changes should I be expecting or noticing?
How does one transition into eating two meals per day and exercising again without screwing up their metabolism?
Why does leg workout takes most strength?
What is the best exercise to lose 10 kg in 20 days?
How would you improve cardiovascular endurance?
Which kind of exercises are vital in getting maximum balance and agility for soccer?
Will I be okay with just heavy squats and deadlifts? I prefer dumbbell press. I do bodybuilding/bodyweight hybrid for the rest of my body.
How do I strengthen my abs without hurting my spine?
I was able to do 5 sets of 10 reps pull ups before resting a week, after a week I was only able to do 3 sets of 10 reps. What happened?
Will my dog get ripped if I make it workout?
Is it possible to develop a good body in 1 week?
What are some good pre-workout foods I can eat at work without looking ridiculous?
Is 4 times a week, 1 hour each time of martial art training too much for 1st graders?
What are the best exercises to gain muscle after knee meniscus surgery?
Why can't I lift my legs during planche?
Can you work out and become a tough guy without taking any supplements?
What exercise would you suggest for a woman to lose thigh fat?
I want to lose some weight and tone my body and I am a complete beginner at gym. What exercise routine and diet should I follow?
How can I maintain a flat stomach?
What is the position of the head when doing push-ups?
Is exercise good after swimming?
What's the difference between resting and exercise electromyograms?
Are stretching and strengthening good for teenagers?
What are the best techniques to work the muscle groups with free weights?
For muscle mass: how long to rest between sets and how long to rest before the next workout?
What's an easy way to burn calories?
What do you think of the Achievemint app?
Do our height increase after the age of 17 if we do regular exercise?
What are some good hand strengthening exercises for bar chords?
If your kidney function drops, say, 6o%, is it possible to go back up with agood diet and exercise?
Why am I not improving in my exercise?
How can anyone overcome plateau in muscle development and strength?
What happens if you do cardio on a calorie surplus?
Do you use more calories lifting a 100 lb weight 30 times or a 30 lb weight, 100 times?
What do you say to fat relatives who tell you you're crazy for losing weight?
How do I achieve defined pectoral muscles and chest?
Is there any 4 day (or less) work out plans for irregular (shifts fall on different days every week) work schedules?
What should I eat before running, to get energy?
How long does it take to cure varicocele through yoga?
What exercises should a 13 year old do to get abs? How long would it take approximately?
Does lifting weights feel better than sex?
Should I squat everyday if I want a bigger butt?
What is the best way to go from flabby legs to toned legs?
Why do your hands shake after lifting weights?
What are the best lifting exercises for working out the inner thigh?
I have 6 months to get as fit as possible, does anyone have any tips?
Which one is better, gym or jogging?
I work out twice a week. What can I do at home between sessions to increase my results?
What causes you to start working out?
Do three 10-minute workouts per day give the same health benefits as one 30-minute workout using treadmill?
Which parts of your body do squats benefit? How many sets of body-weight squats should I do if I want to increase my leg muscles?
Can I train in boxing or a street workout after my rotator cuff surgery? I will have to repair my other shoulder too, after recovering from this one. I am 21.
Why does doing exercise help you reduce stress?
Which would be better for getting sixpack, full body circuit or abs exercises with cardio?
What is step fitting?
I'm female and 50 yrs. I have bat wings at both hands. What exercise do I do?
What are the best videos that demonstrate proper squatting technique?
On my rest day, I had to do a lot of tiring work; I was really tired afterwards. Even on my workout day, I felt seriously tired. Should I exercise?
I dislocated my knee. What exercises can I do?
Why is daily revision of fuel price being exercised specifically in the cities of Puducherry, Vizag, Udaipur, Jamshedpur & Chandigarh to start with?
Why do guidelines for physical activity (like ODPHP) recommend only half as much for adults compared to children? Is there any medical evidence?
How long should an individual exercise their mind each day to keep from regressing in IQ?
What core exercises are important for runners running an average of 20 miles a week?
How can a skinny boy get a muscular, broad waist?
What happens to our bodies when we don't exercise for a long time? How can we overcome that?
What are some workouts that don't need a lot of breathing capacity?
Should I workout everyday and how long if I'm weak and skinny?
How do I manage with 2 days workout?
Can you give me a workout routine?
How much heat does a workout produce?
What do students in grade 7s need for their gym class?
What is the best series of physical exercises for strengthening at home when you have little time each day?
How can I tone my arm muscles? How can I increase my muscle mass in my arms?
What is a simple workout for an 11-year-old?
How do I reduce belly, side fat and man boobs naturally by exercising or yoga for an adult (age 23 years)?
Can both leg workouts and kickboxing go together? Will I lose my flexibility?
How do I improve mental stamina?
Can you build endurance without running?
What prevents you from running/cycling with your partner?
Alternately I do cardio and strength training. I also do 1 hour of yoga before my workout twice a week and 1 hour after my workout three times a week. Is it alright?
What are good companies to buy above-average-weight free weights from?
Have you observed anyone keeping his or her wristwatch 5, 10, or 15 minutes fast intentionally all the time in order to be on time for meetings?
What is the simplest, most effective bodyweight workout routine that I can do daily to get a Greek god figure?
Is it bad to always wipe your sweat while exercising?
Is it possible to build a good muscular body in 1 -2 months without going to the gym?
Should I stop gaming and start working out more?
What is the right order for warming up, working out, running, and stretching?
I finished my IMBA by the UIUC interview in 15 minutes with 4 questions in 30 minutes of allocated time. Is that good or bad sign?
How do I energise myself mentally without a rigorous exercise regime?
I want to get stronger and more muscular by doing push-ups, pull-ups, and sit-ups. How many reps and sets should I do everyday?
How can I reduce my weight by doing exercising at home without any workout machines, and what are exercises that I can do?
At the age of fifty-plus what type of exercise is useful for a male?
What is the best exercise to slim down thighs and glutes?
How should I stretch before a calisthenics workout?
At age 50, should a woman do yoga or go to the gym?
Are there any good programs to get fairly ripped in 6 weeks, while maintaining strength?
How do I strengthen loose and flexible back muscles?
Do upright rows work the entire shoulder?
Will there be any side effects if I sleep just after my morning exercise in the summer?
When would I see results from jogging twice a day and controlling my diet?
Which is the best gym in Indore for girls?
Does being tired after nine hours of sleep, following 30 minutes of exercise, indicate that one is unfit?
What are some examples of moderate and vigorous aerobic exercises?
If I go to the gym for 2 hours for 3 days a week for 3 months, can I become reasonably thin by late ausgust starting tomorrow?
Is it okay for a 12-year-old to work out with 1 kg weights?
How do I build muscle at 15 without loosing my abs?
How do I do certifications in yoga?
Is it ok to have red eyes after doing push-ups and other exercises?
How can I make my right shoulder lift up as far as the left while walking?
After a hysterectomy at the age of 50, when can exercise or yoga be started? How much of a time gap after surgery is required to start yoga?
I want to lose fat and gain muscle, should I set my macros to lose or gain weight?
What exercises are there to lose belly, hip, and thigh fat?
Do MBBS students go to the gym?
Will hanging on a pullup bar for 30 minutes make you insanely tall?
Can I do running along with my gym? I am doing gym in mornings and running at evening and I am a vegetarian.
Which pranayama and yoga poses are recommended for someone who has already quit smoking?
What are some things you don't like about commercial gyms?
What do I eat to build my abs? I already lift weights.
What is the best app to find people to go workout with?
What are some workout and dietary hacks to burn side fat fast and naturally?
Are a fast walk and a brisk walk the same thing?
Can I drink a lot of water just after a gym workout?
What exercises should I do?
What are the benefits and reasons for doing different types of Bicep Curl?
What five weight training exercises would you choose for a full body routine?
If I smoke before exercising, will I increase endurance?
Is it possible to gain muscles (mostly on the lower body) without weight lifting and by having a healthy diet?
Does exercise help you sleep better?
What is the minimum number of days a beginner (slightly unfit) must work out to gain little biceps?
What are the best weight workout routines for rowing?
What is the best workout to lose my belly fat and water retention? I already eat real food and fewer calories, and I do cardio and strength training.
How can I adjust my penis during Sarpasana, the snake posture, in Yoga?
Can men wear slim fitting jackets for interviews?
I have a skinny fat body. Can I develop muscles at the age of 34?
What can an overweight, out-of-shape, 30-year-old do to get and stay in better shape?
Will I still burn more number of calories if I take more time sprinting than jogging per km (due to higher rest time)?
Who can lift the most weight in DC?
Why does eating protein before a workout make you sweat more?
How do one start exercising after a C-section?
What is the best way to.promote at home yoga classes?
Is it possible to be obese yet remain healthy or physically fit?
How can I get bigger arms? They are still sticks after 4 years of training.
What is the recommended balanced diet (food plan) and exercises for someone in their 20s to stay active, healthy and loose fat naturally?
What is healthier, smoking marijuana and doing regular exercise (running and weight lifting) or not smoking paired with no exercise?
What does running with weights in each hand accomplish?
Does aerobic exercise help in migraine?
How long will I grow in a month if I swim for 30 minutes a day at the age of 16?
Can I make it in the fitness industry?
How do I increase my muscles on the sides of my glutes?
What is the importance of exercise and diet for addiction recovery?
What is the best practice to exercise?
What do I do if I can not do a push up correctly?
What happens when a slightly obese man decrease his daily food intake by about ⅓rd and does regular weight exercise?
Should I warm up before working out on a chest expander?
Why am I having aches and soreness when I work?
Why are my thighs so large?
What should I do when I have done my exercise in the evening after eating and now my chest is painful?
I have been hitting the gym for a while with no visible abs, how long did it take you to get them visible?
Would an exercise routine of squats and pull-ups for two hours a day, six days a week be enough for a 'fit' body?
Can you do push ups twice daily? I do 3 sets of 15 in the morning. I feel like I can do more.
If you start running in grade 11 and with no training start with a 18:30 5k, is there any hope for you?
What are the advantages of yoga in daily life?
If you do the same exercise every day does it burn fewer calories?
What is the difference between CrossFit and gym exercises?
How do I gain back my stamina after not running for a while?
How do I build muscle at 120lbs 5"7 and on a budget?
After a tibia open fracture, some part of my leg became numb due to a nerve injury. When will I gain sense back?
Are the deadlifts and squats helping to reduce weight and burn fat?
Is the age of 14 too young to be lifting weights?
Does crunches really work for building abs?
I am 15 years old and I've decided to start working out, question is, how should I start? And should I start by doing lots of repetition and sets?
Is alcohol good, when we practice regularly at the gym?
Is it possible to improve eye sight (myopia) by following any diet or any exercise. If yes, then how?
Why do I cramp as soon as I start running?
Did stretching, hanging, sprinting or any sort of exercise work for you to grow taller? If so, how?
Can a 42 year old man who made it to his goal by dropping 67 pounds, work on his abs and have abs?
Is it possible for me to run a sub 20 minute 5k?
What are people doing wrong in gym?
How should you run?
After how many days is it safe to start exercising again after suffering from a cold?
How do I burn fat and keep it off naturally?
Why do I get more tired from walking slowly than walking at a brisk pace?
What will happen if one does a lot of cardio and no weight training?
Why is the tongue fastest muscle we have?
How should I approach a gym buddy’s auntie?
Which kind of stretching exercise should I avoid if I have lower back pain?
What is a good gym to work out at (preferably with a pool) in Norrkoping, Sweden?
Where can I buy a stepper for calf raises?
What is the best diet and exercise program for a 300lb man like myself?
What's the fastest way to lose weight with visible difference if you don't go to the gym?
Is it okay to drink one litre of milk? I am 18 years old, and workout twice a day.
How many calories can we burn in six km walk?
What kind of food can I eat to build up my metabolism? What kind of exercises do I need to do to get rid of my belly?
Do men who work out a lot usually go out with women who work out a lot?
Which technique is best to gain muscle size, more reps with low weights or less reps with high weights?
Can you help me with a diet and exercise plan to lose 15kg in a healthy way?
Will playing badminton for 20 minutes everyday help reduce weight?
What are some good biceps workouts at the gym?
Is it true that low reps and more volume equals more strength and harder muscles?
Why do football players run on treadmills?
What builds more mass in weightlifting? More reps and less sets or less reps and more sets?
How can you prevent getting spasms in your thighs?
When should I start to exercise after my pregnancy?
Can HIIT burn fat faster than steady-state cardio?
How much do I have to eat to put on weight and build muscle?
What are the things one can do to be fit?
Should those who have heavy weight bodies do push ups?
Which muscle is the most powerful medial rotator of the arm?
How can I do the bear crawl exercise?
Does walking help build running stamina?
Can you do fat burning and muscle building simultaneously?
What fat burning exercises should I do, if I have early stage varicose veins?
How long would it take me, with average genetics, to reach a Jeff Said-like physique?
What kind of exercises would you recommend for a teenager who wants to start gaining muscle mass at home, without fancy equipment?
What is the supplement to lose weight fast?
Which is the best excercise: swimming or going to the gym?
What's a good workout routine for maximum health benefits with little risk of injury?
What are the best workouts to remove fats from upper inner thighs and aroud the hips?
Is it normal to yawn when you're at the gym working out?
Why do you need to be in a caloric surplus to build muscle?
What is the best exercise routine for Skinny guys?
I only have a bench for bench press, leg lifts on the bench and 56 pounds worth of weights. What workouts can I do?
Do you use exercise as a means of "escape?"
Where do you recommend getting cheap, pretty and comfy exercise / yoga attire in Singapore? Is JB worth travelling to for getting cheaper goods?
Are pushups a good pre-workout before weight lifting?
Can a fit 75-year-old man do regular jogging?
What should be my workout schedule for cricket?
Which is the best workout music ever?
Can I pass the practical of physical education if I am unable to run? Can I do sports of my choice, which does not include running?
Can you find and post pictures of people doing yoga with effective posture and those who need an adjustment?
Can I mix yoga or asana with physical exercise?
How many calories do burpees burn for a guy who weighs 90kg?
Can you build muscles without cardio?
If pushups on a carpet will limit your gains (I've been told), wouldn't doing them on a yoga mat or on grass have the same effect?
What is the best exercise to lose weight, jogging or brisk walking?
What gives you motivation for fitness?
How can I train myself (bulky) for long-distance running?
What is the best and easiest way to get in shape?
How do I reduce body fat and gain muscle? What are some foods and workouts to accomplish this?
Which is a better way to lose weight, exercise or detox tea?
How many calories does bending over backwards burn?
Is jumping on a trampoline good exercise?
Other than losing weight, how do you make yourself able to walk around for several hours consecutively without having sore legs?
Is it dangerous to exercise on a day you haven't consumed much salt?
What are some good exercises to perform on piano to help improve articulation?
How can I develop abs? I have lost most of my body fat, but my abs are just not big, so how can I grow them?
What are some training ideas I can do to condition my body for traditional karate or any training at all?
After five months of lifting, I'm defined but without mass. I've stopped running and I try to eat more. What's the best way for me to gain mass?
Which upper body workouts will make paddling easier while surfing?
Do you think that walking 5 miles a day is worth it for you?
Is running a 9:04 mile time good for someone that is equal to me in physical shape?
What can I eat before gym in the morning?
What gym exercises should a fast bowler do? Should it be light weight heavy reps or heavy weight light reps?
How do I make a career in fitness or bodybuilding?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of going to the gym before going to college?
How do I increase my body stamina, and what food should taken?
Is sports or exercise better?
Is it bad for someone who weight lifts not to have a calorie surplus?
How and why do the features in the ECG change post-exercise?
Could you suggest me a workout?
How hard is it (considering the effect of earth’s gravity) to do weight lifting in an elevator moving upwards?
Is it true that if someone replaces the time he needs to sleep with an equivalent time of exercising, he can function properly?
Is there an app where I can compete with others (not real time) to go up rankings for treadmill runs over 5km?
Which sport is good for full body tone and fitness football or athletics?
How can I improve my posture through exercise?
How often in a week should I hit the gym in order to get a bulky body?
How do I get motivated for exercise?
What makes Mammoth Hunters claim that they have 100,000 years of experience in fitness?
What is a great low impact exercise?
I am 14 years old and I have asthma, so it's hard to exercise without pushing myself too hard. How can I lose weight without hurting myself?
Should I do a workout with a fan or without a fan? Which way can I burn more calories?
How can I get back into the shape I was in 5 years ago? I'm 25 years old. How much time is it probably going to take?
What are benefits of having a good body?
What's the difference between burning calories and burning fat, and how does one achieve the latter?
Do we have any exercises to decrease the breast size?
What is more important in Yoga- Asanas or Pranayam?
What is the best strength training platform?
After working out, neither my biceps nor my chest muscles are sore, even though I use them when working out. Why?
I feel a lack of power during weight training. What should I do to gain sufficient power to lift heavy weights?
How much should I workout/run each day as a teen?
What is the strength of strength?
What should be the exercise routine for a thin, musical Indian 16-year-old guy with a tummy to have a healthy body in one month?
How much kg should be lifted in dumbbells by 15-16 year old boys?
How much should I run at first?
How does too much exercise accelerate aging?
How can I make my butt bigger? What should I eat to grow my butt, and what types of exercises should I do?
What is the best way to lose 12 pounds in 2 weeks?
What's the best way to brush up my Mandarin with 3-4 weeks in China?
Will doing squats develop calves?
If a female that's 5 feet tall can run at a speed of 21.3 miles per hour, how much faster would a male of that same height be capable of running?
Why do I always feel dizzy and nauseous while working out in the gym in the morning?
What do you think about my workout plan?
What kind of exercise do I need to follow to reduce belly fat? My height is 170 cm and I weigh 96 kg. What can I do to reduce fat?
What is the best time to work out to gain more?
What is a good workout for me, a 16 year old boy who doesn't work out?
Can limescale build up in the body?
What is it like to be in a workout video?
Are there any scientific books about exercise and dieting?
How long will it take to walk 3 miles?
Would it be better if I stopped doing workouts until the exams are over?
What else can I do to loosen up my calves?
Should I do a whole body workout, or hit each body part in different days?
Is it ok to run with sore muscles?
How could I create a balance between sleeping and exercising?
How can I tone down hereditary muscular calves?
Does cardio help you lift weights?
How can I lose weight again after gaining some due to lack of exercising and rough eating?
How can we be fit mentally and physically?
What is the best way to get bigger forearms and calves?
When you are working out what do you do to get over the hump?
How are athletes muscles so defined?
How do I get more chest muscle so that my upper sternum is less visible?
How many calories do I have to burn on a treadmill on daily basis to have a reasonable loss of weight?
How many calories do I burn when I swim one mile (it takes me one full hour to swim one mile). And how many calories do I burn when I walk 3 1/2 miles?
Is it difficult to reduce fat around your hips after the age of 65, especially in summer when it is too hot to walk? What can I do, other than going to gym or using a treadmill?
Can an entire body workout be performed by a pair of dumbbells only?
How do I build a strong mindset?
What are some arm workouts you can do without equipment?
Why do muscles ache the next morning after a sauna?
I’m trying to get back in shape, but when I lift, my bones feel like mush. This has never happened before. Can I work past that?
Has any one achieved great results by doing yoga daily?
How do I get a ripped body without going to the gym?
Why do my thighs hurt after doing squats?
What are your top 3 tips for the gym?
What if I stop doing gym? Would it affect my body shape?
How can I make leg day less boring?
What age is it safe to start working out with weights?
Can you get a lean physique by jumping rope? Does it build athleticism?
I am trying to get better at medicine ball overhead throws. Should I focus more on the muscles I need or just continue my full bodybuilding workout?
What is the best exercise video series for increasing stamina and general fitness?
When should I eat food after doing a workout?
Is it possible to build muscle on antipsychotics? Is it as efficient as normally?
How should I reduce weight without hitting the gym?
How can I lift and tone flabby arms with a workout? How long does it take? Is it really effective with excess skin?
The doctor says that Type 2 diabetes is a "walking deficiency syndrome" and not a real illness. What is your opinion?
Does Jocko Willink really workout 7 days a week every morning?
How many calories can you burn by making out, and why?
Which workout can I follow for strength?
How can I improve my stamina in cycling?
Is there any difference in the energy required or calories burnt while walking on a treadmill versus walking outdoors on firm ground?
Which exercise machine is good to reduce stomach size?
Can I get a good upper body by doing 100 push ups a day?
How long does it take before you can go to the gym after a scaphoid fracture?
Can I do light/moderate cardio while bulking?
What should I do at the end of my gym workout?
Are there any benefits to long distance walking?
What is the cycle of meditation, yoga, and exercise?
Which is better, sprints and exercises or yoga?
Why is running outside better than on a treadmill?
What are the best summer workouts that will make you look ripped?
Why do most body builders hit the gym at 4 AM?
What are some good exercises for strengthening your upper body in regards to swimming?
How do I get lean at 5"1' and 22 years old?
What is the best way to loosen up tight muscles?
What are the benefits of assisting an advanced yoga class?
What is an ideal workout schedule and time to lose fat and gain muscle?
How do I regain my flexibility?
Why do humans need to do exercise?
Can I workout with dumbbells after a meal?
Which is the good exercise for back pain?
Is sleeping good after exercise?
What are the best exercises to improve mobility of the shoulder joint? I get pain if I try to touch my right scapula with my left hand from behind.
Is going to the gym bad for your singing?
Is it possible to get a good chest and shoulder workout with only a bench press and dumb bells?
Can holding the down pushup position help gain muscle?
How long should I work out at the gym to lose weight?
How can I stop being lazy and get motivation to run and get fit and skinny?
When you take methadone for pain, can you exercise again?
Will weightlifting stunt height growth?
Can I increase my chest up to 10 inches?
Does weighing a lot mean that pull-ups are harder?
What advice should I follow in regard to diet and exercise when working out for strength but not bodybuilding for show?
What would happen if I missed a whole week of workout?
How do I complete 1,600 meters in 7 minutes?
Is 153 sit-ups a good record for a 13-year-old?
How do I prevent my nipple from chafing when I work out?
Is swimming a good exercise for strengthening my chest?
How do strapless bras work?
What exercise should I do if I go to the gym for 30 minutes every day and 6 days a week?
How can I start exercising after an accident?
Is group pilates class safe and effective in the gym?
What is the yoga diet?
Why do most beginner work out programs have an excessive emphasis on squatting?
Which ten-minute exercises can I do in my room in order to keep myself fit, even after having had a cesarean section?
Can I grow lean muscle mass at home?
How are some Indian wrestlers and Pahalwans in akhadas able to maintain muscular arms and shoulders while still having some visible belly fat?
What are the top 3 worst clientele for CrossFit boxes?
How do I run the 1200m?
What is elliptical good for?
I’m 15 and I want to increase my shoulder size by a few inches. What workouts should I do?
While doing dumbbell curls, should my arm be straight or bent? Should I engage my triceps while finishing a rep or keep my arm bent to keep the strain on it?
Will having sex 4 to 5 times a week stop me from gaining muscle mass even though I train right?
Once you've run an ultramarathon, does running shorter distances (5-10 miles) feel easy?
Why is walking in the woods beneficial for your health?
Can I build an aesthetic body without using weights and any equipment?
Which is the best method for fat loss and muscle building? Please see details.
Should I go to the gym today? It's rainy and cold, and I haven’t been there in a couple of weeks. I’m thinking of ordering pizza?
Will P90X3 help me to lose fat, or will it only build muscle?
Which bodyweight workout is suited for skinny men?
How do I gain fat and muscle in certain areas with exercise?
What is Angelina Jolie’s exercise routine?
Is work out + martial arts too much?
What is a “weightlifting exercise”?
How can I my keep my muscles stiff?
Is stretching and bending your back bad?
Does working out/weight training reduce double chins in men?
What is the ideal gym exercise for trekking preparation?
Is a morning walk good for your health?
Are 15-inch biceps good?
Can exercise make us taller?
How can I get stronger and bigger forearms?
What is a plan for HIIT exercise? I have been going to the gym for one year now and have hit a weight plateau. I am also following a diet plan.
What can Pilates do for you and your body?
What should I focus on in calisthenics being 6′7″?
What protein drink is best for men during and after a workout? Is it okay to drink one both during and after? I weigh 63.3kg.
What are the major difference between bodyweight exercise and free weight exercise?
Is it worth spending 30 thousand plus to lose weight at Shathayu Ayurveda?
How do I build an amazing body at home?
Which one is better: skipping or running?
How do I get a fit body and lose weight?
What workout top for guys was in during 1996?
Do you know anything about epigenetics and the food that Chinese people should avoid to avoid weight gain?
How do people know how many calories they burn a day?
What are some dynamic excersises that will help me train full planche?
How helpful is aerobics when combined with cardio and strength training?
Can you build a muscular body through yoga, since essentially you are lifting your entire body weight by doing yogic asanas and exercises?
How do I know how I should exercise in the gym?
Can my heart be sore after running?
Can I lengthen my neck with exercises?
Are HGH boosters worth it? I'm 17, 5′8″, and a skinny guy with a weak chin. Will it help me with any of those besides an increase in lean muscle mass?
How often do you Squat and Deadlift?
What's the difference between HICT, HIIT, HIRT, SMIT, HIVT, and VIIT?
How do I define my muscles and work on my speed and vertical at the same time?
Can most women achieve an "hour glass figure" with diet and exercise?
Why do strength calisthenics (10-15 reps per set) make me more sore than weight training?
Should a 60 year old join a gym?
Why do psychiatrists only spend 5 minutes with you? I feel like I need to switch my meds?
What exercises should I do in order to get a body like a K-pop idol (aside from dancing)?
What grade of iron is used in gym equipment?
What are the best medicines and exercises for a healthy brain?
What do you do when your pet does yoga?
What should be the diet for an office worker who gets to workout 2 days a week?
What bone strengthening exercises would you recommend for a sixty plus lady?
Why has yoga practice become popular recently? Why are there different methods of yoga?
Is it feasible to cycle cutting and bulking much more frequently?
Which are the best workout exercises for forearm?
Does Gold’s Gym provide food to their members?
Does working out in the gym fight depression?
Should I give blood after running for 4 miles?
What are some good physical exercises for sex?
Is mixing weight lifting and high intensity cardio while taking supplements sort of like hustling backwards?
How true is the fact that some people get fatter than before once they stop going to the gym or discontinue it?
Are there any good workout program that includes strength\fat loss workouts and cardio to help get me in shape for the military?
Is a 1 hour and 30 minute commute too much?
Can I start bodybuilding at 24? I am a 5'7," 50 kg, skinny Indian male. Can you share how to start if you’ve done it?
Which is better: diamond push ups or shoulder push ups?
Which freehand exercise should I do to gain muscle in the lower body i.e, thighs, calfs and butt?
What are examples of cardio intense activities?
Should I take a week off of weight training?
What is a good training plan to prepare for DIII Track & Field?
How does the weight of a body affect its motion if the body is moving on a horizontal plane?
How do I split a workout routine to 4 days weekly?
How do I remain fit and active, except by going to the gym?
Which is best, walking, jogging, swimming, cycling, skipping, running, going to the gym or doing yoga?
How do you calculate relative fitness?
How do I cancel a Weibo VIP membership without paying?
How can I go from not being physically active at all to being able to do specific exercises?
Will push ups and sit ups every night plus cardio 5 days a week will give me a toned body in 3 months?
How does it feel when you have sex with a flat-stomached woman with abs?
What are the 7 principles of resistance training?
Why do swimmers have such nice upper bodies?
At the age of 30, I am able to do 15 push-ups in one go. Am I weak?
Should you train rear delts on a pull day or push day?
What's another way to work on my abs other than abs workouts?
What is an effective workout regime for simultaneous fat loss and muscle building for a male?
What are the best yoga asanas and exercises without any stress on the belly and abdomen?
What are the benefits of lifting weights in your 20s? Will it have people staring at me in stores, like young women?
How can I keep doing exercise if I'm not eating well?
What's Brett Lee's workout?
Which exercises can be done if you are about to conceive?
How can we get young people to do more exercise?
What is the best form of exercise to improve HGH levels?
How many push-ups would a professional MMA fighter be able to do?
Should I start doing deadlifts?
How can I reduce my belly fat & love handles (I'm 129 lbs.) but also gain muscle simultaneously if I'm doing at at-home workout with dumbbells & body weights?
How can I get abs as a skinny teen at home without equipment?
Don't you think it's weird that women shape who they are to get a man, and men shape who they are to get a woman?
Which is the best fitness band under 1500?
What would you think to be the best training regimen with the available exercises?
Is there an important loss of efficiency in weightlifting if I do long intervals (20 min) between sets?
What makes my lower abdomen feel hard?
Could you actually get stronger by lifting a calf every day until it becomes a bull?
What workout can you recommend to strenghten my lower back?
What are the must do exercises for students?
What is the function of the muscles in one’s arm and legs?
What would happen if I had a cup of black coffee (without sugar) before running or jogging?
What level of heart rate is deemed to be intense exercise?
How can I make my thighs bigger?
How do I know I am jogging but not running?
Do planks burn fat?
Rowers: What is your secret to an effective warmup before the workout?
How many calories does an hour of high intensity cardio burn?
What are the best workouts (without equipment) for getting a big chest and arms and getting abs?
How do I eat during the Off-season (football/soccer) so I don't gain any fat but decent muscle mass whilst doing low intensity training? I'm an ecto-meso.
Is there a tendency for women to let themselves go after 20 (stop exercising and eating proportionally)?
I want to start Yoga at home. What type of routine can I do daily for stretching and as a workout?
Why do some people have small hips and big thighs?
Why is my butt muscle painful despite no workout?
What is the best cardio exercise for someone suffering from back pain?
Can I take coffee with water pre-workout? Any cons?
What are your motivational methods for exercising?
Which is the best exercise​ to increase​ speed?
What is a cycle of meditation, yoga and exercises?
Why should I do triceps dips?
What is regular FIT?
How can I stay motivated to exercise? I have good health and don't have any issues so I always talk myself out of it.
If I worked out 5 hours ago and wanted to have a few mixed drinks (likely 3-5 shots worth) would it significantly reduce my muscle growth?
Why does hard exercise makes me feel so alive?
How many miles do delivery guys walk in a day? How many stairs do they go up and down?
How does exercise help addiction?
Should I exercise with somewhat sore legs?
How do I get in better shape?
Why do women refuse to go to the gym by saying they don't want to look mannish?
Would a recumbent bike result in big calf muscles?
Why do my legs hurt after running?
What is the effect of heat loss during exercise?
As a beginner, how long will it take for my abs to recover?
Are there any exercises to remove fat on your hands? I have pretty chubby hands, so can I get some fat off?
What are some diet and exercise programs that will allow a skinny woman to get curves?
What should I take for energy before a workout?
How long does it take to lose a good amount of weight using the treadmill nearly every day?
How often do you get a runner’s high?
Is lifting weights enough to build my abs?
What is Orowan strengthening?
What food should I buy at a QuikTrip before an intense leg workout?
What is a good, short morning stretching routine that stretches most muscles?
What’s your favourite workout music?
How can you get skinny in 2 weeks?
What are the best exercises to build a thick lower back?
Why does it feel easier to lift a 10kg dumbbell/barbell than a 10kg cardboard box?
What is the name of exercise machine?
Is there any specific exercise to reduce cholesterol?
Does muscle growth ever plateau?
What do you have to believe in order to rarely miss workouts?
Do Indian girls go to the gym?
Why do we need to exercise if you want to get lean?
What are the 10 components of fitness?
Why is locking out the legs during a leg press bad for the knees, while it's required during squats and deadlifts?
What is a good fitness routine for a musician especially a guitarist?
How would you design a fat burning fitness program for someone new to exercise?
How can I plan to live past 100 and still be physically fit and feel young?
What are the pros and cons of ankle weights?
Why do I not see any change in abdominal fat after 1 month in the gym?
How can I improve my cardio performance and strength at the same time?
What is better for a (sprinting) athlete, pull ups or barbell rows?
What is the best way to lose weight with minimal grueling exercise?
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body. Is this true?
How can a person start exercising again after gaining a lot of weight and losing motivation?
How do I stop making a wheezing noise while working out?
How many KM does one have to run to lose weight?
Should I go to the gym at the age of 16 even if I play cricket too?
Is calisthenics more effective at cutting body fat than HIIT training?
How do you cut in the gym?
At the gym, the staff either forces me to take a personal trainer or won't instruct at all. I don't feel like going to the gym. How do I handle this?
Why do I shake so much when I lift weights?
Why does Quincy Larson always recommend audiobooks and when does he listen to them?
What are gym membership fees per month in Copenhagen for weightlifting?
What are resistance band crab walk?
What are the best exercises to work your lower abs?
How can I strengthen the muscles in my hand?
What is the best gym routine one can carry out at home to burn belly fat, considering you have minimal weights/equipment?
Can I rely on Heely shoes as a form of transportation?
Do I have to focus my workout on a particular part of the body to lose that part's fats quicker?
Why do we get a tingle in our ears when we sit on something that is vibrating but not while skipping or when performing jumping jacks?
How many push-ups can we do so that there will be no side effects?
How can I gain my body structure?
What kind of weightlifting is best for hurdling?
Is it possible to use OSIM uKimono to make your tummy 6 packs?
How do I gain stamina?
What are some aspects of fitness?
What are the benefits of performing moderate exercises?
How can I build my pecs and abs from home in two days?
Which yoga exercises help pancreas to secrete more insulin to the blood stream & at the same time reduce the amount of glucose by liver?
Could I lose fat with cycling (while growing up)?
How much would you recommend wearing a fitness band to the gym?
Is there any gym near CET, Bhubaneswar?
What exercises can I do so I can twist my upper body around and how long will it take?
What is a good functional movement replacement exercise for bench press?
Why do I sweat more than ladies half my age?
Is drinking on a regular basis (4-6 pegs) OK if you work out and do cardio 6 days a week (5 mile jog)?
Hi Everyone, tell me some work-out at home?
How do I combine a pure push-ups training with "normal" gym?
Is panting after a 100-m sprint good or bad for cholesterol?
How many days should I rest my leg?
I am seventeen years old fat girl, should I join the gym?
What are the results for doing yoga once a week?
Which is the best intra workout drink?
Where can I find good physics exercises to practise?
How many reps per set are necessary while lifting weights to build muscle?
After I eat lunch, what can I drink/eat as far as bodybuilding supplements to lower my hunger until post-workout?
What physical exercises did you do daily as a cadet or trainee at your academy?
Is going to the gym good?
Why do we get so stiff after exercising? I am 64 and can barely move after too much exercising.
How do I build a bubble butt?
How can I do yoga and lift weights in a single day's routine to make my body flexible and to make it look good?
Why do some people have plump thighs and some don't? What is the point of having fat thighs when you’re fit?
Is a 170 lb Bulgarian Split Squat good for a 135 lb male teenager (5 reps)?
How many pullups should I be able to do? Do these exercises help?
Why do you have numbness on your thumbs after working out?
Is it harmful to do exercises during muscle cramps?
Gym workouts is good or bad for slim boys which only have 55 kg weight?
Why is there only one set of deadlifts on starting strength?
Why do people walk to places instead of running?
What are some of the best yoga videos with links?
Is it bad that I masturbate twice a day?
What is the relationship between reps, strength and mass?
How effective would the One Punch Man workout be?
What kind of exercises would Vivek Mittal suggest to a 72kg teenage girl if she wants to lose 10kg within one month?
Can you suggest some motivational workout songs?
My knee hurts while running and lifting, am I doing damage? Would it be better to not workout at all or to push through the pain with low-impact?
Can you bulk up without getting more fat?
How do I become lean and fit when I’m out of shape?
What would be your reaction if you saw a skinny teenager doing a fingertip push-up with a soda machine strapped to their back?
What is the correct way to work out the result of 899½-998¾?
How can I increase the size of my eyes with exercise?
What is the best way to jog in the morning?
How does Logan build muscle? And shouldn't his bones start to deteriorate after losing the Adamantium implants?
What should I do first in a cycle of meditation, yoga and exercise?
Which workout will broaden my upper body frame?
How we can loose weight with little exercise?
Is training with a bin bag or sauna suit a good idea to control water weight when training for a fight?
Can spondylolisthesis be cured through yoga?
What are the most essential exercises a non-baseball player should focus on in order to start playing?
How should I keep myself fit and healthy?
Is it safe and healthy to do heavy weight squat for a person with flat feet and overpronation?
Why can't I seem to lose body fat, even though I exercise, am very active, and I am nursing two babies?
Should I feel the pump after working out my upper back?
At the age of 18, should I join a Zumba class or the gym to lose weight?
What if you didn't eat much but didn't exercise? Would you still lose as much weight as if you exercised and didn't eat much?
How do I feel comfortable breathing through my mouth when doing push-ups?
I'm having 5 small meals a day and I lift weights, but I'm not losing the bellyfat for my abs to be visible. I'm not fat. What am I doing wrong?
What exercises are the best if one has to lose abdominal muscles and a bulky belly after pregnancy?
How can I get a noticeable amount of more flexibility in one week?
What are the health care tips after 50 to keep ourselves fit all the time keeping away diseases?
How can I reduce my weight only taking herbal originals with light exercise?
Can anyone help me with a proper keto diet and workout plan?
Is it possible to dumbbell curls 300-400 lbs for 25 reps?
Is 100 pushups a day enough to stay healthy?
Is it ok to have sex 4 or 5 times a week as a body builder?
Can I lose weight with regular body building gym equipments?
What are some best music tracks for jogging?
Which home gym cycle should I buy, with a max budget of 10K?
Should I be concerned that my right thigh makes these loud cracking sounds everytime I do a squat?
How can I lose fat as quick as possible?
What are general mistakes while doing squats?
What kinds of foods should I eat at school before going to the gym?
What is the right exercise for a student for their brain, aerobics or bodybuilding? I can only give 30 minutes for a workout. Is it possible to gain mass?
How can I build a pulley to do standing cable crunches in my home?
What is a good kettle bell exercise to increase my chest size?
My iliotibial bands are constantly tender. What are some proven corrective exercises, stretches, and treatments?
What is the best exercise for creating "back space" while singing?
Is it possible to be fit and fat?
What feels better from a male perspective? Lifting weights or having sex?
At 23% body fat and 155 lbs, what is more important for me in gaining abs, cardio or ab workouts?
How can I manage to get fit and skinny as a 15yo?
Does bodybuilding and lifting heavy objects have a negative long term impact on joints and ligaments?
Why can't I increase my strength even though I go to the gym regularly?
How strong do I need to be to do push-ups?
Does the size of muscles increase temporarily just after a workout?
After a tiresome day, what is it that lifts up your spirit?
Which exercise can I do to reduce my thighs without losing my chubby cheeks?
Is walking 5 stories up equal to 2 km of walking?
Is nude yoga good for teens?
Is it okay to do a wholebody workout everyday?
What are some of the best exercises for a ligament tear on the left knee?
How do you do yoga on your own?
What is the best workout program balancing strength training, weight training, and aerobics for lean muscle and to stay fit?
Can anyone stay fit while sleeping for at least 4 hours, by doing exercises and meditation?
What benefits can I get for doing 3 sets of 5-7 exercises with 40 seconds of rest between sets 3–5 times a week?
What should be eaten just before workout?
I'm 15, should I do non intensive strength training and abdominal workouts 5 times a week?
Why is there excessive body pain after the first day at the gym? Is it common?
What are some good tips for a beginner who wants practice yoga?
How are jumping jacks good for you?
What are the preferred timings to do yoga?
How many squats should one do for quick results?
How should I approach women after group cardio gym sessions?
Would I lose muscle while juice fasting, even if I was working out with weights and cardio?
Will I lose fat if I jog in one spot for 30 minutes a day?
What should the diet plan be for a thin boy who just started at the gym?
Why does sex feel better than lifting heavy weights?
Why do we exercise?
How do I start to workout? I am 20 years old, weight is 75 kilos, height is 5'9″, and have 34″ waist, and I don't do any workouts right now.
What are the best exercises to get a very lean body during Ramadan?
Why should I stop eating 1 hour before exercising? When should the pre-workout meal be taken?
Is there an app to find an exercise partner in Kolkata?
Does lifting weights reduce your penis?
Can simple breathing exercises be practiced without guidance?
Can we do push-ups during a Bell's palsy episode?
Are you wasting money on pre-workout?
Can I change from gym to online gym in the middle of the school year?
Which is the best exercise cycle brand and model for someone with a height of 183 cm, a weight of 85 kg, and a budget maximum of 25k?
Everyone says that nothing happens in 1 month if you go to gym for 1 month. Is it true?
Can I prepare for a 1/2 marathon in 6 months without giving up cycling and weights in the gym?
What's the true procedure of vaasi yoga?
How much exercise must a heart patient do at age 70? What diet is recommended?
How jumping rope works muscles?
Can I do exercise in kidney pain?
How are training regimens determined?
Can I take a whey supplement fat burner and a BCAA in the same day?
As a 60-kg guy how many calories do I burn if I do 150 push-ups and 150 squats in 15 minutes?
Can I start bodybuilding at 40?
Do I need to lift heavy weights in order to get a body like these?
What are the pros and cons of working out all seven days?
What are some good basic exercises for a 14 year old to do inside?
If you could only have one fitness/exercise machine, would it be a rowing machine, cycling machine, or something else?
How should I kick start my running (fitness) after a long injury layoff?
Every time I squat or kneel down my knees begin to hurt, and it is very difficult for me to get up. Why?
How many miles a week should a 5k runner run?
What is the benefit of walking during pregnancy?
Are all those exercises to help your back just a scam?
Did you have a good friend who pointed out the flaws in your idea & helped you improve it? How did it all work out? How did you start?
When is the best time to workout if I'm intermittent fasting?
Can pushing too hard in a gym, costs you death?
What are some great strength training exercises that can be done anywhere?
What exercises should I do other than running while I am on the ground?
When can I workout again after an extreme burnout?
What are some great exercises to get curvy hips?
Workout routine: 30 minutes of light a workout every morning and 1 hour of a heavy workout on Mon., Wed., and Fri.? Does this work well for weight and muscle gain?
What do I do? I love fitness, music, writing and business, and I have good grades but hate coding, so I’m not able to do it well, but my goal is an ML startup?
What type of yoga is core power yoga?
Which exercises should an asthmatic patient do to lose weight?
If you wanted a personal trainer, would you pay an Exercise Science student?
Will short bursts of jump roping and sprinting increase my leg strength and endurance for MMA?
What are the best exercises to find peace of mind?
How can you stretch to improve range of motion and mobility VS stretching for regaining lost range of motion/mobility?
How do I get bigger hips naturally?
Why did you stop running?
I have lost my body symmetry due to wrong exercise, What should I do?
What will be the investment for gym?
How do I make sure I'm not slowly losing muscle mass because of over-exercise and a 2000-to-2500-calories-a-day diet?
What are the natural ways get fit for a working professions?
What are the best polymetric exercise to help you to run faster?
Is cardio a waste of time if I’m trying to get cut?
Is Endura mass good while doing calisthenics?
Does doing a minute plank daily increase core strength or just simply increase endurance later on?
How many push-ups are needed per day to get a 6-pack abs?
Are there any good gym exercises to improve sitting posture?
How many kms should I run to lose 7 kg per month?
What food can increase body strength?
What is the best steroid for building up the forearms?
How do I make my mouth significantly wider horizontally?
Why do I always feel like I have the flu for a few days after I work out?
Lets just say if I jogged a mile which I do everyday, will creatine build my body if I just run/jog a mile everyday?
Will losing weight and exercising make cellulite go away?
Should I stop gaming as a 15-year-old in order to get better grades and to get fit?
What does fitness mean to you and how do you want to achieve it?
I work out three times a week, running a mile then lifting weights. How should I be eating?
What are some of the best pilates poses for beginners?
Is it true that you train push-ups daily without resting?
How can I increase my stamina for running and the gym?
How can I calculate the calories that I have burned and make a diet plan like fitness coaches do?
Is jogging 4 times a week enough leg workout for someone who works the upper body 3 times a week?
How often should I do the HIIT workout per week?
How do young working people in Bangalore stay healthy despite huge office work load ?
Do construction workers/removalists stretch/warmup before heavy lifting?
Can I quit gym and start doing only cardio?
Why are handstands good?
Why do aged people go to the gym?
As a bodybuilder with a hunchback, what kinds of concerns should I have while lifting weights? What are the exercises I should/shouldn't be doing?
What are the most effective warm-up exercises for guitar?
Should I do cardio then weight lift, or vice versa?
How do I make my back thighs bigger?
What are the risks of performing aerial yoga at home?
As a body builder working towards achieving muscle mass, is it ok to have sex 4 to 5 times a week?
What is the best abs workout (within 2 weeks)?
What are some alternatives to running 7km a week?
Does walking work out the whole body?
Where can I find help with anaerobic exercises and G-training?
What are the best exercise machines in Planet Fitness?
What are people’s thoughts on the Athelean-Rx post-workout supplement?
Should I wear gloves when doing pull ups?
What exercises can I do when I am suffering from a slipped disc?
Will push-ups alone help in fat reduction?
What can I do to transform my body in 6 months?
Is abdominal breathing a type of yoga?
How can I maintain my physical fitness while I'm over 60?
If I am a boy, then how can I be fit?
Is lifting heaving weights at the age of 16 harmful? If yes, what studies prove this?
Can we increase bodyweight if we have nightfall?
How frequently should you squat?
How many weeks does it take for you to make your arms stronger and to lift more weights? Is there any particular exercise?
How do I do cardio excercise at home without any equipment?
How can I build solid deltoid muscles?
How can I ensure, as a personal trainer, that I'm offering my clients varied workouts so they keep coming back?
What is a single exercise that combines aerobic and anaerobic activity?
What are thw exercises to cure knock knees?
Does Smart Fit in Monterrey is a good gym?
How can I get people in the door to my new gym?
Which PSU has no physical fitness test?
Which is better, doing mat exercises or going to the gym?
What are some of the most effective bodyweight exercises to do while traveling?
Can you get a little cut up from doing push-ups/pull-ups with dumbells at home?
What is the best workout routine for a beginner focused on fitness?
What is your best Yoni Yoga experience?
Is doing 500 push-ups a day enough to stay healthy?
What is the best chest exercise for a nice, muscular chest?
What people suffering from arthritis can do to improve muscle strength other than weight lifting?
How come the gym is always busy in May and will it ever slow down?
Are fitness programs worth it?
Is it possible to burn fat and gain muscle mass at the same time?
How much self-control and caution should one exercise daily?
I have missed 8 days of my gym due to fever. Will I lose my gains?
Should I take Protein X after a workout?
Do pull-ups and ab workouts damage the growth height for a 15 year old boy?
Should we do cardio before weights? Or cardio after weight training?
Why do we swing our arms while walking?
Why are there 3 sets on Starting Strength?
What is the best exercise to do after dinner?
What's the difference between resting and exercise electrocardiograms?
Can we drink water 5 minutes before exercising?
How can I build a strong app?
Will a mix of weight lifting and HIIT cardio, while taking supplements, result in fat loss and muscle gain?
What exercises can an obese person do?
Is it possible to get in shape in 3 months?
Why does the Army continue to do sit-ups during PT. Don't they wreak your back?
What is a physical workout routine that a 14 year old NDA aspirant should follow?
Is 5-exercise 5-set 5-rep workout any good?
How can you prevent feeling dizzy when working out?
Is it good to do weight training before bed?
Is it really important to wear a hat in the sun while running?
Should peanuts be eaten before or after a workout?
How safe are fitness bands to wear all the time?
Its been 8 month since I stopped exercising. My body feels stiff, my hands and my rest of my body feels warm all the time. What can I do to get well?
What are the best yoga exercises for the brain?
As a person with little free time to experiment, what yoga poses should I do every day to ensure I'm healthy?
Is bike riding good exercise for losing weight?
Which exercises can you do when training chest, back or shoulders to isolate front delt?
How do I get a v-shaped body?
Is a gym better than running in a stadium?
Can you use muscle stimulation in place of actual exercise?
What do you do to keep fit when you are sitting all day in a office?
Under what situation should the weight of the lift be considered when a person is inside the lift?
How many times in a week should I train my chest in order for it to get bigger?
What is the best exercise for a 59-year-old person?
Why is it difficult for most people to exercise 20 minutes 3 times each week?
Which trainer is better: Jillian Michaels or Kayla Itsines?
If someone has unequal testis, then is he fit for an excise examiner post?
Should I consume Glucon-D after cardio, if I am trying to get rid of fat?
How do I use straps while doing a front barbell squat?
How much exercise is safe in the morning?
Should I start exercising as a college student?
Will bodybuilding make women's legs bulky? If not, then why do fitness pros (like Nikki B etc.) have big legs?
Are there better alternatives to stretching? Is yoga one?
Can running or skipping rope on hard surface impact growth?
How can I increase the reps for the one-arm chin up?
While doing kegel exercises, I used to get pain in my legs. Am I doing them right?
What is the fastest way to burn 700 calories?
What is the correct time to go jogging?
What are some of the weight loss exercises for osteogenesis imperfecta patients who cannot stand?
What is the best free hand workout for fat loss and building a bit of muscle?
How can I make my stomach flatter in a week?
What are the benefits of a treadmill compared to those of a StairMaster?
If you can lift yourself up, can you lift your own weight?
What's the importance of a preoperative breathing and coughing exercise?
I get nosebleeds 1-3 times per week. Should I see a doctor and what should I take to help it?
Why sweating occurs during exercise & fever even when the atmospheric temperature is below 0' C?
How many days does it take to lose 40kg of my body weight by going to the gym regularly? What food diet should be followed? How do you tackle the body pain?
What is the difference between pick and lift?
Being a JEE aspirant I have limited time. How should I keep myself fit provided that I have cervical and back pain?
How do I improve my timing and endurance in running?
How do you choose a jump rope for general exercising?
Which is the best Resistance bend exercise for men?
How good is it to bench every day?
How can I increase my chest​ size in only ten days?
Are there any exercises that help compensate for torn ACLs?
What are some advantages of exercises?
How did CrossFit generate its initial traction? How did it go from the original gym to the first 20 locations? What were the triggers?
Why don't I feel my pull-ups in my arms and back, but I feel them in my core the next day? (I'm training to failure for three sets.)
What should one eat if he wakes up at 6:30am, and has to be at the gym by 7am?
What exercises can I do at home to build muscle?
How should I maintain strength/muscle mass while leaning down?
How should one plan, including diet, to run a 1,600 meters in 6:30 minutes?
Which is the best exercise​?
Why is riding a stationary bike considered a good exercise?
What's a good exercise to reduce belly fat and obtain a toned stomach, besides the obvious crunches?
How much protein does the body require if you do a daily heavy workout?
Do video games really count as exercise?
Is running on treadmill enough to lose weight?
How do I maintain muscle mass, when I am out of town for 2-3 months and don't have gym or any other equipments, eating everyday at hotel?
I have to work for 15 hours a day and have no time for exercise. How do I reduce my belly size and weight?
How can I overcome knock knees?
What are some workout motivational images?
Will I burn less number of calories once I get used to a certain kind of exercise and my heart rate goes low?
Why is GoodLife Fitness so popular?
What’s the best arm and forearms routine?
Is it okay to do a twice a day × 7 days a week home work out?
I am very overweight and would like to start some exercise. What would be some good exercises to start with?
What will happen if a gym going guy takes weed?
What are the best, tried workouts for women during monthly cycle?
Should I workout everyday before school?
What should I avoid eating before intense cardio training to stop me from needing to poop?
What exercise can help increase my stamina when swimming?
Is 60 Surya Namaskar enough per day for physical activity?
What happens when we drink after a gym work out? Is it good or bad for us?
What workout split would be best for someone in the military that requires all around fitness, and incorporates at least 3 days of cardio?
What is the difference between a morning walk and going to the gym? Which one should be preferred, and why?
What's the quickest way to put on lean body mass?
How do film stars makeover their body in months?
What foods and exercises should I do to grow taller during late puberty?
How can I increase my strength?
How do I train for 8k run?
Which is better for burning calories, calisthenics or weight training?
If I run/jog a mile on a treadmill, would I get the same benefits and exercise as if I had run on a track?
Will yoga help me reduce my BP?
Can a beginner build up their muscles at home? Will it be effective?
How often should you workout for it to be good for your health?
I'm a 17 year old teenage girl. I just got a gym membership. What can I do to get more fit?
When barbell training alone, at home, absent a power rack, how does one continue to increase the weight one is lifting safely?
Is exercise bad for you?
How do I build muscle on my delts and make my shoulders wider and more muscular?
Why am I sore every single time I work out?
What modality of fitness training makes you the leanest? (Assuming you have a clean nutrition plan).
What is the effect of exercising in a polluted or low oxygen environment vs a low pollution and/or a high oxygen content?
How can I build up my arm strength for baseball?
What do you do to get in shape for summer?
Is it OK to have sex after a workout?
How can I build a six-pack without going to gym?
What might cause tremors after exercise?
Do you want to get physically fit? What will it take for you to get motivated?
Is a 21 out of 30 good on the Mensa workout good?
How much weight should I lift?
Are AirPods good to use while running?
Is there any gym or workout facility available at MITAOE Pune?
Can 100 push ups a day reduce chest fat?
Is jogging for two minutes then walking for eight and doing that for twenty minutes good?
I have a bad physique but I want to stay fit and not getting motivated towards it. What should I do?
How should I get back into being active? Should I jump right back into lifting and running or should I start with something easier?
What is the best exercise for girls to lose leg and thigh fat?
Do you hip drive on your way down in the high bar squat?
How do I get a feminine body at the gym without gaining too much muscle?
How do you acquire motivation/discipline in college, exercising, and work?
Why are supplements so necessary while we do intense workout?
Is working out with the same weight on all exercises bad?
What exercises can I do to improve my reflexes?
Which one jumps faster, a guy without a jump-rope or a guy with a jump-rope?
What is the best exercise to burn fat?
Should women do chest weight training at the gym?
What's a good sprinting workout plan?
How can I recover efficiently after workouts?
Will running every morning and push ups every night get me in shape in 3 months?
What’s the fastest you ever sprinted?
What kinds of nutrients does a muscle need to repair after a workout and to get bigger?
How can I strengthen ciliary muscle of the eye and delay its fatigue?
How expensive is it to open a bouldering gym versus a normal gym?
Why doesn’t arithmetic training improve performance?
Where should you start if you want to burn excess fat and do some toning up this summer? Is a cleanse recommended to start with, or are they purely a fad?
How far can a person go with body weight exercises?
How many reps should I do if I want to increase my muscle mass?
What workout plan should be followed if planning to have a baby without risking a miscarriage due to stress?
How do you defeat someone with the grip strength of 900 pounds?
What are the exercises to cure knock knees?
How can I rebuild and strengthen cartilage?
How do I manage my daily workout after late night studies?
Is there any advantage doing seated upper body exercises versus standing? Don't you use more muscles while standing, making it more of a compound exercise?
Should I study for maths by doing exercises or by studying examples and figuring out how to solve similiar exercises?
What are the health benefits of early morning exercises?
What shoulder exercises can I do to get big sculpted shoulders like NBA players?
Which one burns more calories- jogging on a treadmill (at steady pace) or high interval training?
Is it bad to exercise if you are a heavy smoker?
What are some good workout routines for a rowing machine?
How do you target more of your inner arm in a tricep extension?
Do push-ups help in increasing our body strength to be able to lift heavier weights?
Is doing thirty 1-minute sessions of exercise per day as beneficial as doing one 30-minute session per day?
How do weight bearing exercises actually help bones?
Is there any harm in doing strength and cardio exercise everyday?
How do I get stronger and better at fighting without having "gym muscles" or going to the gym?
Can exercise and walking harm our internal organs? What is the best exercise for belly fat?
Why do I have such small arms but lift a decent amount?
What is the best way to get fit after having Goodpasture Syndrome?
What should my exercise routine be like if I'm trying to gain weight?
What should I eat and what workout should I do to stop my ribs from showing?
I took a spin class this morning and my knee started hurting after about 5-10 minutes. What was I doing wrong?
After building muscle, can I maintain it by doing body weight exercises?
I want to build my body, but I can't be always eating. Is it worth it? Should I expect results?
Running is the best thing for me to keep my mood in check. It's my hobby. How can I improve muscle gain at gym and not cut my running?
Is it advisable to do 100 pushups immediately followed by bench press (20-25 reps with light weight)?
Does pre workout and in workout affect male fertility?
What happens to your body when you jog and go to the gym on a daily basis?
When should we drink a banana milkshake: after exercise or before exercise?
What should you do after running?
What kind of stretches are preferable in the morning, static or dynamic?
What are crunches and sit-ups good for?
How do I avoid being left out of gym basketball?
What's the best app for running? I'm doing interval training on hills and runs on greenbelts between mapped streets, and this confuses Strava.
If I do no other exercises besides squats, will my body look weird because I'll have a huge ass and no other muscles?
What is the best way to workout at home without using weights or going to the gym?
What is a simple yet rewarding and effective exercise routine that I can do in the morning?
How do you get swole?
Does stretching too much damage your muscles?
Why do people say sex is better than lifting weights? But, no, dude, I'm a 20-year-old virgin, and nobody can beat lifting weights.
What kind of bodybuilding regime and diet must I take if I have mild reflux and acidity problems?
My legs are too skinny compared to my upper body, so what are the best leg workouts to build heavy and thicker legs?
How do I strengthen my knees, to run everyday?
Should you stretch before you workout in a gym?
How bad does weightlifting or even calisthenics affect your drawing?
What happens if you run 1 mile everyday for a year?
What are some examples of aerobic and anaerobic exercises?
How do I sew an accordion stretch panel, does the elastic have to be pre-stretched?
Is it advisable to do 100 pushups in a row or can I do the same using 4 sets of 25 reps each?
Why does Christianity have an issue with yoga?
Is it true that bodyweight workouts gives more strength than weight training?
How can I increase my stamina for any workout?
I have APT, which makes my lower back tight and weak. Does this mean that I shouldn't add lower back exercises to my workout?
Why is it so difficult to sleep after practicing yoga?
What are the differences in calorie burning in walking and biking?
What are some names of aerobic, facultative anaerobic, and anaerobic fungi?
How should a diabetic work out? What should be the precautionary measures one should take?
How can I keep myself from getting chills after running?
Should I stop working out when preparing for exams?
Why should you stop lifting heavy weights?
How can I train myself to do knuckle push ups, considering I am already able to do many "regular" push ups?
What’s a good routine for a full workout at home?
How does running increase your fitness? How much time should I spend running every day?
Why can I lift 85% of my max with good form and speed but at 95% my form breaks down and I can barely get in a couple of reps?
How do I become muscular in one month?
How much running and physical fitness is done in the Russian conscript basic training? Is there a final test they must pass?
Which one is better for long-term heath benefits, doing yoga or going to the gym?
Can a 13-year-old boy perform push-ups? Are there any side effects?
Is it normal to not feel any soreness or pain after a quite intense strength training workout that left me sweating and breathing hard?
What is a recommended workout schedule for women to lose weight?
It has been three weeks since I started running, but still I have knee pain when I try to run. How can I cure this?
How do I go from running a 9 minute mile to a 6 minute mile?
Why do you hate to exercise?
I want to burn fat at the same time wish to gain size. What should I do?
Can a fat nose be converted into slim nose by some exercise? Please mention the exercise.
I am lifting weights for over 5 months and taking whey isolates, but do not seem any gain in my muscles. What am I doing wrong?
Why are yawns and stretches so satisfying? What's happening in the body?
What are some exercises I can do every day in the morning?
What is fitting?
What are the initial steps for doing pushups?
If you do not exercise, but eat healthy, how much protein should you eat?
What are some breathing exercises that increases the lung capacity?
Is it true that when you do squats you will have a big booty?
What kind of exercise should you do after a hysterectomy?
How can women get a lean and muscular physique?
Which sport is better to get a fit body, swimming or going to the gym?
What is a way to reduce the breadth of only the lower body, especially thighs, but not the upper body?
How many times should an adult masturbate in a week?
Is it possible to break someone’s hand with a handshake?
What books do you recommend for nutrition plans, workout routines, and getting a healthy, ripped body?
Does going to the gym affect one’s studies?
Will running help tone my abs?
What are the best exercises to get back to running after an ACL surgery?
Dynamic stretching, core workouts, sprinting, exercises, yoga—in which order should I do them?
Why don't depressed people just think positively, volunteer, and exercise?
How much excercise is considered excessive?
Is it concerning that my heart pounds when I exercise?
What are the benefits of walking lunges, and which muscles do you work out?
When can I lift weights after a back operation?
How do you motivate yourself to exercise when you're already happy with the way you look?
Is it possible to get back into shape with just brisk walking, a good diet and light bodyweight exercises?
Is it better to get a massage before or after a workout?
What are the most effective traps exercises?
How old do you have to be to work out?
How important is nutrition when lifting heavy weights?
Is it possible that, after going to the gym regularly, only the size of the tummy increases?
Is it better to first lose body fat and then build muscle or both at the same time?
What are the exercises that a skinny guy should do to gain muscle for his overall body in just 3 months?
Is it true that you cannot drop weight or inches beyond certain limit even if you exercise and diet continuously without cheating for 2-3 years?
How do you sway back and forth?
What is the fastest 3 mile jog by a 58 year old man?
Would one have any advantage by attaching (20-50kg) weights to the body, arms and legs and living with them 24/7, and releasing them just before sports matches?
How and when do I get back in my shape?
Why is most of the strength program only three days per week?
If you do 20 push ups every day for 3 months, how much fat would you lose in your chest area?
How can I make myself a faster runner?
Which exercises and other stuff do you recommend for making your booty grow? Can that happen?
Why doesn't the body want to exercise?
Can you have a full workout with only one exercise?
How do I stretch subscribers?
Is masturbation OK after 1 hour of working out in the gym?
What's the best way to gain weight and start lifting?
What is the proper form for pull-ups and push-ups in the Air Force?
What physical fitness level is required for wireless PSI?
What is it like to work as a fitness professional overseas? I am already familiar with the rub of what being a fitness professional in the US is like.
What can you say about the RP-US Balikatan exercises?
Can I get lean body muscles mass with 6 pack abs in 6 months?
Does being sore after exercise mean I'll get stronger?
Is it worth it for a man to do squats if he wants to lose weight from his hips?
How do I sort out my workout routine?
If served dessert before dinner at a formal event, do I eat it before or after the entree?
What is a good example of a low impact cardio for bad knees?
Can you suggest me a workout routine and a diet for a dancer?
What is the quickest possible way to gain muscle as a basketball player?
What is the damage to your body if you sweat profusely from exercise every day?
Should I go to the gym before joining the NDA?
How can a girl reduce the weight of her thighs?
How do I fix crooked/uneven abs?
Why is exercise so underrated?
Do colleges charge any money for gym facilities?
Does mowing a yard so big that it takes about 6 hours, plus weed eater work, burn calories? How many calories does it burn?
As a teenager, should I exercise, and will my height increase be affected?
How do I lose belly fat without exercise or diet change?
Is it possible to look normal with a receding chin?
What is the best exercise routine one can do at home, with few pieces of equipment, to get a bubble butt?
Why do we always use PMOS as a pull up and NMOS as a pull down?
What is a good diet to follow? I just joined the gym to make me fit.
Is going to the gym worth it or can I stay fit at home?
Should we do exercise everyday or should there be gaps in between?
Is the protein taken from meals throughout the day enough to sustain you for a night workout?
Do you consider having sex to be an exercise?
Can I recover the strength of my eyes by doing yoga?
When is the best time to exercise, morning or night?
Why do I feel sick after weight training?
Can I start yoga without the guidance of a master?
How do I start taking action and start losing weight? I keep planning but can never get started.
What is the relation between HGH and exercise?
How do I workout to improve my fencing?
Is there an outdoor workout area with a pullup/chinup bar in Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China?
How soon can you exercise after pericarditis?
What can I do to gain weight on my bottom and lose weight off my belly without exercise?
Is it possible to do more than 70 sit-ups in a minute?
What is the best way to take massive action?
Can we train forearms with arms?
What body-weight exercises should you do?
Are there any simple exercises to tone our body?
What will happen if I eat only salad for a week and do fasted cardio? Will I lose fat?
Which is better exercise, walking or biking to work? (It's 2 kilometers and flat surface all the way.)
Will heavy weight lifting beneficial for beginners?
What do you think about muscle (body) building and cognitive development (brain building), are these two mutually exclusive?
Can a skinny guy gain muscle with calisthenics with proper diet and recovery time?
Will doing squats (with no weights) improve my performance in soccer in any way?
Is it better to exercise in the morning or at night?
Will doing 40 jumping jacks, 30 crunches, 20 squats, and 10 pushups actually burn 100 calories?
Why should anyone go to the gym and torture his/her body to work on their muscles and abs?
What is the best HIIT workout that can be done at home to lose belly fat?
