Should I use Facebook as my personal diary and fully fill profile with personal data?
Are you friends with Tyler Garman Art on Facebook?
What are some good Facebook page and page post autolikers that give 200+ likes on a single click?
What are some ways to find people on Facebook?
Why would my ex boyfriend add me on Facebook?
How do I get Graph API Facebook post insights from last month?
How do you go from being connected on Messenger to saying ‘click here to invite’?
What are some great Facebook banner or cover photo templates?
Who approves Facebook ads: Bots or humans?
Does Balaji Viswanathan have a Facebook account?
Who has my girlfriend recently added on Facebook?
How do I get my mom's Facebook account unfrozen?
Does Facebook Password Sniper work?
Can I make a truly 'public' Facebook live (see details)?
Why are Muslims who bash Modi like anything on Facebook so quiet on Quora?
Are they going to start charging for the use of Facebook by Saturday, May 27th?
How do I disable likes and comments on Facebook cover photo?
What is an alternative to Facebook and Instagram?
Did Facebook abuse the word "friends"?
What is the adoption rate of Facebook in India?
Can you check your fb messages?
When a Facebook page I follow/like host or co-host an event, will I receive a notification?
In Swift, how can I match two users randomly who have logged onto my app through Facebook?
How do I get my email marketing subscribers to connect to my company's Facebook page legally?
Can one post nudes privately on Facebook?
Can ex-convicts in Australia have gun photos on Facebook?
Which is more complicated in terms of design, Facebook website or F22 Raptor?
What is the user doing in Facebook during active?
How can I retrieve my Facebook account from an old phone?
How do I tell if someone is new on Facebook?
Why am I getting "People you may know" friends suggetions on Facebook that are clearly in Arabic/Russian?
How can I use a mobile number to search for a Facebook ID?
How do you analyze the structure of "Is it us, or are news headlines about Facebook's impact on our health popping up more and more these days?"
Where can I find Facebook profile data?
How can you login without a code on Facebook?
What do you fear most about mind/thought reading technology?
Why can't my friends mention me in comments so I can have a notification? It just appears in black font, not blue with a link to my page.
How can I promote a Facebook page using the Facebook ads manager?
Why is it when I Unfollow a page on Facebook, but don't Unlike it, I still see its news on my newsfeed?
How is Mark Zuckerberg so good at learning?
Why does Facebook and other websites remember old passwords?
Which Facebook groups are the best for video marketing advice?
Who is the king of the internet, Google, Facebook or WordPress?
Can you trust the website emailsupport-Australia.com to provide assistance with Facebook etc.?
Is there a way I can rank people I am not friends with on Facebook by how many of my "good friends" they are friends with by using API?
What tools do you use in hacking Facebook account?
What is your most hated Facebook trend today?
Is it possible to attach Facebook album to a website?
Is it possible to increase fake likes for a Facebook post?
How are some AMP-enabled posts, or Facebook instant articles, showing my email in their subscription boxes?
Do people get promoted easily at Facebook? On average, how long does it take to move from one career level to the next?
Does the number of friends a person has on Facebook reveal anything?
What are the best scientific magazines, blogs or Facebook pages in German?
Can we restrict the voting rights of members in a Facebook group?
How can you trace a Facebook hack?
How can I find out if my boyfriend is having secret conversations on Messenger, using his login information?
What are some ways to unsync your contacts from Facebook on your Android?
Is every Google and Facebook employee extremely talented?
Why is Quora making me use my personal Facebook account. Why can't I use my business page?
How can I get an e-mail address of a Facebook account that is hidden in its basic info on Facebook?
How many views is a Facebook post likely to have per share?
Is there a football Facebook page or Android app that informs you of completed transfers?
How do I create a memorable event on Facebook and Twitter?
How can you drive traffic to an eBay or Amazon listing using Facebook?
Does Facebook really give money to these people?
How do I check Facebook login status in Android?
How can I know my opponents' advertising in Facebook?
How do I login to my other Facebook account without writing my password on my phone?
This message pops up on the screen "this person is not available right now". What does this mean? Am I blocked by my friend or I was temporary blocked?
How can I hack someone’s WhatsApp account?
How did memes bring changes to Facebook?
How do I un-archive a Facebook contact (conversation) to the inbox (desktop)?
Do narcissts see their friends as "friends" or as competitors?
Can I expect to get a job in companies like Google, Facebook, etc. if I take CS at Sikkim Manipal University?
Are the binary trade experts advertising on Facebook genuine? Do they trade on behalf of others or just go quiet after money is transferred to them?
Does it leave a poor impression to start a conversation with a coworker you like on Facebook than in person?
What is the easiest way to embed Facebook photos as a slideshow on my website?
Who should I follow on Facebook in 2017?
Can I access my WhatsApp via Facebook?
How can I permanently turn off Facebook's region based pages?
How do I show a certain page on Blogspot without a sidebar (for example, the privacy policy page)?
Why is the green dot after the phone icon on Messenger not shown for everyone?
Why did my ex look me up on Facebook when he has a girlfriend?
Is there any way to retrieve my old Facebook account password?
What is the process to live steam cricket match on a Facebook Page?
What will happen if you like every single post on your Facebook feed every single day?
How can I inbox somebody on Facebook Messenger?
How can I find out who posted a confession on Facebook?
How can I unlink an Instagram account that's not mine from Facebook?
I saw a girl on Facebook and instantly got attracted to her. But she doesn't know me at all. Should I send her a friend request?
What is RMIT like for a Master’s in laboratory medicine? The reviews on their Facebook page are very negative, and I would like to hear the views of their alumni.
How can hide my friend list on Facebook using an Android phone?
What would cause me to stop being able to see when someone is active on Facebook Messenger? Would they have to have blocked me?
How can I find out who's looking at my Facebook account that's not on my friend list?
How do I set a manual daily budget in Facebook Ad Manager?
How do I find out who my girlfriend is chatting with on Facebook?
How do I make a IFTTT recipe to post on FB business page, instead of a FB personal page?
How can I Download Video from Facebook to iPhone?
How can I find people (is there a search function) via Facebook or Instagram that are living in New York?
How many mobile application developers work on apps like Instagram, Telegram, Facebook, Airbnb, and WhatsApp?
What is the best Facebook ads type if there is no web page?
Is there any app on Android to change the voice on a Facebook messenger call?
How can someone make from Facebook?
How do 3rd party companies get your Facebook page or Instagram account verified with a blue tick in return for money?
What's the difference between hosting and co-hosting a Facebook event as a fan page?
Does Facebook log comment deletions?
How can I know my friends on Facebook who never like my posts? I don't want to unfriend those people who keep liking my posts.
What tool/script should I use to comment to all my sales posts on FB in order to bring them up?
Is Facebook going to charge in the future?
Will Tinder update my profile pictures without my knowledge?
How do you target fans of other fan pages in Facebook ads?
How can I be as good as Google or Facebook developers?
Can anyone make money on Facebook?
Are there any Indian stock market experts to follow on Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, or Quora?
How do we extract mobile numbers from our friends on Facebook with the help of an Android device?
How many days is Facebook disabled for?
Can we run multiple lead ads in Facebook?
How can someone get fast likes on Facebook?
What is the best strategy through Facebook for startups?
How can I bring back accidently spammed chats in Messenger?
What social activities are most likely to reduce your IQ?
How could someone bring Google or Facebook down? And I mean down for good, not only with hacks!
How much money do I have to spend on Facebook ads to get 1,000 views on my website?
Are there any websites which could drive web traffic from a Facebook page?
Why do people keep posting political rubbish on Facebook?
Does the admin of a Facebook page get to know that I invited people to like his page?
How we can promote webinar on Facebook?
How can you play Bubble Safari on Facebook?
How does the Facebook “Suggestion” part work? How do they suggest friends?
How do you prevent someone from accessing your email?
How can we generate more traffic from Facebook?
How much should I charge for designing a Facebook page?
What is the best way to target the public that is interested in an e-commerce site through Facebook ads?
Which social networks have the best comments under the comment model?
How do I verify celebrity Facebook accounts?
I deactivated my Facebook account 2 years ago or more. I remember the email address but totally forgot the password. Is there any way to restore it?
How do I curb my Facebook addiction?
What is the biggest free classified Facebook page in Bangladesh?
How will Facebook’s marketplace impact Craigslist and eBay's growth?
Would you like to delete your Facebook account before your death?
What’s the average usage of WhatsApp and Facebook?
Why do people not support your posts on Facebook?
How social media such as Facebook, path, Snapchat promote their platform at early stages?
How do I market to a specific segment of the population on Facebook?
Does anyone post little things (articles, comments and such) on certain people’s Facebook pages just to get a reaction?
Does Mark Zuckerberg waste time on Facebook?
If I bought one share of Facebook, would that share involve interest or are there different types of shares that can be invested in?
How can I delete my Messenger account created with my mobile phone?
Can others tag my name even though I deactivated my Facebook?
How does machine learning improve advertising in Facebook in terms of revenue, CTR and/or average dwell time?
Can I share a Facebook page event on LinkedIn?
How do I do link-building when I am doing business via Facebook?
How can I get a huge amount of website traffic from Facebook?
Can somebody read my Facebook messenger posts?
Will users be able to search their Activity Logs of their Facebook Timeline?
How do I find somebody’s Facebook username?
Why would someone make private their relationship status on FB? Especially when you can link to their partner that says married?
Can I get an app to hack a Facebook account?
How can I talk to someone from the Facebook office?
Is there an iPhone app that combines SMS, email, and Facebook messenger in one inbox?
What softwares & platform does Google and Facebook use to create marketing materials?
What is the most trending technology common in Google, Facebook, Microsoft, etc.?
Why doesn't Quora ban all Facebook users?
Apparently, Facebook can't stand the sight of Snapchat. Why aren't their (failing) cloning efforts frowned upon? It almost seems like Facebook is being saluted.
Why does my new account have a different "activity log" (likes) look from my old Instagram?
Why are some (maybe many) people 'not' using Facebook/Twitter? I’d like to understand their angle as well.
How can you tell if someone is on a call on Facebook Messenger?
Do you have to be Facebook friends with someone in order to Facebook message them?
Can I follow back links from Facebook and Google Plus?
What would you advise me to do, if I want to push aside Facebook?
Can I get do follow backlinks from Facebook and Google Plus?
How can I change the Facebook page info?
What would happen to all of the accounts of Facebook users in the current generation after, say, 60 years after all of us would have passed away?
What is Facebook Pixel, conversions and micro conversions?
How often does Facebook messenger archive messages?
Is the information about health given on Facebook through Facebook pages correct?
Why do people say Instagram is for close friends and Facebook is for everyone?
How do you design a Facebook banner?
Facebook’s rules say that if your account is disabled, you need permission to make a new account. Where do you go to ask?
Can I use a Nikon D5300 for a live feed on Facebook? If yes, what are the things I need to do in order to do so?
How do change username of Instagram in Facebook?
How common is it for people to fall in love with someone after reading their entire Facebook Timeline?
Is there an app I can use to delete one entire year of Facebook post, while keeping other years intact?
Why did Facebook take back the 'Thankful' flower emoticon?
Can you share your picture here? Do you use another social networking sites like Instagram, Facebook, etc?
Which is a better option to promote a home based business? A Facebook page or a blog?
How do I get on Facebook if it's blocked by the wifi?
What is another online tool to discover popular news/viral news, other than Facebook Signal? Signal only opens for US journalists.
Who did Tenisha Jackson chat with the most on Facebook?
How do I transition a viral content Facebook page to a business direction?
How can I automatically mass invite people who like my posts to like my Facebook page?
How can I display Facebook album on my website using different layouts? (Grid, Masonery, Slideshow etc)
Can I get my BSNL number back if I used that number 2 years ago? I urgently need that number to get back my email, Facebook, etc.
How do I transition a viral content media Facebook page to a business direction?
How do designers at Facebook feel about being asked to blatantly copy the UI and product mechanics of Snapchat?
What email address is Jules Bonnot’s Facebook account linked to?
Did you ever love someone so much that you end up getting blocked on Facebook \U0001f601?
What naming conventions does Facebook use for its database? Why?
Which one is very important in Facebook marketing: page likes or post engagement?
What are the monthly incomes of the owners of Facebook and Google?
Will deleting a comment on Facebook delete it everywhere or just on my device?
Wouldn't Facebook have strong advantages if they entered into competition against Uber, Thankeyou and Airbnb?
Facebook has used my ID to do verification in the past, how long does it keep a copy of that ID and how do I remove it?
Why is it in Facebook groups regular members and some new ones are able to join the conversation easily while some others are met with silence?
Why does Facebook specifically not allow you to untag yourself from other people's comments?
What are the benefits of Facebook Live for businesses?
How can I disable Facebook's appointment feature?
Are you using Facebook or any other apps or web contents in your native language and how matured is the language on internet?
What does increasing ad spend on a Facebook Ad Set actually do?
Can you trust Facebook's data?
What is the best free Facebook bot to boost engagement?
What are the latest Facebook video marketing techniques?
How do you send and recieve hidden messages on Facebook?
How can I close my Facebook account?
Is it possible to create a plugin for Facebook that automatically modifies the call-to-action button (e.g. Shop Now) on someone else’s Facebook page?
I cursed a girl I know out on Facebook Messenger. She didn't reply, but she didn't delete me or unfriend me. What does this mean?
How do I target FaceBook adverts to clothing brands?
How can I get a new “who liked” activity log (all in one/counted by numbers) on my old Instagram account?
How do I block Facebook and LinkedIn notifications in Gmail?
Why do I still get notifications from Facebook when I have deactivated my account?
Can you sue someone for invading your privacy? Like personal things, Facebook/phone messages, etc.?
Who is the most popular person on Facebook?
What would happen to their respective companies if Mark Zuckerberg and Satya Nadela interchanged their posts with enough knowledge of the products of the other company?
How many friends do you have on Facebook and how many of them are your close friends?
Are there any good sites that I can market my credit restoration business other then Facebook and Instagram?
How can I make people comment on my blog mainakiwiri.WordPress.com using their Facebook accounts?
How does Facebook know if the person is alive or dead? How is it sharing the memories message of a person if he's dead?
How do I find out the email address associated with a private message sent to me through Facebook?
How can I find my friend’s mobile number on Facebook without asking him?
She always responds to my WhatsApp messages, but not to my Facebook messages. She is always online on Facebook. Should I leave her?
How is it that a successful Facebook ad will run really well for a while and suddenly dive, producing hardly anything?
What do interns at Facebook wear?
Do Facebook users find Facebook less appealing since the removal of interest lists (adding pages to lists)?
Should I put my ''concepts'' of a UI/UX redesign for sites like Spotify, Facebook etc. in my portfolio?
How much can a person earn if he has more than 10,000 likes on his Facebook page?
How do I show no friends on my time page?
How can I advertised to married mums who are NOT in employment on Facebook?
What happened to the Norinder Mudi page on Facebook?
When on Facebook Messenger, what does it mean when you see “video chat” under one of your contact’s name?
What is a graceful way to delete my Facebook when others enjoy following my pages?
Can I use my Quora address on Facebook?
If I bought one share of Facebook and the company increased in value by 10% two years later, how much would my single share be worth?
Why is it that a man thinks it's ok to have photos and videos open on all sites and thinks he needs over a thousand friends on Facebook?
How can Quora be useful in JEE preparations with creating an extreme contrast to Facebook?
What are some of the Facebook tricks only coders can do?
How do you stay connected to real life and not get lost in living for the next social media post?
How can I contact Facebook’s/Twitter’s CEO?
What does 40m mean, when it’s next to a name on Facebook?
What if Facebook suddenly disappears?
How was Facebook made?
Who gets unfriended and blocked online and what do they block you and unfriend you for?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked me how I was doing?
Does a human validate LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter profiles of a Quoran, before giving verified badges?
What is the most customizable plugin for Facebook photos / albums in WordPress?
What are the best interests to use on Facebook ads for watches?
How can I fix a problem creating events on a Facebook business page?
How can I change my Facebook account to be my work account?
Is there any way to lock an application (say, WhatsApp or Facebook) on the iPhone 6?
How can I get auto likes on my Facebook page likes, like 500?
Why is Facebook not allowed to use in China?
How do I make the Facebook comment box display on Blogger mobile view?
Will companies like Facebook, Uber, Thankeyou and Airbnb survive in the market for the next 30 years?
How can I retrieve a deactivated account of an old friend who I want to get in touch with?
Does Facebook help to get into a relationship?
Is is possible to do affiliate marketing on Facebook directly without having any website or blog?
Can I have Facebook to send me my password to another email?
How do I find someone's Facebook account using a picture?
How do I make a social networking site like Facebook without sufficient knowledge of software?
How do I embed an entire Facebook album to my website?
Is it possible to get a notification when someone activates their account on Facebook?
What are some good Christmas Facebook statuses?
How can I reach someone in the Facebook Ads team? My ads don't work. The budgets are not being used, targeting variations are done, tickets are being raised, and nothing works.
Are there any survey tools that allow to grasp Facebook likes?
Can we read someone's Facebook messages?
How can I make a Facebook survey?
How do I write posts with attractive English on Facebook?
How eseential is Facebook for professional networking? (I plan to do my MBA this year, haven't really felt the need of getting on Facebook till now)
Why can't I get an email confirmation in order to change my email address on Facebook?
Is Quora's 'upvote' an equivalent to Facebook's 'like '?
Did anyone try to make an alternate version of Facebook or Quora?
What are some other chat sites like Facebook?
What is the software from which Facebook is programmed?
How does "trusted accounts" security on Facebook work?
Which algorithm or library did Facebook use to make their voice calling clear?
How can one trace a Facebook account even if the phone being used is offline?
Why do my friends and family get more likes on Facebook than me?
Is the "last used date," for apps on Facebook really accurate?
Why do some people replace “a” with “v” in Facebook posts and Messenger conversations ?
How can I find friends by DOB on Facebook?
Will I get in trouble for hacking myself on Facebook/Twitter/Quora?
How do I message verified people on Facebook and Twitter?
Is there a way to embed YouTube videos in Facebook that will autoplay?
Can “actual reach achieved” on Facebook Business Manager be more than the “potential reach”?
How do I target sons/daughters on Facebook?
How do Facebook page admins earn money?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked “How am I doing?” and I responded “Great.” with a smile. What's wrong with that?
Do you think running ads on Facebook to drive leads to my virtual hosting affiliate site is likely to work?
Why does Instagram know my Facebook friends even though the two accounts were never connected?
How can I report a bug to Facebook or Google or any website or app?
Why do we waste our time on social media?
What is the best way to market a Facebook shop and extend its reach?
How can we post Twitter posts on Facebook automatically?
How can I know my forgotten Facebook password without my email and my confirmation code number?
Why do people on Quora blame social networking sites like Facebook, WhatsApp, etc.?
What's the realest thing someone has ever said to you?
How do I get more visitors to my blog from social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.?
What is Quora really? I typed a question into Google only to find I had an account here; I am not kidding, my old Facebook profile picture and name were up.
What are the pros and cons of being a friend of your lover on Facebook?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a relation to Nate Zuckerberg, a deceased friend of mine, who was the developer of "Zuckerberg's Terminal" in Saddle Brook, NJ?
What is the diameter of a large graph (Facebook or Google graph) used for? What are the applications and some usage cases?
One girl “unfriended” me on Facebook and in turn it made me so disappointed that I blocked her. Was that the right thing to do?
What are the signs that your Facebook page is being blocked?
What year did you start using Facebook? I started in 2011.
Can I find friends in Facebook via their phone numbers?
Does Facebook try to limit the visibility of posts that contain complaints/grievances about Facebook?
How do you delete shared photos on Facebook Messenger?
Which is the best FB status for a selfie?
Is there any FB liker which works?
Say I run a fidget spinner dropship site. While advertising on Facebook, what should be my target audience?
Which is the best website to buy Facebook Likes cheap?
Are there any Malayalees working at Facebook?
What are the chances Google or Facebook would hire a foreigner?
Is it true that government can monitor our chats like WhatsApp and Facebook or SMS?
Its is safe to convert my personal Facebook account in to a business page?
How do I survive without using Facebook, Instagram, and/or WhatsApp?
How can I be successful with my Facebook art page without spending too much time and money?
What circle in Pinterest posts mean?
What is the minimum cost for Facebook ads in India?
What actually is Facebook's Flow? What does it help with?
Can I find out if anyone had unfollowed me on Facebook?
How long does Facebook take to close an account in case of inactivity?
How can I hide my likes and comments from friends' news feed?
Who is Wornies? Why am I seeing Wornies in almost every Facebook post?
Will Amazon/Google/Facebook ever be overtaken by similar companies or are they permanent superpowers?
Are you that one person who sends game requests on Facebook to everyone? Why?
In Facebook ads, can we target company names or company CEOs?
Can the police interrogate me over a post on Facebook about constitutional rights in America?
Is it hard to be hired by Facebook?
Could I scrape the profiles of my friends (in an Excel file) on Facebook? If so, how?
Instagram doesn't recognize that my Facebook business page exists. How do I fix this?
What will happen if I delete my Gmail account? Will it delete everything that I used my Gmail on like Facebook or sites that I put my Gmail in?
How do I write a farewell message for college, which I would like to post on Facebook? The message should not be too emotional and a little funny.
Is there an e-commerce platform that is a Facebook app?
Why did you "unfriend" all of your Facebook friends?
How can I share a Facebook post to Twitter?
Facebook Instant Articles Doesn't show Ads, can someone help?
On Facebook, does a friend's post suddenly appearing on your feed (when it usually doesn't) mean that they've been looking at your content?
How much time do Facebook take for account verification?
What's the weirdest thing you've seen on your Facebook feed?
What is better: to let guests know who are the other guests of a party or not letting them know that in advance?
What if Facebook and Google never existed?
I saw a girl on Facebook and was intrigued by her. I sent a friend request and also messaged her, saying she looks great. Is this how to approach people on Facebook?
How can I turn all my Facebook requests into followers?
Why did you change your profile picture?
How do I shut a hacker, who manages to get back in even with repeated password changes and increased security, out of my Facebook account?
Is it a crime to look at someone's Facebook and Instagram PG?
How do I add to the Book section at the left side of my Facebook profile page?
What is India doing for Syrian refugees other than tweeting and sharing Facebook posts?
My mum constantly posts photos of me on Facebook, how can I get her to stop? I'm sixteen and I've tried telling her to stop but she won't.
What are some media marketing prices for various social media sites like Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Pinterest, etc.?
What is Google really scared of, other than Facebook ads?
What are some websites like Facebook that gives users an option to upload their government id?
My custom show\hide button defaults to show on page refresh, how do I stop that?
How bad is Facebook addiction?
Is there a way to permanently delete the Messenger app and message through Facebook only?
How do I verify my entertainment website Facebook page?
How do you access secret Facebook groups?
Is there a way to prevent someone from following a Facebook Page without also liking it?
How does Facebook generate the "friends who will miss you" shown in the account deactivation process?
Is Facebook using lambda architecture?
Why do people always appear online on Facebook?
Is posting and sharing political stuff on Facebook bad?
Is it okay to copy an article from Quora to Facebook?
Does Facebook have a program to support startups building products in its ecosystem?
Why does it show that someone is active on Facebook Messenger when I'm not even Facebook friends with them?
Is it possible to run a JavaScript code snippet on my Facebook profile to check if someone's snooping?
Why in some Android (M) devices, while video calling on Messenger, isn’t the option of face filters applied through the (* type icon)?
Is Facebook just a socially-accepted platform for people to brag?
How do I respond to the question “Do I know you?” on Facebook?
Is there a way to fast processing the Facebook friends list?
Do you find it odd that Facebook, YouTube, and Twitter ban users for no reason but they won't ban accounts of Islamic extremists?
How can I verify my Facebook account without Gmail or phone number?
How many people post their shopping queries on Facebook?
When making a new account after my Facebook account was disabled I am logged out and asked for a selfie. Has anyone else experienced this?
Can I invite followers on my personal Facebook account to like my business page?
How I can re-add a contact on Facebook Messenger after removing them?
How can I know the exact location of a person who sent a message from the general Facebook website using mobile?
Am I able to merge two of my Facebook pages even if my account is temporarily blocked?
Can brand pages publish branded content on Facebook?
How does Chatfuel do to create a Facebook developer App for their users?
Is Daniel Radcliffe on Facebook?
Will Snapchat sustain with competition from Facebook?
Do people still use Facebook (May 2017)?
Why do we Indians always talk about love, like love story movies, in WhatsApp and Facebook statuses?
Did your life change after deleting Facebook and WhatsApp?
Are there students who used to waste their time on Facebook and then stopped?
How do I look at my boyfriend’s messages on Messenger discreetly?
Would Facebook allow a PM to work from home 1-2 days a week?
How do I find all the Facebook groups in my city?
How do the top 6 friends on your Facebook profile work?
What is an appropriate line for a best friend who can’t be a Facebook friend?
How can I use Graph API to get Facebook profile data using Python, R, Flume, and Spark?
How can I find people who have English content and they need a French translation, using Facebook groups?
How can I get more relevant and active followers for my Facebook page?
How can I make 2 Instagram accounts with one Facebook account?
There are so many ads on Facebook. How can I get them all to stop harassing my life?
Are there any websites where you can find some nice Facebook contest materials and ideas?
How can I find pending posts on Facebook?
How do I login into Instagram if there is some suspicious activity on your account, you forgot your recovery email password, and Facebook doesn't work?
How do I create a catchy page for selling jewellery via FaceBook?
How can I turn my friend requests on Facebook into followers?
What type of copyright issues can I expect if I’m creating a TV series page on Facebook?
Is it mandatory to have an FB account for a Quora user provided I do not have accounts in Facebook or Twitter?Is it stupid of me for not having so?
How can I get Facebook to send me a new password for my ten-minute mail?
How do you see your friend's location on Messenger with the red dot?
How do you earn money from Facebook videos?
What is the meaning of “hmm” in messenger?
How do I find friends on Facebook by interest?
How can I get a blue tick on my Facebook profile?
How do I go from ‘connected on FB Messenger’ to ‘click here to invite’?
Someone is sharing pictures of my friend with a fake Facebook ID. How can we report it to Facebook and how can we trace that person?
What would happen if nobody used Facebook anymore and switched over to another social media site?
Have you liked a picture on Facebook/Instagram just for the sake of liking it?
Should we block people on Facebook whom we don't agree with? Under what circumstances should we block and under which should we not?
“I see the world in terms of what I would like to see happen, not what actually does.” page number in book?
Why is it that I can talk on my phone about something, and within a couple of days, see some ads for it sent to me on Facebook?
What are the DevOps jobs available in companies like Google, Facebook, etc.?
How can I get authentication from another Facebook user to access his/her profile details through Graph API?
How can I find out who's looking at my Facebook profile that's not on my friend?
What is the best social media platform to gauge public sentiment: Twitter, Facebook, or Quora?
Will Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, etc. still be around in 50 years?
If someone shares a post of mine on Facebook, should I give a like to that share?
How can I like many people on Facebook automatically?
Why does wowcrush.com not open in a tab, but it works while entering it in the comment box in Facebook?
Is there any tool to monitor relation status changes on Facebook?
In the U.S., is it criminal to create a fake Facebook account and obtain nudes?
How can I monetize a Facebook group with more than 340K members?
If you delete a message on Facebook, will it still be seen on Messenger?
Do you feel that Facebook causes issues with cell phones not working properly?
Which is the best Facebook group on startup hiring?
What can be a solution to the fake accounts on Facebook?
What kind of sponsored ads show up on your Facebook feed? Do they interest you or annoy you?
What will be the impact if Quora had emotions like Facebook/WhatsApp instead of upvotes (with features such as like, wow, smile, etc)?
How do I have a Facebook account that is free from political posts?
Is it true that you can request a copy of the file the FBI has on you by sending them a letter?
How visible are Facebook posts set to "friends only"? Can employers find them?
Where can I find Facebook coupons (50$) for cheap prices?
Can Facebook send me another password through my Gmail account?
What is the best text message you have ever sent/received?
On Facebook, how similar do page names have to be to merge pages?
How do I tag friends on Facebook on Android?
How can I find out if one of my friend on friend list has more than one number?
Is there a Facebook plugin to display an entire album in Lightbox?
How do I control who can see comments made on my Facebook posts?
How can I create a credential to go next to my profile name on my profile page?
What can I do to block a person and their posts on my business page?
Where can I find the Facebook page verification form?
How do I prevent Facebook from blocking my Facebook account?
How can I directly put my photo from Facebook on Instagram?
If you just launched Facebook events 2.0, what metrics would you collect and how would you know if the launch was a success?
What Social media sites to use instead of Facebook for daily usage?
Can I change the name of my Facebook page even if my account is temporarily blocked (i.e., I can't write anything)?
Facebook takes a lot of space. How is it possible to remove your Facebook content off a device?
What percentage of Facebook users share their email IDs?
Is there any app for Facebook that when a specific person​ comes online I get notified​?
How can you make money from adverts on your Facebook?
Why should we hate Facebook?
Is it illegal to use someone’s wedding video that you shoot for marketing purposes on FaceBook/YouTube?
How can I know the Facebook login history of my Facebook friend?
Why is there no Swadesi website similar to Google or Facebook in India?
Can you know what friends are following on Facebook?
How many people left Facebook after using Quora?
Why have Facebook posts disappeared when I come back to them?
How does Facebook connect two users?
What does Facebook do for improving performance and tuning?
How am I gonna open my pictures in Facebook and video, too?
Why won't Facebook or forum sites be blocked without net neutrality?
Some parts of the conversation disappear from the Facebook group chat. Why is this happening?
Why do we use Facebook in social media marketing?
Can Mark Zuckerberg read celebrities' Facebook chats?
Why does everyone want to join Google or Facebook rather than thinking to build their own startup?
Why is the use of a fake account on Facebook prohibited rather than framed? I mean, most public figures change their name, so why can’t we?
If one were to build the next Facebook what technologies would you use?
Can I delete my Facebook account? Not deactivate it, I just want to delete it.
How can you call somebody through Messenger if you are not friends?
If I message someone on Facebook who I'm not friends with do they get to read the message before deciding whether to accept my request to friend me?
What are some interesting pages on Facebook to increase our knowledge?
How can I make money from Amazon by promoting its product on a Facebook page without a website?
What is a good return on Facebook ads for fashion and apparel?
What does it mean when it says your mobile number was removed from your account because it was registered and verified buy another Facebook user?
Can one hack FB accounts using online tutorials?
Any tool to know your competitor’s spending behaviour on Facebook ads?
If Google, Facebook, Apple, Amazon and Microsoft were declared monopolies, what would be the best way to break each of them up?
How serious a problem is social media addiction?
Facebook Ads: what interest group would be best for people that have recently purchased a TV and may need installation? It's so broad.
In Facebook ads, when you run a re-targeting campaign and a normal campaign, and a user sees both, how do you know to which your attribution goes?
Is FaceBook a web application​ or not?
How can I chat with a following friend on Facebook?
Why can't I post anything on Facebook?
How do I receive email notifications when I get a private message on Facebook?
Is Facebook down right now May 25, 2017?
Is there any Facebook page liker that doesn't use an access token?
Have you seen any Quoran on FB?
Would I be notified if someone reports me on Facebook?
What did Facebook & Snapchat do in its first 12 months for marketing and user acquisition?
Should Quora add feature opening the links internally within the app like Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter?
Would you have had the foresight to join Facebook if Mark Zuckerberg approached you and asked you to help him create the world's largest social media platform?
How do I stop Facebook videos from sticking to the left side when I scroll down?
What is Facebook's core competency?
Can I get 1000 likes in Facebook with zero cost and within in one hour?
How can someone get money from Facebook?
What is the temporary profile picture of Facebook?
In Facebook advertising, how do you report numbers to clients?
Do the Illuminati exist? There is a group on Facebook which says that all of the terrorist attacks have been made by the CIA. Is this true?
If somebody hacked my Facebook and ended the log in session afterwards, would their log in still show up in my archive?
Is YouTube live feature copied from Facebook live?
Is it possible for my friend to re-tag me on a photo on Instagram? I have accidentally removed the tag. Can’t re-tag it now. Is there a way?
Does Facebook/Instagram use image recognition to enrich Audience Insights and target settings on Facebook Ads Manager?
Does Mark Zuckerberg's mom tell him to concentrate on Facebook?
Can a deactivated Facebook account be hacked or not?
Why is Facebook's moderation so inconsistent?
What is the best form of software to capture customer feedback from different, multiple sources, i.e. Twitter, Facebook, and other surveys? Does it exist?
Is Facebook going to make Facebook Marketplace a standalone app?
How do I recover Facebook acount without Gmail and password?
Can you track someone's IP from a comment he posted on Facebook?
What are the ways to get a Facebook friend's (a girl) phone number?
How much would you have to spend to boost a post on FB to 1 million people?
How does Facebook determine what percentage of a user's news feed is ads vs. organic stories?
How does Facebook still know my e-mail address after clearing my browser data?
What are the preferences for group posts?
Why is Facebook going to be banned in the US?
How can you delete your inbox messages on Facebook?
Is it possible to make your cellular data look like it's coming from somewhere like Facebook, or receive your data through Facebook?
Can one send a Facebook friend request using Facebook SDK?
If a Facebook login is compromised, what personal data will be lost??
How many people use Facebook Messenger without a Facebook account?
Why won't Facebook load?
Why do Facebook introduced and then reverted the thankful reaction?
Can I earn money through Facebook?
What is the right Facebook experience for your age?
When browsing to my friend’s post in Facebook it has 78 likes and 1 share on the bottom. How can I find out who shared it?
Is it possible to see time stamp on Messenger of someone I unfriended?
When can I share a post from another page in a group from my new account so Facebook doesn't block that account?
Have you ever tried to troll anyone online while chatting?
How often is the code refactored at Facebook/WhatsApp/Instagram?
When will there be more dead people on Facebook than living ones?
On Facebook Messenger, what causes a message request to go from sent (blue circle with checkmark) to delivered (filled in blue circle with checkmark)?
Is there an API for recent Facebook page likes that I can implement into a live stream?
When someone is showing activity on Messenger, does it mean they are chatting?
How do I unsubscribe from Quora via Facebook?
Where can you see the date of when you were blocked by a person on Facebook?
Can friend requests be sent to a deactivated Facebook account?
How do I post old photos to Facebook and Instagram stories?
How do I create Facebook notification using web worker?
How can I use Facebook from the USA while in India?
How do I invite people who shared my content to like my business’s Facebook page?
Where can I buy 'real' US Facebook fans?
Can I hack Facebook accounts by using a rooted Android mobile?
How do you differentiate between paid Facebook views/clicks to site and organic Facebook views/clicks to site in Google Analytics?
Can you save pictures from Facebook to your phone?
How can Facebook ruin good friendships?
Can a Facebook user on Messenger be a creeper?
How do I add followers rather than friends on Facebook?
How can I see a friend’s active log?
Can I have a FB page with no one knowing about it?
How do I make FB accounts?
How do I know who’s viewed my video on Facebook?
Is it possible to record Facebook voice calls on Windows using Chrome?
Is it possible to request all Facebook events in a certain area to use on a different website?
What is the best way to increase your Facebook followers without paid advertising (not including usual stuff like hashtags or groups, etc.)?
How do I recover my Facebook password with the normal procedure since I lost the SIM card of telephone?
What will happen if I stop using social apps like WhatsApp, Facebook, Messenger, etc.?
Is it illegal to hack Facebook messenger and post someone's messages?
When someone posts something to your general feed on Facebook, can you hide that post but let the person who posted it still see it?
How do I know the top influencers in Facebook in tech niche?
How do I warn the Facebook CEO directly, without any third party?
What is Facebook actually meant for?
What is the motivation for Facebook to push their Top Stories newsfeed?
Can I find a person on Facebook if I have an email address?
What would 9/11 have been like if social media (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.) had the same prevalence then that it does today?
Would it show as delivered if they didn't have a Messenger account?
How can I know if someone used my Facebook account without my permission?
How do you avoid the feeling of uselessness when spending too much time on Facebook?
What is the meaning of ROFL on FB?
What are some of the questions asked in Facebook interviews?
How much data is consumed in a video call via Facebook Messenger?
When will I know if someone can assist me in getting back my Gmail accounts & back into Facebook?
How does Facebook get its sponsored ads?
How do I find private profiles from my fiancee’s Facebook account?
What configuration is Mark Zuckerberg using as a primary development machine?
How did Jessica Su prepare for her interview at Facebook?
I blocked someone on Facebook after I sent them a message. Will I still know if they read the message I sent?
What is the procedure for getting the original information of a person from his fake Facebook account?
Is it ethical to share and alter a post from one Facebook page to another, adding a misleading image to the new post?
What is Facebook magazine? What is the way to build a Facebook magazine using digital marketing services?
Do you think Facebook is becoming YouTube's younger sibling?
If a fake Facebook account has been created, what should I do?
How does Google/Facebook test their products? What are their automation testing strategies?
How much do photo sharing apps like Instagram, Snapchat, Facebook compress images?
How can you tell if you have been unfriended on Facebook?
How can I use Facebook to make my app popular?
How do I get to the first comment when there are hundreds of comments on a Facebook post?
What is your opinion of Facebook addiction among Indians?
How can you tell, when someone shows active on Facebook Messenger, that a person is chatting with someone else?
How can I block my Facebook page post from a specific person?
My girlfriend blocked her ex on Facebook, but I can still see her likes and comments on his post from a couple of years ago. Has she unblocked?
Facebook disabled my account. Will other users be able to see it during the verification period?
Can someone be active on Messenger but have the active time stamp show they are not active?
How did Mark Zuckerberg earn money when he started Facebook and turned the website into a billion-dollar company?
Is there any tutorial on how to monetize my 100k organic followers on a Facebook page with my blog?
What are the proper dimensions for a FB live custom thumbnail?
Can you post something that's not live on Facebook live?
What are some good chat sites like Facebook?
What does the flower smiley in Facebook denote?
How can I delete a profile from Aisle?
What will you miss if you don't open Facebook and Instagram for a year?
Didn't Facebook realize that implementing the story feature in all their apps will just divide their users?
If I do not log out from FB then will I remain online always to other people?
What is the perfect name for my Facebook cricket page?
Can my client pay for his Facebook ads if his page is in my Business Manager account?
How useless do you think Facebook is?
Is it possible for a startup to catch up to Google/Facebook in AI?
If I write something of my own on Facebook (which I intend to use one day in a book), is anybody else who reads it allowed to use it?
How do I use Facebook and WhatsApp on a Blackberry Z10?
How do I get access to Facebook Stories and Messenger Day?
I'm American and I'm looking to make friends on Facebook who live in Ireland. How do I go about doing this?
What are the Poke and Wave features in Messenger during chatting?
Is This rac?
How did Facebook gain new users in the early days?
Is there a way to safeguard your Facebook Custom Audiences in case your ad account gets disabled?
What will happen to Facebook and WhatsApp in June?
Which books and websites do you suggest for studying for the Facebook data engineer interview?
How can I bring back my brother’s memorialised Facebook page?
Why doesn’t Quora provide an option of self-upvoting like Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, Instagram, or other social media?
How do I make Facebook trust my account and enable the postpaid ads for me?
How good is Facebook marketplace for selling used electronics?
What are the details of advertising on Facebook?
Is it possible to use old versions of social media websites such as, LinkedIn or Facebook?
How can I get more followers on Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, Twitter, Vimeo and my blog?
How can I get my Facebook friend number without asking him?
Did Mark Zuckerberg die?
If a person does not have Messenger and is not my friend on Facebook, how will they see my message?
Will Facebook be regulated? What would regulation look like?
Why can people that I am not friends with on FB see what I say to my real FB friends?
If you have two separate Facebook accounts (as a company), is it possible to migrate the pages owned by each account to one account?
Can we get a Facebook users list from a particular location using an FB API?
Does Facebook show the phone number which you have for account verification purposes?
How do I target baby products on Facebook ads?
How do I make a good looking website like Facebook or Quora?
Should I make my fitness app a Facebook Messenger app instead of a mobile app?
How can I send friend request to the CEO of Facebook Mark Zuckerberg?
How dou you deal with passive aggressive Facebook posts?
How can I delete an old Facebook account of mine?
What is the minimum sign on bonus for an average engineer joining Facebook?
Is it OK to ask your interviewer at Facebook for feedback?
Do Facebook and WhatsApp use AWS for their data backup?
What are some examples of IT Project Management’s best practices in large companies like Amazon, Facebook, etc.?
How can I unlink a logged out Instagram account from my Facebook page?
How can I hack someone by sending a message through Facebook?
Are Instagram and Facebook harmful to teens?
Why can't Quora ever surpass FB or WhatsApp in popularity?
Do you feel annoyed that when you see Facebook telling you that an offender does not violate the standards of racism and violent remarks of theirs?
How can I get back into my Facebook account when I’ve done everything the help center asks and I still can't get in?
How do I add my Instagram to my FB profile?
Why do celebrities and others choose to use Twitter more than Facebook to share ideas and other content?
How can I participate in a Facebook marketing workshop in India organised by Facebook?
People seem friendlier on Instagram than on Facebook. What role does UI design play in that?
If a reporter is a type of journalist, and news is defined as noteworthy, am I a journalist if I post on Facebook something relevant to my friends?
Why do big, well-known companies like Google and Facebook still need to do marketing?
How can I get the purple flower reaction on Facebook, if I’m from the Middle East?
A kid asked my girlfriend for nudes on Facebook. He has a girlfriend, but kept asking for it. We found his mom on Facebook. Should we tell her?
What is the benchmark for Facebook and Instagram engagement for 2016?
How can I market a local medical spa on Facebook?
If a fake Facebook account has been created in my name, then what should I do?
Would Facebook's ParlAI scale to RDFS or OWL?
When Facebook disables an account, does it ban the account or that person? And are those users allowed to create a new account?
I have created my own social networking app and how do I monetize it with sponsored ads like Facebook has other than using Google's AdSense?
What is the best practice for really short term advertising on Facebook?
What is the best Facebook group for expats in your country/city? What rules does it have?
How do Facebook collection ads work?
On FB Messenger, some people's statuses say "active on messenger," but my friend's just says "Messenger." What does that mean?
What's next after Facebook and twitter?
Could any Facebook password be difficult to hack?
Can you offer the best online courses for mastering Facebook advertising?
Would you "out" a racist on Facebook to their employer or clients?
Are my Facebook friends able to see my Facebook pages?
Whether they speak about spirituality, entrepreneurship, health or investing, who are your favorite people to follow on Facebook?
Is Chrome compatible with Facebook's Gameroom?
How come Facebook is syncing my contacts?
Shouldn't we consider Google, Facebook, Amazon, and other big companies as monopolies, and slash them?
Facebook says that they're not taking applications for blue checkmark verifications at the moment. How do you get one?
When did you realise that Quora is better than Facebook?
Why has Google+ failed to triumph over Facebook?
How can I set up a FB page for a nightclub promoter?
How do I implement news feed for social network?
What kind of FB page shall I make?
How can I log into my Gmail account that’s associated with my Facebook account?
What needs to be done to keep Quora from being hijacked by political vested interests like Facebook?
On my MetroPCS account, how do I get access to my second line?
How do I promote an online store or Facebook page in a different​ country​ (eg Australia)?
Do you have an idea what will be the next Facebook or Instagram within the next decade?
How do I get the password for a Facebook friend without permission?
Who has used Facebook ads to help a daycare with enrollment?
On Facebook, girls get more likes and comments. Is the same thing happening on Quora?
Why is the degree of blue color in Facebook app is not the same degree in Messenger app?
Why did Facebook need permission from the EU Antitrust Commission before acquiring WhatsApp (since both companies HQs are in the US)?
How do you unlike something that you accidentally liked on Facebook?
What is the use of living?
How can I get flower react in Facebook?
Is Keanu Reeves on any kind of social media like Facebook or Twitter?
Are there any products that would work similarly to a private Facebook group for running an app pilot for teams of 50+ users? For feedback, support, etc.
If a friend marks your message unread, will I still see the "seen" after?
Why can’t I see the number of likes on a comment on Facebook?
What is meant by "you have a friend suggestion”?
Does WhatsApp still work in China? Since last year, it’s owned by Facebook, no?
How can I tell if my girlfriend is using secret messages on Facebook?
Why do social media sites like Facebook and Pinterest allow users to download images while they have no copyright?
Will Facebook be a good choice to post my song covers?
Is it wrong to unfriend someone in my circle of friends?
How can I get data from a Facebook individual’s profile?
Can anyone spy on my Facebook?
If you read a Facebook Messenger message via a push notification without opening the app, will the sender see their message as being marked read?
How do I know if someone is on their phone through Messenger?
Do people ever have positive emotions towards a Facebook friend?
How many entities are there in the Nametests Facebook app, and what are they?
Why are Pakistanis not as active on Quora as they are on Facebook?
Is it a good idea to get Shutterstock photos for free from Facebook then resell them?
What developing app (e.g. Java, Python, Swift) was used to make Facebook?
Can I use Facebook’s public Niagara Falls images, or do they come under copyright?
Why are people still on Facebook?
Is it possible to look at items available in a Facebook merchandise store online?
Why does Facebook offer its 'Year in Review' and 'Look Back' videos?
Should Facebook take down its live feature entirely after people have uploaded killings and suicides (and other atrocious acts I don't need to mention)?
Can I send an application using Facebook Messenger?
How do I make my Facebook page more popular among women?
Why is my Messenger app gray instead of blue?
How I can recover my Facebook account because I forgot the password?
If I set chat to offline on Facebook and I log out and then log in do I keep appearing as offline or does it switch online and offline?
How do I merge two FB accounts? Will I lose photos?
What is the code base for Facebook?
How do you prevent messages on Facebook altogether? I don't have Messenger. My chat is turned off, but it still comes into the inbox. I don't want them.
Where can I find open source code for common features in web apps, such as Facebook likes, adding friends, etc.?
What is the status of Abu Saraf?
What is the use of a page ID on a Facebook page?
Are Facebook Messenger’s “encrypted” secret messages easily monitored by Facebook, as they claim to be able to monitor certain behaviors and messages?
What are the simplest tools for automated Facebook/Instagram ad campaigns? I know of Hootsuite, etc., but they seem to be overkill and complicated.
A person is using my old profile picture as his profile picture. He is accessing Facebook with another name. How can I find that profile?
What can I use instead of Facebook?
Is there a problem with Facebook today?
How do I get off of someone’s Facebook page?
Why isn’t Mark Zukerburg the richest person, when he owns 24% of Facebook, which has a market cap of $433 billion?
What does Quora think of this skit by Neel Kolhatkar on "equality" that is currently going viral on Facebook?
Can Facebook see startpage searches?
What are the characteristics of passive aggressive Facebook posts?
How can I stop people from being able to post photos in the comments of my photos or posts on my Facebook profile page?
Does FB Messenger also have a hidden status folder like WhatsApp’s?
What are some important community or common interest Facebook groups, secret or closed? In what interesting ways are they used by members?
How do I find my friend’s Facebook comments?
Why do profile pictures of guys in WhatsApp, Facebook, etc. include their girlfriend while almost all girls will not have their partners' photo included in theirs?
How can you send a message to someone's inbox on Facebook?
How can I get the phone number of my friend on Facebook?
What is the song used in Facebook's birthday recall videos?
Is there anyone who can help teach me English for free, just on WhatsApp or Facebook?
What demographics use social media?
Why is FB using so much space on my phone?
How do you hide what pictures you liked when someone searches for them on Facebook?
Who can I contact if I need to stop someone from using my email to set up a Facebook account?
What will be the scenario if Facebook and Quora are connected/linked?
Why are engineers trolled so much on social media, especially Facebook?
What should be my targeted audience (for FB Ads) for a Bollywood News website?
What should I do when someone is killing my group on Facebook using an admin account?
Why would a good guy friend block me from Facebook? I've known him 20 years.
Where can I post my Facebook page so that everyone can see it and like it?
Why doesn't Facebook care about UI?
How do I use Baybayin in Facebook?
How do I block someone I am already blocked from on Facebook?
Is there any Indian who did an internship in Google/Facebook/MS/etc after their sophomore year of engineering?
Does popularity on Facebook affect your popularity in real life?
There’s a Facebook name that I need for my page, but someone already has it. Their page was last used in 2010. Is there a way I can get that username?
How can you make an invitation on Facebook?
What is the reason behind the face filter app on Facebook? Why integrate a feature that already exists on Snapchat?
Can I get alerts showing me how long I have been active on Facebook and Facebook messenger?
Can I recover a deleted Facebook chat?
Why do people like common pictures as opposed to glamorous or more meaningful pictures on Facebook?
What does the green dot on Messenger mean?
To what extent can a Facebook account can be kept deactivated so that afterwards it can be recovered before Facebook permanently deletes it?
How do people make money through Facebook pages under the entertainment category?
How can I recover my Facebook account?
How do you get a job in Facebook Engineering?
If you send a message and deactivate your Facebook account, will they still see your name?
Was Facebook's beloved purple flower emoji only for Mother’s Day? Why? Why did they remove it?
Social networks such as Facebook use profiles to store information about their users. How do I create a simple database to store these user's profiles?
Is it possible that other people can read my messenger?
If celebrities don’t have personal Facebook accounts, how do they have a Facebook page?
How can I invite people who shared my post to like my Facebook business page?
How is Facebook able to not let the technology scanner softwares to detect the technologies it is using?
How can I get my Facebook account back after being banned? I didn't do anything to violate their rules.
What are your thoughts on Facebook advertising?
Why do some people choose not to “like” someone’s post on Facebook intentionally?
Whar are some popular Facebook pages or websites which post facts about different languages?
What is one secret about Facebook?
How can I align text to the right on Facebook?
My ex hasn't deleted our pics from her Facebook, however she gets mad if I remove them from mine. What does this mean?
What can I do about a fake Facebook account?
What can I do in Facebook so that on Tinder I will only be matched up with people who are NRIs and were brought up in the Arabian Gulf region?
How do I hide my Facebook relationship status but keep it visible on my fiancee's profile for her friends?
What would be the best way to submit an idea to Facebook executives in order for it to have a good chance of being implemented by Facebook?
Which WordPress plugin allows users to create business pages, like Facebook pages?
Why do my friends on Facebook like others’ posts, but not mine?
How do I delete my Quora account, if I used my Facebook to sign in, and I am locked out of the email for my Facebook account?
Does Facebook scan peoples brains?
What experiments are run at companies like Quora, Google, Facebook, etc. to implement new product features?
Why won't Facebook add my images when I share my post?
What is the best alternative to Facebook & Instagram?
How do I block someone from seeing my FB page?
How do we physically unsubscribe to all of Facebook, like forever?
What does Facebook not monetise shopping on the platform through commission like Amazon does?
Does Facebook always know if a person is parent or it can miss a good percent of times - asking this from Facebook advertising perspective?
Which is the most important company among Facebook, Google, and Apple?
What are disadvantages of converting your Facebook profile to a Facebook page in 2017?
What is the best course to learn Facebook Ads?
Can someone hack my Android phone if they know my Facebook ID?
What percent of Indians are busy on FB?
Is it advisable to combine a personal Facebook account with a business one?
What does it mean on Facebook when it says contact?
Is it possible to turn off unwanted videos in Facebook?
How can I make an auto-reply in my Facebook account?
How do I generate large YouTube video thumbnails for Facebook without any site promotion?
What are the pros of being on Facebook? We have all read numerous answers on the cons already.
How's Instagram different from Facebook if it just enables us to upload photos and videos what we can always do on Facebook?
After the checkpoint ID verification, Facebook logs me into a new empty account. I have two accounts with one email. How does this happen?
How can I promote my page on Facebook without being charged?
Is life generally better with or without a Facebook account, for an unexceptional person?
Do you prefer your friends on Facebook share photos or short videos of their vacations?
Is iodised salt a bad business tactic? Is it necessary when iodine evaporates upon warming ?
What is the best social media marketing tools to schedule posts for Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Pinterest and Instagram?
Does Facebook record your video calls on Facebook?
How can I get notifications about a person of what he posts or what his friends post on his timeline who is not in my friend list in Facebook?
How do I read somebody else's messages on Facebook with out them knowing?
What do people think about the new flower (thankful) react of Facebook?
Why would a name show up several times under a Facebook search?
How does Facebook’s people suggestions work?
Is Facebook keeping the ‘Thankful’ reaction beyond Mother's Day?
Is there a way of viewing content from a Facebook group without a Facebook account (such as a shareable link like on Google)?
How can I turn on the chat notification in Google Chrome while using Facebook?
Can a Facebook user on Messenger be a creeper?
How can I increase my fan page's Like count to over 100k?
How can one make his FB page popular without promotion?
Are ads available on Facebook Free Basics?
Why does Quora make me auto follow all my Facebook friends?
How I can make friends from Australia aside from Facebook?
Why is Facebook not allowing me to add a description on my page and also place a website, etc.?
How do you re-target marketing to people on Facebook who have downloaded your app from iTunes?
What if my wife has made a fake Facebook account to stalk someone?
Does a person know when I save his/her profile image on Facebook?
Has anyone read posts by this page on Facebook by the name Mukhtasar?
Would it show as delivered if they didn't have a Messenger account?
How do I get my friend’s number in Facebook Messenger?
How do I set up a Facebook ads campaign targeting people suffering from injuries?
Does Facebook messenger use data when you have wifi?
How do I find the email ID of an unknown Facebook user?
Can I send Facebook a photo ID to recover my Facebook account?
How can I return to my old Facebook password after changing it?
Every time I run an ad on my Facebook Page, organic reach on regular posts plummet, and they do not normalize for a week. Why is this happening?
How can I prevent my Facebook avatar from showing up in the comment sections of websites and blogs I'm not connected to?
When did you realize that Facebook is a waste of time?
Why is my CPC on Facebook rising while my audience is not even half saturated?
When will I know if someone can assist me in getting back my Gmail accounts & back into Facebook?
How can I transfer an app through Facebook?
All of my Facebook friends are unfriending me. Why is this happening?
How can you tell if someone is messaging someone on Messenger?
Why can't Facebook allow more than 5000 friends?
Why should one stop using Facebook and Instagram?
What should be the motive behind updating a story on Snapchat?
How can I read my partner's Facebook Messenger without having his phone?
How can I gain access to my Gmail and Facebook accounts? I don't have the same phone or number or the passwords associated with my accounts.
How can I read my man’s Facebook messages?
Facebook disabled my account. Will other users be able to see it during the verification period?
Why is it that when you report a fake account on Facebook and the person uses a fake ID to bypass Facebook, it does not get disabled?
Does Facebook still load old messages, when added into a group chat?
How can I promote my blog site using Facebook?
How do I post a picture on messenger to my Android gallery?
Why do many people consider Facebook a waste of time?
How can I access the Facebook account of someone using my WiFi?
If I write something of my own on Facebook (which I intend to use one day in a book), is anybody else who reads it allowed to use it?
How can I see which non-friends have viewed my Facebook page?
How can I change my profile pic on Messenger now that I have removed Facebook?
How can I generate leads directly in my Autoresponder and Webinar list using Facebook Ads?
What is the procedure to find out who saw my profile recently in Facebook?
I have a friend request notification on Facebook. How do I find out who the person is who sent the request?
I accidentally pressed the ‘limit old posts’ feature on Facebook and I want to get rid of that. Is there any option available?
How do I recover my Facebook account for which I know the email address?
What are the benefits of creating a Facebook page?
Why do people say that Facebook targeting is amazing when I can only select age, gender and interests?
How do I like a blocked Facebook image?
How do I make Facebook trust my account and enable the postpaid ads for me?
What are the details of advertising on Facebook?
Which strategies can be used to make people like a brand's Facebook page during an event organized by that brand?
How do I link comments from my previous post to a new post?
How do I prevent a person seeing my post in Facebook who is not a friend to me?
How do big companies like Google, Facebook, and Amazon generate test data?
How do I read back a comment from a page if the owner deleted my comment on Facebook?
Should one join Facebook or Instagram?
Is Facebook’s Graph API free?
What do I do with a Google Tracking Code and Facebook Pixel?
If you could redesign the Facebook logo, how would it look like?
What app or tool can I use to get likes on my Facebook page or followers in my Instagram?
If Facebook is a building, is it one of the most complicated buildings in the world?
Are there any restrictions for advertising an Amazon listing through Facebook ads on either end?
Why do some messages on Facebook show the seen notification after a day when the seen time was yesterday when I sent it?
Is tourism in China marketed through Facebook?
How do I read a message without the seen mark in hangouts messenger?
How can I download a Facebook video on my phone?
How do you input a devil smiley on Facebook?
How would the Facebook look like and function, if it was found by a Pakistani?
A page on Facebook stole one of my answers on Quora and posted it as their own. What can I do?
On what basis do Facebook comments appear at the top?
What is the different when doing marketing by between Billboard and Facebook?
How do websites like MensXP open so fast when clicked from their Facebook page?
Can we find the amount of sales that are generated every day in the advert manager on Facebook?
What script would I need to grant a redirect after a successful Facebook login app, if the app is hosted on a stand alone landing page domain?
What are the digital media strategy you used for relevant website traffic and lead generation apart from Google and Facebook platform?
Roman Saini's Facebook page is not yet a verified account by Facebook. Why?
I am getting too many fake profile requests on Facebook since February, 2017. Is anybody else facing the same?
What is the minimum sign on bonus for an average engineer joining Facebook?
How do I get enough response from Facebook users who are intended to study abroad?
Why does my friend tag me on Facebook by replying to a random comment on the post instead of just tagging me by commenting on the post directly?
How do I delete a person off of Messenger?
How do I invite people who are not present in my Facebook friends list to like my Facebook page?
Does Chrisfield MD have a back page for escorts?
A friend of mine on Facebook recently added 4 people but I can only see 3, is there a way to find out who this is?
Can I sue Facebook for asking my identity?
Facebook page boost amount?
Are we allowed to add teachers we had on Facebook and speak to them?
How does one stop oneself from being an active Facebook and an Instagram addict?
Is Chrome compatible with Facebook's Gameroom?
Have you seen good outcomes from Facebook ads, boosting ads/posts, and others?
What is the best way to start a conversation\chat with a Facebook friend who is a writer and novelist and happens to be a girl?
How do I get a reply from a girl on FB chat?
How much money would Google/Facebook/Microsoft give if you hacked them?
Why does Facebook send me email about notification on my fake account where there is nothing to show?
What is your opinion regarding the current quarterly results of Facebook Q1FY17?
How can I join tech giants like Google, Facebook, MSFT as college dropout in India? And what salary can I expect?
How many followers do I need to attract adverts for my Facebook page?
Can Facebook be replaced?
What’s the best Facebook video you've seen lately?
Is it good to ask for your girlfriend’s Facebook account?
One requires code to run a website, so would it be possible to run Facebook with only one person?
What is the difference between optimizing for a 1-day click and a 7-day click in Facebook?
When you upload an email list on the "suggest page" option on a Facebook page, do the contacts get a notification to view the page?
In which platform were apps like Facebook, Snapchat, and WhatsApp made? I want to make a million dollar app and my idea is also new. Can I do that?
How do I get a reply from a girl on Facebook chat?
What is the purpose of degrees (from school, college, university and society) and education?
How do I get access to my Gmail & Facebook accounts? I tried with this phone. Google won't accept this phone number. I don't remember my passwords.
How can I target leads on Facebook? Do I need to create a page for the business?
I have deleted a recent message on Facebook with a friend but the contact is still on the top of my message log. How can I rearrange?
Why won't my Messenger app work on Facebook?
What does it say about a person who unfriends you on Facebook because you don't like Trump?
Why is the degree of blue color in Facebook app is not the same degree in Messenger app?
If I'm searching my husband's profile and I see the same person in his friends list on Facebook, what's the reason?
How can I log into my Facebook account without a password? It is linked to my Yahoo ID which I can no longer access?
Why is Facebook getting boring?
Why do companies like Facebook need and have so many workers?
What tools do you use to measure online interactions (on Facebook groups for instance)?
Does Google share its big data with Facebook?
What offerings does Facebook have for real estate agents to advertise? How effective is it?
How can I see what date two people became friends on Facebook when only one is my friend?
Did Tab Ruffin block me on Facebook?
How do I find out who is behind a Facebook page if they have not identified an admin and they do not reply to a message request?
Does WhatsApp still work in China? Since last year, it’s owned by Facebook, no?
How do you reset a forgotten password and email on Facebook?
Why is my Facebook message stuck on sent?
How can I find a holiday destination based on a Facebook profile?
How can I get data from a Facebook individual’s profile?
What are the best platforms to distribute your blog posts besides the usual Facebook, Instagram and EDMs?
How can you make your Facebook stand out?
If you read a Facebook Messenger message via a push notification without opening the app, will the sender see their message as being marked read?
How can we check our Messenger chat and calling history?
Will Google lose everything to Facebook?
Why is my deactivated Facebook account still visible to the public and on my old friends’ 'friends lists'?
Which social media site is a major competitor to Facebook?
Is it distasteful to share your political opinion on Facebook and Instagram?
Suppose xyz is a social networking site that will replace Facebook. What features will you expect from xyz?
Who are the people who search my Facebook account?
How does Facebook ad work?
How do we know how many page likes or post likes can we get with a budget of $500 for Facebook ads lifetime budget?
What are the best app to get auto comment on Facebook page or account?
Why can't I send another friend request to a user who declined my first request?
What are some of the best meme pages in Facebook and Instagram?
What's the best way to auto-post to a Facebook buy/sell group?
Is it possible to look at items available in a Facebook merchandise store online?
If you unfriend someone on FB, would they know it?
How can I find Personal Ads on Facebook?
If I set chat to offline on Facebook and I log out and then log in do I keep appearing as offline or does it switch online and offline?
Can I apply for a job with Facebook/Google one year in advance?
Is replying on Twitter like commenting on a post on Facebook? If so, is it publicly posted?
Why is my deactivated account still visible in my old Friends lists?
What is business development at Facebook or Instagram?
How do I target a Facebook ad for selling LulaRoe?
Can my friend steal my password if I log into Facebook from his mobile browser? If so, how?
What is a good giveaway idea on Facebook for makeup products?
How can you find out when someone last logged in to Facebook, without being logged in?
According to you, is Facebook a successful dating platform?
What are the best comments for a mother’s profile?
Why I cannot send a second friend request to someone in Facebook?
Can you tell who someone is messaging on Messenger?
How can I stop the frequent blocking of my Facebook account?
I've 3 pages with the personal profile, I claimed one page to the business manager and I want to restore it to my personal account, how can I do it?
If you block a friend on Facebook, can they still see your page?
How do I get to know the best time of launching a blog while running a Facebook page?
How can I get the phone number of my friend on Facebook?
How do I stop friends from seeing my comments/likes on other pages?
How do I know if people have checked my FB profile?
Where did my Facebook location address go?
Why would a good guy friend block me from Facebook? I've known him 20 years.
How can I take down a fake Facebook profile? It is harrassing me and I'm isolated and depressed.
How do we understand the context collapse in Facebook?
Is there any Indian who did an internship in Google/Facebook/MS/etc after their sophomore year of engineering?
Can I log into Facebook using Instagram?
What is the reason behind the face filter app on Facebook? Why integrate a feature that already exists on Snapchat?
How can I add all my friends to my closed face-book group without getting blocked?
Which is the best Facebook bot?
Why can't I see my photos and friends’ photos on Instagram and Facebook?
How do I prepare myself to get into the data teams of Google, Facebook, etc.?
Why does the person I search for on Facebook show up many times?
My crush's birthday is tomorrow . He has kept it hidden on Facebook. Should I wish him?
Is Quora better than Facebook for sharing knowledge?
How can I recover my Facebook account?
I've just joined Facebook. What are some things I should keep in mind? (while making my profile, posting, etc.)
How do I update my status to a client?
What are the major technologies being used in tech giants like Google and Facebook? I am from a programming background and currently working for Wipro.
Is there anyway to bypass users on my app needing to click "send invite" to a friend on Facebook?
How do I pass username and password of Facebook in URL?
Can I view my messages on Messenger.com if I have subscribed with my phone number (without a Facebook account)?
Being an Indian, can I make Pakistani friends on Facebook? Is there anything wrong in that? I have seen some people making friends with them on Facebook.
What does the medical community think about the “The truth about cancer" videos that surface twice yearly on Facebook?
Can you catch someone with a fake account on Facebook?
What attribution tools give you insights into your Google and Facebook campaigns beyond what the platforms do by themselves?
Can you tell if someone visits your Facebook profile?
How do I get Facebook to remove a fake profile using my father’s identity? Reporting hasn't worked.
What do Facebook metrics like the total views of a page actually & honestly mean?
What is the best way to troll those spam Facebook messages from girls "looking to have fun"?
What is the reason behind many people taking up photography as a hobby in recent times?
Is making a fan page on Facebook or Instagram legal?
What happens to all the data if a company like Facebook goes bankrupt tomorrow?
What would be the problem if I'm having high CTR (+5%) and low conversions on Facebook ads?
Will tech giants like Google, Microsoft, Amazon, and Facebook hire a statistician with a master’s degree?
AdSense ads are not showing whena user is coming from Facebook. Why is this happening only with me on Facebook?
How can we increase our Facebook post likes?
How do I make it to the Big Four as a software developer?
Why hasn't Twitter grown like Facebook?
Facebook has suggested my ex in People you May Know. Should I send her a request?
How do I get someone’s contact info on Messenger?
How do I unfollow everyone on FB?
How do I change unpublished Facebook posts to published?
I sent my teacher a Facebook friend request and she hasn't accepted it or rejected it. What does this mean?
I accidentally tagged someone in a post on Facebook, but untagged them and blocked the page. Will the page get a notification?
Is Quora becoming the next Facebook, where people do stupid things?
Does Facebook measure the reading time on a location of a feed?
How do I see a sent request?
How can I reach Jared Morgenstern?
Patanjali are promoting their products on Facebook and YouTube, etc. which are platforms run by foreign companies. Doesn’t that go against their Swadeshi movement?
Do celebrities have two Facebook accounts?
Should I post my drawings on Facebook?
How do I get inorganic likes on Facebook?
How do I change my name on Messenger on my Android?
What does it mean if you added a person on Messenger?
How do I add my Twitter account to my FB account?
Is it impossible to get a lot of friends on Facebook?
How do I set up a Facebook marketing campaign targeting the parents of teens?
What is the most expensive country in which to advertise on Facebook, in terms of CPC & CPM?
How can a memorialized account just have joined Facebook Messenger?
What is the reason for someone disappearing from the “people you may know” list on Facebook? Does it mean the person removed himself/herself or is this a Facebook decision?
How can I determine what to use for my Facebook or LinkedIn profile?
Is there an actual app or easy way I can monitor my spouse’s Facebook and email activity, besides leaving a long ad to hire some super hacker?
How can one increase their number of Facebook likes?
How much do we need to spend on Facebook or Instagram advertising (hypothetical number)?
What is the best online tool for building a viable, engaging business network? LinkedIn? Facebook? Other?
Why wouldn't ISPs block Facebook without net neutrality?
What is India's biggest Facebook group?
How do I link the birth dates of my friends on Facebook to my iPhone?
Can I see chats from someone that's not my friend?
Why do we use Facebook?
Is there any software or process to increase likes on a Facebook post?
How can I write bold letters in a Facebook post?
Should I only run my Facebook ad during the hours most conversions occur?
How can I change the Facebook account email account in Quora.com?
Is moving away from payments to pure ads a good strategy for Facebook Messenger?
Which is the best group on Facebook for puzzles?
How do I delete my fb account permanently?
What are the best ways to use Facebook for company?
How can I check if someone has blocked me on FB Messenger?
One of my non-Muslim friends is not accepting my friend request on Facebook because I have reverted to Islam. What will you say?
How do I share an image on Facebook to WhatsApp?
How can I convert my Facebook profile to page a second time?
Can someone receive an invite to join messenger from a deactivated Facebook account?
Can we find out how long a particular person has been a part of a Facebook group even if he or she is not on your friends list?
Should I setup a separate ad account for Facebook Traffic and Remarketing?
Why don’t Facebook Messenger and WhatsApp use WebSocket?
If a famous person lets you send them a PM on Facebook, does that mean that they like you?
How do I set GIF/slideshow as profile pic on Facebook?
Is it really possible to hack someone's messenger acct?
Can you see see how many people viewed a post or picture on your Facebook fan page, if it's not posted by you?
How do people in the Google office see if someone says, "Add me in Facebook," or "Facebook me"?
What does a social network have to have to become successful?
How do I make a YouTube cover photo?
How do I tell if someone with a mobile phone is on Messenger chat or browsing Facebook?
Why do phone manufacturers not allow Facebook Live videos to be filmed in the horizontal format?
How do I delete all my Facebook posts at once? I am using an Android/Windows PC.
How do you tag someone on Facebook?
What reason is there for someone disappearing from my “people you may know” list on Facebook after a period of time? I didn’t remove him.
What are the top 100 Facebook pages?
How do I make a "connect with Aadhaar" button for the purpose of signing up just like "connect with Google or Facebook"?
What other reaction emojis would you want Facebook to introduce?
Which service is a part of Google, Facebook, YouTube or Twitter?
Did Facebook abandon the Groups app for iOS?
Is it legal to share other people's public shared Facebook pictures on my Facebook page?
Is there an app to know who sends invites to my Facebook?
On which Facebook page or group can widowers be found?
Can I get my deleted conversation back on Messenger?
Does Facebook control which comments I see? The top comments below the popular posts always seem to agree with my political views, and that's worrying.
Why do companies like Facebook and IMO pay stipends if the employees stay less than 5 miles from the office?
Can you still see liked posts by a person blocked on Facebook?
Are intellectuals less active on Facebook? It seems that Facebook is more of a self-branding platform than a "keep in touch" platform.
Is there any way to search a Facebook account​ by the uploaded pictures on that account​?
Why did Facebook Messenger decide to focus on ads only while other messaging platforms such as WeChat and Line make money from payments, commerce etc.?
How large an audience should I use when running test ads on Facebook?
Is it important for the Facebook profile to be old enough for filling up tutor profile at Chegg.com?
How should I settle my Facebook account?
Why is my Facebook account temporarily blocked?
Why do some words on my Facebook page look like this ⵜⴰⵣⵡⵓⵔⵜ when I sign in from Chrome or Edge?
What do you think regarding the meme culture that is becoming more and more prevalent in Facebook (and internet in general)?
Can I search for any Facebook account​ by an uploaded pic on that account​?
People are using Twitter and Facebook where their freedom of expression has been removed and people are stacked in little groups with the same opinions. Why?
How do I see “Friend Request Sent” on Facebook?
How can I find similar Facebook Fanpages (free tool)?
How do I comment on a Facebook page post through a C++ program?
Can I translate any article at any website and publish it on my website or Facebook ?
Does Buffer or Hootsuite post on LinkedIn, Facebook and Google+ groups at the same time?
What is the highest number of shares any of your Facebook posts has ever achieved?
Is it normal for a couple to constantly flirt with each other and praise each other on Facebook walls when they could do it via a private text?
What could be the Facebook audience for men's business watches product?
Why do couples carry on conversations on Facebook rather than a phone call or text?
How do I unfollow all of my friends on Facebook and just follow pages?
In the future, what company could possibly defeat Facebook in the social media industry? And why?
Who all joined Facebook after they joined Quora? Why?
How did Zuckerberg made money after making Facebook?
How do you get the purple flower button on Facebook?
What would happen if someone tag a person on a video I shared to selected people on Facebook?
What are Facebook's SWOTs?
How do you know if your friend on Facebook Messenger is on a call on Messenger?
Why does Quora allow users to have a different name from their Facebook accounts?
In what way can a Facebook Messenger bot help a college?
Should I delete my Facebook account right now? I want to begin anew.
Where can I buy sparklers (fireworks) online in India with COD facility (could be any site, Facebook page, Instagram account, etc.)?
Messenger Day is not working on my phone. Why?
How do I find US-based Facebook Fiverr groups?
What are the recent changes in Facebook?
Why can't I see all persons who reacted to my FB photo?
How do I recover my deleted Facebook messages?
Is there a way to earn from Facebook like YouTube?
Do they have Facebook in North Korea? Because sometimes when I go to Facebook live map, I find some 1 or 2 lives broadcasting from there.
How can I recover one post that I posted in a Facebook group if I deleted it unexpectedly?
Is it possible to be blocked when you are not friends on Facebook?
Facebook shows "Your account is not eligible for this process". How do I get this problem solved?
Is there not a Facebook Page Template that features Events and Groups?
What should I write in an open letter to Fb Sister?
How should I stop people from posting unflattering pictures of me on Facebook?
How do I secure my Facebook account when someone reports me?
What would happen if someone tag a person on a video I shared only with selected people on Facebook?
A has blocked B's account on Facebook. If C (a mutual friend of both A and B) comments on a post or a photo posted by A, will B be able to see that post or photo?
How do you use Adwords to promote a Facebook group?
What is the meaning of accepting an interest request in community matrimony?
Should you keep your enemies on Facebook?
What does Mark Zuckerberg do at Facebook? Does he write code or do business negotiations?
Has anyone made a friendship on Facebook and eventually gotten laid sooner in Mumbai?
Is it possible to use old versions of websites such as LinkedIn and Facebook?
How can I make 5,000 Facebook friends in an instant?
What do programmers at big tech companies like Google, Facebook, etc., eat and drink to support their productivity (snacks, drinks, etc.)? What besides coffee do they consume?
Can I create a Facebook based visualization? If yes, how do I start?
How can I transfer a Facebook session from my iOS device to somewhere else?
How can I make 5000 Facebook friends in an instant?
How is it that I log into Quora with my Facebook credentials, then the next day my profile has been suddenly altered?
What are the features of Facebook video post translation?
How can I stream a pre-recorded video via Android Facebook live?
Why don't I see the Facebook explore option in desktop and only in Facebook application?
Is it possible for the time/date of a message (not a stat) on Facebook to bed falsified (i.e., made earlier)?
How much money does Facebook take away from India?
What are the best Facebook groups by subject?
How do I check someone’s post on Facebook if they have a blog?
Does Facebook have VIP accounts?
Are there any social networks that have a Facebook style theme?
How can I change my connection to Quora from a Facebook account to a Google account?
A has blocked B's account on Facebook. If C (a mutual friend of both A and B) comments on a post or photo posted by A, will B be able see C's comment or like on that post or photo?
How can I read a message on another person’s Facebook account without knowing their names?
How do I see the profile picture of my friend who has blocked me?
Do you get notified when someone reacts to your message on faceboook? Do you get a notification when somebody else reacts to an old msg on Facebook?
Is there any software to hack Facebook (include illegal ways)?
People say there are many flaws in Facebook. They are saying you can get thousands of followers just like a celebrity in a few days. Is this true?
How do I react thankfully on Facebook?
Why does the wrong image appear when I share a website or a post on the social networks?
Are the terms "Like" and "mutual Friends" owned by Facebook?
Is it legal to use Facebook for commercial purposes?
What is the best paying URL shortener service that accepts Facebook postings?
How do people in Google see Google engineers using Facebook in office hours?
How can I recover my Instagram account which is not linked to Facebook?
Why do my own Facebook posts sometimes not show up in my news feed?
Is it possible to know who has viewed my Facebook page?
How many people use Facebook in Turkiye?
What software does Facebook use for its videos?
Can I download all of my Messenger information?
If someone keeps blocking and unblocking on Facebook, does it affect the photo in search?
Is it cool to send a friend request on Facebook to your crush, who is your junior?
Should I use int or VARCHAR in MySQL (or other databases)?
Can we get money if we find mistakes in Facebook?
How do I delete my Facebook ID permanently?
What does Facebook actually do when I mark that I ignored a friend request because I don't know that person?
How do I upload a video to make it autoplay in my Facebook timeline and Facebook page?
Why does Facebook not show Arnab's new channel Rebuplic as a trending topic?
Facebook has expanded the content review team. Does it show that China's network management has something to learn from it?
What is the best way to save Facebook videos to a computer?
Does the Facebook app save your history?
What is the best way to troll those spam Facebook messages from girls "looking to have fun"?
Does Facebook hate Google?
Is anyone having issues with Facebook Ads, Ads Manager, or getting their ads reviewed? My Facebook ads are not getting reviewed.
How do you hide being on messenger?
How can Amazon Affiliate Marketing be done on Facebook if my page audience is global?
Can I change the emoji if someone has blocked me from Facebook Messenger?
How do some Facebook pages put advertisement in between of the video?
What do you do when you get bored and don’t want to wast your time on Facebook, Instagram, Quora, etc.?
What are Facebook texts?
My Facebook ID security check code was sent to my old phone number, and it won't let me select a different one. How do I change it?
What accounts for Facebook's decline in popularity?
Whom can I contact on Facebook to ask about an MA in literature?
What happens if I change the text of a private event on Facebook? Does everyone invited see the change?
Does Facebook measure the reading time on a location of a feed?
What do IITians have to say about these lines floating on Facebook these days?
How did WittyFeed and its founders, Vinay Singhal, Praveen Singhal and Shashank Vaishnav, get verified on Facebook?
What is the bullish argument for Amazon, Apple, Google, Facebook, Microsoft, and Netflix?
Why can’t I like any page on Facebook?
Why are people on Quora posting their personal photos and making it another Facebook? Why doesn’t Quora’s administration put a stop to it?
Why is it that some of the sponsored ads on Google and Facebook are linked to what you search for on the Internet?
Can you Suggest me some hacks of Facebook?
Is there any way we can convince the guys who own Facebook that their Messenger is trash?
How can I best use Facebook ads to market my art?
Can you login to your Instagram business account with a linked Facebook account if you forget your password?
How can I save my uninstalled Facebook and WhatsApp data from others?
Are the statistics on Facebook and Instagram about promoted post authentic?
Can class 8 students make Facebook IDs?
How can I make a post for “word of the day” for my Facebook group?
What kind of data can I get from a Facebook user’s friends list after they log in using Facebook?
How can I get a brand endorsement for my Facebook videos, if they are seen by 1lakh people on average?
What user profile information can I access from Facebook's Botkit tool?
How does Facebook determine whether solid or gradient backgrounds are available for status updates and when?
Can I see chats from someone that's not my friend?
Why did Mark Zuckerberg choose PHP to make Facebook?
Is there a way by which I can delete all my previous content in my Facebook account?
How do I advertise on Instagram and Facebook simultaneously when the accounts are already linked?
Did you start to visit Facebook less after you discovered Quora?
Are Facebook ads the best way to reach early adopters and users for a new app?
What are the chances that Facebook will be blocked in the US?
Is the idea of Facebook patented?
How do I sign into my Facebook account with a profile picture?
How can I convert my Facebook profile to page a second time?
Why does it beep before it rings when I call someone on Messenger?
How would you target people interested in buying lady's apparel with Facebook ads for LuLaRoe or a similar brand?
What happend if I spam messages on Facebook?
Is it better to use the Instagram or Facebook advertising platform to get a higher install rate of a mobile app?
How can I add a Facebook close friend and family list as a shortcut?
How do people in the Google office see if someone says, "Add me in Facebook," or "Facebook me"?
Is it possible to track your IP address or location from a Facebook comment? Can my location be tracked via comments I've made on Facebook posts?
How do I tell if someone with a mobile phone is on Messenger chat or browsing Facebook?
What happens if Facebook asks for my ID proof, and I never give it to them?
How does Facebook chat work in PC and phones?
How much would WhatsApp be spending on cloud services if it was not bought by Facebook?
Has your Facebook Page ever been stolen?
Why have my Facebook page's net likes dropped so suddenly after I stopped using ads?
How did Facebook provide security when they first started?
What other reaction emojis would you want Facebook to introduce?
Which service is a part of Google, Facebook, YouTube or Twitter?
Why doesn't Facebook bring back the security feature of login approvals?
TamilRockers is one of the piracy websites. They are interacting with the people in Twitter and Facebook. Can the cybercrime department do something?
Why do some people purposely not use social media websites and applications like Facebook?
How do I find links of engineering students Facebook groups in any American universities?
How should I go about recruiting people to help run my 18+ Facebook group?
When and what was the reason behind you permanently deleting your Facebook account?
How do some Facebook users set picture as a background of their Facebook text status? Note that I don't mean color/gradient but actual picture.
What kind of information can I get from a Facebook user’s friends?
Is there anyone selling Facebook verified pages?
Is there any remote possibility that if you're chatting from your laptop/PC on Facebook that it will show 'sent from mobile'?
Is Facebook tracking WhatsApp messages or getting search tracking from Google?
Why do companies like Facebook and IMO pay stipends if the employees stay less than 5 miles from the office?
Are affiliate links accepted for paid ads on Facebook, Google or other search engines?
How do I block a profile on Facebook?
Is there any way to download all the content that I have posted in a Facebook group including all status and files?
Which are the most interesting closed groups on Facebook concerning productivity and self-improvement?
Why do giants like Google and Facebook spend money on advertising?
I have already downloaded WhatsApp Messenger. Now, how do I start chatting?
Why doesn't Facebook Messenger send email notifications anymore?
Is Sanjeev Bhatt’s Facebook account fake?
How can I get more shares on my Facebook videos?
How can I tell if somebody has more than one Messenger app?
People are using Twitter and Facebook where their freedom of expression has been removed and people are stacked in little groups with the same opinions. Why?
How do I make a new temporary account on Facebook while having my main account blocked for some time due to violation of rules?
Can I replace a Facebook video without losing the likes?
How do I get a job at Facebook as a client solution manager in NYC?
Are affiliate links accepted for paid ads on Facebook, Google and other search engines?
How do I know who my secret profile visitors are on Facebook?
Is there any IPM aspirant I could get in contact with via Facebook or any other means?
How do you get Facebook page likes for your new startup page?
Are frameworks for quantisation of apotheosis like Quora, Facebook and Twitter the direction of future apps?
How can I change my Facebook relationship status without notifying everyone?
What do the ticks mean in Messenger?
Why is it easy to get likes on Facebook but hard to get upvotes on Quora?
Is it just a coincidence that Mark Zuckerberg created a system of manipulating the population just like his grandfather did?
What does a gray dot next to a friend’s name on Messenger mean?
What would happen if someone tag a person on a video I shared to selected people on Facebook?
What is the most effective source of traffic apart from Facebook?
Why don't Indian boys make American girlfriends through Facebook?
What are Facebook's SWOTs?
Do you like using live streaming on Facebook?
How can I recover a forgotten Facebook email?
What is the current ballpark developer rates for simple Facebook Messenger Chatbots?
Why is Messenger sending invites from me to unknown people?
How can I pay for a Facebook page in Uganda since I have no card?
What determines the 8 friends that show up on your Facebook page?
I want to be able to autopublish on Twitter and Instagram when I post on Facebook. Is there a way?
In which cases would you recommend Twitter ads VS Facebook ads?
How do you undelete Facebook messages properly?
How do I keep videos playing in the background, on Facebook, which I've started?
Do Korean people change their Facebook profie picture in support of President Moon?
Is it possible to trigger feeds from an external app to Facebook's user feed based on geography and without users subscribing to the feed itself?
Can I know someone's Facebook fanpage name through his/her Instagram business account?
Does a delivered message on Messenger mean that it's been read if you click on it and you only see icons with faces?
Why does Facebook create a dark web website?
How do certain products (or news) that are not more special than others (fidget spinner, Facebook, etc.) become so popular?
What if you are in love with your Facebook friend?
How I can check who has shared my photo post on Facebook?
How is the war between Snapchat and Facebook going to end?
How do I use Facebook app without risking my privacy?
Can I earn with Facebook videos?
What do programmers at big tech companies like Google, Facebook, etc., eat and drink to support their productivity (snacks, drinks, etc.)? What besides coffee do they consume?
Can I create a Facebook based visualization? If yes, how do I start?
Does everyone get Facebook stats on their page?
How can I get new script for auto-adding an FB group?
Is it possible to change the SMS content of Facebook Account Kit?
Facebook is blocking me again & again, & I have to change my password every 2 hours, & I'm also unable to post my comment. Why is this happening?
Can I export pictures in the comments on a Facebook page?
What are the steps of building a Facebook messenger bot which will store data in a self-hosted database?
How do I remove email suggestion on Facebook log in on my phone?
How do I find password of Instagram without Facebook?
Why does Facebook ad experts do not share some of their success secrets/tricks?
If I want someone to see 'Facebook User' in place of my name in their message history, what should I do?
If blocked on Facebook, am I blocked on Messenger?
What is your opinion about Ravindra Babu Ravula going live on Facebook and discussing with students on general matters?
Is it illegal for me to share a standard YouTube licensed video with my friends on Facebook?
How do I avoid tagging on Facebook?
Why do exes tend to create fake Facebook accounts to spy on you? I mean, the relationship ended, so why spy on her/him?
How do we get Facebook Ads insights with an hourly breakdown?
Do you think Google and Facebook have to take responsibility for Fake News?
How do I reset the password of my Facebook account?
How can I re-publish my Facebook page with 900K followers? I've already sent an appeal, but it was denied.
Should Facebook prevent crimes from being uploaded to Facebook?
How do I unblock myself from someone’s Facebook account?
Why doesn't Facebook Messenger say the dates of when someone reads your messages?
Why is there no mobile version of the Facebook Friends feed?
How can I crop a Facebook photo?
How do people in Google see Google engineers using Facebook in office hours?
What was it like to date Sheryl Sandberg?
Can I legally publish 3rd party articles to Facebook Instant Articles if I credit the author?
Can I download all of my Messenger information?
If someone keeps blocking and unblocking on Facebook, does it affect the photo in search?
How do I report Facebook hackers?
Should I use int or VARCHAR in MySQL (or other databases)?
What audience interest should I use to get my plus-size boutique seen by plus-size women on Facebook?
What would happen if someone tag a person on a video I shared only with selected people on Facebook?
Is there a way to see all of my Facebook actions since day 1?
What is this ad on Facebook for?
How do I get Facebook to take down my father's fake profile on Facebook? It was created by somebody else, and we are unable to get the password.
Facebook has expanded the content review team. Does it show that China's network management has something to learn from it?
Should I be back on Facebook?
Why does data on Google Analytics differ from data on social media platforms, specifically Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram?
How do I know if my friend has a dual messenger in the same account?
Were can I find one of Facebook’s media partners?
What does it mean when there are pulsating circles around the video icon on Facebook Messenger?
How do I transfer my contacts from Lumia 520 to my Facebook account, or Microsoft account?
How​ can I find a fake Facebook account​?
Why can’t India make Google and Facebook?
What is the eligibility criteria for getting off campus placement in Google, Facebook and Microsoft?
How can we get access to anyone's texts or Facebook account?
This girl I have a crush on accepted my Facebook friend request only about 2 hours after I sent it. Does that mean she likes me?
Why does Facebook show me "This feature isn't available to everyone right now" when I click the "How do I verify my page" link in the help center?
Why am I getting phished out of my Facebook account?
Is it forbidden to sell private ads on a Facebook group as an administrator of the group?
Is a Facebook account necessary to open an Instagram account?
Is it unethical to gain Facebook likes from suffering one?
What happened to the Facebook website?
How can I get licence key for Facebook tool kit?
Can one get malware by visiting a real Facebook page?
How​ do I ask a girl​ for​ casual​ sex on Facebook?
How do I recover my password for Facebook with no email, phone or password?
What is the approximate number of daily "likes" and "reactions" exchanged on Facebook?
How can I buy Facebook likes, YouTube subscribers and Twitter followers?
How do I create Facebook and Instagram outro cards on YouTube videos?
What does a small green light next to a phone icon on a person’s Messenger page mean?
What are your thoughts on Facebook's Two-Person-Live feature on Facebook Live?
How can I delete messages I sent to someone on Facebook in both conversations?
Can someone work at Facebook only with freelance experience?
Will Facebook, Twitter, and WhatsApp lead to death?
Why do people use Instagram? Is it better than Facebook?
What is the "username" feature for a Facebook page?
If it could be proven without a doubt that there is no God (for lack of a better word), what would happen?
How can I see my boyfriend’s messages to other women on Facebook?
How can I reduce my addiction to FB?
How can I cancel a pending request on Facebook?
Would it be possible if you deleted a Facebook conversation to get a copy of all the messages from the other user?
What are the drawbacks of installing the Facebook app?
Did Mark Zuckerberg create the Facebook website alone? How?
Did Facebook get rid of smart lists?
What is best way to earn money with Facebook?
How do you see a blocked page on IG?
What are time saving ways to use Facebook?
Why doesn't Facebook take reports seriously?
Do you think spending too much time on Facebook can make you envious of others?
How do I invite someone to Messenger who is not on Facebook?
Why doesn't Twitter implement "Live Video" feature like Facebook?
How can one figure out the true identity of a person on Facebook?
How are the file and folder structures at Facebook and Google?
How can I earn with my fb fashion page which has around 100k likes?
How are your Facebook friends, family and acquaintances demanding?
How do you find customers in Canada on Facebook?
People tab on messenger(iOS) is loading, nothing appear and there is no active people shown, what am I supposed to do?
Where is my friend’s list?
Does Facebook allow two accounts of yours, both with real name and correct info?
Is it possible to use the same Facebook account after uninstalling the Facebook app?
Why is Quora not as popular as Facebook, Instagram, and WhatsApp?
What does it mean when you are friends with someone on Facebook but you can't see them on any of your friends lists when they used to be there?
What is the meaning of the Facebook reaction having a purple flower?
Is it also possible to create Facebook ads for Australia being located in Germany?
How do I find a USA active Facebook group?
How can I know the true identity of a person on Facebook?
A friend posted to my timeline. Can I see the audience they selected?
Why do certain websites like Poshmark or Facebook have continuous feed pages? I don't like continuous feeds and I will not go to any site that does it.
What can we expect from Facebook TV this summer?
Does employee engagement with a company’s Facebook page damage its ability to reach potential customers?
Does it make sense to use additional user information (like age, sex or even Facebook likes) for recommendation systems?
How do developers use Redux in Facebook?
What are the problems in Rails that prevent it from carrying big sites like Facebook, WhatsApp or Google?
How much money would Facebook lose for a 10 minute shutdown?
Why are the Carousel images getting blurred on Facebook? The dimensions are above 600x600.
Where do I view my friend list?
When is Facebook going to die?
How do I get rid off of using Facebook?
Why would my iPhone appear to be logged into my Facebook account as an iPad?
How do I delete a Facebook account which I don't use?
Do you think Discord has the potential to transform into a large social network?
How do I find influencers for cosmetics in Instagram and Facebook?
What does "in a relationship" on Facebook in Mumbai means?
How often do Facebook and Zuckerberg get sued?
Can I see who is visiting my FB page?
How do I hide my friend list on Facebook?
How do I become friends with someone I'm Facebook friends with?
What is the need of Facebook?
How do I meet someone at Facebook who can help with my unpublished page?
Why would someone ignore a friend request rather than simply responding to it one way or the other?
Facebook has around 2 billion users. Why are they still doing marketing via ads? Do they really need any advertisement, as every child knows about them?
Which Indian Facebook groups are popular for buying and selling things?
How do I remove the annoying bar of Direct/Your Story from showing up at the top of my news feed on Facebook?
What does it mean when a friend (boy) likes a picture from few months ago on Facebook?
How do I see all likers (people who have liked a page) on Facebook?
When someone mutes a conversation what does the other person see on Messenger?
How do I know who has shared a post I posted on my Facebook page?
How can I invite more than one Facebook friend to join a group?
Why did Facebook ask me if I knew a specific girl from the suggestion list?
How do I increase the spending limit of a Facebook page?
How can I sync Facebook birthdays to Google Calendar?
What are the best social media platforms for insurance?
Will blocking someone's phone block them through Facebook?
I'm planning to quit Facebook, what are the good and bad consequences that will follow?
Which is the best platform/CMS for creating a social network website just like Facebook?
Do Facebook friends receive my posts?
How am I able to change the event photo on Facebook?
How do I focus on study and stop using Facebook and stop playing Mini Militia?
What app has full page advertisements that pop up at random? The ads almost always lead to company Facebook pages. It does not show up in scans.
How can I apply an “I Love Mom” filter picture on Facebook?
How do I generate leads from Facebook, LinkedIn, etc. without using paid ads?
What would've been better for Snapchat's founders, an IPO or taking the $ 3 billion dollar offer from Facebook?
How do I respond if someone spells something wrong in their comment on Facebook?
How can I get the rights to my dead brother's Facebook page? I would like it to be changed to a memorial page, but I do not know how to do this.
If I were to start a Facebook group to discuss canonical events in Star Wars, how do I get people to join?
Has anyone on Quora recently deleted their Facebook account, and did doing so improve his/her quality of life?
Will your friend see your activity on Facebook Messenger when your messenger is running in the background?
Is the WhatsApp company under the Facebook company?
In what update where Facebook chat heads removed?
What should you say in your first chat with an unknown friend on Facebook if she is online?
How do you decide what Facebook friends requests or suggestions to accept?
Can I be notified if someone searches me or my Facebook page?
I know how to remove a trending topic on Facebook, but how do I get it back?
How can you see how long someone has been friends on Facebook?
What is the proper way to absorb an existing Facebook page when you acquire a business and location?
Is there a way to increase Facebook page likes or Twitter followers?
Why does the Messenger icon show blue even when it says the person is unavailable for calling?
What would happen if Facebook removed or hid the contact button from the Messenger app?
How do you hide your feed from other people on Instagram?
Is it possible to retrieve Facebook “secret conversations” encrypted messages from a person’s own mobile after deleting them?
Does Facebook have a special appeal to women?
How do my videos go live on Facebook?
Do you have to have Facebook to use Messenger?
Does Messenger tell you if your message request to a non-Facebook friend has been ignored? Answer with proper English, not fresh from Albania.
How can I see the full list of my read books on Facebook?
How is game theory used in real life applications by tech-companies such as Google, Facebook, Amazon, Microsoft and others?
I need to focus. How can I stop Messenger and all these apps that force me to receive messages and calls even when I block the notifications?
How do I gain access to a Facebook account that I have personal information on but no password?
Why have people started deleting their Facebook accounts?
I am trying to opening my Facebook account, but it reports an error due to some problem on the website. What does that mean?
What’s the most unique way to find socially influential students?
Is Facebook down? Getting an error saying "Sorry, something went wrong. We're working on it and we'll get it fixed as soon as we can."
How often are the Facebook Pixel events (stats) updated in the Facebook Ads Manager?
If I want to start up a social media site a little like Facebook, what is the easiest way to do it?
How many users access Facebook Live via mobile?
There is a lot of conflicting advice on Facebook ads. If there was any question you could ask about Facebook advertising, what would it be?
How much money should I invest per day in Facebook ads to promote a product if I'm doing dropshipping?
What makes someone choose one form of direct messaging over another? For example, why choose Facebook Messenger, Instagram Direct, Snap Direct, or WhatsApp?
Is it possible to create a Facebook page that searches and posts content by itself using Machine Learning or Deep Learning?
What happened to Facebook games?
How do I export a long Facbook comment thread into an editable format for publication? (Keeping the same "look" as the thread has on Facebook)
Facebook has disabled my account, and my phone number is lost. How do I recover it?
How long will it take to get hired by the Big 4 (Facebook, Google, Amazon, and Microsoft) from scratch?
How can I check whom my girlfriend has been talking with on Facebook?
How do I find the location of a Facebook user?
What is a Facebook pixel?
How do I update a blank status on Facebook?
What is the age to use Facebook?
What time is good to spam Facebook for my app?
Is there is any way to upload .mp3 files to Facebook and YouTube with fixed images with high resolution?
Can I send messages to more than one person at a time on Facebook? What happens when I do so?
How can I send more than 500 people an event invite on Facebook?
Does the League of Legends API give Facebook basic information associated with a player?
Does it affect anything on Facebook if I get blocked?
Can you hide a friend from your friends list?
Why would a boy who liked you unfriend you on Facebook?
Does Facebook have new rules about posting links to pages?
Is your Facebook cover image mobile friendly?
How do the telecom operators block WhatsApp and Facebook in Kashmir? Is it possible to bypass them via a VPN?
How can I see the timeline of the person who blocked me on Facebook?
Can a Facebook business manager account create a Facebook page?
How do I know if someone is stalking me on but anyway other than appearing in the people you may know list caus I've deleted him accidentally?
When will Facebook launch its augmented reality learning platform?
When do you think Facebook will launch its augmented reality social platform?
How do I check which Facebook friend requests I've declined?
What would Facebook look like if it didn't depend on our confirmation bias?
How could I find out the cost of a Facebook ad campaign that could reach 140,000 Facebook users in 1 year?
How do we post live video on Facebook from a mobile?
How do I go to my Facebook archive?
Is it good to provide prices when selling items on Facebook or not?
How do companies like Facebook, Google, and Microsoft hire employees?
Why won't Facebook load the remainder of the photo album instead of just giving me the spinning cursor?
How can you tell if someone is talking you privately on Messenger?
Is there any app which help us to see who has checked our WhatsApp and Facebook profile?
How do I allow my Facebook friends know I'm on Instagram?
My rapist has sent me a friend request like nothing happened for the 2nd time. What should I do?
How do I be famous in Facebook? And get a lot of followers?
I told my fiancée we shouldn't be friends on FB. Not for immoral reasons. Is this right thing to request if I need a little space?
What is the revenue model for Facebook games?
What is the best way to report a Facebook page with more than 100,000 followers, and is there a specific number of Facebook users to report it?
How can I automatically post on Facebook?
Facebook: How do I get auto-likes on a Facebook profile picture?
How do I find the location of a Facebook profile?
How are Facebook landing pages created?
What is the use of a hashtag in Facebook and Instagram while uploading a picture?
What happens to your Facebook account if you pass away?
How do I check my Facebook archive?
What are the products of Facebook? Why do they keep recruiting when their product is saturated?
Can I earn through Facebook pages?
How do I know whether my Facebook data engineer phone interview went good or bad?
How much should I charge a month to manage an Instagram and Facebook for a car dealership? I will report analytics, create original content, and run sponsored ads on both platforms.
How famous do I need to be to get my Facebook profile verified?
How do you spot a fake Facebook email?
What is the simplest way to share an FB video to a non-FB user?
What will be Facebook's next step after a report of an account hack is made? How long does it take? What is Facebook’s customer care number (India), if one exits?
Which is the minimum age to use Facebook?
Why won't Facebook load complete photo albums, it just has a spinning cursor?
During Facebook’s startup, did Mark Zuckerberg write all the code in one language, or did he know most of the languages at that time which are being used, today?
How do I hire Facebook ads?
How long does WhatsApp keep deleted photographs on their servers, or does WhatsApp keep deleted media?
How can I show offline on FB Messenger but still be online?
What caused the failure of Orkut and the success of Facebook?
If you could show just one page of your daily diary from your entire life to your love, which page would it be?
How do I flower react on Facebook?
What are “autolikes” in Facebook?
What would Magic Leap do if Avegant & Microsoft teamed up to make a light field HoloLens?
How accurate is the Facebook audience size meter?
After a relationship ends, do you block or unfriend the ex on Facebook?
Where can I find someone to help me get my hacked Facebook ID back? I don’t even know the email.
How do I get my old Facebook account I deleted back?
What is the use of a hashtag on Facebook or Instagram when uploading an image?
How is Facebook reading my iMessages?
How do I guess if a data engineer phone interview for Facebook went good or bad?
Is having a Facebook account cut off worth sharing your ID?
Why is Facebook all of a sudden filled with video's is it losing its charm?
Can I see who someone's chatting with on Messenger?
Do people hack Facebook or Google to fix bugs? Or is there any other way to fix it legally?
How do I fathom if a Facebook phone interview went good or bad?
How can I download Facebook videos in an Andriod phone?
How many people or companies are working on trying to unseat Facebook as the dominant social media platform?
What BlueKai data does Facebook collect? Are they cookies-based?
Can I see “last seen” on Messenger if I am not her friend on Facebook?
Should I discuss politics on Facebook?
Why do people get offended in Facebook's comment section easily?
Why doesn’t my Facebook message to someone have blue ticks, even if he is online?
How do I update my profile picture and name on messenger?
How can I get deleted WhatsApp and Facebook messages through someone's phone?
Can I integrate Facebook to run adverts on my social network website? If yes, how?
A friend started popping my chat bar, I didnt check her profile or messaged her, Does that mean that mean she checked my profile?
Which is the best Facebook group auto poster?
How does Facebook display what your friends have liked?
To what extent do adults practice their freedom of expression on Facebook?
What are the names of websites to be used instead of wasting my time on Facebook?
Why does Facebook allow livestreaming?
Why are my Facebook page posts not going to Twitter?
What does it mean if my Messenger message was sent but not delivered?
Is WhatsApp more secure than Facebook?
Why would someone who's not in my friend list show up in Facebook quiz results?
What will happen if a rule is made to link your social account (Facebook, Twitter, Quora, etc.) to your Aadhaar card?
Why are these companies paying such huge amounts to their interns?
How do I get fake followers on a Facebook fan page?
Does Facebook allow businesses/startups to sell FB accounts or pages for automatic backup services?
Which font did Facebook use for their F8 2017 keynote?
How can I get the blue mark on my Facebook profile?
Can Quora be an alternative to Facebook and Twitter for students?
How do you remove pictures from Facebook?
What can I do to counter all the fake Facebook accounts and bots spreading fake news?
Why can't I convert my Facebook profile into a page?
Why do people still use Facebook? Why don't they try Masspal?
Would it be better for a website that promotes local events to have one Facebook page for each city or a single page for the entire business?
How do I create a blog in a group as my business Facebook page?
What is the best reply if a stranger abuses me on Facebook?
Is there a way to tell what targeting options people are using to serve you a specific Facebook ad?
How many likes do I have to have on Facebook to make money?
How do you know if you have posted an inappropriate status to Facebook?
Can I get million likes on my Facebook page?
Can I get on Facebook without anyone knowing?
I followed a person accidentally and then unfollowed them on Facebook. Will they receive a notification​?
Will it ring if you call someone on Facebook Messenger if that someone is on a call?
How do companies like Google, Yahoo, Facebook, etc. store data so that the data is preserved even after their storage drives crash/fail?
How can Facebook choose people to show you in 'people you may know'?
How do I make a page on Facebook where I can sell handicrafts?
How can I appear online on Facebook every time?
How do I take a cool Facebook profile picture?
How can I find who I have friended on Facebook?
How do we scale our current 13 Adsets Facebook (13 ads) targeting the same audience optimized by FB?
I spent $12 per day for 3 days on Facebook ads, which got me 300 website views per day, but no sales; should I end the campaign or spend more?
How can I download a GIF from Facebook?
How can I report hacking on Facebook?
How can I see who looked at my Facebook profile?
What is the process large product organizations go through to prioritize initiatives?
If a company’s Facebook posts are not being shown, what can the company do to be seen by more of its fans?
Can we find our lookalike on Facebook?
Can I download 2 Facebook app?
Is there any way to see older passwords list in Facebook?
What is the best way to have Many folowers on Facebook group?
How do you feel when you are at home and see a pictures of a group of friends on Facebook or Instagram?
How do people put special effect on live Facebook videos?
How does geolocation work on popular websites like Google, Facebook, and YouTube?
How does Facebook choose who shows up in the chat sidebar? What does the green light mean?
Which has more impact on daily life: Facebook or Quora?
Why do people air their bad feelings towards a friend or relative on Facebook?
How can I view an old message from Facebook that I already deleted?
How do I stop overusing Facebook and Instagram? I keep on scrolling through them, even though I need to stop.
If most Hindus & Muslims post good things about each other on Quora, then why are there hate speech, hate comments & hate videos on YouTube & Facebook?
How do I log into my Facebook account if I don't know my password or the password to the email I signed in with?
How do I change my friend’s profile pic on any of his accounts (Gmail, Facebook, or WhatsApp) without using his password or knowledge - just for fun?
Can a candidate go through multiple recruiters for Facebook or Google at the same time? Do they see each other's candidate history?
Why doesn't Facebook come up with (write) its own operating system?
Who are the 10 best Facebook bloggers on weight loss?
Can you explain these conflicting Facebook video metrics?
Why does Facebook change my white image border to off-white/yellow?
How do I change my birth date on my Facebook profile?
What are other sites you can start a group on besides Facebook?
Why does Facebook keep asking for documents, when I already submitted documents 2 times?
How can I log in to FB without a password or an email?
How is Facebook gaining ground in the display advertising market?
Someone is using my photo and created a fake Facebook account. What should I do?
Is it better to work as an analyst at Facebook or Amazon? What's the strongest brand in the CV?
Is there a grand piano at Facebook's Menlo Park campus?
Why do people not like Mark Zuckerberg?
How can I hide my Facebook activity from my girlfriend?
How do I stop people suggestion on Facebook?
Is Facebook really helpful and necessary for a CSE student?
Facebook is not responding to my ID verification for the last 1.5 years. What can I do?
Is there any way to block the ads from playing between Facebook videos?
What will be happen with Facebook in future, let's say in two or five years?
Can Facebook be defeated by a new company? If yes, how? If no, why not?
Why is there partiality on Facebook?
I have my Facebook account scheduled for permanent deletion . Is there anyway I can log into messenger without pushing my deletion date back?
Are some girls who are tired of FB and Instagram, now using Quora just to share their pictures? They can skip those stupid questions but they don't. Why?
Will this Facebook advertisement be less expensive if I remove the "sign up" button?
Why do some developers at very large tech companies like Google and Facebook write poor software?
What's the most interesting social media post you've ever seen?
How do I login to my Facebook account if I have lost access to the phone number to which the two factor authentication code will be sent?
Is there any Tamilian working in Facebook, Google and Microsoft?
Which AI company is acquired by Facebook recently to grow its chatbot market against API.AI?
How would you know if your call had been rejected on Facebook Messenger?
Why would Facebook use SurveyMonkey when it already has a giant user base to send surveys to?
What language is Facebook Android app written in?
When you block someone on Facebook, can you still see the profile of the person he/she is in a relationship with (on mobile)?
What is the average click per impression for Facebook ads?
Why do people post their status on Facebook as “Watching Bahubali 2"?
Why am I not getting Facebook messages from people who are not on my Friends list?
How I can log in Facebook without log in approval?
What's stopping Facebook from building their own search engine and/or browser?
How come I cannot friend request someone on Facebook?
How can I know the address of a person doing Facebook?
Can a message on Facebook be traced back to me if I used a fake profile?
Facebook was created as a desktop version and uses a MySQL database, then they made a phone version (iOS, Android). How do they use the MySQL database in iOS or Android to recognize their users?
Does Quora sell data to Facebook?
Is there a way to download a video from Facebook which have been removed?
Why is Amazon and Facebook going out of business?
Is it possible to fall in love with someone over Facebook?
How do I get a Facebook notification of non-friend people?
How do I earn via Facebook and Instagram pages, likes, etc.?
How do I earn via Facebook and Instagram pages?
What are some interesting secret Facebook groups?
Is it wrong to brag on Facebook page about your company's projects?
What are some smart ways of purging one's Facebook friends list without coming across as a jackass?
How can I find someone using my Facebook without my knowledge?
How can I know if a post of a Facebook page is an ad or not?
Is Facebook liking a page for me without my permission?
How can I allow everyone to like my photos on Facebook?
How is the "People You May Know" feature useful for companies like Facebook and LinkedIn? How does it bring additional revenue to those companies?
How do you find a person’s Facebook page or wall?
How do I use Facebook links on LinkedIn?
Is it possible to get a Facebook blue badge on a media page with 3.9k likes?
If some people blocked me on FB Messenger, can I block them, too?
Does Facebook use Node.js at all?
How can anyone give up the addiction of Facebook?
Which are the informative apps that I can use instead of wasting my time on FB, Insta or WhatsApp?
When did Facebook become irrelevant?
Why don’t I get likes on Facebook?
We are not Facebook friends anymore, but we do have preexisting conversations from when we were. I sent the message two days ago and it still says "sent" but not "delivered.” Will he be able to read it?
How do I set up a WhatsApp group so that only the administrator can see incoming messages and, when posting them out, all the participants are able to see them?
Do your Facebook friends know what groups you join?
Why does Facebook update its APK every other day?
How do I find someone with a fake Facebook account and email?
If I confirm a relationship request on Facebook, will it show on everyone's feed?
I created a Facebook account when I was 11 years old, but now I'm 15 years old. Would it be a good idea to change the year I was born from 1992 to 2002?
How do websites like Quora or Facebook handle so much user requests?
Does Facebook or any other social media site monitor our everyday life?
Has anyone hacked the Facebook website and wrote his own content?
Which app is used to make pamphlets or photos to post on Facebook or social media?
Why don’t my social apps, Facebook, and WhatsApp remain connected to the internet? Every time I have to turn the mobile data off and then on to get notifications.
Can I view all of a specific Tumblr account’s posts, comments, replies, and likes?
Can someone know if I save any of their Facebook photos on my phone?
Why isn't Facebook Group app loading? When will this problem be solved?
Can I talk to somebody in Hong Kong using Facebook Messenger?
Do cricketers have their own FB IDs?
Is it fine that I'm not checking my boyfriend's Facebook and WhatsApp?
How do I use the same WebHook for multiple messenger apps/bots?
What is the meaning of :D :V in Facebook?
Do my friends know if I look at someone's Facebook from my friend's Facebook account?
How do the companies like Google and Facebook recruit, and how can you know their exam dates?
How can I log in to Gmail or Facebook knowing only my username using an inspect element?
Which is the post on Facebook from personal account containing maximum likes in the world?
Have you ever reached the end of your Facebook news feed?
Are these Facebook apps unsafe?
Where on Facebook Messenger can I find the date I blocked someone?
What are some of the cutest Facebook proposals?
Do you think the Logical Indian Facebook page is anti Hindu?
Will Facebook survive once the US gets rid of net neutrality?
Someone I know posted pictures of me on Facebook. What can I do about it? Facebook has not responded to my complaints about this. Who polices FB?
Can you get the phone number of a friend just by using the Messenger info?
Why can I not unblock someone from my Facebook?
In a Facebook post, someone referred to Obama as Diaper Boy. What is that?
How can I see when I was last logged in on my PicsArt account?
How do I edit my comment below a post on Facebook, but have it show as the original comment and not an edit?
What would happen if it is compulsory and a must for everyone to own a Facebook account?
How can I see who my girlfriend is talking to when using messenger and private messenger?
Why doesn't Facebook buy Snapchat?
How do you tell if someone is declining your call on FB messenger or just not answering?
How can Facebook Live improve to prevent shocking live streams?
I have deactivated my Facebook account. I did this on my phone. But I can still log back in. Does this mean my account is not deleted properly?
How important are software patents to a new Facebook or Google?
When will Facebook decide to deprecate stories?
Do you think Snapchat will last?
Is it possible to access a Facebook account with two different passwords?
What is the perfect budget strategy for Facebook ads if I'm doing dropshipping?
Is there a jailbreak tweak on iPhone to remove Facebook app news feed?
What's the difference between Facebook and YouTube in terms of their ad releasing strategy?
How could they create Facebook?
Do you think Quora is more addictive than Facebook and Instagram?
Is it legal for someone to keep a deceased family member's profile on Facebook active after that person has died without noting it in their profile?
What is/are the best programming language/s to learn, if you want to work in Facebook or Google?
How do I add a community tab on my Facebook page?
Why should I verify my Facebook account?
How do Twitter, FB, Instagram, LinkedIn, etc. interconnect? If you hashtag something, does the whole post show up on Twitter?
What is the good post for Facebook?
Someone has hacked my Facebook account and posted something obscene. I want to change the password, but forgot my present password. How do I change it?
How can I find out my friend’s Facebook password without her knowing?
Does Facebook prefer to hire developers who are active on Facebook as users?
Can someone possibly get a notification if Iook at their Facebook a lot on my account?
Do China and Russia have their own version of Facebook?
Is Facebook useless for students?
What’s a nice and appropriate comment for a girl's photo on Facebook?
How can I find out when and where a Facebook account was created?
Can I bring down Facebook accounts with DDoS?
How can we see someone’s Facebook profile if they have blocked us?
Why are most Indians making LinkedIn into another Facebook?
One of my questions is not on my questions list but can be found on a Quora search with my name credited. What happened?
Does Facebook monitor our everyday life?
If Facebook, Snapchat, or one of the other big social media websites went out of business, what would happen to all of the data they've collected?
Does Facebook feel a long-term threat to its viability and brand? Does it recognize that emerging social media platforms are stealing market share?
How do you add a countdown to a Facebook page?
How can one generate leads through Instagram and Facebook?
How do I get access to someone else’s Facebook account?
Do people care about "likes" on their posts on social networks, like Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, etc.?
Can you see when a friend has viewed your Facebook?
Why do you have to wait 48 hours to unblock someone on Facebook?
What would happen if Facebook is globally banned?
Why can't I see the details of someone who is not my friend and who was last active on Messenger?
What could products from Google, Facebook, and Quora do differently if they were available as native desktop apps rather than only in the browser?
Do guys check their other messages when they have a crush on any stranger and they expect that stranger to message them on Facebook?
Can being active on Messenger also mean someone is scrolling through their feed or watching videos, etc.?
How do I tell my autistic brother that he will never become a programmer at Google or Facebook, etc.?
Why did my Facebook Dynamic Ads Campaign stop being delivered?
How do I find out the email address associated with a Facebook account?
Is it true that you can see who visited your Facebook profile by seeing their IDs in View Source?
Can you get old Facebook messenger messages recovered somehow?
It is unpolite to add someone you don't know on Facebook?
How do I unblock a message from a friend on Facebook after deleting the conversations?
Why am I being asked to add someone to a Facebook group?
How can I see who has blocked me on Facebook?
How can I edit my cover photo on Facebook?
How does someone hide their green dot on Messenger, but still say active now?
Why can’t other websites like Facebook be made?
How do I make YouTube views increase with Facebook?
A family member sent me a friend request on Facebook, should I add them?
What are best marketing models for video tagging applications like Facebook photo tagging which you can tag people in a video?
How can I block Facebook’s ads review system?
How do I create a culture of stop asking use case?
Which is the best work app to work with my team: Facebook Workplace or Slack?
Which programming languages were used to create Quora, Facebook, Paytm, Flipkart, Amazon, Twitter and Gmail respectively?
What is the architecture of a Facebook Messenger extension?
Is there any Facebook or WhatsApp group for law aspirants?
Can I see whether someone views my Facebook account a lot?
How do online portals like Amazon and Facebook get people's money in their pockets technically?
Where do I find information or someone with experience on how to migrate a personal FB profile to a business profile page?
How can I send a messenger invite if I'm blocked from FB?
What are some of the epic FB posts?
How do you see videos on Facebook with your phone?
How can I contact Facebook or YouTube for a business offer? Is it possible at all for a startup? Thanks ahead.
How can I make Google photos my default download location for Chrome, Facebook and Twitter photos?
How can I collect posts from public Facebook pages related to a specific topic?
How do I turn off the message preview from the Facebook Messenger app in iOS 10.3?
Is it possible to hide "active k minutes ago" on Facebook Messenger?
Is it possible to hack Facebook online?
Do Periscope and Facebook give an advantage to people to talk about anything they want indirectly rather than face to face?
Can I go live on Facebook and Twitter with only my computer, as I have no other devices?
Why has Facebook not acquired TripAdvisor yet?
What should I comment on my boyfriend's photo on Facebook?
Is it true that Facebook earns more money by advertisement rather than through its application and products?
How do I apply for a violet video reader on Facebook?
What is the billing threshold on Facebook, and why do they charge extra?
What Facebook groups is the best for business owners?
There are so many ads about the ‘No. 1 Internet Marketing/Marketer’ on Facebook. Which one is the most reliable and true?
How can I know anyone’s Facebook password?
How do I make a Facebook Messenger QR code?
Do Google, Apple, and Facebook hire Qt/C++ engineers?
How can I get more GoFundMe page views? I have shared with all Facebook friends and Twitter.
If someone's Facebook posts are not shareable and they wish to change this, what do they do?
How do you find videos on Facebook?
Is it possible to partner with a Facebook page with lakhs of likes for the promotion of my website in return for 20% of my AdSense income?
Why can't I connect my Facebook account to Twitter?
Are Facebook and Instagram statistics about a promoted post really true?
Why do my questions not show up on my page?
Is Facebook’s marketing unreliable?
How and on what basis do people get their Twitter/Facebook/Instagram accounts verified?
Can anyone post pictures of me on social media without my consent?
Does Netflix sell your viewing data to Facebook and Instagram?
Why doesn't YouTube hire IITians like Google or Facebook?
How does Facebook keep track of which people have seen a post in a group?
How do I know if I’m blocked on Messenger?
How do I open my old Facebook account if I forgot my password and email address?
How can I make direct contact with Facebook help and support?
How can we know when a person logs into Facebook?
Is there an app or a script that will give you notifications about the activity of your "close friends," like what Facebook used to give, e.g., when they comment?
How do I integrate Facebook Pixel with TheBookingButton?
What database or storage is used by Facebook to store its live streaming data?
Do people use WhatsApp in Switzerland?
How do I get unlimited likes on Facebook?
Should I stop using Facebook?
Why are some photos invisible in Facebook albums?
How can I talk to Facebook for help?
I have an author page at Amit Ahlawat. I keep my audience updated on it, however the page shows very low levels of audience engagement. How can I improve?
Could I say that " I'm the upcoming Mark Zuckerberg " to Mark Zuckerberg?
Can you delete a group on Facebook?
How does Facebook’s 360 degree camera work?
Is there any real hacking of Facebook?
What is the use of Facebook to Mark Zuckerberg?
How can I get my chat back after I deleted it from my Facebook messenger?
Why did the icon marketplace on my Facebook account suddenly disappear?
How can we counter a point where someone says its not a bad thing (could be anything like, social networking etc.) in itself if it's used properly?
How do I see if I'm on a person’s WhatsApp on Facebook?
How can (and should) I tell my friend to stop oversharing on Facebook?
Can I share a video from Facebook to WhatsApp directly?
Is it common for Facebook and Google users to distrust the companies and feel helpless about it?
Facebook and Instagram's new algorithms make social marketing impossible without money. What's the next frontier of free social marketing?
How can I recover a Facebook account if I have forgotten my password as well as the email address and the phone number linked to it?
If I re-upload a video on Facebook and tag the source, would that consider as a copyright issue?
Why are there less number of likes on Quora's posts on Facebook?
What is Facebook Audience Network?
How can I get into someone else's Facebook?
Does Facebook keep a permanent record of their user's entire Activity Log, even once the users delete their activity/search history?
How do I bring down Facebook ads cost?
How do police deal with cases related to Facebook IDs that were deleted 2 years ago?
Is there anyone who can share the names of big bloggers who specialize in Facebook marketing and Facebook ads in the U.S.?
Can you use replies from your Facebook posts in a printed media without any intellectual property issues?
Is it possible to make money through troll pages / Facebook troll pages?
Why is there so much offensive material on Facebook?
How do I restore my old Facebook account if I forgot my password and email address?
Other than Amazon, Facebook, etc., what are some other big companies that use mergers and acquisitions as part of their growth strategy?
Why can't I access Facebook for Messenger apps while in Messenger since the newest update?
What does it mean when you get “has accepted your request on Messenger”, but you have talked before?
Should I run more than one campaign for the same target at one time on Facebook?
Is there a way to find abandoned Facebook pages?
How do I create a contest on a Facebook page?
How can one make sure that his/her comments are only visible to the initiator of the post?
Does Facebook pay for its users to create a page or a group? If yes, then how much?
When Mircosoft paid 240 million for 1.6% of Facebook how did that value Facebook at $15 billion?
How I can follow my Facebook's friends here?
How do we integrate Facebook with CI?
What are the pros and cons of a only using Facebook for a business’ online presence?
Is there any automated way to reply on Facebook comments?
How does Facebook know who my associates are?
How do you use a Facebook Pixel to create a custom audience of everyone who visits your website if it's installed on multiple websites?
Should YouTube adopt Facebook's 6 reaction buttons?
What version of the Tim Farron and voter story (4/5/17) is on your Facebook feed?
Have you ever reached a customer service representative with Facebook, for help with your Facebook business page?
How can I place ads on TrueCaller through Facebook?
How can one generate leads for art products through Instagram and Facebook?
Should I open my girlfriend’s FB account?
How can I create the next big company like Facebook, Google, Apple, with a social purpose without having adequate technical skills?
How can I share my responses without seeing other replies?
What is the basic difference between Facebook and other social sites which makes Facebook very much popular and others not?
Is it possible to merge a restaurant FB page with a musician FB page?
I'm an admin on a Facebook page. How do I "like" a comment on my page posts as that page?
Is there a way of cross posting images on multiple Facebook pages?
What does it mean when the little blue icon stays white with a check mark on Messenger?
Can I add her on Facebook without asking?
How do I increase a Facebook fan page’s organic likes?
How do I save campaigns in Facebook Ads Manager?
Is there a way, in 2017, to import Facebook comments (from a blog post with Facebook comments) to the original WordPress comment system or Disqus?
When will moderated sites like Facebook, Quora, etc., acknowledge that posts in denial of anthropogenic global warming are essentially fake news?
How does someone react when their Facebook account is hacked?
How do I make payments for Facebook sponsored posts through Paytm?
Who handles Prabhas' Facebook account?
How can I get more likes in Facebook group?
Does Facebook allow external companies to provide interactive embeds on their feed?
Can I hire someone to make me famous on Instagram or Facebook? If yes, then how do I find them?
Facebook unpublished my page because of a false copyright report. Facebook accepted the report was false but will not re-publish my page. What now?
How much is spent on Facebook advertising, on average, by a small scale business?
How many customers does Facebook have?
How do I find potential terrorists by analyzing their Facebook activity?
How do I promote a URL shortening website via AdWords, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.?
Where can I find someone who can help me spy on my spouse’s Facebook and text messages without his knowledge?
Can I see if I'm in someone's top six Facebook friends list?
How do I put a text notification on my Instagram and Facebook pages?
How can I get my pic deleted from Facebook?
How do I see other people’s messages on Facebook Messenger?
Does anybody use the autoliker for FB and feel content with it? Why or why not?
How do I get rid of a Facebook and Twitter addiction?
How do I get 5000 Facebook friend requests in one day?
In WordTornado, in the game room on Facebook, how do I type the letters instead of dragging them when I am on my laptop?
What can I do to resize an event photo to fit on a Facebook page, if I don't have Photoshop? Is there any way to do it online for free?
Why was WhatsApp valuable enough for Facebook to buy it?
How can I access my ex girlfriends Facebook from my iPhone when she is in a different state?
How do I find out who has seen my comments on a photo on Facebook?
How do you place a countdown clock on a Facebook page?
Is there any way I could find who visits my Facebook profile for free?
Is the Facebook automation tool www.fbmarketingautomation.com any good?
How I can undo my deleted chats on Facebook?
How can I collect the materials of a project in one place to be available for the other members without using Facebook?
Can we track a person's Facebook profile by copying their Facebook profile link?
Why did Facebook change the UI for changing profile pictures?
How do I remove the phone number from my FB account?
Who according to you is the most unbiased and intelligent Facebook page admin?
How do you remove the block list on Facebook? I don't want to unblock the users, I just don't want to see them on the list and on Facebook.
Can depression patients sue Facebook?
How many accounts has Facebook disabled?
How can we earn money through Facebook in India?
Should Facebook, Google and others be banned?
Why does Facebook tell me that I have 4 new views when I cannot even see who viewed my profile and what do I do with these notifications?
What kinds of apps and software do Facebook and Microsoft buy?
How do we grow our first 10K subscribers in YouTube, Facebook page, and Twitter effectively?
Should I start up a sales website or do I create a Facebook page and sell the product there, mainly to save cost?
Where did Twitter go wrong that Facebook didn't?
Why would someone friend request you on Facebook then pretend they didn't?
Do questions on Quora such as "what are you wearing right now?” likely indicate the 'Facebook crowd' is infesting Quora?
Facebook is hiring 3,000 to review videos of crime and suicide. Would you consider applying for this type of job and if yes, how would you cope?
The Facebook social login API was having issues earlier. Is the social login for Facebook and/or Google working now for e-commerce sites?
How do I view the older Facebook settings?
Can I link more than one Facebook account to one Instagram account?
How can I remove a green dot from Facebook?
Which is the best social media site: Facebook or Google+?
Do you think Quora will soon run promotions on paid advertisements from businesses just like Facebook to build revenue?
How can I apply for Facebook’s new 3000 live-streaming monitoring jobs?
Do I get calls from Facebook Ads?
Which is the best free Facebook lead management software?
Is Quora's marketing team not as good as Facebook's marketing team?
Why was the Note feature in Facebook scrapped?
Is there a similar thing as Activity Log from Facebook on Quora? Can I see the posts I upvoted?
How do I retrieve my Facebook friend list?
Is it a crime to hack a Facebook account?
How can I edit a Facebook post?
How can I browse Facebook anonymously?
Is there any plugin to video block from Facebook apart from its default settings?
Why is WhatsApp down right now (May 4, IST)?
How do I see other people’s messages on Messenger?
Which is safer for my site, Facebook login API or my own code for login/signup?
If someone deactivates his account on Facebook, then will his number be visible to his friends?
How long does Facebook take to verify one’s ID?
How can an African apply for the, 3000 live streaming monitoring jobs at Facebook?
How can I advertise my Facebook page free of cost on Facebook?
What are Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube's target audiences for Googly Balloon Game?
Would a web/mobile developer interview at Facebook/Instagram require heavy ds & algorithms?
Should I add a guy I like on Facebook?
Whenever I try to send a message to my friend on FB messenger, it never gets sent. I see only a red icon in a circle. Why is this happening? Am I being blocked?
Is there a tutorial for making a Facebook chat bot triggered by a page's post comments?
How can I know about Facebook audience targeting?
Should I promote my YouTube channel or Facebook page (related to my business) first, or enrich the page/channel content first, then start to promote?
Can WhatsApp be hacked with a Facebook password?
How do I remove phone number from my Facebook account?
Is it normal to brag about your academic grades on social media sites like Facebook?
Who are the people behind faking news Facebook page?
How do I find potential customers (for x) based on their Facebook activity?
I deactivated my account. Will she still get my message?
If Pokémon trainers had social media (for simplicity, let's say Twitter or Facebook), what would they post?
Why do some follow unknown people on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and what is their actual intention?
Can I block or filter words on Facebook reviews?
Why do internet providers want to block Facebook once net neutrality is gone in the US?
If we make a picture that we are tagged in our profile picture on Facebook, will the existing likes add up to our profile picture?
Why is it best to use old pictures for our profile image?
What are the allegations against Mark Zuckerberg in the social network movie?
Facebook updates its Android and iOS application without an update from the App Store or Play Store. How is this possible? Is it a hybrid-using web?
How much stock have Facebook employees received as of 2010?
How do I store data in Android when the user is registered with Google/Facebook?
How do I appeal Facebook blocking outgoing links to my website?
What might a Facebook advertiser attempt to sell a suicidal teenager?
What happened to the Facebook Affinity Score?
Why is a friend always stalking me on Facebook but rarely likes my posts?
If 2 Facebook accounts have been deleted permanently, then what will happen to the chat conversations, including photos, between those 2 accounts?
I have two accounts linked on Messenger. Will it show active for both accounts even when only one account is being used?
My Facebook profile isn't going public even though my settings are all set to everyone. Is there a way to force it to go public?
How do I share a Laravel 5 blog post (custom title, image, URL, and summary) on Facebook?
Why do Facebook notifications still make sounds even after I turn off "Play a sound when each new notification is received"?
How can I send Facebook notifications to other Facebook users?
How is it to be at Facebook, Google, Microsoft, or Apple as an intern?
If you decline a message request on Facebook Messenger, can that person send you another message request?
Why do my friends’ profiles show eight pictures of their friends?
How can you go into a person's page that blocked you?
How do I get back into my Facebook account if someone changed my password?
Can someone who has access to my Facebook password and telephone number check my account?
Are there any Facebook pages like TheBetterIndia?
Is there a way to upload a video with a photo album on Facebook?
Do you know any pages on Facebook for crazy commercial ideas?
How did I show up on Facebook’s Nearby Friends?
What are the benefits of Facebook?
Is it safe to link Facebook with instaGC?
I deactivated my Roku. How do I reactivate it?
How do I add other social network links to my Facebook bio?
Is there a way to automatically remove all tags of someone on my Facebook page? I have deleted all 'couple' photos of my ex and I don’t need to block.
How do pages like "did you know" get likes on their Facebook page?
What is the salary for interns at Facebook in 2017?
What does it mean on Facebook Messenger when the status says active a minute or minutes ago, but the color green indicator does not show?
Can an engineering fresher student do a job at Facebook?
What do you think of Facebook's improved Marketplace?
Why is there no rival app for Facebook?
What is the the structure of Facebook iOS and Android application?
How do I prevent my Facebook fan page from being unpublished?
How can you make a wink symbol on Facebook?
How does performance change with percent of lookalike change in Facebook audiences?
Is there anyone on Quora who uses Facebook frequently but still maintains a good code of conduct throughout his day?
Is social media like Facebook good for your own development?
Is Quora addictive like Facebook and other social sites?
How is Facebook Marketplace doing compared to Craigslist (May 2017)?
Are the images sent over FB secure?
If Mark Zuckerberg became president, would he be consider the most powerful man alive?
Should I create a separate account for my company on likedin?
How do I prevent my Facebook fan page from getting unpublished after merging?
What is the best Facebook auto-like software?
How do I know if someone I am not friends with on Facebook received my message on Messenger?
How do I get a job with Google or Facebook if I am from India?
How can I stop or mute a Facebook video embedded via JavaScript SDK on my own page (my page is in my own domain)?
Who can see comments written on Facebook pages of celebrities?
Does YouTube video View count include views from Facebook shares and website embeds?
Do media organisations receive any revenue from Facebook/Twitter for providing them with a newsfeed?
What does it mean on Facebook Messenger when the status says active a minute or x minutes ago but the green icon is off?
It has been a month since I used Facebook and WhatsApp. Will this have any effect on me?
Are customers more likely to purchase a product after seeing it on Facebook or Instagram?
Why is Facebook not showing me how long my friend has not been active?
How can I replicate dynamically Facebook Post comments on a Wordpress article?
How can I remove a comment on Facebook?
Why do people only send happy and travelling photos on WhatsApp and Facebook? Why don’t they also send some when they are going through some bad phase?
What are your views on the logical Indian Facebook page?
How do I write great content for my fan page?
Will you feel jealous if your boyfriend gives love reacts on Facebook to photos of other women?
Can you see your Facebook password on messenger?
How can we disrupt Facebook, Snapchat, Instagram, and Twitter?
Why will Facebook be blocked once net neutrality is gone?
Why does Facebook keep rejecting my ad?
How do I promote home business in Facebook?
Can I get another email address on the same account for my Facebook account?
What is the ad budget for Facebook?
How often and for what type of posts do you use Facebook?
What is Facebook's code review process like?
How can I read my husband's FB's secret conversation messages without his knowledge and without any password, and how do I open it in my mobile?
What percent of Messenger users are English speaking?
How do the Facebook, WhatsApp, and Instagram applications make money?
Who can find out a person behind a fake Facebook account?
Why is my ad placement on Facebook smaller than my mobile ad placement?
Why do I get suggestions of my contacts on Facebook when I have not linked my phone number to the account?
Has Google or Facebook ever recruited KIIT students?
What are the advanced features of Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter?
How can I copy my FB page link?
China's protective market has created competitors to Google, FB and Amazon. Should other countries follow so as to cultivate homegrown companies?
Will a green dot appear next to a friend’s name if they aren't active on Messenger?
What can I announce on Facebook to let my friends and family know that I’m a real estate agent and would like them to hire me?
Is it possible to get someone else's messages from Facebook Messenger?
Who is managing the Bangalore City Police’ Facebook page?
How do I invite (add) people to my business page/group on Facebook if I am not connected with them on Facebook?
What is Facebook's Jest project?
What is the process of getting business page verification tick on Facebook?
How do I send Facebook to WeChat?
Why do people, my so-called friends on Facebook, ignore me?
How can I see my wife’s FB messages?
Can anybody help? My Facebook account was hacked.
Why did Zuckerberg start Facebook?
Why is Facebook business page taking more than 1 week to approve the products?
Will Facebook be interesting if I have no known friends?
What are some Facebook or Google Plus groups and communities where I can promote my spa, which also gives massages?
How can I get 1,000 Facebook likes for my page?
How much should I charge to manage an Instagram and a Facebook page?
Do the number of views shown on our stats page include views from outside sources such as Google, Facebook, etc.?
What does the Facebook app Katana do?
Why is Facebook not attacking and cloning musical.ly like Snapchat in the US?
Is it possible to fetch other users’ data from Tumblr?
What does the thumbs up sticker in Facebook messenger mean?
How can I broadcast live IPL matches on my Facebook page?
Is it possible to trace someone's IP chatting on Facebook?
Do Facebook or Instagram use Firebase?
Why do other social media companies not create revolutionary tech like Facebook does?
How much does Google, Facebook and Microsoft earn from India?
Which credit card should be best for boosting posts in Facebook?
Why can I not accept more than 5000 friends on Facebook?
Does the FCC regulate the Facebook videos?
What are the best uses or features of Facebook?
How important is it in 2017 to let users login to a new app via their Facebook account?
How do entrepreneurs like Tim Cook and Mark Zuckerberg sleep only a few hours and remain completely awake the rest of the day?
Among Google, Apple, Facebook, Amazon and Microsoft, which one gets more information about users?
How do I make best use of Facebook?
How do I view my Instagram activity on Facebook?
What is the best payment method for Facebook ads from Nepal?
Which one is more addictive: Quora or Facebook?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg taking a tour of the whole USA?
Someone sent me a message and a friend request. I deleted the friend request. Does that delete the message also?
How can I get that blue tick on my official fb page?
Is Facebook interesting for BtoB marketers?
How am I supposed to help a friend whose Facebook account has been hacked?
Why doesn't Facebook or Google provide free Internet to poor people?
I am dreadfully provoked. How do I trigger a shocking amount of destruction in a lawsuit against Facebook, on a very low budget?
How much does a social media agencies charge?
What policies/restrictions exist around paying people to post to their Facebook, Instagram and Twitter timelines?
I'm trying to cause a shocking amount of destruction by suing Facebook ($20B). As a Nigerian, how do I bring this lawsuit to fruition?
When did Google, Microsoft, and Facebook get serious about machine learning?
How can a 2nd-year college dropout get a good job at YouTube, Facebook or Google, with only Ruby as a primary language?
What is the difference between Facebook addicts and Quora addicts?
How can I go on my messanger without opening my Facebook account?
How will you describe personalities of people using Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, WhatsApp, Snapchat and Quora?
Why would I get a push notification if one of my connections liked a post (not my post) on LinkedIn?
Is there a way to get the Audience Insights from the Facebook pages of my competitors?
Is it possible to fetch other users data from Tumblr using R?
Why does Facebook keep lying about new notifications?
Why doesn’t Mark Zuckerberg write on Quora?
How can I find my first Facebook?
What does Mark Zuckerberg do as he works 60 hours per week? Does he code or go to meetings and stuff?
What was your reason for deactivating Facebook forever?
How do I show my workplace on my Facebook profile?
What if India bans Facebook, LinkedIn, Google and Quora?
Does my Instagram activity show up on Facebook?
Which website carries the most current information on Facebook marketing?
Did Mark Zuckerberg revolutionize artificial intelligence by creating Jarvis?
On Facebook, can hidden friends still show up as "people you know?"
Is posting a photo with a celebrity a violation of Facebook community standards, especially when they agreed to be photoed but are unaware of its use?
What happens to the articles saved in Evernote and Pocket if the original page gets deleted?
Why can’t people mention me in comments on Facebook? They have tried using the @ sign as well. Facebook does suggest my name, but doesn't create a hyperlink.
How do I recover deleted Facebook photos?
Are Apple, Alphabet, Facebook, etc., working directly to advance the field of health/medicine?
Why are Indians not able to build a successful and popular social media website like Facebook, Twitter, Myspace, LinkedIn, Quora and many more that have millions of users?
What are the creepiest things Facebook has ever done?
Would Facebook achieve the same kind of success (or even exist) had Zuckerberg attended a different school?
I need to access all Facebook business pages in an area and get its likes, comments etc for my app. How can I do it?
Why are most of the people switching from Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, etc., to Quora?
What should I write on my Facebook wall to tell people that I am leaving Pune due to a transfer?
How I can check what is trending on Facebook?
Is Facebook necessary for daily life?
Isn't the social media like Snapchat and Instagram making today's youth more pretentious?
Should I use a personal FB account for business marketing?
So many young girls baiting themselves on social networks. Why?
How can I send a request to a person if Facebook keep on showing 'send request to person you know only'?
How do I respond to a plan in Facebook Messenger?
Why are my Facebook friends still friends with my abuser?
How do you retrieve a lost Facebook password?
What does the ‘now’ mean under the person’s name in the Facebook messenger?
How do I get rid of boost post messages on Facebook pages?
How do I allow applications local admin rights using a group policy without giving user admin rights to the whole machine?
How is the monopolization of the Internet by Google, Facebook, and Amazon destructive?
Why the hell I have to enter Facebook every time to reach or make a question? Isn't once just enough?
How can I recover my old Facebook account without Gmail or mobile number and forgotten my password?
What should Google or Facebook users be willing to pay so that it would be more profitable to charge users directly vs collecting user data to target ads?
Has Facebook ever thought of wiping out Amazon, Uber, foodpanda and other aggregators by connecting potential customers with potential service providers on its own platform? Aren’t most of them already on Facebook?
How do I share HTML canvas to Facebook using Facebook JavaScript SDK?
Why won't my brother friend me on Facebook?
Do you know of any social network that uses common interests and algorithms to suggest friends, instead of being based on common friends?
Why do Android phones come with the Facebook app? Does Facebook pay Google?
How can I find someone on Facebook from 8 Ball Pool?
How can I get people to see my Patreon page?
How do I get a blue tick mark on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram?
What is someone doing when Messenger shows “active now”?
Do you have to delete your Messenger app if you have already scheduled your FB for deletion?
Can I trace my laptop without knowing its Mac address, by using the Wi-Fi previous record, an email sent from that, or a Facebook account?
How do I increase the number of visitors and followers of my new Facebook pages, in order to achieve success?
I was an administrator of a Facebook group and I deleted my account. What happened with the group?
Is Mark Zuckerberg egoistic?
How do I find a friend’s Facebook username using their user ID number? Please be explicit.
Why am I getting topics in my news feed that I haven't selected?
Can nickname-based, open chat rooms have the same virality as real-world relationships based social networks like Facebook?
Can a person have more than one Facebook account?
How can I make money using Instagram or Facebook?
How do I find a cell number on Messenger?
What is the difference between people who use Facebook, Instagram, and Snapchat more and people who use Quora more?
How can you find a Facebook friend by using his or her ID number?
Why is Facebook trying to force me to use the app, instead of Safari on iPad?
Is there any way that I can see a list of people on Quora, like those on Facebook?
How do I change my Google Now feed so that it shows me local cards?
How important is it to have a Facebook profile?
How can my startup story be as popular as Mark Zuckerberg or Facebook?
Do Facebook, Spotify and other big tech companies use BitTorrent, and if so, in what way?
Can I receive a notification on Facebook via my phone that someone has sent me a message, but did not use Messenger?
Will you like, your fan from Quora more than, a fan from Facebook?
Is it liberating to run a Facebook account with no friends, letting anyone comment on your public posts?
How can I see who views my Facebook account?
If two people block each other on Facebook, how can it be undone?
How can I read my husband’s Facebook messages?
Why don't we make our own apps instead of using Facebook and Google in India?
Does Facebook have a contingency plan if its “Thumbs up” icon offends users in Bangladesh, Iran, and/or Thaïland and creates a backlash?
Is there currently a US Army base in Accra, Africa? I have received a Facebook offer of romance saying that he is currently serving there.
How do I load pictures from Facebook to an Instagram file?
Is a person blocked on Facebook Messenger blocked on Facebook, too?
How do I optimize my ad’s viewability?
How do I find out who my non-friends Facebook followers are?
Why does Tinder show a friend I recently added on Facebook?
Can we (humans) expect a good life and living without social networking sites like Facebook, Twitter, Quora, WhatsApp and more?
How many of you feel that Instagram, Snapchat and Facebook have robbed you of our ability to live in the moment and make memories with loved ones?
Is there a way to import Twitter followers into Facebook?
How can I send a request to a person on FB, when it keeps on showing 'send request to known person only' but I know that person?
What do photos look like in Facebook data downloads?
Can we influence teenagers to use Quora rather than wasting time on Instagram and Facebook?
How do I create a new Facebook account and make it hard for others to find me?
How do I find the number of Facebook users in a specific city?
What should I do when I tell someone I'm not interested in chatting on Facebook and they keep messaging me?
How can I find a contact number on Messenger?
How can I find out if my wife is cheating, with Facebook and chat lines?
Are sites like Facebook actually limiting the whole idea of the web and the internet by monopolizing it?
What would have happened if you would have founded Facebook and not Wikipedia?
Does Facebook pay for likes on a page like YouTube does?
Does Facebook provide any API to log in to an account with Python?
Do celebrities have personal Facebook accounts?
Do you like your fans on Quora more than you like your fans on Facebook?
Why is everyone so obsessed with Mark Zuckerberg?
What might be the reason for suddenly decreasing Facebook followers?
Facebook is showing me advertisements for items I searched on Amazon. How is Facebook doing this?
How do you receive Facebook messages on an Android without letting the sender get a blue circle (the one before “seen”)?
What type of programming language should I learn if I want to make a social media platform like Facebook?
Should I share my book cover and description on social networking sites before publishing it on KDP?
Why won’t Facebook Messenger let me unblock someone? Is there a limit on how many times you can block someone?
How do I retreive my password for Facebook without using the old verification?
I have a tech page on IG called @samsungblog_ that has more than 80k followers. How can I make money from that? I also have 3 more tech pages with 30k
How do I switch from privacy to public on a Facebook app?
What are the things you wished a chat messenger should have?
What "new" business idea would you give these companies to expand their business: Amazon, Netflix, Apple, Uber, Facebook and Twitter?
How come a comment notification appears in your email and YouTube notifications box but doesn’t appear in the comments section of a video?
Why doesn't Facebook allow me to download my data to my app easily?
How can I earn from my Facebook page if I have 5000+ likes?
Why is Quora quickly becoming like Facebook? Are we Indians responsible for its deterioration in quality?
Why is Facebook installed on Android 6 Sony Xperia X permanently and can’t be uninstalled?
How do you stop getting notifications for other peoples' status and location updates on Facebook?
On a Facebook page, what ratio is good for the number of post reaches to likes?
Do Aspies often have Facebook feeds with higher S/N ratio (especially to outsiders)?
Will big companies like Facebook, Google and Rockstar accept me as a programmer without degree?
What does the green picture with wine on messenger mean?
Who pays for posts on Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, etc?
What is one secret about Facebook?
Do your Facebook friends know what groups you join?
How do I find potential terrorists by analyzing their Facebook activity?
What is the best form of software to capture customer feedback from different, multiple sources, i.e. Twitter, Facebook, and other surveys? Does it exist?
What will happen if a rule is made to link your social account (Facebook, Twitter, Quora, etc.) to your Aadhaar card?
How do I export a long Facbook comment thread into an editable format for publication? (Keeping the same "look" as the thread has on Facebook)
What happens to all the data if a company like Facebook goes bankrupt tomorrow?
How can Amazon Affiliate Marketing be done on Facebook if my page audience is global?
How can I check whom my girlfriend has been talking with on Facebook?
Why would my ex boyfriend add me on Facebook?
What would be the problem if I'm having high CTR (+5%) and low conversions on Facebook ads?
How can we increase our Facebook post likes?
Should I use a personal FB account for business marketing?
So many young girls baiting themselves on social networks. Why?
Why are Muslims who bash Modi like anything on Facebook so quiet on Quora?
What do IITians have to say about these lines floating on Facebook these days?
How can we get access to anyone's texts or Facebook account?
What does the thumbs up sticker in Facebook messenger mean?
Why does Facebook show me "This feature isn't available to everyone right now" when I click the "How do I verify my page" link in the help center?
Will it ring if you call someone on Facebook Messenger if that someone is on a call?
Are they going to start charging for the use of Facebook by Saturday, May 27th?
Which is the post on Facebook from personal account containing maximum likes in the world?
How can I be completely offline while using messenger?
How can a memorialized account just have joined Facebook Messenger?
How​ do I ask a girl​ for​ casual​ sex on Facebook?
How can I increase my fan page's Like count to over 100k?
What should Google or Facebook users be willing to pay so that it would be more profitable to charge users directly vs collecting user data to target ads?
Why does Quora make me auto follow all my Facebook friends?
How do I get my email marketing subscribers to connect to my company's Facebook page legally?
What happens to the articles saved in Evernote and Pocket if the original page gets deleted?
Does Facebook messenger use data when you have wifi?
How can I make a post for “word of the day” for my Facebook group?
How can I get my Facebook back?
How do I know if I’m blocked on Messenger?
Why do we use Facebook?
How can I retrieve my Facebook account from an old phone?
How can I make direct contact with Facebook help and support?
Where is Freeman Samson on Facebook?
Why am I getting "People you may know" friends suggetions on Facebook that are clearly in Arabic/Russian?
When will I know if someone can assist me in getting back my Gmail accounts & back into Facebook?
Are Facebook ads the best way to reach early adopters and users for a new app?
What are the chances that Facebook will be blocked in the US?
How can I promote a Facebook page using the Facebook ads manager?
Would it be possible if you deleted a Facebook conversation to get a copy of all the messages from the other user?
Did Facebook get rid of smart lists?
How is Mark Zuckerberg so good at learning?
Why am I getting topics in my news feed that I haven't selected?
How can you tell if you have been unfriended on Facebook?
How do I allow my Facebook friends know I'm on Instagram?
How can I see my wife’s FB messages?
Why is it that when you report a fake account on Facebook and the person uses a fake ID to bypass Facebook, it does not get disabled?
Can you see see how many people viewed a post or picture on your Facebook fan page, if it's not posted by you?
Will Facebook be interesting if I have no known friends?
How do I make a YouTube cover photo?
What are the proper dimensions for a FB live custom thumbnail?
How do I post a picture on messenger to my Android gallery?
How did Facebook provide security when they first started?
How do I make a "connect with Aadhaar" button for the purpose of signing up just like "connect with Google or Facebook"?
Did Facebook abandon the Groups app for iOS?
How important is it in 2017 to let users login to a new app via their Facebook account?
How important is it to have a Facebook profile?
What are the best scientific magazines, blogs or Facebook pages in German?
Which books and websites do you suggest for studying for the Facebook data engineer interview?
Why doesn’t Quora provide an option of self-upvoting like Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, Instagram, or other social media?
How do I like a blocked Facebook image?
Why is Quora not as popular as Facebook, Instagram, and WhatsApp?
Will you like, your fan from Quora more than, a fan from Facebook?
Is every Google and Facebook employee extremely talented?
Is Facebook’s Graph API free?
How can I get an e-mail address of a Facebook account that is hidden in its basic info on Facebook?
How do I create a memorable event on Facebook and Twitter?
Why can’t people mention me in comments on Facebook? They have tried using the @ sign as well. Facebook does suggest my name, but doesn't create a hyperlink.
Is it important for the Facebook profile to be old enough for filling up tutor profile at Chegg.com?
How do I login to my other Facebook account without writing my password on my phone?
Should I make my fitness app a Facebook Messenger app instead of a mobile app?
How can I hack someone’s WhatsApp account?
How did memes bring changes to Facebook?
How does Facebook implement endless scrolling in Android?
How can I get back into my Facebook account when I’ve done everything the help center asks and I still can't get in?
Does Buffer or Hootsuite post on LinkedIn, Facebook and Google+ groups at the same time?
Are the binary trade experts advertising on Facebook genuine? Do they trade on behalf of others or just go quiet after money is transferred to them?
Does Chrisfield MD have a back page for escorts?
Who should I follow on Facebook in 2017?
How do I load pictures from Facebook to an Instagram file?
How do I show a certain page on Blogspot without a sidebar (for example, the privacy policy page)?
Are frameworks for quantisation of apotheosis like Quora, Facebook and Twitter the direction of future apps?
Why did my ex look me up on Facebook when he has a girlfriend?
On FB Messenger, some people's statuses say "active on messenger," but my friend's just says "Messenger." What does that mean?
How do I stop people suggestion on Facebook?
Is Chrome compatible with Facebook's Gameroom?
Have you seen good outcomes from Facebook ads, boosting ads/posts, and others?
Is Facebook really helpful and necessary for a CSE student?
How do I add other social network links to my Facebook bio?
How can I find out who posted a confession on Facebook?
How can I unlink an Instagram account that's not mine from Facebook?
Why does Facebook send me email about notification on my fake account where there is nothing to show?
Is there any way to block the ads from playing between Facebook videos?
How can I recover a forgotten Facebook email?
Is there a way to import Twitter followers into Facebook?
Messenger Day is not working on my phone. Why?
Why is the degree of blue color in Facebook app is not the same degree in Messenger app?
How can I find out who's looking at my Facebook account that's not on my friend list?
If I'm searching my husband's profile and I see the same person in his friends list on Facebook, what's the reason?
How can I invite more than one Facebook friend to join a group?
Is it possible to trigger feeds from an external app to Facebook's user feed based on geography and without users subscribing to the feed itself?
How do I find out who my girlfriend is chatting with on Facebook?
How can I find people (is there a search function) via Facebook or Instagram that are living in New York?
How many mobile application developers work on apps like Instagram, Telegram, Facebook, Airbnb, and WhatsApp?
How do I promote home business in Facebook?
How can we check our Messenger chat and calling history?
Is it distasteful to share your political opinion on Facebook and Instagram?
Which AI company is acquired by Facebook recently to grow its chatbot market against API.AI?
How many entities are there in the Nametests Facebook app, and what are they?
Why can't I send another friend request to a user who declined my first request?
If we make a picture that we are tagged in our profile picture on Facebook, will the existing likes add up to our profile picture?
Can I use Facebook’s public Niagara Falls images, or do they come under copyright?
How do I generate leads from Facebook, LinkedIn, etc. without using paid ads?
Does Facebook log comment deletions?
What is a good giveaway idea on Facebook for makeup products?
What is the use of a page ID on a Facebook page?
Why isn’t Mark Zukerburg the richest person, when he owns 24% of Facebook, which has a market cap of $433 billion?
What tool/script should I use to comment to all my sales posts on FB in order to bring them up?
How can I know the address of a person doing Facebook?
Is Facebook going to charge in the future?
How can I collect the materials of a project in one place to be available for the other members without using Facebook?
How do I create a culture of stop asking use case?
If blocked on Facebook, am I blocked on Messenger?
What does it mean when the little blue icon stays white with a check mark on Messenger?
Can anyone make money on Facebook?
Why won’t Facebook Messenger let me unblock someone? Is there a limit on how many times you can block someone?
How do you decide what Facebook friends requests or suggestions to accept?
Should I discuss politics on Facebook?
Is it possible to trace someone's IP chatting on Facebook?
How does performance change with percent of lookalike change in Facebook audiences?
How can I re-publish my Facebook page with 900K followers? I've already sent an appeal, but it was denied.
Is there any Indian who did an internship in Google/Facebook/MS/etc after their sophomore year of engineering?
How could someone bring Google or Facebook down? And I mean down for good, not only with hacks!
How much money do I have to spend on Facebook ads to get 1,000 views on my website?
Why do people like common pictures as opposed to glamorous or more meaningful pictures on Facebook?
How do people in Google see Google engineers using Facebook in office hours?
Does the admin of a Facebook page get to know that I invited people to like his page?
Can I hire someone to make me famous on Instagram or Facebook? If yes, then how do I find them?
A friend started popping my chat bar, I didnt check her profile or messaged her, Does that mean that mean she checked my profile?
What are your thoughts on Facebook advertising?
How do you stop getting notifications for other peoples' status and location updates on Facebook?
Why don’t I get likes on Facebook?
How do you prevent someone from accessing your email?
How can we generate more traffic from Facebook?
Why do certain people show up at the beginning of likes on posts of mine? For example, Liked By Smith and 39 others.
In WordTornado, in the game room on Facebook, how do I type the letters instead of dragging them when I am on my laptop?
How can you delete your inbox messages on Facebook?
Does anyone post little things (articles, comments and such) on certain people’s Facebook pages just to get a reaction?
Can others tag my name even though I deactivated my Facebook?
How can I delete my Messenger account created with my mobile phone?
How does machine learning improve advertising in Facebook in terms of revenue, CTR and/or average dwell time?
What is the best course to learn Facebook Ads?
When will there be more dead people on Facebook than living ones?
How do I use the same WebHook for multiple messenger apps/bots?
How do I create a blog in a group as my business Facebook page?
When someone is showing activity on Messenger, does it mean they are chatting?
How do I see a sent request?
Should I post my drawings on Facebook?
After the checkpoint ID verification, Facebook logs me into a new empty account. I have two accounts with one email. How does this happen?
Does the League of Legends API give Facebook basic information associated with a player?
How do I make best use of Facebook?
Do media organisations receive any revenue from Facebook/Twitter for providing them with a newsfeed?
Is a Facebook account necessary to open an Instagram account?
Why doesn't Quora ban all Facebook users?
Someone I know posted pictures of me on Facebook. What can I do about it? Facebook has not responded to my complaints about this. Who polices FB?
How can you tell if someone is on a call on Facebook Messenger?
Do you have to be Facebook friends with someone in order to Facebook message them?
How can I find who I have friended on Facebook?
How can I determine what to use for my Facebook or LinkedIn profile?
Can you login to your Instagram business account with a linked Facebook account if you forget your password?
When do you think Facebook will launch its augmented reality social platform?
Which website carries the most current information on Facebook marketing?
When someone posts something to your general feed on Facebook, can you hide that post but let the person who posted it still see it?
How can I prevent my Facebook avatar from showing up in the comment sections of websites and blogs I'm not connected to?
When did you realize that Facebook is a waste of time?
How do change username of Instagram in Facebook?
Why do people use Instagram? Is it better than Facebook?
How much data is consumed in a video call via Facebook Messenger?
How do I go to my Facebook archive?
How do I know how many followers a company has on Facebook?
What is another online tool to discover popular news/viral news, other than Facebook Signal? Signal only opens for US journalists.
Why do people air their bad feelings towards a friend or relative on Facebook?
How can I view an old message from Facebook that I already deleted?
Why are some photos invisible in Facebook albums?
Is it possible to track your IP address or location from a Facebook comment? Can my location be tracked via comments I've made on Facebook posts?
Can someone be active on Messenger but have the active time stamp show they are not active?
What does a social network have to have to become successful?
Why do phone manufacturers not allow Facebook Live videos to be filmed in the horizontal format?
How do I transition a viral content Facebook page to a business direction?
How does Facebook’s 360 degree camera work?
How are your Facebook friends, family and acquaintances demanding?
Can I get my BSNL number back if I used that number 2 years ago? I urgently need that number to get back my email, Facebook, etc.
How could they create Facebook?
How do designers at Facebook feel about being asked to blatantly copy the UI and product mechanics of Snapchat?
How can I access the Facebook account of someone using my WiFi?
Can we follow a post on Facebook without becoming friends?
Do I get calls from Facebook Ads?
What email address is Jules Bonnot’s Facebook account linked to?
What naming conventions does Facebook use for its database? Why?
It has been a month since I used Facebook and WhatsApp. Will this have any effect on me?
Can I receive a notification on Facebook via my phone that someone has sent me a message, but did not use Messenger?
Why is it in Facebook groups regular members and some new ones are able to join the conversation easily while some others are met with silence?
How do big companies like Google, Facebook, and Amazon generate test data?
What are the benefits of Facebook Live for businesses?
Facebook and Instagram's new algorithms make social marketing impossible without money. What's the next frontier of free social marketing?
How can we disrupt Facebook, Snapchat, Instagram, and Twitter?
Are you using Facebook or any other apps or web contents in your native language and how matured is the language on internet?
Can you trust Facebook's data?
What is the best free Facebook bot to boost engagement?
Someone is using my photo and created a fake Facebook account. What should I do?
I need to access all Facebook business pages in an area and get its likes, comments etc for my app. How can I do it?
How do you spot a fake Facebook email?
Why is the Internet gamified to be fundamentally inauthentic while conditioning us to be narcissists rather than adding educational value to the web?
How can I get into someone else's Facebook?
How do I get enough response from Facebook users who are intended to study abroad?
How do you send and recieve hidden messages on Facebook?
Why does my friend tag me on Facebook by replying to a random comment on the post instead of just tagging me by commenting on the post directly?
How do developers use Redux in Facebook?
Are Instagram and Facebook harmful to teens?
How can I get a new “who liked” activity log (all in one/counted by numbers) on my old Instagram account?
How do I make a new temporary account on Facebook while having my main account blocked for some time due to violation of rules?
Are affiliate links accepted for paid ads on Facebook, Google and other search engines?
Can I bring down Facebook accounts with DDoS?
If a fake Facebook account has been created in my name, then what should I do?
Who is the most popular person on Facebook?
Is it possible to make money through troll pages / Facebook troll pages?
Can depression patients sue Facebook?
How can I show offline on FB Messenger but still be online?
How does Facebook know if the person is alive or dead? How is it sharing the memories message of a person if he's dead?
Is it just a coincidence that Mark Zuckerberg created a system of manipulating the population just like his grandfather did?
How do I flower react on Facebook?
What is the most effective source of traffic apart from Facebook?
What does the Facebook app Katana do?
How many of you feel that Instagram, Snapchat and Facebook have robbed you of our ability to live in the moment and make memories with loved ones?
How is it that a successful Facebook ad will run really well for a while and suddenly dive, producing hardly anything?
What do interns at Facebook wear?
How is Facebook Marketplace doing compared to Craigslist (May 2017)?
How do I meet someone at Facebook who can help with my unpublished page?
How can I target leads on Facebook? Do I need to create a page for the business?
How much can a person earn if he has more than 10,000 likes on his Facebook page?
I have my Facebook account scheduled for permanent deletion . Is there anyway I can log into messenger without pushing my deletion date back?
Can we influence teenagers to use Quora rather than wasting time on Instagram and Facebook?
How do I show no friends on my time page?
Does YouTube video View count include views from Facebook shares and website embeds?
How can I see what date two people became friends on Facebook when only one is my friend?
What are Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube's target audiences for Googly Balloon Game?
What is a graceful way to delete my Facebook when others enjoy following my pages?
How do you reset a forgotten password and email on Facebook?
How I can follow my Facebook's friends here?
Why do some developers at very large tech companies like Google and Facebook write poor software?
Why do social media sites like Facebook and Pinterest allow users to download images while they have no copyright?
What are some of the Facebook tricks only coders can do?
Why do the Japanese seem to take a long time to warm up to new technology (e.g. Facebook, etc.)?
Which social media site is a major competitor to Facebook?
How does Facebook know who my associates are?
What does 40m mean, when it’s next to a name on Facebook?
Can I block or filter words on Facebook reviews?
Why would Facebook use SurveyMonkey when it already has a giant user base to send surveys to?
Should Facebook take down its live feature entirely after people have uploaded killings and suicides (and other atrocious acts I don't need to mention)?
Why is my Messenger app gray instead of blue?
How was Facebook made?
What version of the Tim Farron and voter story (4/5/17) is on your Facebook feed?
Have you ever reached a customer service representative with Facebook, for help with your Facebook business page?
When you block someone on Facebook, can you still see the profile of the person he/she is in a relationship with (on mobile)?
What is the code base for Facebook?
Does a human validate LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter profiles of a Quoran, before giving verified badges?
Why is a friend always stalking me on Facebook but rarely likes my posts?
What are the simplest tools for automated Facebook/Instagram ad campaigns? I know of Hootsuite, etc., but they seem to be overkill and complicated.
How do I respond if someone spells something wrong in their comment on Facebook?
Facebook was created as a desktop version and uses a MySQL database, then they made a phone version (iOS, Android). How do they use the MySQL database in iOS or Android to recognize their users?
Does FB Messenger also have a hidden status folder like WhatsApp’s?
Should I open my girlfriend’s FB account?
How can I get auto likes on my Facebook page likes, like 500?
How can you send a message to someone's inbox on Facebook?
Why is Amazon and Facebook going out of business?
Why is Facebook not allowed to use in China?
Which programming languages were used to create Quora, Facebook, Paytm, Flipkart, Amazon, Twitter and Gmail respectively?
How do we understand the context collapse in Facebook?
Do you get notified when someone reacts to your message on faceboook? Do you get a notification when somebody else reacts to an old msg on Facebook?
Is there any software to hack Facebook (include illegal ways)?
Where do I find information or someone with experience on how to migrate a personal FB profile to a business profile page?
Why can't I see my photos and friends’ photos on Instagram and Facebook?
Why doesn't Facebook allow me to download my data to my app easily?
Was Facebook's beloved purple flower emoji only for Mother’s Day? Why? Why did they remove it?
If some people blocked me on FB Messenger, can I block them, too?
How can I recover my Instagram account which is not linked to Facebook?
How do I write great content for my fan page?
Do Periscope and Facebook give an advantage to people to talk about anything they want indirectly rather than face to face?
How do I report Facebook hackers?
How do I embed an entire Facebook album to my website?
What’s the most unique way to find socially influential students?
Is it possible to create a Facebook page that searches and posts content by itself using Machine Learning or Deep Learning?
What happened to the Facebook Affinity Score?
What would be the best way to submit an idea to Facebook executives in order for it to have a good chance of being implemented by Facebook?
Is Facebook necessary for daily life?
Are there any survey tools that allow to grasp Facebook likes?
Were can I find one of Facebook’s media partners?
Can I change the emoji if someone has blocked me from Facebook Messenger?
Can I talk to somebody in Hong Kong using Facebook Messenger?
Why can't I get an email confirmation in order to change my email address on Facebook?
How can I use Facebook from the USA while in India?
Should India ban Google & Facebook?
How do companies like Google, Yahoo, Facebook, etc. store data so that the data is preserved even after their storage drives crash/fail?
Which one is more addictive: Quora or Facebook?
How does "trusted accounts" security on Facebook work?
How can one trace a Facebook account even if the phone being used is offline?
Why do my friends and family get more likes on Facebook than me?
Is the "last used date," for apps on Facebook really accurate?
How is the monopolization of the Internet by Google, Facebook, and Amazon destructive?
Why do random people on Facebook have thousands of followers?
Will I get in trouble for hacking myself on Facebook/Twitter/Quora?
In a Facebook post, someone referred to Obama as Diaper Boy. What is that?
Why will Facebook be blocked once net neutrality is gone?
Is there a way to embed YouTube videos in Facebook that will autoplay?
Can I get another email address on the same account for my Facebook account?
What would happen if it is compulsory and a must for everyone to own a Facebook account?
Can “actual reach achieved” on Facebook Business Manager be more than the “potential reach”?
How do I target sons/daughters on Facebook?
How do I know the top influencers in Facebook in tech niche?
What does a small green light next to a phone icon on a person’s Messenger page mean?
How do Facebook page admins earn money?
Can I see chats from someone that's not my friend?
How could I find out the cost of a Facebook ad campaign that could reach 140,000 Facebook users in 1 year?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked “How am I doing?” and I responded “Great.” with a smile. What's wrong with that?
Is there a way by which I can delete all my previous content in my Facebook account?
How do I get a blue tick mark on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram?
Why do we waste our time on social media?
What is the "username" feature for a Facebook page?
Why should one stop using Facebook and Instagram?
How do I find a friend’s Facebook username using their user ID number? Please be explicit.
How do I be famous in Facebook? And get a lot of followers?
What are the pros and cons of being a friend of your lover on Facebook?
How can I add a Facebook close friend and family list as a shortcut?
How do you see a blocked page on IG?
Does Facebook still load old messages, when added into a group chat?
When will Facebook decide to deprecate stories?
Do you think spending too much time on Facebook can make you envious of others?
Is there a jailbreak tweak on iPhone to remove Facebook app news feed?
How do I change my friend’s profile pic on any of his accounts (Gmail, Facebook, or WhatsApp) without using his password or knowledge - just for fun?
Can I find friends in Facebook via their phone numbers?
What other reaction emojis would you want Facebook to introduce?
What is the best Facebook auto-like software?
Is Quora's marketing team not as good as Facebook's marketing team?
Does Facebook try to limit the visibility of posts that contain complaints/grievances about Facebook?
I have a friend request notification on Facebook. How do I find out who the person is who sent the request?
Did Mark Zuckerberg really need the 1B to invent/make Facebook, or could he have done it with, say, £1000?
Which is the best FB status for a selfie?
How did Facebook gain new users in the early days?
How do I make Facebook trust my account and enable the postpaid ads for me?
Is it possible to use old versions of social media websites such as, LinkedIn or Facebook?
How should I go about recruiting people to help run my 18+ Facebook group?
Does Facebook control which comments I see? The top comments below the popular posts always seem to agree with my political views, and that's worrying.
Can I share a video from Facebook to WhatsApp directly?
What are the chances Google or Facebook would hire a foreigner?
Is Facebook tracking WhatsApp messages or getting search tracking from Google?
Are there any restrictions for advertising an Amazon listing through Facebook ads on either end?
Does Facebook show the phone number which you have for account verification purposes?
Why are Indians not able to build a successful and popular social media website like Facebook, Twitter, Myspace, LinkedIn, Quora and many more that have millions of users?
Why do internet providers want to block Facebook once net neutrality is gone in the US?
I am getting too many fake profile requests on Facebook since February, 2017. Is anybody else facing the same?
How do I put a text notification on my Instagram and Facebook pages?
What actually is Facebook's Flow? What does it help with?
How do I get 5000 Facebook friend requests in one day?
How much money would Facebook lose for a 10 minute shutdown?
Is there currently a US Army base in Accra, Africa? I have received a Facebook offer of romance saying that he is currently serving there.
How do I find influencers for cosmetics in Instagram and Facebook?
How can I hide my likes and comments from friends' news feed?
Who is Wornies? Why am I seeing Wornies in almost every Facebook post?
How do I get a reply from a girl on FB chat?
Will Amazon/Google/Facebook ever be overtaken by similar companies or are they permanent superpowers?
What is your opinion regarding the current quarterly results of Facebook Q1FY17?
How can one generate leads through Instagram and Facebook?
Can we (humans) expect a good life and living without social networking sites like Facebook, Twitter, Quora, WhatsApp and more?
How do I restore my old Facebook account if I forgot my password and email address?
Do people care about "likes" on their posts on social networks, like Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, etc.?
Facebook is hiring 3,000 to review videos of crime and suicide. Would you consider applying for this type of job and if yes, how would you cope?
In Facebook ads, can we target company names or company CEOs?
What is the current ballpark developer rates for simple Facebook Messenger Chatbots?
Can the police interrogate me over a post on Facebook about constitutional rights in America?
Why is there partiality on Facebook?
What do photos look like in Facebook data downloads?
Is it hard to be hired by Facebook?
How do I see all likers (people who have liked a page) on Facebook?
What will happen if I delete my Gmail account? Will it delete everything that I used my Gmail on like Facebook or sites that I put my Gmail in?
How can I remove a comment on Facebook?
Do Korean people change their Facebook profie picture in support of President Moon?
Will this Facebook advertisement be less expensive if I remove the "sign up" button?
If someone deactivates his account on Facebook, then will his number be visible to his friends?
How do I secure my Facebook account when someone reports me?
How much time do Facebook take for account verification?
How can I find a holiday destination based on a Facebook profile?
What is better: to let guests know who are the other guests of a party or not letting them know that in advance?
I saw a girl on Facebook and was intrigued by her. I sent a friend request and also messaged her, saying she looks great. Is this how to approach people on Facebook?
How can I turn all my Facebook requests into followers?
How do I know if someone is on their phone through Messenger?
Do Facebook friends receive my posts?
How would you know if your call had been rejected on Facebook Messenger?
What's the best way to auto-post to a Facebook buy/sell group?
How does someone hide their green dot on Messenger, but still say active now?
How much stock have Facebook employees received as of 2010?
How can I get my pic deleted from Facebook?
What is the average click per impression for Facebook ads?
What are best marketing models for video tagging applications like Facebook photo tagging which you can tag people in a video?
What can I use instead of Facebook?
Considering the role social media has played in spreading political news lately, would Mark Zuckerberg have an unfair advantage if he ran for office?
How do I fathom if a Facebook phone interview went good or bad?
My mum constantly posts photos of me on Facebook, how can I get her to stop? I'm sixteen and I've tried telling her to stop but she won't.
What is Facebook's Jest project?
Is there a way to download a video from Facebook which have been removed?
If you block a friend on Facebook, can they still see your page?
How do I remove email suggestion on Facebook log in on my phone?
What is the song used in Facebook's birthday recall videos?
What are some websites like Facebook that gives users an option to upload their government id?
How do you receive Facebook messages on an Android without letting the sender get a blue circle (the one before “seen”)?
How much should I charge to manage an Instagram and a Facebook page?
How do I increase a Facebook fan page’s organic likes?
How do I save campaigns in Facebook Ads Manager?
How can I take down a fake Facebook profile? It is harrassing me and I'm isolated and depressed.
Can I see whether someone views my Facebook account a lot?
Is there anyone on Quora who uses Facebook frequently but still maintains a good code of conduct throughout his day?
What would happen if Facebook removed or hid the contact button from the Messenger app?
How do I stop showing videos you may like on Facebook?
How do you access secret Facebook groups?
How can I grow my Facebook fan page without getting blocked, considering the Facebook restrictions?
Does Facebook have a program to support startups building products in its ecosystem?
Why does it show that someone is active on Facebook Messenger when I'm not even Facebook friends with them?
How can I make Google photos my default download location for Chrome, Facebook and Twitter photos?
How do I turn off the message preview from the Facebook Messenger app in iOS 10.3?
How can I earn from my Facebook page if I have 5000+ likes?
What are the major technologies being used in tech giants like Google and Facebook? I am from a programming background and currently working for Wipro.
Is it possible to fetch other users’ data from Tumblr?
How do I gain access to a Facebook account that I have personal information on but no password?
How do I pass username and password of Facebook in URL?
How do I respond to the question “Do I know you?” on Facebook?
Is posting a photo with a celebrity a violation of Facebook community standards, especially when they agreed to be photoed but are unaware of its use?
What should I comment on my boyfriend's photo on Facebook?
Is it true that Facebook earns more money by advertisement rather than through its application and products?
Why does Facebook allow livestreaming?
What does Facebook actually do when I mark that I ignored a friend request because I don't know that person?
How can I see who viewed my Vkontakte photo?
Whar are some popular Facebook pages or websites which post facts about different languages?
Can you tell if someone visits your Facebook profile?
How does Facebook determine what percentage of a user's news feed is ads vs. organic stories?
How many people post their shopping queries on Facebook?
Can I invite followers on my personal Facebook account to like my business page?
What is the best alternative to Facebook & Instagram?
How do I make it to the Big Four as a software developer?
Why do Facebook introduced and then reverted the thankful reaction?
Facebook has suggested my ex in People you May Know. Should I send her a request?
When browsing to my friend’s post in Facebook it has 78 likes and 1 share on the bottom. How can I find out who shared it?
Are Facebook and Instagram statistics about a promoted post really true?
What percent of Indians are busy on FB?
How do I respond to a plan in Facebook Messenger?
Is there an API for recent Facebook page likes that I can implement into a live stream?
Do my friends know if I look at someone's Facebook from my friend's Facebook account?
Why do we Indians always talk about love, like love story movies, in WhatsApp and Facebook statuses?
Where can you see the date of when you were blocked by a person on Facebook?
Patanjali are promoting their products on Facebook and YouTube, etc. which are platforms run by foreign companies. Doesn’t that go against their Swadeshi movement?
Can I get on Facebook without anyone knowing?
How do I find all the Facebook groups in my city?
Are these Facebook apps unsafe?
How do the top 6 friends on your Facebook profile work?
Where can I buy 'real' US Facebook fans?
How can I use Graph API to get Facebook profile data using Python, R, Flume, and Spark?
How do I read somebody else's messages on Facebook with out them knowing?
How do I see other people’s messages on Messenger?
How can I make 2 Instagram accounts with one Facebook account?
What is the difference between Facebook addicts and Quora addicts?
Can I have a FB page with no one knowing about it?
How do we scale our current 13 Adsets Facebook (13 ads) targeting the same audience optimized by FB?
How do I edit my comment below a post on Facebook, but have it show as the original comment and not an edit?
Are the statistics on Facebook and Instagram about promoted post authentic?
Can I find a person on Facebook if I have an email address?
How does Facebook determine whether solid or gradient backgrounds are available for status updates and when?
Can I reset my password on IG if I forgot my email account and my phone number indicated on it doesn't exist?
Every time I run an ad on my Facebook Page, organic reach on regular posts plummet, and they do not normalize for a week. Why is this happening?
Why is my CPC on Facebook rising while my audience is not even half saturated?
Should I only run my Facebook ad during the hours most conversions occur?
Is it mandatory to have an FB account for a Quora user provided I do not have accounts in Facebook or Twitter?Is it stupid of me for not having so?
Did you start to visit Facebook less after you discovered Quora?
Is moving away from payments to pure ads a good strategy for Facebook Messenger?
How can I see who my girlfriend is talking to when using messenger and private messenger?
What configuration is Mark Zuckerberg using as a primary development machine?
How did Jessica Su prepare for her interview at Facebook?
If it could be proven without a doubt that there is no God (for lack of a better word), what would happen?
Can I download 2 Facebook app?
What is the meaning of “hmm” in messenger?
Do people use WhatsApp in Switzerland?
Would you find it worse to be blocked on Facebook or unfriended?
Why can't Facebook allow more than 5000 friends?
I have deactivated my Facebook account. I did this on my phone. But I can still log back in. Does this mean my account is not deleted properly?
How do I go from ‘connected on FB Messenger’ to ‘click here to invite’?
Someone is sharing pictures of my friend with a fake Facebook ID. How can we report it to Facebook and how can we trace that person?
Is it better to use the Instagram or Facebook advertising platform to get a higher install rate of a mobile app?
Why is it that I can talk on my phone about something, and within a couple of days, see some ads for it sent to me on Facebook?
What are the benefits of Facebook?
Didn't Facebook realize that implementing the story feature in all their apps will just divide their users?
How do I log into my Facebook account if I don't know my password or the password to the email I signed in with?
What is the best social media platform to gauge public sentiment: Twitter, Facebook, or Quora?
How do you find customers in Canada on Facebook?
Are the images sent over FB secure?
How do I prevent my Facebook fan page from getting unpublished after merging?
Why doesn't Facebook come up with (write) its own operating system?
Is there an app to know who sends invites to my Facebook?
In the U.S., is it criminal to create a fake Facebook account and obtain nudes?
How do I recover my Facebook account for which I know the email address?
What will happen to Facebook and WhatsApp in June?
How do I find links of engineering students Facebook groups in any American universities?
How can I edit a Facebook post?
Does Facebook allow two accounts of yours, both with real name and correct info?
How are Facebook landing pages created?
How do I change my birth date on my Facebook profile?
Do Facebook, Spotify and other big tech companies use BitTorrent, and if so, in what way?
How good is Facebook marketplace for selling used electronics?
Do you feel that Facebook causes issues with cell phones not working properly?
If a person does not have Messenger and is not my friend on Facebook, how will they see my message?
What happens to your Facebook account if you pass away?
If two people block each other on Facebook, how can it be undone?
What will be the impact if Quora had emotions like Facebook/WhatsApp instead of upvotes (with features such as like, wow, smile, etc)?
Can I earn through Facebook pages?
How do I have a Facebook account that is free from political posts?
Is it true that you can request a copy of the file the FBI has on you by sending them a letter?
How is Facebook gaining ground in the display advertising market?
How can I send friend request to the CEO of Facebook Mark Zuckerberg?
How visible are Facebook posts set to "friends only"? Can employers find them?
Where can I find Facebook coupons (50$) for cheap prices?
Why do some words on my Facebook page look like this ⵜⴰⵣⵡⵓⵔⵜ when I sign in from Chrome or Edge?
How can I find out if one of my friend on friend list has more than one number?
Can someone possibly get a notification if Iook at their Facebook a lot on my account?
Do China and Russia have their own version of Facebook?
How can I find similar Facebook Fanpages (free tool)?
Why do celebrities and others choose to use Twitter more than Facebook to share ideas and other content?
Is a person blocked on Facebook Messenger blocked on Facebook, too?
How can I access my ex girlfriends Facebook from my iPhone when she is in a different state?
Why are the Carousel images getting blurred on Facebook? The dimensions are above 600x600.
How I can undo my deleted chats on Facebook?
Where do I view my friend list?
When Facebook disables an account, does it ban the account or that person? And are those users allowed to create a new account?
Is there any IPM aspirant I could get in contact with via Facebook or any other means?
Are we allowed to add teachers we had on Facebook and speak to them?
Do you think Discord has the potential to transform into a large social network?
How many followers do I need to attract adverts for my Facebook page?
What Social media sites to use instead of Facebook for daily usage?
Why don't Indian boys make American girlfriends through Facebook?
Can Facebook be replaced?
Why does Quora allow users to have a different name from their Facebook accounts?
What are “autolikes” in Facebook?
Why can't I see the details of someone who is not my friend and who was last active on Messenger?
Is social media like Facebook good for your own development?
How can I send a request to a person on FB, when it keeps on showing 'send request to known person only' but I know that person?
Does the FCC regulate the Facebook videos?
Facebook has around 2 billion users. Why are they still doing marketing via ads? Do they really need any advertisement, as every child knows about them?
Is there any app for Facebook that when a specific person​ comes online I get notified​?
Is it illegal to use someone’s wedding video that you shoot for marketing purposes on FaceBook/YouTube?
Why is there no Swadesi website similar to Google or Facebook in India?
How can I stop or mute a Facebook video embedded via JavaScript SDK on my own page (my page is in my own domain)?
How do I recover my deleted Facebook messages?
How one can gain Facebook page likes?
What is meant by "you have a friend suggestion”?
Does Facebook pay for its users to create a page or a group? If yes, then how much?
How can I find out if my wife is cheating, with Facebook and chat lines?
Why won't Facebook or forum sites be blocked without net neutrality?
Some parts of the conversation disappear from the Facebook group chat. Why is this happening?
Can Mark Zuckerberg read celebrities' Facebook chats?
Why am I being asked to add someone to a Facebook group?
How do I guess if a data engineer phone interview for Facebook went good or bad?
What app has full page advertisements that pop up at random? The ads almost always lead to company Facebook pages. It does not show up in scans.
How can I transfer a Facebook session from my iOS device to somewhere else?
How can you call somebody through Messenger if you are not friends?
If 2 Facebook accounts have been deleted permanently, then what will happen to the chat conversations, including photos, between those 2 accounts?
Is it possible to change the SMS content of Facebook Account Kit?
What are the best comments for a mother’s profile?
Do people hack Facebook or Google to fix bugs? Or is there any other way to fix it legally?
What are the characteristics of passive aggressive Facebook posts?
Facebook Ads: what interest group would be best for people that have recently purchased a TV and may need installation? It's so broad.
What is the basic difference between Facebook and other social sites which makes Facebook very much popular and others not?
Is Facebook down right now May 25, 2017?
Why would a good guy friend block me from Facebook? I've known him 20 years.
Is there a way, in 2017, to import Facebook comments (from a blog post with Facebook comments) to the original WordPress comment system or Disqus?
How can you see how long someone has been friends on Facebook?
Which is the best free Facebook lead management software?
How do I know if someone I am not friends with on Facebook received my message on Messenger?
How do I make payments for Facebook sponsored posts through Paytm?
What did Facebook & Snapchat do in its first 12 months for marketing and user acquisition?
Can I recover a deleted Facebook chat?
Would you have had the foresight to join Facebook if Mark Zuckerberg approached you and asked you to help him create the world's largest social media platform?
What is Facebook's core competency?
How is game theory used in real life applications by tech-companies such as Google, Facebook, Amazon, Microsoft and others?
Is there a tutorial for making a Facebook chat bot triggered by a page's post comments?
How many people use Facebook in Turkiye?
If celebrities don’t have personal Facebook accounts, how do they have a Facebook page?
If somebody hacked my Facebook and ended the log in session afterwards, would their log in still show up in my archive?
Can I download all of my Messenger information?
Is YouTube live feature copied from Facebook live?
When did Facebook become irrelevant?
What is this ad on Facebook for?
Does Mark Zuckerberg's mom tell him to concentrate on Facebook?
If you just launched Facebook events 2.0, what metrics would you collect and how would you know if the launch was a success?
Is it advisable to combine a personal Facebook account with a business one?
Who pays for posts on Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, etc?
Are you friends with Tyler Garman Art on Facebook?
What makes someone choose one form of direct messaging over another? For example, why choose Facebook Messenger, Instagram Direct, Snap Direct, or WhatsApp?
Can Quora be an alternative to Facebook and Twitter for students?
Why is Facebook going to be banned in the US?
How do you go from being connected on Messenger to saying ‘click here to invite’?
Does Facebook or any other social media site monitor our everyday life?
How do you place a countdown clock on a Facebook page?
How can I get more GoFundMe page views? I have shared with all Facebook friends and Twitter.
Who approves Facebook ads: Bots or humans?
Can I earn money through Facebook?
Does Balaji Viswanathan have a Facebook account?
Who has my girlfriend recently added on Facebook?
What does Facebook not monetise shopping on the platform through commission like Amazon does?
How many accounts has Facebook disabled?
Can I make a truly 'public' Facebook live (see details)?
What is the eligibility criteria for getting off campus placement in Google, Facebook and Microsoft?
How do the companies like Google and Facebook recruit, and how can you know their exam dates?
This girl I have a crush on accepted my Facebook friend request only about 2 hours after I sent it. Does that mean she likes me?
How can Facebook choose people to show you in 'people you may know'?
Who can see comments written on Facebook pages of celebrities?
Is it impossible to get a lot of friends on Facebook?
Why are people on Quora posting their personal photos and making it another Facebook? Why doesn’t Quora’s administration put a stop to it?
What is the adoption rate of Facebook in India?
Is it unethical to gain Facebook likes from suffering one?
Can you check your fb messages?
Will Facebook survive once the US gets rid of net neutrality?
When a Facebook page I follow/like host or co-host an event, will I receive a notification?
Why is Facebook not allowing me to add a description on my page and also place a website, etc.?
How do I know who’s viewed my video on Facebook?
Can one post nudes privately on Facebook?
How do the Facebook, WhatsApp, and Instagram applications make money?
What is India's biggest Facebook group?
How do I open my old Facebook account if I forgot my password and email address?
How can I write bold letters in a Facebook post?
How can I use a mobile number to search for a Facebook ID?
If a company’s Facebook posts are not being shown, what can the company do to be seen by more of its fans?
How do you analyze the structure of "Is it us, or are news headlines about Facebook's impact on our health popping up more and more these days?"
How can you login without a code on Facebook?
Can we find our lookalike on Facebook?
How do I delete my fb account permanently?
What do you fear most about mind/thought reading technology?
One of my non-Muslim friends is not accepting my friend request on Facebook because I have reverted to Islam. What will you say?
Why is it when I Unfollow a page on Facebook, but don't Unlike it, I still see its news on my newsfeed?
How do I share an image on Facebook to WhatsApp?
Why won't Facebook load the remainder of the photo album instead of just giving me the spinning cursor?
Can someone receive an invite to join messenger from a deactivated Facebook account?
How can you tell if someone is talking you privately on Messenger?
Should I setup a separate ad account for Facebook Traffic and Remarketing?
How do I send Facebook to WeChat?
If Facebook forced you to scan your passport for them, would you do it?
Which Facebook groups are the best for video marketing advice?
Do you think Snapchat will last?
How does Facebook chat work in PC and phones?
How do you tag someone on Facebook?
Has your Facebook Page ever been stolen?
What tools do you use in hacking Facebook account?
Is it possible to attach Facebook album to a website?
How do I get access to Facebook Stories and Messenger Day?
How are some AMP-enabled posts, or Facebook instant articles, showing my email in their subscription boxes?
Does the number of friends a person has on Facebook reveal anything?
People tab on messenger(iOS) is loading, nothing appear and there is no active people shown, what am I supposed to do?
Can we restrict the voting rights of members in a Facebook group?
How do I link comments from my previous post to a new post?
How do I add a community tab on my Facebook page?
How do some Facebook users set picture as a background of their Facebook text status? Note that I don't mean color/gradient but actual picture.
Should one join Facebook or Instagram?
Would a web/mobile developer interview at Facebook/Instagram require heavy ds & algorithms?
Why would I get a push notification if one of my connections liked a post (not my post) on LinkedIn?
How many views is a Facebook post likely to have per share?
How do I find a USA active Facebook group?
If you have two separate Facebook accounts (as a company), is it possible to migrate the pages owned by each account to one account?
How can you drive traffic to an eBay or Amazon listing using Facebook?
Someone has hacked my Facebook account and posted something obscene. I want to change the password, but forgot my present password. How do I change it?
How do I check Facebook login status in Android?
What percent of Messenger users are English speaking?
How can I get more shares on my Facebook videos?
What is the simplest way to share an FB video to a non-FB user?
How do I un-archive a Facebook contact (conversation) to the inbox (desktop)?
How can I unlink a logged out Instagram account from my Facebook page?
How do I see “Friend Request Sent” on Facebook?
Do you feel annoyed that when you see Facebook telling you that an offender does not violate the standards of racism and violent remarks of theirs?
Henry Froelich asks: Is it liberating to have a Facebook account with no friends, just post publicly so that anyone can see, and comment?
How do I invite people who are not present in my Facebook friends list to like my Facebook page?
Can I expect to get a job in companies like Google, Facebook, etc. if I take CS at Sikkim Manipal University?
Does it leave a poor impression to start a conversation with a coworker you like on Facebook than in person?
How do police deal with cases related to Facebook IDs that were deleted 2 years ago?
What is the easiest way to embed Facebook photos as a slideshow on my website?
Can I access my WhatsApp via Facebook?
Is there any way I could find who visits my Facebook profile for free?
How do I know who my secret profile visitors are on Facebook?
How can I send Facebook notifications to other Facebook users?
Would Facebook's ParlAI scale to RDFS or OWL?
How do I remove the phone number from my FB account?
How do I get rid off of using Facebook?
How do you get Facebook page likes for your new startup page?
How do I delete a Facebook account which I don't use?
Why is the green dot after the phone icon on Messenger not shown for everyone?
What is the process to live steam cricket match on a Facebook Page?
Why is it easy to get likes on Facebook but hard to get upvotes on Quora?
Does Facebook feel a long-term threat to its viability and brand? Does it recognize that emerging social media platforms are stealing market share?
How can I join tech giants like Google, Facebook, MSFT as college dropout in India? And what salary can I expect?
If I customize who can see posts I'm tagged in on my timeline on Facebook, can they still see it in their newsfeed?
Can being active on Messenger also mean someone is scrolling through their feed or watching videos, etc.?
How do I find US-based Facebook Fiverr groups?
How can hide my friend list on Facebook using an Android phone?
What would cause me to stop being able to see when someone is active on Facebook Messenger? Would they have to have blocked me?
After a relationship ends, do you block or unfriend the ex on Facebook?
Why is Facebook getting boring?
Does Google share its big data with Facebook?
How do I increase the spending limit of a Facebook page?
How can you make your Facebook stand out?
How do we know how many page likes or post likes can we get with a budget of $500 for Facebook ads lifetime budget?
What language is Facebook Android app written in?
How do I make my Facebook page more popular among women?
How I can recover my Facebook account because I forgot the password?
Does everyone get Facebook stats on their page?
What's the difference between hosting and co-hosting a Facebook event as a fan page?
How can I know my friends on Facebook who never like my posts? I don't want to unfriend those people who keep liking my posts.
I have two accounts linked on Messenger. Will it show active for both accounts even when only one account is being used?
Why don't I see the Facebook explore option in desktop and only in Facebook application?
Can I export pictures in the comments on a Facebook page?
I've 3 pages with the personal profile, I claimed one page to the business manager and I want to restore it to my personal account, how can I do it?
Why do profile pictures of guys in WhatsApp, Facebook, etc. include their girlfriend while almost all girls will not have their partners' photo included in theirs?
What BlueKai data does Facebook collect? Are they cookies-based?
How do you target fans of other fan pages in Facebook ads?
Can I be notified if someone searches me or my Facebook page?
How do we extract mobile numbers from our friends on Facebook with the help of an Android device?
How many days is Facebook disabled for?
How can I bring back accidently spammed chats in Messenger?
I have a tech page on IG called @samsungblog_ that has more than 80k followers. How can I make money from that? I also have 3 more tech pages with 30k
Can I get alerts showing me how long I have been active on Facebook and Facebook messenger?
Why doesn’t my Facebook message to someone have blue ticks, even if he is online?
How am I supposed to help a friend whose Facebook account has been hacked?
What "new" business idea would you give these companies to expand their business: Amazon, Netflix, Apple, Uber, Facebook and Twitter?
How can I get more likes in Facebook group?
Is it possible to get a Facebook blue badge on a media page with 3.9k likes?
Can WhatsApp be hacked with a Facebook password?
Why has Facebook not acquired TripAdvisor yet?
How can I add a custom E-book cover to a PDF book?
How much is spent on Facebook advertising, on average, by a small scale business?
How does the Facebook “Suggestion” part work? How do they suggest friends?
Can you catch someone with a fake account on Facebook?
How do I get Facebook to remove a fake profile using my father’s identity? Reporting hasn't worked.
If Mark Zuckerberg became president, would he be consider the most powerful man alive?
Why are most of the people switching from Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, etc., to Quora?
Is anyone having issues with Facebook Ads, Ads Manager, or getting their ads reviewed? My Facebook ads are not getting reviewed.
There are so many ads about the ‘No. 1 Internet Marketing/Marketer’ on Facebook. Which one is the most reliable and true?
China's protective market has created competitors to Google, FB and Amazon. Should other countries follow so as to cultivate homegrown companies?
Which social networks have the best comments under the comment model?
How do I get fake followers on a Facebook fan page?
What is the biggest free classified Facebook page in Bangladesh?
How can I get the blue mark on my Facebook profile?
Isn't the social media like Snapchat and Instagram making today's youth more pretentious?
How do I find out who has seen my comments on a photo on Facebook?
Why do people not support your posts on Facebook?
How do I market to a specific segment of the population on Facebook?
What is the age to use Facebook?
How do I block someone from seeing my FB page?
How do I get back into my Facebook account if someone changed my password?
What are Facebook texts?
What accounts for Facebook's decline in popularity?
Can I share a Facebook page event on LinkedIn?
Have you ever tried to troll anyone online while chatting?
How do I change unpublished Facebook posts to published?
Why can’t India make Google and Facebook?
What is the best reply if a stranger abuses me on Facebook?
Is there a way to tell what targeting options people are using to serve you a specific Facebook ad?
Why would someone make private their relationship status on FB? Especially when you can link to their partner that says married?
How can I make an auto-reply in my Facebook account?
How can I log in to Gmail or Facebook knowing only my username using an inspect element?
What are the pros of being on Facebook? We have all read numerous answers on the cons already.
What are the best uses or features of Facebook?
Is there an iPhone app that combines SMS, email, and Facebook messenger in one inbox?
What softwares & platform does Google and Facebook use to create marketing materials?
Why are some (maybe many) people 'not' using Facebook/Twitter? I’d like to understand their angle as well.
What is the most expensive country in which to advertise on Facebook, in terms of CPC & CPM?
Can one get malware by visiting a real Facebook page?
Can you Suggest me some hacks of Facebook?
Should I add a guy I like on Facebook?
Can I follow back links from Facebook and Google Plus?
How do I share HTML canvas to Facebook using Facebook JavaScript SDK?
How can I find my first Facebook?
How can I report hacking on Facebook?
What is Facebook's code review process like?
How do I set up a Facebook ads campaign targeting people suffering from injuries?
How can I get a brand endorsement for my Facebook videos, if they are seen by 1lakh people on average?
Why do people say Instagram is for close friends and Facebook is for everyone?
What are your thoughts on Facebook's Two-Person-Live feature on Facebook Live?
Why do I get suggestions of my contacts on Facebook when I have not linked my phone number to the account?
How can I know if someone used my Facebook account without my permission?
How do we post live video on Facebook from a mobile?
Is there an app I can use to delete one entire year of Facebook post, while keeping other years intact?
What are some of the questions asked in Facebook interviews?
How do I find private profiles from my fiancee’s Facebook account?
Why did Facebook take back the 'Thankful' flower emoticon?
Which is the best group on Facebook for puzzles?
How can I cancel a pending request on Facebook?
Which is a better option to promote a home based business? A Facebook page or a blog?
How can you tell if someone is messaging someone on Messenger?
Do you think Facebook is becoming YouTube's younger sibling?
How do you feel when you are at home and see a pictures of a group of friends on Facebook or Instagram?
Is there any app which help us to see who has checked our WhatsApp and Facebook profile?
Is Mark Zuckerberg egoistic?
How do I get on Facebook if it's blocked by the wifi?
Why doesn't Facebook take reports seriously?
What is the best way to report a Facebook page with more than 100,000 followers, and is there a specific number of Facebook users to report it?
How can I display Facebook album on my website using different layouts? (Grid, Masonery, Slideshow etc)
How do I transition a viral content media Facebook page to a business direction?
TamilRockers is one of the piracy websites. They are interacting with the people in Twitter and Facebook. Can the cybercrime department do something?
Is it a good idea to send my former teacher a friend request on Facebook?
How do I use Facebook and WhatsApp on a Blackberry Z10?
Can a candidate go through multiple recruiters for Facebook or Google at the same time? Do they see each other's candidate history?
Do you think Quora is more addictive than Facebook and Instagram?
Is it legal for someone to keep a deceased family member's profile on Facebook active after that person has died without noting it in their profile?
How can we counter a point where someone says its not a bad thing (could be anything like, social networking etc.) in itself if it's used properly?
Why did the icon marketplace on my Facebook account suddenly disappear?
What is/are the best programming language/s to learn, if you want to work in Facebook or Google?
How can I browse Facebook anonymously?
Which one is very important in Facebook marketing: page likes or post engagement?
Is there a way to safeguard your Facebook Custom Audiences in case your ad account gets disabled?
Why do people say that Facebook targeting is amazing when I can only select age, gender and interests?
Is Facebook interesting for BtoB marketers?
Facebook has used my ID to do verification in the past, how long does it keep a copy of that ID and how do I remove it?
Did Mark Zuckerberg die?
What do I do with a Google Tracking Code and Facebook Pixel?
How do I stop my Facebook addiction?
Is it common for Facebook and Google users to distrust the companies and feel helpless about it?
Why has the search functionality on Facebook buy-and-sell groups been removed?
Why does Facebook specifically not allow you to untag yourself from other people's comments?
Can you see your Facebook password on messenger?
I deactivated my account. Will she still get my message?
Can we get a Facebook users list from a particular location using an FB API?
Is there any way to search a Facebook account​ by the uploaded pictures on that account​?
How do I check my Facebook archive?
Why does Facebook keep rejecting my ad?
Why do giants like Google and Facebook spend money on advertising?
What are the creepiest things Facebook has ever done?
What can we expect from Facebook TV this summer?
What will be Facebook's next step after a report of an account hack is made? How long does it take? What is Facebook’s customer care number (India), if one exits?
If a reporter is a type of journalist, and news is defined as noteworthy, am I a journalist if I post on Facebook something relevant to my friends?
Why do I still get notifications from Facebook when I have deactivated my account?
What is the best practice for really short term advertising on Facebook?
How do Facebook collection ads work?
Are there any good sites that I can market my credit restoration business other then Facebook and Instagram?
Could any Facebook password be difficult to hack?
How can I make people comment on my blog mainakiwiri.WordPress.com using their Facebook accounts?
How do I unfollow all of my friends on Facebook and just follow pages?
What is the salary for interns at Facebook in 2017?
How can I find my friend’s mobile number on Facebook without asking him?
Why has Google+ failed to triumph over Facebook?
How do you know if your friend on Facebook Messenger is on a call on Messenger?
How can I set up a FB page for a nightclub promoter?
How do I implement news feed for social network?
In what way can a Facebook Messenger bot help a college?
Should I put my ''concepts'' of a UI/UX redesign for sites like Spotify, Facebook etc. in my portfolio?
How can I advertised to married mums who are NOT in employment on Facebook?
How do I keep videos playing in the background, on Facebook, which I've started?
Are there any products that would work similarly to a private Facebook group for running an app pilot for teams of 50+ users? For feedback, support, etc.
What happened to the Norinder Mudi page on Facebook?
If a friend marks your message unread, will I still see the "seen" after?
How do I find out who is behind a Facebook page if they have not identified an admin and they do not reply to a message request?
Is there not a Facebook Page Template that features Events and Groups?
How do we integrate Facebook with CI?
If I bought one share of Facebook and the company increased in value by 10% two years later, how much would my single share be worth?
How do you stay connected to real life and not get lost in living for the next social media post?
How is Facebook reading my iMessages?
What developing app (e.g. Java, Python, Swift) was used to make Facebook?
Why are Pakistanis not as active on Quora as they are on Facebook?
Should you keep your enemies on Facebook?
Can I earn with Facebook videos?
Where can I find someone who can help me spy on my spouse’s Facebook and text messages without his knowledge?
What do programmers at big tech companies like Google, Facebook, etc., eat and drink to support their productivity (snacks, drinks, etc.)? What besides coffee do they consume?
Who gets unfriended and blocked online and what do they block you and unfriend you for?
Is having a Facebook account cut off worth sharing your ID?
What's stopping Facebook from building their own search engine and/or browser?
How many hours per day does a social media manager need to activate and surveil Facebook and Twitter campaigns?
Can a message on Facebook be traced back to me if I used a fake profile?
How is Quora reading my Facebook profile even though I made it private?
How can I change my Facebook account to be my work account?
Is there any way to lock an application (say, WhatsApp or Facebook) on the iPhone 6?
How do I check someone’s post on Facebook if they have a blog?
Has anyone on Quora recently deleted their Facebook account, and did doing so improve his/her quality of life?
What are the steps of building a Facebook messenger bot which will store data in a self-hosted database?
How many people or companies are working on trying to unseat Facebook as the dominant social media platform?
How do I get to know the best time of launching a blog while running a Facebook page?
Why does Facebook ad experts do not share some of their success secrets/tricks?
Why is Facebook business page taking more than 1 week to approve the products?
How can we earn money through Facebook in India?
What type of programming language should I learn if I want to make a social media platform like Facebook?
How do I retreive my password for Facebook without using the old verification?
Will companies like Facebook, Uber, Thankeyou and Airbnb survive in the market for the next 30 years?
When will moderated sites like Facebook, Quora, etc., acknowledge that posts in denial of anthropogenic global warming are essentially fake news?
Is Facebook's intention to implement Delegated Account Recovery instead of passwords adding more security to your account or compromising it?
How do I use Baybayin in Facebook?
How can you make an invitation on Facebook?
Is it a crime to hack a Facebook account?
My crush's birthday is tomorrow . He has kept it hidden on Facebook. Should I wish him?
Can I have Facebook to send me my password to another email?
To what extent can a Facebook account can be kept deactivated so that afterwards it can be recovered before Facebook permanently deletes it?
Why do people only send happy and travelling photos on WhatsApp and Facebook? Why don’t they also send some when they are going through some bad phase?
Can I legally publish 3rd party articles to Facebook Instant Articles if I credit the author?
How do I show my workplace on my Facebook profile?
How can I invite people who shared my post to like my Facebook business page?
Why have people started deleting their Facebook accounts?
Why does Facebook have such a horrible and poor programming design?
Why does Facebook not show Arnab's new channel Rebuplic as a trending topic?
Does Facebook hate Google?
Should I be back on Facebook?
Why are these companies paying such huge amounts to their interns?
What are some good Christmas Facebook statuses?
When does Messenger show when someone is online? Can Messenger show who is online without opening Facebook?
Is there any popular English social media app like Facebook or Twitter which has not yet been banned by the Chinese government?
Why do Facebook notifications still make sounds even after I turn off "Play a sound when each new notification is received"?
If someone's Facebook posts are not shareable and they wish to change this, what do they do?
How​ can I find a fake Facebook account​?
Is it possible to partner with a Facebook page with lakhs of likes for the promotion of my website in return for 20% of my AdSense income?
How do I write posts with attractive English on Facebook?
How do I unfollow everyone on FB?
Which is the most important company among Facebook, Google, and Apple?
How eseential is Facebook for professional networking? (I plan to do my MBA this year, haven't really felt the need of getting on Facebook till now)
Do celebrities have two Facebook accounts?
Where on Facebook Messenger can I find the date I blocked someone?
What are some other chat sites like Facebook?
What is the best social media marketing tools to schedule posts for Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Pinterest and Instagram?
What is the software from which Facebook is programmed?
How do the telecom operators block WhatsApp and Facebook in Kashmir? Is it possible to bypass them via a VPN?
Which algorithm or library did Facebook use to make their voice calling clear?
Why can’t I like any page on Facebook?
What are some of the cutest Facebook proposals?
How do I set up a Facebook marketing campaign targeting the parents of teens?
Can you save pictures from Facebook to your phone?
How do I recover my password for Facebook with no email, phone or password?
Is there any way we can convince the guys who own Facebook that their Messenger is trash?
How can one make his FB page popular without promotion?
How can I find friends by DOB on Facebook?
How I can make friends from Australia aside from Facebook?
What is the approximate number of daily "likes" and "reactions" exchanged on Facebook?
What was your reason for deactivating Facebook forever?
Why won't my brother friend me on Facebook?
How do I message verified people on Facebook and Twitter?
How can I save my uninstalled Facebook and WhatsApp data from others?
Is it possible to request all Facebook events in a certain area to use on a different website?
What is the best way to increase your Facebook followers without paid advertising (not including usual stuff like hashtags or groups, etc.)?
Why wouldn't ISPs block Facebook without net neutrality?
Do you think running ads on Facebook to drive leads to my virtual hosting affiliate site is likely to work?
Can someone work at Facebook only with freelance experience?
Why does Instagram know my Facebook friends even though the two accounts were never connected?
How can I report a bug to Facebook or Google or any website or app?
What is the process large product organizations go through to prioritize initiatives?
How do I store data in Android when the user is registered with Google/Facebook?
How can I transfer an app through Facebook?
How can I know my forgotten Facebook password without my email and my confirmation code number?
I blocked someone on Facebook after I sent them a message. Will I still know if they read the message I sent?
Did Mark Zuckerberg create the Facebook website alone? How?
How do I invite (add) people to my business page/group on Facebook if I am not connected with them on Facebook?
What is Quora really? I typed a question into Google only to find I had an account here; I am not kidding, my old Facebook profile picture and name were up.
My rapist has sent me a friend request like nothing happened for the 2nd time. What should I do?
How do I set GIF/slideshow as profile pic on Facebook?
How can I talk to Facebook for help?
I told my fiancée we shouldn't be friends on FB. Not for immoral reasons. Is this right thing to request if I need a little space?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a relation to Nate Zuckerberg, a deceased friend of mine, who was the developer of "Zuckerberg's Terminal" in Saddle Brook, NJ?
Could I say that " I'm the upcoming Mark Zuckerberg " to Mark Zuckerberg?
How do I stop overusing Facebook and Instagram? I keep on scrolling through them, even though I need to stop.
Facebook: How do I get auto-likes on a Facebook profile picture?
How do I find the location of a Facebook profile?
Why can I not accept more than 5000 friends on Facebook?
How can I share a post with my friends on Facebook?
How do you delete shared photos on Facebook Messenger?
Is there any FB liker which works?
How can I bring back my brother’s memorialised Facebook page?
Say I run a fidget spinner dropship site. While advertising on Facebook, what should be my target audience?
Are there any Malayalees working at Facebook?
When and what was the reason behind you permanently deleting your Facebook account?
Is there any remote possibility that if you're chatting from your laptop/PC on Facebook that it will show 'sent from mobile'?
Is tourism in China marketed through Facebook?
Is it true that government can monitor our chats like WhatsApp and Facebook or SMS?
How do I survive without using Facebook, Instagram, and/or WhatsApp?
What are the products of Facebook? Why do they keep recruiting when their product is saturated?
How would the Facebook look like and function, if it was found by a Pakistani?
On what basis do Facebook comments appear at the top?
How can I read my husband's FB's secret conversation messages without his knowledge and without any password, and how do I open it in my mobile?
How dou you deal with passive aggressive Facebook posts?
How should I settle my Facebook account?
How famous do I need to be to get my Facebook profile verified?
Is it OK to ask your interviewer at Facebook for feedback?
What are some examples of IT Project Management’s best practices in large companies like Amazon, Facebook, etc.?
Does employee engagement with a company’s Facebook page damage its ability to reach potential customers?
What’s a nice and appropriate comment for a girl's photo on Facebook?
How can I find out when and where a Facebook account was created?
Can I replace a Facebook video without losing the likes?
Can I find out if anyone had unfollowed me on Facebook?
How long does WhatsApp keep deleted photographs on their servers, or does WhatsApp keep deleted media?
How do I find out who my non-friends Facebook followers are?
Is it normal for a couple to constantly flirt with each other and praise each other on Facebook walls when they could do it via a private text?
Are there enough potential users with VR gear for Facebook Spaces or is the project launch premature?
How much money would Google/Facebook/Microsoft give if you hacked them?
What are some Facebook or Google Plus groups and communities where I can promote my spa, which also gives massages?
Are you that one person who sends game requests on Facebook to everyone? Why?
How do you get the purple flower button on Facebook?
How do I become friends with someone I'm Facebook friends with?
When did you realise that Quora is better than Facebook?
Why is Messenger sending invites from me to unknown people?
Do Facebook or Instagram use Firebase?
Should I create a separate account for my company on likedin?
I have deleted a recent message on Facebook with a friend but the contact is still on the top of my message log. How can I rearrange?
Could I scrape the profiles of my friends (in an Excel file) on Facebook? If so, how?
Instagram doesn't recognize that my Facebook business page exists. How do I fix this?
How is access suspended to a site in a particular country? For example, how did Turkey block Wikipedia, or how did Egypt block Facebook?
How do I know who has shared a post I posted on my Facebook page?
Can I know someone's Facebook fanpage name through his/her Instagram business account?
Is there an e-commerce platform that is a Facebook app?
Did Tab Ruffin block me on Facebook?
How can I go on my messanger without opening my Facebook account?
How do I get my old Facebook account I deleted back?
Are sites like Facebook actually limiting the whole idea of the web and the internet by monopolizing it?
What if Facebook and Google never existed?
What's the most interesting social media post you've ever seen?
How do I unblock a message from a friend on Facebook after deleting the conversations?
Is it a good idea to get Shutterstock photos for free from Facebook then resell them?
Why did you change your profile picture?
Do celebrities have personal Facebook accounts?
How many customers does Facebook have?
How do I shut a hacker, who manages to get back in even with repeated password changes and increased security, out of my Facebook account?
How do I appeal Facebook blocking outgoing links to my website?
How do you prevent messages on Facebook altogether? I don't have Messenger. My chat is turned off, but it still comes into the inbox. I don't want them.
How is it that I log into Quora with my Facebook credentials, then the next day my profile has been suddenly altered?
How can I block Facebook’s ads review system?
Why did Zuckerberg start Facebook?
What are some media marketing prices for various social media sites like Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Pinterest, etc.?
What are some smart ways of purging one's Facebook friends list without coming across as a jackass?
What demographics use social media?
Do questions on Quora such as "what are you wearing right now?” likely indicate the 'Facebook crowd' is infesting Quora?
What should I do when someone is killing my group on Facebook using an admin account?
Which is the best social media site: Facebook or Google+?
Is Facebook using lambda architecture?
What is the best payment method for Facebook ads from Nepal?
What are the things you wished a chat messenger should have?
Why is there no mobile version of the Facebook Friends feed?
How much does a social media agencies charge?
How can I get deleted WhatsApp and Facebook messages through someone's phone?
How can I see the full list of my read books on Facebook?
Why in some Android (M) devices, while video calling on Messenger, isn’t the option of face filters applied through the (* type icon)?
Is there a way to get the Audience Insights from the Facebook pages of my competitors?
Why is Quora quickly becoming like Facebook? Are we Indians responsible for its deterioration in quality?
Facebook unpublished my page because of a false copyright report. Facebook accepted the report was false but will not re-publish my page. What now?
Can I go live on Facebook and Twitter with only my computer, as I have no other devices?
How is Facebook able to not let the technology scanner softwares to detect the technologies it is using?
How can I get my Facebook account back after being banned? I didn't do anything to violate their rules.
Can we get money if we find mistakes in Facebook?
How can I get flower react in Facebook?
How often are the Facebook Pixel events (stats) updated in the Facebook Ads Manager?
Why is there no sound when I shoot a video for my Facebook story?
What is the billing threshold on Facebook, and why do they charge extra?
How can I verify my Facebook account without Gmail or phone number?
How do I find someone with a fake Facebook account and email?
How can I know anyone’s Facebook password?
Does anybody use the autoliker for FB and feel content with it? Why or why not?
How I can check what is trending on Facebook?
When making a new account after my Facebook account was disabled I am logged out and asked for a selfie. Has anyone else experienced this?
Is it possible to make your cellular data look like it's coming from somewhere like Facebook, or receive your data through Facebook?
Why won't Facebook add my images when I share my post?
Has anyone hacked the Facebook website and wrote his own content?
What can I do to counter all the fake Facebook accounts and bots spreading fake news?
Why won't Facebook load?
How I can re-add a contact on Facebook Messenger after removing them?
How do we physically unsubscribe to all of Facebook, like forever?
Why do people still use Facebook? Why don't they try Masspal?
Why can't I connect my Facebook account to Twitter?
Would it be better for a website that promotes local events to have one Facebook page for each city or a single page for the entire business?
Is it possible to see time stamp on Messenger of someone I unfriended?
Am I able to merge two of my Facebook pages even if my account is temporarily blocked?
Can someone hack my Android phone if they know my Facebook ID?
Can someone know if I save any of their Facebook photos on my phone?
How do you remove the block list on Facebook? I don't want to unblock the users, I just don't want to see them on the list and on Facebook.
Is it fine that I'm not checking my boyfriend's Facebook and WhatsApp?
What is the meaning of :D :V in Facebook?
Will Snapchat sustain with competition from Facebook?
How do I unsubscribe from Quora via Facebook?
Would Facebook allow a PM to work from home 1-2 days a week?
How can I remove a green dot from Facebook?
Why am I getting phished out of my Facebook account?
How do I get rid of boost post messages on Facebook pages?
How can I see the timeline of the person who blocked me on Facebook?
How does Facebook’s people suggestions work?
How can Facebook ruin good friendships?
How can I turn on the chat notification in Google Chrome while using Facebook?
Does Netflix sell your viewing data to Facebook and Instagram?
Can you get the phone number of a friend just by using the Messenger info?
How does Facebook keep track of which people have seen a post in a group?
How do I know if someone is stalking me on but anyway other than appearing in the people you may know list caus I've deleted him accidentally?
There are so many ads on Facebook. How can I get them all to stop harassing my life?
What if my wife has made a fake Facebook account to stalk someone?
What is the ad budget for Facebook?
Are there any websites where you can find some nice Facebook contest materials and ideas?
How do I login into Instagram if there is some suspicious activity on your account, you forgot your recovery email password, and Facebook doesn't work?
Can I send Facebook a photo ID to recover my Facebook account?
How do I find potential customers (for x) based on their Facebook activity?
How do you see your friend's location on Messenger with the red dot?
All of my Facebook friends are unfriending me. Why is this happening?
How do I find friends on Facebook by interest?
How do I share a Laravel 5 blog post (custom title, image, URL, and summary) on Facebook?
If a fake Facebook account has been created, what should I do?
Can we track a person's Facebook profile by copying their Facebook profile link?
What is best way to earn money with Facebook?
How can I use Facebook to make my app popular?
Facebook disabled my account. Will other users be able to see it during the verification period?
“I see the world in terms of what I would like to see happen, not what actually does.” page number in book?
How do I find a cell number on Messenger?
How can I delete a profile from Aisle?
What do you think of Facebook's improved Marketplace?
Why have my Facebook page's net likes dropped so suddenly after I stopped using ads?
How can I get my chat back after I deleted it from my Facebook messenger?
Why do some people purposely not use social media websites and applications like Facebook?
If I write something of my own on Facebook (which I intend to use one day in a book), is anybody else who reads it allowed to use it?
Is there any way by which I can know the person who searched me on Facebook?
If someone shares a post of mine on Facebook, should I give a like to that share?
How can I like many people on Facebook automatically?
Why does Facebook change my white image border to off-white/yellow?
How do I see if I'm on a person’s WhatsApp on Facebook?
When did Google, Microsoft, and Facebook get serious about machine learning?
Is there anyone selling Facebook verified pages?
How can a 2nd-year college dropout get a good job at YouTube, Facebook or Google, with only Ruby as a primary language?
If you could redesign the Facebook logo, how would it look like?
If Facebook is a building, is it one of the most complicated buildings in the world?
Why do some messages on Facebook show the seen notification after a day when the seen time was yesterday when I sent it?
Why can people that I am not friends with on FB see what I say to my real FB friends?
What can be a solution to the fake accounts on Facebook?
On Facebook, can hidden friends still show up as "people you know?"
How do you input a devil smiley on Facebook?
If Pokémon trainers had social media (for simplicity, let's say Twitter or Facebook), what would they post?
How do I target baby products on Facebook ads?
How do websites like MensXP open so fast when clicked from their Facebook page?
Why is my Facebook account temporarily blocked?
What is the best text message you have ever sent/received?
What is the minimum sign on bonus for an average engineer joining Facebook?
On Facebook, how similar do page names have to be to merge pages?
Do Facebook and WhatsApp use AWS for their data backup?
Why is it best to use old pictures for our profile image?
Does Facebook have a contingency plan if its “Thumbs up” icon offends users in Bangladesh, Iran, and/or Thaïland and creates a backlash?
How do I control who can see comments made on my Facebook posts?
How do I delete a person off of Messenger?
Is it better to work as an analyst at Facebook or Amazon? What's the strongest brand in the CV?
How do I see other people’s messages on Facebook Messenger?
What can I announce on Facebook to let my friends and family know that I’m a real estate agent and would like them to hire me?
Is it possible to get someone else's messages from Facebook Messenger?
How do I add my Instagram to my FB profile?
How do I get a job at Facebook as a client solution manager in NYC?
How do I optimize my ad’s viewability?
Why do big, well-known companies like Google and Facebook still need to do marketing?
How can I get the purple flower reaction on Facebook, if I’m from the Middle East?
How can I create a credential to go next to my profile name on my profile page?
I have created my own social networking app and how do I monetize it with sponsored ads like Facebook has other than using Google's AdSense?
What caused the failure of Orkut and the success of Facebook?
What’s the best Facebook video you've seen lately?
How come Facebook is syncing my contacts?
How can I get 1,000 Facebook likes for my page?
Is it good to ask for your girlfriend’s Facebook account?
Facebook takes a lot of space. How is it possible to remove your Facebook content off a device?
What is the difference between optimizing for a 1-day click and a 7-day click in Facebook?
Why can't I access Facebook for Messenger apps while in Messenger since the newest update?
What is the purpose of degrees (from school, college, university and society) and education?
How can you make money from adverts on your Facebook?
Why won't my Messenger app work on Facebook?
Why did my Facebook Dynamic Ads Campaign stop being delivered?
Why did Facebook need permission from the EU Antitrust Commission before acquiring WhatsApp (since both companies HQs are in the US)?
How do you unlike something that you accidentally liked on Facebook?
If I change my relationship status on Facebook from into a relationship to single, will it notify the other person?
When someone mutes a conversation what does the other person see on Messenger?
Why won't Facebook let me upload a profile video?
Facebook shows "Your account is not eligible for this process". How do I get this problem solved?
Why is my Facebook message stuck on sent?
What does Facebook do for improving performance and tuning?
How is the war between Snapchat and Facebook going to end?
I'm planning to quit Facebook, what are the good and bad consequences that will follow?
What app or tool can I use to get likes on my Facebook page or followers in my Instagram?
Why can’t other websites like Facebook be made?
How can I place ads on TrueCaller through Facebook?
How can one generate leads for art products through Instagram and Facebook?
Where can I find open source code for common features in web apps, such as Facebook likes, adding friends, etc.?
How do I get off of someone’s Facebook page?
How come I cannot friend request someone on Facebook?
How can I make money from Amazon by promoting its product on a Facebook page without a website?
Any tool to know your competitor’s spending behaviour on Facebook ads?
What are the best Facebook groups by subject?
How can I stop people from being able to post photos in the comments of my photos or posts on my Facebook profile page?
How can I create the next big company like Facebook, Google, Apple, with a social purpose without having adequate technical skills?
If I want someone to see 'Facebook User' in place of my name in their message history, what should I do?
Does Facebook have VIP accounts?
In Facebook ads, when you run a re-targeting campaign and a normal campaign, and a user sees both, how do you know to which your attribution goes?
Is FaceBook a web application​ or not?
Why can't I post anything on Facebook?
What should be my targeted audience (for FB Ads) for a Bollywood News website?
How is the "People You May Know" feature useful for companies like Facebook and LinkedIn? How does it bring additional revenue to those companies?
Is there a way to increase Facebook page likes or Twitter followers?
Is there any Facebook page liker that doesn't use an access token?
What is the reason behind the face filter app on Facebook? Why integrate a feature that already exists on Snapchat?
How can I send a messenger invite if I'm blocked from FB?
Why is Facebook so strict? Even if you didn’t post nude pictures, you get blocked. So unfair!
Why is WhatsApp down right now (May 4, IST)?
How do I stop Facebook videos from sticking to the left side when I scroll down?
How can I recover my Facebook account?
Which is safer for my site, Facebook login API or my own code for login/signup?
What is the best paying URL shortener service that accepts Facebook postings?
What is the temporary profile picture of Facebook?
Can I integrate Facebook to run adverts on my social network website? If yes, how?
In Facebook advertising, how do you report numbers to clients?
Does Facebook/Instagram use image recognition to enrich Audience Insights and target settings on Facebook Ads Manager?
What does the medical community think about the “The truth about cancer" videos that surface twice yearly on Facebook?
Are customers more likely to purchase a product after seeing it on Facebook or Instagram?
Why is Facebook's moderation so inconsistent?
How much does Facebook earn from its users' data?
Is WhatsApp more secure than Facebook?
What are some ways to find people on Facebook?
How long will it take to get hired by the Big 4 (Facebook, Google, Amazon, and Microsoft) from scratch?
How do I get Graph API Facebook post insights from last month?
What is a Facebook pixel?
Why was WhatsApp valuable enough for Facebook to buy it?
What are some great Facebook banner or cover photo templates?
What experiments are run at companies like Quora, Google, Facebook, etc. to implement new product features?
How do I transfer my contacts from Lumia 520 to my Facebook account, or Microsoft account?
What time is good to spam Facebook for my app?
How many people use Facebook Messenger without a Facebook account?
Which app is used to make pamphlets or photos to post on Facebook or social media?
How can I send a request to a person if Facebook keep on showing 'send request to person you know only'?
How do I get my mom's Facebook account unfrozen?
Does Facebook Password Sniper work?
What happens if I change the text of a private event on Facebook? Does everyone invited see the change?
How can I promote my page on Facebook without being charged?
How do I disable likes and comments on Facebook cover photo?
How do I retrieve my Facebook friend list?
Did Facebook abuse the word "friends"?
Why the hell I have to enter Facebook every time to reach or make a question? Isn't once just enough?
In Swift, how can I match two users randomly who have logged onto my app through Facebook?
How can I best use Facebook ads to market my art?
How can one increase their number of Facebook likes?
Why did Mark Zuckerberg choose PHP to make Facebook?
How do you avoid the feeling of uselessness when spending too much time on Facebook?
Can I get money from a Facebook page?
What is someone doing when Messenger shows “active now”?
Is it good to provide prices when selling items on Facebook or not?
How do reactivate my account with 1freehosting?
How can Facebook Live improve to prevent shocking live streams?
How do I increase the number of visitors and followers of my new Facebook pages, in order to achieve success?
Can we find out how long a particular person has been a part of a Facebook group even if he or she is not on your friends list?
Why does Facebook and other websites remember old passwords?
Can nickname-based, open chat rooms have the same virality as real-world relationships based social networks like Facebook?
I have an author page at Amit Ahlawat. I keep my audience updated on it, however the page shows very low levels of audience engagement. How can I improve?
How do we grow our first 10K subscribers in YouTube, Facebook page, and Twitter effectively?
How can you find a Facebook friend by using his or her ID number?
Why doesn't Twitter implement "Live Video" feature like Facebook?
Can you trust the website emailsupport-Australia.com to provide assistance with Facebook etc.?
Is there a way I can rank people I am not friends with on Facebook by how many of my "good friends" they are friends with by using API?
If I do not log out from FB then will I remain online always to other people?
How are the file and folder structures at Facebook and Google?
What are the top 100 Facebook pages?
The Facebook social login API was having issues earlier. Is the social login for Facebook and/or Google working now for e-commerce sites?
How can you make a wink symbol on Facebook?
Which service is a part of Google, Facebook, YouTube or Twitter?
Is it possible to increase fake likes for a Facebook post?
Do people get promoted easily at Facebook? On average, how long does it take to move from one career level to the next?
How can you trace a Facebook hack?
How can I find out if my boyfriend is having secret conversations on Messenger, using his login information?
What kind of information can I get from a Facebook user’s friends?
Why is Quora making me use my personal Facebook account. Why can't I use my business page?
Is there a football Facebook page or Android app that informs you of completed transfers?
Why doesn’t Mark Zuckerberg write on Quora?
What is the good post for Facebook?
How large an audience should I use when running test ads on Facebook?
Does Facebook really give money to these people?
How can I find out my friend’s Facebook password without her knowing?
Does my Instagram activity show up on Facebook?
Why doesn't Facebook Messenger send email notifications anymore?
If I re-upload a video on Facebook and tag the source, would that consider as a copyright issue?
How can I copy my FB page link?
Will a green dot appear next to a friend’s name if they aren't active on Messenger?
Do narcissts see their friends as "friends" or as competitors?
Is there anyone who can share the names of big bloggers who specialize in Facebook marketing and Facebook ads in the U.S.?
Why can't I post a profile picture and a cover picture on my business page? Even when I hover over the images, it doesn't give me an option to upload.
What is the benchmark for Facebook and Instagram engagement for 2016?
Can someone who has access to my Facebook password and telephone number check my account?
Facebook page boost amount?
What's next after Facebook and twitter?
Are my Facebook friends able to see my Facebook pages?
What does a gray dot next to a friend’s name on Messenger mean?
What will happen if you like every single post on your Facebook feed every single day?
If you could show just one page of your daily diary from your entire life to your love, which page would it be?
Why do you have to wait 48 hours to unblock someone on Facebook?
What kind of FB page shall I make?
How can I log into my Gmail account that’s associated with my Facebook account?
When you upload an email list on the "suggest page" option on a Facebook page, do the contacts get a notification to view the page?
In which platform were apps like Facebook, Snapchat, and WhatsApp made? I want to make a million dollar app and my idea is also new. Can I do that?
I want to be able to autopublish on Twitter and Instagram when I post on Facebook. Is there a way?
Are some girls who are tired of FB and Instagram, now using Quora just to share their pictures? They can skip those stupid questions but they don't. Why?
In which cases would you recommend Twitter ads VS Facebook ads?
What is the use of living?
How do I find out the email address associated with a Facebook account?
Why do companies like Facebook need and have so many workers?
What tools do you use to measure online interactions (on Facebook groups for instance)?
How do I set a manual daily budget in Facebook Ad Manager?
Why can’t I see the number of likes on a comment on Facebook?
How can I Download Video from Facebook to iPhone?
How can one make sure that his/her comments are only visible to the initiator of the post?
Does a delivered message on Messenger mean that it's been read if you click on it and you only see icons with faces?
How should I stop people from posting unflattering pictures of me on Facebook?
How do you use Adwords to promote a Facebook group?
How do I login to my Facebook account if I have lost access to the phone number to which the two factor authentication code will be sent?
What would have happened if you would have founded Facebook and not Wikipedia?
Is there any app on Android to change the voice on a Facebook messenger call?
How can someone make from Facebook?
Can I send an application using Facebook Messenger?
Has anyone made a friendship on Facebook and eventually gotten laid sooner in Mumbai?
How can I apply an “I Love Mom” filter picture on Facebook?
How do I make YouTube views increase with Facebook?
Why is Facebook all of a sudden filled with video's is it losing its charm?
How can I make 5000 Facebook friends in an instant?
How can I stream a pre-recorded video via Android Facebook live?
Why is Facebook not showing me how long my friend has not been active?
Is there anyone who can help teach me English for free, just on WhatsApp or Facebook?
How do I earn via Facebook and Instagram pages?
I'm an admin on a Facebook page. How do I "like" a comment on my page posts as that page?
Is it safe to link Facebook with instaGC?
Can I add her on Facebook without asking?
How can I change my connection to Quora from a Facebook account to a Google account?
How do we get Facebook Ads insights with an hourly breakdown?
How do I view the older Facebook settings?
I know how to remove a trending topic on Facebook, but how do I get it back?
Do you think Google and Facebook have to take responsibility for Fake News?
Why does the Messenger icon show blue even when it says the person is unavailable for calling?
Is it possible to retrieve Facebook “secret conversations” encrypted messages from a person’s own mobile after deleting them?
How can someone get fast likes on Facebook?
What are some of the epic FB posts?
Does Facebook have a special appeal to women?
What social activities are most likely to reduce your IQ?
How can I contact Facebook or YouTube for a business offer? Is it possible at all for a startup? Thanks ahead.
How can I collect posts from public Facebook pages related to a specific topic?
Is Quora better than Facebook for sharing knowledge?
Is it possible to hide "active k minutes ago" on Facebook Messenger?
Does Messenger tell you if your message request to a non-Facebook friend has been ignored? Answer with proper English, not fresh from Albania.
Social networks such as Facebook use profiles to store information about their users. How do I create a simple database to store these user's profiles?
Does Facebook use Node.js at all?
What if India bans Facebook, LinkedIn, Google and Quora?
How can you play Bubble Safari on Facebook?
What audience interest should I use to get my plus-size boutique seen by plus-size women on Facebook?
What would happen if someone tag a person on a video I shared only with selected people on Facebook?
How do I get Facebook to take down my father's fake profile on Facebook? It was created by somebody else, and we are unable to get the password.
Why are my Facebook page posts not going to Twitter?
My ex hasn't deleted our pics from her Facebook, however she gets mad if I remove them from mine. What does this mean?
What can I do about a fake Facebook account?
What is the best way to target the public that is interested in an e-commerce site through Facebook ads?
How do I verify celebrity Facebook accounts?
How do I curb my Facebook addiction?
Is Facebook going to make Facebook Marketplace a standalone app?
Would you like to delete your Facebook account before your death?
How do websites like Quora or Facebook handle so much user requests?
If I bought one share of Facebook, would that share involve interest or are there different types of shares that can be invested in?
What do you do when you get bored and don’t want to wast your time on Facebook, Instagram, Quora, etc.?
How do I do link-building when I am doing business via Facebook?
How can I get a huge amount of website traffic from Facebook?
Can somebody read my Facebook messenger posts?
Should Facebook, Google and others be banned?
Why are my Facebook friends still friends with my abuser?
How many likes do I have to have on Facebook to make money?
How can I reach Jared Morgenstern?
Can I get million likes on my Facebook page?
How do I post old photos to Facebook and Instagram stories?
Is it possible to fetch other users data from Tumblr using R?
Why is Facebook not attacking and cloning musical.ly like Snapchat in the US?
What does the ‘now’ mean under the person’s name in the Facebook messenger?
How do I get inorganic likes on Facebook?
Does Facebook have new rules about posting links to pages?
Is your Facebook cover image mobile friendly?
How sustainable is Facebook's business model?
What is the most trending technology common in Google, Facebook, Microsoft, etc.?
How do I allow applications local admin rights using a group policy without giving user admin rights to the whole machine?
Apparently, Facebook can't stand the sight of Snapchat. Why aren't their (failing) cloning efforts frowned upon? It almost seems like Facebook is being saluted.
How can I recover my old Facebook account without Gmail or mobile number and forgotten my password?
Can anyone post pictures of me on social media without my consent?
How do you deal with a fake and envious friend? You just hate seeing their Facebook posts. Is blocking or unfriending​ a great idea?
What would happen to all of the accounts of Facebook users in the current generation after, say, 60 years after all of us would have passed away?
What is Facebook Pixel, conversions and micro conversions?
How do I recover my Facebook password with the normal procedure since I lost the SIM card of telephone?
What will happen if I stop using social apps like WhatsApp, Facebook, Messenger, etc.?
How can I find someone on Facebook from 8 Ball Pool?
How do I link the birth dates of my friends on Facebook to my iPhone?
How can I delete messages I sent to someone on Facebook in both conversations?
Is there any software or process to increase likes on a Facebook post?
How common is it for people to fall in love with someone after reading their entire Facebook Timeline?
How do I advertise on Instagram and Facebook simultaneously when the accounts are already linked?
Can you share your picture here? Do you use another social networking sites like Instagram, Facebook, etc?
Can I trace my laptop without knowing its Mac address, by using the Wi-Fi previous record, an email sent from that, or a Facebook account?
What are the Indian (indigenous) options of Facebook, WhatsApp, Quora, Google in India, as the Chinese already have developed their own?
Why don’t Facebook Messenger and WhatsApp use WebSocket?
How does Facebook choose who shows up in the chat sidebar? What does the green light mean?
How much do photo sharing apps like Instagram, Snapchat, Facebook compress images?
If a famous person lets you send them a PM on Facebook, does that mean that they like you?
What is your opinion of Facebook addiction among Indians?
Who did Tenisha Jackson chat with the most on Facebook?
What is the revenue model for Facebook games?
What is the perfect budget strategy for Facebook ads if I'm doing dropshipping?
Is there any tutorial on how to monetize my 100k organic followers on a Facebook page with my blog?
What are some good chat sites like Facebook?
Can I link more than one Facebook account to one Instagram account?
How can I automatically mass invite people who like my posts to like my Facebook page?
Why was the Note feature in Facebook scrapped?
Is it legal to share other people's public shared Facebook pictures on my Facebook page?
How do I get a job with Google or Facebook if I am from India?
Is there any plugin to video block from Facebook apart from its default settings?
What does it mean on Facebook Messenger when the status says active a minute or x minutes ago but the green icon is off?
What are the monthly incomes of the owners of Facebook and Google?
Wouldn't Facebook have strong advantages if they entered into competition against Uber, Thankeyou and Airbnb?
What are the details of advertising on Facebook?
What are other sites you can start a group on besides Facebook?
How can I advertise my Facebook page free of cost on Facebook?
How can (and should) I tell my friend to stop oversharing on Facebook?
Is it also possible to create Facebook ads for Australia being located in Germany?
Why does Facebook keep asking for documents, when I already submitted documents 2 times?
How can I know the true identity of a person on Facebook?
How can I disable Facebook's appointment feature?
Which are the most interesting closed groups on Facebook concerning productivity and self-improvement?
Can we find the amount of sales that are generated every day in the advert manager on Facebook?
Is Sanjeev Bhatt’s Facebook account fake?
What is the future of messaging apps in providing customer service (WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, vChat)?
What are the latest Facebook video marketing techniques?
Does Facebook keep a permanent record of their user's entire Activity Log, even once the users delete their activity/search history?
People are using Twitter and Facebook where their freedom of expression has been removed and people are stacked in little groups with the same opinions. Why?
How can I close my Facebook account?
Is it possible to create a plugin for Facebook that automatically modifies the call-to-action button (e.g. Shop Now) on someone else’s Facebook page?
I cursed a girl I know out on Facebook Messenger. She didn't reply, but she didn't delete me or unfriend me. What does this mean?
What is the highest number of shares any of your Facebook posts has ever achieved?
Can I translate any article at any website and publish it on my website or Facebook ?
How do I block Facebook and LinkedIn notifications in Gmail?
People seem friendlier on Instagram than on Facebook. What role does UI design play in that?
A friend of mine on Facebook recently added 4 people but I can only see 3, is there a way to find out who this is?
Why did Facebook change the UI for changing profile pictures?
How many friends do you have on Facebook and how many of them are your close friends?
Whether they speak about spirituality, entrepreneurship, health or investing, who are your favorite people to follow on Facebook?
If Facebook, Snapchat, or one of the other big social media websites went out of business, what would happen to all of the data they've collected?
Can I see who is visiting my FB page?
How do I prevent my Facebook fan page from being unpublished?
She always responds to my WhatsApp messages, but not to my Facebook messages. She is always online on Facebook. Should I leave her?
What needs to be done to keep Quora from being hijacked by political vested interests like Facebook?
Where can I buy sparklers (fireworks) online in India with COD facility (could be any site, Facebook page, Instagram account, etc.)?
What would you do to a friend on Facebook who's ​been talking bad about you behind your back and being envious? Block him, or leave him in your friends list?
How do I remove the annoying bar of Direct/Your Story from showing up at the top of my news feed on Facebook?
Why can't I see all persons who reacted to my FB photo?
What policies/restrictions exist around paying people to post to their Facebook, Instagram and Twitter timelines?
What offerings does Facebook have for real estate agents to advertise? How effective is it?
Where can I find someone to help me get my hacked Facebook ID back? I don’t even know the email.
Can I use my Quora address on Facebook?
Will blocking someone's phone block them through Facebook?
What if you are in love with your Facebook friend?
How do I recover deleted Facebook photos?
How can I get data from a Facebook individual’s profile?
Why is it that a man thinks it's ok to have photos and videos open on all sites and thinks he needs over a thousand friends on Facebook?
How can Quora be useful in JEE preparations with creating an extreme contrast to Facebook?
How do I use Facebook app without risking my privacy?
How am I able to change the event photo on Facebook?
Suppose xyz is a social networking site that will replace Facebook. What features will you expect from xyz?
Is there any automated way to reply on Facebook comments?
What if Facebook suddenly disappears?
Is replying on Twitter like commenting on a post on Facebook? If so, is it publicly posted?
How can I find Personal Ads on Facebook?
Facebook updates its Android and iOS application without an update from the App Store or Play Store. How is this possible? Is it a hybrid-using web?
Why is everyone so obsessed with Mark Zuckerberg?
A family member sent me a friend request on Facebook, should I add them?
How do I target a Facebook ad for selling LulaRoe?
What would've been better for Snapchat's founders, an IPO or taking the $ 3 billion dollar offer from Facebook?
People usually comment score when I become friends with someone on Facebook, what does their comment actually mean?
My Facebook profile isn't going public even though my settings are all set to everyone. Is there a way to force it to go public?
How can I fix a problem creating events on a Facebook business page?
Why I cannot send a second friend request to someone in Facebook?
How can I stop the frequent blocking of my Facebook account?
How much money does Facebook take away from India?
How can I share my responses without seeing other replies?
How do I stop friends from seeing my comments/likes on other pages?
What is your opinion about Ravindra Babu Ravula going live on Facebook and discussing with students on general matters?
Should I start up a sales website or do I create a Facebook page and sell the product there, mainly to save cost?
How can I add a link to my "Send to Mobile" button in Gameroom?
How do I make the Facebook comment box display on Blogger mobile view?
Where can I post my Facebook page so that everyone can see it and like it?
How does someone react when their Facebook account is hacked?
How can I retrieve a deactivated account of an old friend who I want to get in touch with?
How do you hide your feed from other people on Instagram?
How do online portals like Amazon and Facebook get people's money in their pockets technically?
Why doesn't Facebook Messenger say the dates of when someone reads your messages?
How come a comment notification appears in your email and YouTube notifications box but doesn’t appear in the comments section of a video?
How do I update my profile picture and name on messenger?
How do you get a job in Facebook Engineering?
Do you have to have Facebook to use Messenger?
How do I find someone's Facebook account using a picture?
How can I know about Facebook audience targeting?
How do I make a social networking site like Facebook without sufficient knowledge of software?
Is there anyway to bypass users on my app needing to click "send invite" to a friend on Facebook?
How much time does Facebook take in reviewing an additional document?
Is there a way to see all of my Facebook actions since day 1?
How much money should I invest per day in Facebook ads to promote a product if I'm doing dropshipping?
Is it possible to get a notification when someone activates their account on Facebook?
What does it mean if my Messenger message was sent but not delivered?
What Facebook groups is the best for business owners?
If I confirm a relationship request on Facebook, will it show on everyone's feed?
I created a Facebook account when I was 11 years old, but now I'm 15 years old. Would it be a good idea to change the year I was born from 1992 to 2002?
Does Facebook scan peoples brains?
Can we read someone's Facebook messages?
How can I make a Facebook survey?
My Facebook ID security check code was sent to my old phone number, and it won't let me select a different one. How do I change it?
Can I send messages to more than one person at a time on Facebook? What happens when I do so?
Can I view all of a specific Tumblr account’s posts, comments, replies, and likes?
How can I send more than 500 people an event invite on Facebook?
Does Facebook always know if a person is parent or it can miss a good percent of times - asking this from Facebook advertising perspective?
How often is the code refactored at Facebook/WhatsApp/Instagram?
I sent my teacher a Facebook friend request and she hasn't accepted it or rejected it. What does this mean?
Is Quora becoming the next Facebook, where people do stupid things?
What kinds of apps and software do Facebook and Microsoft buy?
Is there a way to automatically remove all tags of someone on my Facebook page? I have deleted all 'couple' photos of my ex and I don’t need to block.
How do you know if you have posted an inappropriate status to Facebook?
Does Facebook measure the reading time on a location of a feed?
Is Quora's 'upvote' an equivalent to Facebook's 'like '?
Is Quora addictive like Facebook and other social sites?
How's Instagram different from Facebook if it just enables us to upload photos and videos what we can always do on Facebook?
Is Facebook’s marketing unreliable?
Do you prefer your friends on Facebook share photos or short videos of their vacations?
How can I get notifications about a person of what he posts or what his friends post on his timeline who is not in my friend list in Facebook?
What does it mean if you added a person on Messenger?
How do I make a page on Facebook where I can sell handicrafts?
Why do some people replace “a” with “v” in Facebook posts and Messenger conversations ?
Is there a way of viewing content from a Facebook group without a Facebook account (such as a shareable link like on Google)?
Are ads available on Facebook Free Basics?
How much do we need to spend on Facebook or Instagram advertising (hypothetical number)?
How can I see when I was last logged in on my PicsArt account?
Do you know of any social network that uses common interests and algorithms to suggest friends, instead of being based on common friends?
Each time you message a non-friend on Facebook Messenger, do they have to accept your request for each message you send?
How do I check which Facebook friend requests I've declined?
What would Facebook look like if it didn't depend on our confirmation bias?
How do I find the email ID of an unknown Facebook user?
How can I return to my old Facebook password after changing it?
How can I see who looked at my Facebook profile?
What is the best way to market a Facebook shop and extend its reach?
Why doesn't Facebook buy Snapchat?
What is Facebook magazine? What is the way to build a Facebook magazine using digital marketing services?
Why does it beep before it rings when I call someone on Messenger?
Why do people on Quora blame social networking sites like Facebook, WhatsApp, etc.?
How is it to be at Facebook, Google, Microsoft, or Apple as an intern?
What's the realest thing someone has ever said to you?
How do I get more visitors to my blog from social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.?
Which has more impact on daily life: Facebook or Quora?
What happens if Facebook asks for my ID proof, and I never give it to them?
What does the flower smiley in Facebook denote?
What will you miss if you don't open Facebook and Instagram for a year?
How do I invite someone to Messenger who is not on Facebook?
What's the difference between Facebook and YouTube in terms of their ad releasing strategy?
What reason is there for someone disappearing from my “people you may know” list on Facebook after a period of time? I didn’t remove him.
How can one figure out the true identity of a person on Facebook?
Is there any way that I can see a list of people on Quora, like those on Facebook?
Is it possible for a startup to catch up to Google/Facebook in AI?
How can I change my profile pic on Messenger now that I have removed Facebook?
How can I get that blue tick on my official fb page?
I accidentally pressed the ‘limit old posts’ feature on Facebook and I want to get rid of that. Is there any option available?
Why doesn't Facebook or Google provide free Internet to poor people?
Which strategies can be used to make people like a brand's Facebook page during an event organized by that brand?
Which is the best website to buy Facebook Likes cheap?
How do I read back a comment from a page if the owner deleted my comment on Facebook?
Is it liberating to run a Facebook account with no friends, letting anyone comment on your public posts?
How do you get un-shadowbanned from Instagram?
What is the meaning of the Facebook reaction having a purple flower?
Will you feel jealous if your boyfriend gives love reacts on Facebook to photos of other women?
Its is safe to convert my personal Facebook account in to a business page?
How can I recover a Facebook account if I have forgotten my password as well as the email address and the phone number linked to it?
How much should I charge a month to manage an Instagram and Facebook for a car dealership? I will report analytics, create original content, and run sponsored ads on both platforms.
How can I be successful with my Facebook art page without spending too much time and money?
Roman Saini's Facebook page is not yet a verified account by Facebook. Why?
A friend posted to my timeline. Can I see the audience they selected?
Why do certain websites like Poshmark or Facebook have continuous feed pages? I don't like continuous feeds and I will not go to any site that does it.
How can I access Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and all the other blocked sites in China?
How can I hack someone by sending a message through Facebook?
Why can't Quora ever surpass FB or WhatsApp in popularity?
How do I bring down Facebook ads cost?
Is the Facebook automation tool www.fbmarketingautomation.com any good?
During Facebook’s startup, did Mark Zuckerberg write all the code in one language, or did he know most of the languages at that time which are being used, today?
Can you use replies from your Facebook posts in a printed media without any intellectual property issues?
Can anybody help? My Facebook account was hacked.
How can I change my Facebook relationship status without notifying everyone?
How can one apply data science to Facebook ads?
How did Zuckerberg made money after making Facebook?
Shouldn't we consider Google, Facebook, Amazon, and other big companies as monopolies, and slash them?
Is there a way to find abandoned Facebook pages?
How can I log into my Facebook account without a password? It is linked to my Yahoo ID which I can no longer access?
How do I write a farewell message for college, which I would like to post on Facebook? The message should not be too emotional and a little funny.
Do they have Facebook in North Korea? Because sometimes when I go to Facebook live map, I find some 1 or 2 lives broadcasting from there.
How can I find a contact number on Messenger?
How can I share a Facebook post to Twitter?
What should I write in an open letter to Fb Sister?
On Facebook, does a friend's post suddenly appearing on your feed (when it usually doesn't) mean that they've been looking at your content?
What are the best social media platforms for insurance?
Should I promote my YouTube channel or Facebook page (related to my business) first, or enrich the page/channel content first, then start to promote?
What's the weirdest thing you've seen on your Facebook feed?
How I can check who has shared my photo post on Facebook?
Can you get old Facebook messenger messages recovered somehow?
Why is my deactivated Facebook account still visible to the public and on my old friends’ 'friends lists'?
Which is the best platform/CMS for creating a social network website just like Facebook?
How can I edit my cover photo on Facebook?
What are some of the best meme pages in Facebook and Instagram?
Why are people still on Facebook?
Why does Facebook offer its 'Year in Review' and 'Look Back' videos?
Why is my deactivated account still visible in my old Friends lists?
How I can log in Facebook without log in approval?
Facebook is showing me advertisements for items I searched on Amazon. How is Facebook doing this?
How do I add to the Book section at the left side of my Facebook profile page?
Is it possible for the time/date of a message (not a stat) on Facebook to bed falsified (i.e., made earlier)?
If you decline a message request on Facebook Messenger, can that person send you another message request?
How can I retrieve all my chats that I have deleted from Facebook?
Who according to you is the most unbiased and intelligent Facebook page admin?
How do I get a Facebook notification of non-friend people?
How do I know if people have checked my FB profile?
Which is the best work app to work with my team: Facebook Workplace or Slack?
My custom show\hide button defaults to show on page refresh, how do I stop that?
Why does Facebook tell me that I have 4 new views when I cannot even see who viewed my profile and what do I do with these notifications?
How do you hide what pictures you liked when someone searches for them on Facebook?
How can I know if a post of a Facebook page is an ad or not?
How do I see the profile picture of my friend who has blocked me?
Is there a way to permanently delete the Messenger app and message through Facebook only?
How do I block someone I am already blocked from on Facebook?
Can I log into Facebook using Instagram?
People say there are many flaws in Facebook. They are saying you can get thousands of followers just like a celebrity in a few days. Is this true?
There’s a Facebook name that I need for my page, but someone already has it. Their page was last used in 2010. Is there a way I can get that username?
How can I add all my friends to my closed face-book group without getting blocked?
How do I switch from privacy to public on a Facebook app?
Who handles Prabhas' Facebook account?
Is it okay to copy an article from Quora to Facebook?
How do people make money through Facebook pages under the entertainment category?
Is it possible to run a JavaScript code snippet on my Facebook profile to check if someone's snooping?
Can I view my messages on Messenger.com if I have subscribed with my phone number (without a Facebook account)?
Which are the informative apps that I can use instead of wasting my time on FB, Insta or WhatsApp?
Will big companies like Facebook, Google and Rockstar accept me as a programmer without degree?
What are the names of websites to be used instead of wasting my time on Facebook?
What attribution tools give you insights into your Google and Facebook campaigns beyond what the platforms do by themselves?
How do I upload a video to make it autoplay in my Facebook timeline and Facebook page?
Does the Facebook app save your history?
Why does Facebook update its APK every other day?
What should I write on my Facebook wall to tell people that I am leaving Pune due to a transfer?
What are the ways to get a Facebook friend's (a girl) phone number?
Can you track someone's IP from a comment he posted on Facebook?
How much would you have to spend to boost a post on FB to 1 million people?
Which font did Facebook use for their F8 2017 keynote?
What are the preferences for group posts?
How do you find videos on Facebook?
How do I get someone’s contact info on Messenger?
What is the right Facebook experience for your age?
Why don’t my social apps, Facebook, and WhatsApp remain connected to the internet? Every time I have to turn the mobile data off and then on to get notifications.
How can I know the exact location of a person who sent a message from the general Facebook website using mobile?
Do you know any pages on Facebook for crazy commercial ideas?
Are there students who used to waste their time on Facebook and then stopped?
I followed a person accidentally and then unfollowed them on Facebook. Will they receive a notification​?
How do I create Facebook notification using web worker?
How can I apply for Facebook’s new 3000 live-streaming monitoring jobs?
How and on what basis do people get their Twitter/Facebook/Instagram accounts verified?
What is an appropriate line for a best friend who can’t be a Facebook friend?
How can I find people who have English content and they need a French translation, using Facebook groups?
How can I get more relevant and active followers for my Facebook page?
How do I take a cool Facebook profile picture?
How can I see a friend’s active log?
How do I make FB accounts?
Is there an actual app or easy way I can monitor my spouse’s Facebook and email activity, besides leaving a long ad to hire some super hacker?
Did Mark Zuckerberg revolutionize artificial intelligence by creating Jarvis?
What is the best online tool for building a viable, engaging business network? LinkedIn? Facebook? Other?
What kind of data can I get from a Facebook user’s friends list after they log in using Facebook?
How do I create a catchy page for selling jewellery via FaceBook?
What type of copyright issues can I expect if I’m creating a TV series page on Facebook?
How can we know when a person logs into Facebook?
How can I get Facebook to send me a new password for my ten-minute mail?
How can I see my boyfriend’s messages to other women on Facebook?
How do companies like Facebook, Google, and Microsoft hire employees?
What is the procedure for getting the original information of a person from his fake Facebook account?
Is there any way to see older passwords list in Facebook?
What is the best way to have Many folowers on Facebook group?
How does Google/Facebook test their products? What are their automation testing strategies?
How can I read my partner's Facebook Messenger without having his phone?
How can I gain access to my Gmail and Facebook accounts? I don't have the same phone or number or the passwords associated with my accounts.
Have you liked a picture on Facebook/Instagram just for the sake of liking it?
Why don't Indian women share pictures of their husbands on Facebook, and why do they never mention whom they're married to?
Should we block people on Facebook whom we don't agree with? Under what circumstances should we block and under which should we not?
How can I block my Facebook page post from a specific person?
How important are software patents to a new Facebook or Google?
Can a person have more than one Facebook account?
Can you post something that's not live on Facebook live?
Can you delete a group on Facebook?
Is there any real hacking of Facebook?
How do I delete all my Facebook posts at once? I am using an Android/Windows PC.
How can I find out who's looking at my Facebook profile that's not on my friend?
How can I automatically post on Facebook?
Will Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, etc. still be around in 50 years?
How do I change my Google Now feed so that it shows me local cards?
Why doesn't Facebook bring back the security feature of login approvals?
Who are the 10 best Facebook bloggers on weight loss?
Why does wowcrush.com not open in a tab, but it works while entering it in the comment box in Facebook?
Is there any tool to monitor relation status changes on Facebook?
What are the benefits of creating a Facebook page?
How can I monetize a Facebook group with more than 340K members?
Which is the best Facebook group on startup hiring?
Will Facebook be regulated? What would regulation look like?
Are affiliate links accepted for paid ads on Facebook, Google or other search engines?
What kind of sponsored ads show up on your Facebook feed? Do they interest you or annoy you?
A page on Facebook stole one of my answers on Quora and posted it as their own. What can I do?
What is Facebook Audience Network?
What do you think regarding the meme culture that is becoming more and more prevalent in Facebook (and internet in general)?
How do I tag friends on Facebook on Android?
How do I promote a URL shortening website via AdWords, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.?
How can we see someone’s Facebook profile if they have blocked us?
A kid asked my girlfriend for nudes on Facebook. He has a girlfriend, but kept asking for it. We found his mom on Facebook. Should we tell her?
Where can I find the Facebook page verification form?
How do I prevent Facebook from blocking my Facebook account?
One of my questions is not on my questions list but can be found on a Quora search with my name credited. What happened?
Can I sue Facebook for asking my identity?
Are there any Facebook pages like TheBetterIndia?
Why does Tinder show a friend I recently added on Facebook?
What do the ticks mean in Messenger?
How often do Facebook and Zuckerberg get sued?
What could be the Facebook audience for men's business watches product?
Why do couples carry on conversations on Facebook rather than a phone call or text?
One requires code to run a website, so would it be possible to run Facebook with only one person?
Can I change the name of my Facebook page even if my account is temporarily blocked (i.e., I can't write anything)?
What is the need of Facebook?
What would happen if Facebook is globally banned?
Do guys check their other messages when they have a crush on any stranger and they expect that stranger to message them on Facebook?
What percentage of Facebook users share their email IDs?
What are the recent changes in Facebook?
What does it mean when a friend (boy) likes a picture from few months ago on Facebook?
How do I find the number of Facebook users in a specific city?
Is Keanu Reeves on any kind of social media like Facebook or Twitter?
How do I create a contest on a Facebook page?
How can I sync Facebook birthdays to Google Calendar?
Is it possible to be blocked when you are not friends on Facebook?
How am I gonna open my pictures in Facebook and video, too?
How can I tell if my girlfriend is using secret messages on Facebook?
Will Google lose everything to Facebook?
Why do we use Facebook in social media marketing?
It is unpolite to add someone you don't know on Facebook?
How do I focus on study and stop using Facebook and stop playing Mini Militia?
What is business development at Facebook or Instagram?
Can my friend steal my password if I log into Facebook from his mobile browser? If so, how?
How can I get new script for auto-adding an FB group?
If I message someone on Facebook who I'm not friends with do they get to read the message before deciding whether to accept my request to friend me?
How can I get the rights to my dead brother's Facebook page? I would like it to be changed to a memorial page, but I do not know how to do this.
Can Facebook see startpage searches?
Can you tell who someone is messaging on Messenger?
What does it mean when it says your mobile number was removed from your account because it was registered and verified buy another Facebook user?
Can one hack FB accounts using online tutorials?
If Google, Facebook, Apple, Amazon and Microsoft were declared monopolies, what would be the best way to break each of them up?
How serious a problem is social media addiction?
What are some important community or common interest Facebook groups, secret or closed? In what interesting ways are they used by members?
How do I find my friend’s Facebook comments?
Will your friend see your activity on Facebook Messenger when your messenger is running in the background?
Is it wrong to brag on Facebook page about your company's projects?
How can I chat with a following friend on Facebook?
Why would someone friend request you on Facebook then pretend they didn't?
How can I find someone using my Facebook without my knowledge?
How can I read a message on another person’s Facebook account without knowing their names?
What is the architecture of a Facebook Messenger extension?
Is Facebook liking a page for me without my permission?
How can I allow everyone to like my photos on Facebook?
How do I unblock myself from someone’s Facebook account?
Should Quora add feature opening the links internally within the app like Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter?
How can I crop a Facebook photo?
Is it legal to use Facebook for commercial purposes?
How can someone get money from Facebook?
A guy on Facebook proposed to me online, and I accepted the proposal and it's been a month. We are in a relationship. Is he using me, or is he really serious?
If you send a message and deactivate your Facebook account, will they still see your name?
What software does Facebook use for its videos?
How does Facebook display what your friends have liked?
Is it possible for my friend to re-tag me on a photo on Instagram? I have accidentally removed the tag. Can’t re-tag it now. Is there a way?
Is the idea of Facebook patented?
Can a deactivated Facebook account be hacked or not?
We are not Facebook friends anymore, but we do have preexisting conversations from when we were. I sent the message two days ago and it still says "sent" but not "delivered.” Will he be able to read it?
There is a lot of conflicting advice on Facebook ads. If there was any question you could ask about Facebook advertising, what would it be?
Should I use Facebook as my personal diary and fully fill profile with personal data?
How can I align text to the right on Facebook?
What are the advanced features of Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter?
What might a Facebook advertiser attempt to sell a suicidal teenager?
What are some good Facebook page and page post autolikers that give 200+ likes on a single click?
How do you hide being on messenger?
How do I hide my Facebook relationship status but keep it visible on my fiancee's profile for her friends?
How do I recover Facebook acount without Gmail and password?
How do I know if my friend has a dual messenger in the same account?
Do Google, Apple, and Facebook hire Qt/C++ engineers?
How do I update a blank status on Facebook?
Can one send a Facebook friend request using Facebook SDK?
How do some Facebook pages put advertisement in between of the video?
Is there is any way to upload .mp3 files to Facebook and YouTube with fixed images with high resolution?
Whom can I contact on Facebook to ask about an MA in literature?
How do you retrieve a lost Facebook password?
Can you hide a friend from your friends list?
What is an alternative to Facebook and Instagram?
Does Facebook record your video calls on Facebook?
What is the bullish argument for Amazon, Apple, Google, Facebook, Microsoft, and Netflix?
Someone sent me a message and a friend request. I deleted the friend request. Does that delete the message also?
I am dreadfully provoked. How do I trigger a shocking amount of destruction in a lawsuit against Facebook, on a very low budget?
How can I appear online on Facebook every time?
What happened to the Facebook website?
What is the reason for someone disappearing from the “people you may know” list on Facebook? Does it mean the person removed himself/herself or is this a Facebook decision?
Why can I not unblock someone from my Facebook?
I spent $12 per day for 3 days on Facebook ads, which got me 300 website views per day, but no sales; should I end the campaign or spend more?
How can I buy Facebook likes, YouTube subscribers and Twitter followers?
What is the motivation for Facebook to push their Top Stories newsfeed?
Would it show as delivered if they didn't have a Messenger account?
Can ex-convicts in Australia have gun photos on Facebook?
Which is more complicated in terms of design, Facebook website or F22 Raptor?
What is the user doing in Facebook during active?
Would Facebook achieve the same kind of success (or even exist) had Zuckerberg attended a different school?
How do I tell if someone is new on Facebook?
Where can I find Facebook profile data?
How do I integrate Facebook Pixel with TheBookingButton?
Do you have to delete your Messenger app if you have already scheduled your FB for deletion?
Why can't my friends mention me in comments so I can have a notification? It just appears in black font, not blue with a link to my page.
How can I reduce my addiction to FB?
Is it ethical to share and alter a post from one Facebook page to another, adding a misleading image to the new post?
What can I do to resize an event photo to fit on a Facebook page, if I don't have Photoshop? Is there any way to do it online for free?
What happend if I spam messages on Facebook?
How does geolocation work on popular websites like Google, Facebook, and YouTube?
How do I tell if someone with a mobile phone is on Messenger chat or browsing Facebook?
What is the difference between people who use Facebook, Instagram, and Snapchat more and people who use Quora more?
Who is the king of the internet, Google, Facebook or WordPress?
What is the perfect name for my Facebook cricket page?
How can I broadcast live IPL matches on my Facebook page?
Why do other social media companies not create revolutionary tech like Facebook does?
What is your most hated Facebook trend today?
How can I generate leads directly in my Autoresponder and Webinar list using Facebook Ads?
What are the Poke and Wave features in Messenger during chatting?
Can I get my deleted conversation back on Messenger?
How long does Facebook take to verify one’s ID?
What does it mean when you are friends with someone on Facebook but you can't see them on any of your friends lists when they used to be there?
What are some ways to unsync your contacts from Facebook on your Android?
Why are people operating fun Facebook pages? Does Facebook pay for this?
Is it possible to extract the time for every like and share on Facebook brand pages?
How do I read a message without the seen mark in hangouts messenger?
How do I block a profile on Facebook?
Why did Facebook Messenger decide to focus on ads only while other messaging platforms such as WeChat and Line make money from payments, commerce etc.?
How can I know my opponents' advertising in Facebook?
What is the different when doing marketing by between Billboard and Facebook?
This message pops up on the screen "this person is not available right now". What does this mean? Am I blocked by my friend or I was temporary blocked?
Why don't we make our own apps instead of using Facebook and Google in India?
Does it make sense to use additional user information (like age, sex or even Facebook likes) for recommendation systems?
What are the problems in Rails that prevent it from carrying big sites like Facebook, WhatsApp or Google?
Which is the minimum age to use Facebook?
Why won't Facebook load complete photo albums, it just has a spinning cursor?
How do I comment on a Facebook page post through a C++ program?
How can I permanently turn off Facebook's region based pages?
What is the best Facebook group for expats in your country/city? What rules does it have?
Does Facebook monitor our everyday life?
How does one stop oneself from being an active Facebook and an Instagram addict?
Is there any way to retrieve my old Facebook account password?
Facebook is not responding to my ID verification for the last 1.5 years. What can I do?
Would you "out" a racist on Facebook to their employer or clients?
How can I inbox somebody on Facebook Messenger?
I saw a girl on Facebook and instantly got attracted to her. But she doesn't know me at all. Should I send her a friend request?
Do the number of views shown on our stats page include views from outside sources such as Google, Facebook, etc.?
What is RMIT like for a Master’s in laboratory medicine? The reviews on their Facebook page are very negative, and I would like to hear the views of their alumni.
How much does Google, Facebook and Microsoft earn from India?
Can Facebook be defeated by a new company? If yes, how? If no, why not?
How do I get the password for a Facebook friend without permission?
Is there a similar thing as Activity Log from Facebook on Quora? Can I see the posts I upvoted?
What does it say about a person who unfriends you on Facebook because you don't like Trump?
How do you undelete Facebook messages properly?
I'm trying to cause a shocking amount of destruction by suing Facebook ($20B). As a Nigerian, how do I bring this lawsuit to fruition?
Is there a way to earn from Facebook like YouTube?
How can an African apply for the, 3000 live streaming monitoring jobs at Facebook?
How do I make a IFTTT recipe to post on FB business page, instead of a FB personal page?
Does WhatsApp still work in China? Since last year, it’s owned by Facebook, no?
How do I remove phone number from my Facebook account?
What is the meaning of accepting an interest request in community matrimony?
How can I see who has blocked me on Facebook?
What is the best Facebook ads type if there is no web page?
How do 3rd party companies get your Facebook page or Instagram account verified with a blue tick in return for money?
If you unfriend someone on FB, would they know it?
How do I get rid of a Facebook and Twitter addiction?
How can I report a cyber crime on a Facebook comment in India?
Will Tinder update my profile pictures without my knowledge?
Is the WhatsApp company under the Facebook company?
Is it possible to merge a restaurant FB page with a musician FB page?
Is there a way of cross posting images on multiple Facebook pages?
How can I be as good as Google or Facebook developers?
Why is FB using so much space on my phone?
When does Messenger show you as being online? Can Messenger show that you are online without you opening Facebook?
Are there any Indian stock market experts to follow on Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, or Quora?
Can we run multiple lead ads in Facebook?
How can I upload, save and display a profile picture in PHP?
What is the best strategy through Facebook for startups?
How do entrepreneurs like Tim Cook and Mark Zuckerberg sleep only a few hours and remain completely awake the rest of the day?
Among Google, Apple, Facebook, Amazon and Microsoft, which one gets more information about users?
Why did Quora make comments optional? I can no longer comment on something or read other comments. Did Quora just give users the power to censor posts?
Are the terms "Like" and "mutual Friends" owned by Facebook?
Are there any websites which could drive web traffic from a Facebook page?
Why do people keep posting political rubbish on Facebook?
How do you find a person’s Facebook page or wall?
How can I replicate dynamically Facebook Post comments on a Wordpress article?
Why do my own Facebook posts sometimes not show up in my news feed?
How we can promote webinar on Facebook?
Is it cool to send a friend request on Facebook to your crush, who is your junior?
Why is my ad placement on Facebook smaller than my mobile ad placement?
Is Facebook down? Getting an error saying "Sorry, something went wrong. We're working on it and we'll get it fixed as soon as we can."
What is the best way to save Facebook videos to a computer?
How do I apply for a violet video reader on Facebook?
Can I see if I'm in someone's top six Facebook friends list?
Has Google or Facebook ever recruited KIIT students?
How much should I charge for designing a Facebook page?
What is the reason behind many people taking up photography as a hobby in recent times?
I deactivated my Facebook account 2 years ago or more. I remember the email address but totally forgot the password. Is there any way to restore it?
What’s the average usage of WhatsApp and Facebook?
How do I make a Facebook Messenger QR code?
How will Facebook’s marketplace impact Craigslist and eBay's growth?
Why does data on Google Analytics differ from data on social media platforms, specifically Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram?
How social media such as Facebook, path, Snapchat promote their platform at early stages?
Does Mark Zuckerberg waste time on Facebook?
Why would your ex keep taking themselves off Facebook when you already have them blocked?
If a Facebook login is compromised, what personal data will be lost??
How did I show up on Facebook’s Nearby Friends?
Why isn't Facebook Group app loading? When will this problem be solved?
What are disadvantages of converting your Facebook profile to a Facebook page in 2017?
On Facebook Messenger, what causes a message request to go from sent (blue circle with checkmark) to delivered (filled in blue circle with checkmark)?
Will users be able to search their Activity Logs of their Facebook Timeline?
Is it possible to turn off unwanted videos in Facebook?
How do I find somebody’s Facebook username?
Can I get an app to hack a Facebook account?
How do I generate large YouTube video thumbnails for Facebook without any site promotion?
Does it affect anything on Facebook if I get blocked?
How can I talk to someone from the Facebook office?
Is it forbidden to sell private ads on a Facebook group as an administrator of the group?
Is iodised salt a bad business tactic? Is it necessary when iodine evaporates upon warming ?
Why would a name show up several times under a Facebook search?
How do you differentiate between paid Facebook views/clicks to site and organic Facebook views/clicks to site in Google Analytics?
Why does my new account have a different "activity log" (likes) look from my old Instagram?
Do you think the Logical Indian Facebook page is anti Hindu?
Can a Facebook user on Messenger be a creeper?
When will Facebook launch its augmented reality learning platform?
Is it possible to record Facebook voice calls on Windows using Chrome?
What would you advise me to do, if I want to push aside Facebook?
Can I get do follow backlinks from Facebook and Google Plus?
How can I change the Facebook page info?
Why do Android phones come with the Facebook app? Does Facebook pay Google?
How do I get my friend’s number in Facebook Messenger?
How often does Facebook messenger archive messages?
Is the information about health given on Facebook through Facebook pages correct?
How can I get people to see my Patreon page?
How do you design a Facebook banner?
Facebook’s rules say that if your account is disabled, you need permission to make a new account. Where do you go to ask?
Can I use a Nikon D5300 for a live feed on Facebook? If yes, what are the things I need to do in order to do so?
How does Facebook get its sponsored ads?
How can I change the Facebook account email account in Quora.com?
How do I sign into my Facebook account with a profile picture?
How do people put special effect on live Facebook videos?
Should I stop using Facebook?
How can I read my man’s Facebook messages?
How can you tell, when someone shows active on Facebook Messenger, that a person is chatting with someone else?
My girlfriend blocked her ex on Facebook, but I can still see her likes and comments on his post from a couple of years ago. Has she unblocked?
How do people in the Google office see if someone says, "Add me in Facebook," or "Facebook me"?
How did Mark Zuckerberg earn money when he started Facebook and turned the website into a billion-dollar company?
Why is Facebook trying to force me to use the app, instead of Safari on iPad?
How can I earn with my fb fashion page which has around 100k likes?
Can my client pay for his Facebook ads if his page is in my Business Manager account?
How can Facebook be hacked with the SS7 flaw?
I'm American and I'm looking to make friends on Facebook who live in Ireland. How do I go about doing this?
What is the procedure to find out who saw my profile recently in Facebook?
Did you ever love someone so much that you end up getting blocked on Facebook \U0001f601?
Is This rac?
Where is my friend’s list?
How can my startup story be as popular as Mark Zuckerberg or Facebook?
On which Facebook page or group can widowers be found?
Will deleting a comment on Facebook delete it everywhere or just on my device?
How do I prevent a person seeing my post in Facebook who is not a friend to me?
Why do companies like Facebook and IMO pay stipends if the employees stay less than 5 miles from the office?
What does increasing ad spend on a Facebook Ad Set actually do?
Who are the people behind faking news Facebook page?
What script would I need to grant a redirect after a successful Facebook login app, if the app is hosted on a stand alone landing page domain?
I have already downloaded WhatsApp Messenger. Now, how do I start chatting?
What are the digital media strategy you used for relevant website traffic and lead generation apart from Google and Facebook platform?
Who can find out a person behind a fake Facebook account?
Does Facebook prefer to hire developers who are active on Facebook as users?
Can I search for any Facebook account​ by an uploaded pic on that account​?
Is Facebook useless for students?
Is there a grand piano at Facebook's Menlo Park campus?
How do I target FaceBook adverts to clothing brands?
How can I get back into my Facebook account, using my security question?
Can you sue someone for invading your privacy? Like personal things, Facebook/phone messages, etc.?
How can I market a local medical spa on Facebook?
How can I hide my Facebook activity from my girlfriend?
What would happen to their respective companies if Mark Zuckerberg and Satya Nadela interchanged their posts with enough knowledge of the products of the other company?
What does "in a relationship" on Facebook in Mumbai means?
Why is there so much offensive material on Facebook?
What does Facebook use Git for?
How do I find out the email address associated with a private message sent to me through Facebook?
In the future, what company could possibly defeat Facebook in the social media industry? And why?
What would happen if someone tag a person on a video I shared to selected people on Facebook?
How do I hide my friend list on Facebook?
Facebook says that they're not taking applications for blue checkmark verifications at the moment. How do you get one?
Can you see when a friend has viewed your Facebook?
What are Facebook's SWOTs?
Do Facebook users find Facebook less appealing since the removal of interest lists (adding pages to lists)?
How do I tell my autistic brother that he will never become a programmer at Google or Facebook, etc.?
How accurate is the Facebook audience size meter?
How do I promote an online store or Facebook page in a different​ country​ (eg Australia)?
Why did Facebook ask me if I knew a specific girl from the suggestion list?
How can I recover one post that I posted in a Facebook group if I deleted it unexpectedly?
When on Facebook Messenger, what does it mean when you see “video chat” under one of your contact’s name?
How do certain products (or news) that are not more special than others (fidget spinner, Facebook, etc.) become so popular?
Is it normal to brag about your academic grades on social media sites like Facebook?
Is it wrong to unfriend someone in my circle of friends?
How can I contact Facebook’s/Twitter’s CEO?
What are the best platforms to distribute your blog posts besides the usual Facebook, Instagram and EDMs?
Is there any Tamilian working in Facebook, Google and Microsoft?
Why do some follow unknown people on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and what is their actual intention?
How does Facebook ad work?
What are the best app to get auto comment on Facebook page or account?
Does Facebook provide any API to log in to an account with Python?
Can I host multiple Facebook live streams on a website?
Is it possible to look at items available in a Facebook merchandise store online?
How do you use a Facebook Pixel to create a custom audience of everyone who visits your website if it's installed on multiple websites?
Is it possible to use old versions of websites such as LinkedIn and Facebook?
How do I merge two FB accounts? Will I lose photos?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked me how I was doing?
What are the features of Facebook video post translation?
What is the most customizable plugin for Facebook photos / albums in WordPress?
What are the best interests to use on Facebook ads for watches?
Does Quora sell data to Facebook?
If I were to start a Facebook group to discuss canonical events in Star Wars, how do I get people to join?
How can I download Facebook videos in an Andriod phone?
How can you go into a person's page that blocked you?
In what update where Facebook chat heads removed?
What should you say in your first chat with an unknown friend on Facebook if she is online?
Is it illegal for me to share a standard YouTube licensed video with my friends on Facebook?
Can I see “last seen” on Messenger if I am not her friend on Facebook?
What does it mean on Facebook Messenger when the status says active a minute or minutes ago, but the color green indicator does not show?
How do I avoid tagging on Facebook?
Why do exes tend to create fake Facebook accounts to spy on you? I mean, the relationship ended, so why spy on her/him?
Why is there no rival app for Facebook?
Why are engineers trolled so much on social media, especially Facebook?
Should I share my book cover and description on social networking sites before publishing it on KDP?
What is the proper way to absorb an existing Facebook page when you acquire a business and location?
Why doesn't Facebook care about UI?
How do I view my Instagram activity on Facebook?
Does popularity on Facebook affect your popularity in real life?
Does Facebook help to get into a relationship?
How do I react thankfully on Facebook?
Is is possible to do affiliate marketing on Facebook directly without having any website or blog?
How do you see videos on Facebook with your phone?
How do my videos go live on Facebook?
Why does the person I search for on Facebook show up many times?
How do I use Facebook links on LinkedIn?
I've just joined Facebook. What are some things I should keep in mind? (while making my profile, posting, etc.)
What was it like to date Sheryl Sandberg?
Why is Facebook installed on Android 6 Sony Xperia X permanently and can’t be uninstalled?
How can anyone give up the addiction of Facebook?
Is it possible to know who has viewed my Facebook page?
If someone keeps blocking and unblocking on Facebook, does it affect the photo in search?
Do Aspies often have Facebook feeds with higher S/N ratio (especially to outsiders)?
How can I get the 2010 version of Facebook back?
Should I use int or VARCHAR in MySQL (or other databases)?
What does the green picture with wine on messenger mean?
How can I see which non-friends have viewed my Facebook page?
If I want to start up a social media site a little like Facebook, what is the easiest way to do it?
Facebook has expanded the content review team. Does it show that China's network management has something to learn from it?
What do Facebook metrics like the total views of a page actually & honestly mean?
What happened to Facebook games?
Is making a fan page on Facebook or Instagram legal?
How can I reach someone in the Facebook Ads team? My ads don't work. The budgets are not being used, targeting variations are done, tickets are being raised, and nothing works.
How does Facebook still know my e-mail address after clearing my browser data?
Which WordPress plugin allows users to create business pages, like Facebook pages?
How do I make money from a fake Facebook account with 4000 friends and 1000 followers?
How do I find the location of a Facebook user?
AdSense ads are not showing whena user is coming from Facebook. Why is this happening only with me on Facebook?
Why do my friends’ profiles show eight pictures of their friends?
Why hasn't Twitter grown like Facebook?
Is there a way to upload a video with a photo album on Facebook?
When can I share a post from another page in a group from my new account so Facebook doesn't block that account?
Why do my questions not show up on my page?
Do cricketers have their own FB IDs?
What does it mean on Facebook when it says contact?
Did anyone try to make an alternate version of Facebook or Quora?
How do I change my name on Messenger on my Android?
How do I add my Twitter account to my FB account?
Can I hack Facebook accounts by using a rooted Android mobile?
Can a Facebook business manager account create a Facebook page?
Why is it that some of the sponsored ads on Google and Facebook are linked to what you search for on the Internet?
How can I get licence key for Facebook tool kit?
What does Mark Zuckerberg do as he works 60 hours per week? Does he code or go to meetings and stuff?
Does a person know when I save his/her profile image on Facebook?
What would 9/11 have been like if social media (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.) had the same prevalence then that it does today?
How do I warn the Facebook CEO directly, without any third party?
What is Facebook actually meant for?
Will Facebook, Twitter, and WhatsApp lead to death?
What are the allegations against Mark Zuckerberg in the social network movie?
Is there an app or a script that will give you notifications about the activity of your "close friends," like what Facebook used to give, e.g., when they comment?
How can we post Twitter posts on Facebook automatically?
What database or storage is used by Facebook to store its live streaming data?
I was an administrator of a Facebook group and I deleted my account. What happened with the group?
What should be the motive behind updating a story on Snapchat?
What is the process of getting business page verification tick on Facebook?
Is it really possible to hack someone's messenger acct?
Is it possible to access a Facebook account with two different passwords?
What is the diameter of a large graph (Facebook or Google graph) used for? What are the applications and some usage cases?
One girl “unfriended” me on Facebook and in turn it made me so disappointed that I blocked her. Was that the right thing to do?
What are the signs that your Facebook page is being blocked?
What is the the structure of Facebook iOS and Android application?
Why do many people consider Facebook a waste of time?
What year did you start using Facebook? I started in 2011.
Can you explain these conflicting Facebook video metrics?
How can I download a Facebook video on my phone?
How can I log in to FB without a password or an email?
How often and for what type of posts do you use Facebook?
How can I tell if a friend I am following is excluding me from their posts on Facebook?
How do I make a good looking website like Facebook or Quora?
Should I quit Facebook, WhatsApp, and other social media sites for a better future?
Are Apple, Alphabet, Facebook, etc., working directly to advance the field of health/medicine?
What circle in Pinterest posts mean?
Why are there less number of likes on Quora's posts on Facebook?
What is the minimum cost for Facebook ads in India?
Is Mr. Mark Zuckerberg’s personal e-mail address contact available, just for me?
When is Facebook going to die?
How long does Facebook take to close an account in case of inactivity?
Why would my iPhone appear to be logged into my Facebook account as an iPad?
How do you add a countdown to a Facebook page?
What will be happen with Facebook in future, let's say in two or five years?
Other than Amazon, Facebook, etc., what are some other big companies that use mergers and acquisitions as part of their growth strategy?
How can I pay for a Facebook page in Uganda since I have no card?
What would Magic Leap do if Avegant & Microsoft teamed up to make a light field HoloLens?
Should I delete my Facebook account right now? I want to begin anew.
On my MetroPCS account, how do I get access to my second line?
On Facebook, girls get more likes and comments. Is the same thing happening on Quora?
Why did you "unfriend" all of your Facebook friends?
Facebook Instant Articles Doesn't show Ads, can someone help?
Why does Facebook create a dark web website?
Can I Share a text file on Facebook?
Will Facebook be a good choice to post my song covers?
A has blocked B's account on Facebook. If C (a mutual friend of both A and B) comments on a post or a photo posted by A, will B be able to see that post or photo?
What is the use of a hashtag on Facebook or Instagram when uploading an image?
Can anyone spy on my Facebook?
If you read a Facebook Messenger message via a push notification without opening the app, will the sender see their message as being marked read?
Do you think Quora will soon run promotions on paid advertisements from businesses just like Facebook to build revenue?
Does Facebook pay for likes on a page like YouTube does?
Do you like your fans on Quora more than you like your fans on Facebook?
Is it a crime to look at someone's Facebook and Instagram PG?
Can I create a Facebook based visualization? If yes, how do I start?
Are Facebook Messenger’s “encrypted” secret messages easily monitored by Facebook, as they claim to be able to monitor certain behaviors and messages?
A person is using my old profile picture as his profile picture. He is accessing Facebook with another name. How can I find that profile?
According to you, is Facebook a successful dating platform?
What is India doing for Syrian refugees other than tweeting and sharing Facebook posts?
How can I find my friend’s Facebook account by only searching by contact number?
How do I find password of Instagram without Facebook?
How can I get the phone number of my friend on Facebook?
What is Google really scared of, other than Facebook ads?
How do I earn via Facebook and Instagram pages, likes, etc.?
What are some interesting secret Facebook groups?
Where did my Facebook location address go?
Are there any social networks that have a Facebook style theme?
Who can I contact if I need to stop someone from using my email to set up a Facebook account?
How bad is Facebook addiction?
Can an engineering fresher student do a job at Facebook?
A has blocked B's account on Facebook. If C (a mutual friend of both A and B) comments on a post or photo posted by A, will B be able see C's comment or like on that post or photo?
Is there any Facebook or WhatsApp group for law aspirants?
How do I verify my entertainment website Facebook page?
Is there a way to prevent someone from following a Facebook Page without also liking it?
How does Facebook generate the "friends who will miss you" shown in the account deactivation process?
Why does the wrong image appear when I share a website or a post on the social networks?
Why do people always appear online on Facebook?
Is posting and sharing political stuff on Facebook bad?
How do I prepare myself to get into the data teams of Google, Facebook, etc.?
Is it possible to hack Facebook online?
How do I update my status to a client?
Is Facebook just a socially-accepted platform for people to brag?
Is it possible that other people can read my messenger?
I need to focus. How can I stop Messenger and all these apps that force me to receive messages and calls even when I block the notifications?
On a Facebook page, what ratio is good for the number of post reaches to likes?
I am trying to opening my Facebook account, but it reports an error due to some problem on the website. What does that mean?
To what extent do adults practice their freedom of expression on Facebook?
How do I delete my Facebook ID permanently?
How many users access Facebook Live via mobile?
Is there a way to fast processing the Facebook friends list?
Do you find it odd that Facebook, YouTube, and Twitter ban users for no reason but they won't ban accounts of Islamic extremists?
How do I set up a WhatsApp group so that only the administrator can see incoming messages and, when posting them out, all the participants are able to see them?
What is the best way to troll those spam Facebook messages from girls "looking to have fun"?
Why would someone who's not in my friend list show up in Facebook quiz results?
What can I do in Facebook so that on Tinder I will only be matched up with people who are NRIs and were brought up in the Arabian Gulf region?
Facebook has disabled my account, and my phone number is lost. How do I recover it?
Does Facebook allow businesses/startups to sell FB accounts or pages for automatic backup services?
Why do my friends on Facebook like others’ posts, but not mine?
How do I delete my Quora account, if I used my Facebook to sign in, and I am locked out of the email for my Facebook account?
How do you remove pictures from Facebook?
Who is managing the Bangalore City Police’ Facebook page?
Will tech giants like Google, Microsoft, Amazon, and Facebook hire a statistician with a master’s degree?
What does it mean when there are pulsating circles around the video icon on Facebook Messenger?
Why can't I convert my Facebook profile into a page?
Can brand pages publish branded content on Facebook?
In what other ways I can submit my CV to Facebook excluding careers.Facebook.com?
How does Chatfuel do to create a Facebook developer App for their users?
I accidentally tagged someone in a post on Facebook, but untagged them and blocked the page. Will the page get a notification?
Is Daniel Radcliffe on Facebook?
Do people still use Facebook (May 2017)?
I deactivated my Roku. How do I reactivate it?
Did your life change after deleting Facebook and WhatsApp?
Can friend requests be sent to a deactivated Facebook account?
How do I look at my boyfriend’s messages on Messenger discreetly?
Is life generally better with or without a Facebook account, for an unexceptional person?
Have you ever reached the end of your Facebook news feed?
Which credit card should be best for boosting posts in Facebook?
Why would a boy who liked you unfriend you on Facebook?
How did WittyFeed and its founders, Vinay Singhal, Praveen Singhal and Shashank Vaishnav, get verified on Facebook?
How do I invite people who shared my content to like my business’s Facebook page?
What do people think about the new flower (thankful) react of Facebook?
Is Facebook keeping the ‘Thankful’ reaction beyond Mother's Day?
Why doesn't YouTube hire IITians like Google or Facebook?
How will you describe personalities of people using Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, WhatsApp, Snapchat and Quora?
How do I add followers rather than friends on Facebook?
How can I download a GIF from Facebook?
Has Facebook ever thought of wiping out Amazon, Uber, foodpanda and other aggregators by connecting potential customers with potential service providers on its own platform? Aren’t most of them already on Facebook?
How do I create Facebook and Instagram outro cards on YouTube videos?
How do you re-target marketing to people on Facebook who have downloaded your app from iTunes?
Is it illegal to hack Facebook messenger and post someone's messages?
Has anyone read posts by this page on Facebook by the name Mukhtasar?
Can class 8 students make Facebook IDs?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg taking a tour of the whole USA?
How can I find pending posts on Facebook?
What user profile information can I access from Facebook's Botkit tool?
What is the meaning of ROFL on FB?
How can I turn my friend requests on Facebook into followers?
How do you tell if someone is declining your call on FB messenger or just not answering?
How can I check if someone has blocked me on FB Messenger?
What are the best ways to use Facebook for company?
How do you earn money from Facebook videos?
How can I get a blue tick on my Facebook profile?
What are the drawbacks of installing the Facebook app?
How can I convert my Facebook profile to page a second time?
How do I get unlimited likes on Facebook?
How would you target people interested in buying lady's apparel with Facebook ads for LuLaRoe or a similar brand?
What would happen if nobody used Facebook anymore and switched over to another social media site?
Why do people, my so-called friends on Facebook, ignore me?
How do I get to the first comment when there are hundreds of comments on a Facebook post?
What are time saving ways to use Facebook?
How can I make money using Instagram or Facebook?
How can I promote my blog site using Facebook?
What are the DevOps jobs available in companies like Google, Facebook, etc.?
How can I get authentication from another Facebook user to access his/her profile details through Graph API?
If most Hindus & Muslims post good things about each other on Quora, then why are there hate speech, hate comments & hate videos on YouTube & Facebook?
How much would WhatsApp be spending on cloud services if it was not bought by Facebook?
How useless do you think Facebook is?
What is the use of Facebook to Mark Zuckerberg?
Is it possible to use the same Facebook account after uninstalling the Facebook app?
If you delete a message on Facebook, will it still be seen on Messenger?
How can I get more followers on Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, Twitter, Vimeo and my blog?
Why should I verify my Facebook account?
How can I get my Facebook friend number without asking him?
What is the use of a hashtag in Facebook and Instagram while uploading a picture?
How do Twitter, FB, Instagram, LinkedIn, etc. interconnect? If you hashtag something, does the whole post show up on Twitter?
Whenever I try to send a message to my friend on FB messenger, it never gets sent. I see only a red icon in a circle. Why is this happening? Am I being blocked?
How can I see who views my Facebook account?
Why does Facebook keep lying about new notifications?
Can you still see liked posts by a person blocked on Facebook?
Are intellectuals less active on Facebook? It seems that Facebook is more of a self-branding platform than a "keep in touch" platform.
Is there any way to download all the content that I have posted in a Facebook group including all status and files?
How do I know whether my Facebook data engineer phone interview went good or bad?
How can I delete an old Facebook account of mine?
Can Facebook send me another password through my Gmail account?
How can I read my husband’s Facebook messages?
How can I tell if somebody has more than one Messenger app?
Is there a Facebook plugin to display an entire album in Lightbox?
Why do people not like Mark Zuckerberg?
How can I participate in a Facebook marketing workshop in India organised by Facebook?
What can I do to block a person and their posts on my business page?
How do I hire Facebook ads?
Why are most Indians making LinkedIn into another Facebook?
How can I directly put my photo from Facebook on Instagram?
Can you offer the best online courses for mastering Facebook advertising?
What is the best way to start a conversation\chat with a Facebook friend who is a writer and novelist and happens to be a girl?
How do I get access to someone else’s Facebook account?
Who all joined Facebook after they joined Quora? Why?
Do you like using live streaming on Facebook?
What could products from Google, Facebook, and Quora do differently if they were available as native desktop apps rather than only in the browser?
How do I get a reply from a girl on Facebook chat?
What determines the 8 friends that show up on your Facebook page?
How do I get access to my Gmail & Facebook accounts? I tried with this phone. Google won't accept this phone number. I don't remember my passwords.
Why would someone ignore a friend request rather than simply responding to it one way or the other?
What does it mean when you get “has accepted your request on Messenger”, but you have talked before?
Do you have an idea what will be the next Facebook or Instagram within the next decade?
Why should we hate Facebook?
Who has used Facebook ads to help a daycare with enrollment?
Which Indian Facebook groups are popular for buying and selling things?
How can I know the Facebook login history of my Facebook friend?
Can you know what friends are following on Facebook?
Should I run more than one campaign for the same target at one time on Facebook?
How do I create a new Facebook account and make it hard for others to find me?
What should I do when I tell someone I'm not interested in chatting on Facebook and they keep messaging me?
Is it true that you can see who visited your Facebook profile by seeing their IDs in View Source?
How many people left Facebook after using Quora?
Why have Facebook posts disappeared when I come back to them?
What are your views on the logical Indian Facebook page?
When Mircosoft paid 240 million for 1.6% of Facebook how did that value Facebook at $15 billion?
How does Facebook connect two users?
Who are the people who search my Facebook account?
What are the pros and cons of a only using Facebook for a business’ online presence?
Do people ever have positive emotions towards a Facebook friend?
Why does everyone want to join Google or Facebook rather than thinking to build their own startup?
Why is the use of a fake account on Facebook prohibited rather than framed? I mean, most public figures change their name, so why can’t we?
If one were to build the next Facebook what technologies would you use?
Can I apply for a job with Facebook/Google one year in advance?
Can I delete my Facebook account? Not deactivate it, I just want to delete it.
What does Mark Zuckerberg do at Facebook? Does he write code or do business negotiations?
If I set chat to offline on Facebook and I log out and then log in do I keep appearing as offline or does it switch online and offline?
How can I make 5,000 Facebook friends in an instant?
Should YouTube adopt Facebook's 6 reaction buttons?
What is the status of Abu Saraf?
What might be the reason for suddenly decreasing Facebook followers?
Why do people post their status on Facebook as “Watching Bahubali 2"?
Can I see who someone's chatting with on Messenger?
Is there a problem with Facebook today?
What does Quora think of this skit by Neel Kolhatkar on "equality" that is currently going viral on Facebook?
Why am I not getting Facebook messages from people who are not on my Friends list?
How can you find out when someone last logged in to Facebook, without being logged in?
What are some interesting pages on Facebook to increase our knowledge?
What is a good return on Facebook ads for fashion and apparel?
Facebook is blocking me again & again, & I have to change my password every 2 hours, & I'm also unable to post my comment. Why is this happening?
Can the Facebook destroy our life?
Is it possible to fall in love with someone over Facebook?
Which social media platform is likely to fall first among Facebook, WhatsApp, Instagram, Twitter, and Snapchat?
How do pages like "did you know" get likes on their Facebook page?
Where did Twitter go wrong that Facebook didn't?
What will be the scenario if Facebook and Quora are connected/linked?
Why do people get offended in Facebook's comment section easily?
How do I receive email notifications when I get a private message on Facebook?
How do I reset the password of my Facebook account?
Should Facebook prevent crimes from being uploaded to Facebook?
Have you seen any Quoran on FB?
Would I be notified if someone reports me on Facebook?
Which is the best Facebook bot?
What does the green dot on Messenger mean?
Can I get 1000 likes in Facebook with zero cost and within in one hour?
Does Facebook allow external companies to provide interactive embeds on their feed?
Do the Illuminati exist? There is a group on Facebook which says that all of the terrorist attacks have been made by the CIA. Is this true?
Which is the best Facebook group auto poster?
Being an Indian, can I make Pakistani friends on Facebook? Is there anything wrong in that? I have seen some people making friends with them on Facebook.
Why do some people choose not to “like” someone’s post on Facebook intentionally?
What is one secret about Facebook?
Do your Facebook friends know what groups you join?
How do I find potential terrorists by analyzing their Facebook activity?
What is the best form of software to capture customer feedback from different, multiple sources, i.e. Twitter, Facebook, and other surveys? Does it exist?
What will happen if a rule is made to link your social account (Facebook, Twitter, Quora, etc.) to your Aadhaar card?
How do I export a long Facbook comment thread into an editable format for publication? (Keeping the same "look" as the thread has on Facebook)
What happens to all the data if a company like Facebook goes bankrupt tomorrow?
How can Amazon Affiliate Marketing be done on Facebook if my page audience is global?
How can I check whom my girlfriend has been talking with on Facebook?
Why would my ex boyfriend add me on Facebook?
What would be the problem if I'm having high CTR (+5%) and low conversions on Facebook ads?
How can we increase our Facebook post likes?
Should I use a personal FB account for business marketing?
So many young girls baiting themselves on social networks. Why?
Do you know a website with a marketplace that lets people sell articles on their website/Facebook?
Why are Muslims who bash Modi like anything on Facebook so quiet on Quora?
What do IITians have to say about these lines floating on Facebook these days?
How can we get access to anyone's texts or Facebook account?
What does the thumbs up sticker in Facebook messenger mean?
Why does Facebook show me "This feature isn't available to everyone right now" when I click the "How do I verify my page" link in the help center?
Will it ring if you call someone on Facebook Messenger if that someone is on a call?
Are they going to start charging for the use of Facebook by Saturday, May 27th?
Which is the post on Facebook from personal account containing maximum likes in the world?
How can I be completely offline while using messenger?
How can a memorialized account just have joined Facebook Messenger?
How​ do I ask a girl​ for​ casual​ sex on Facebook?
How can I increase my fan page's Like count to over 100k?
What should Google or Facebook users be willing to pay so that it would be more profitable to charge users directly vs collecting user data to target ads?
Why does Quora make me auto follow all my Facebook friends?
How do I get my email marketing subscribers to connect to my company's Facebook page legally?
What happens to the articles saved in Evernote and Pocket if the original page gets deleted?
Does Facebook messenger use data when you have wifi?
How can I make a post for “word of the day” for my Facebook group?
How can I get my Facebook back?
How do I know if I’m blocked on Messenger?
Does the average Facebook/Google engineer make at least $300k?
Why do we use Facebook?
How can I retrieve my Facebook account from an old phone?
How can I make direct contact with Facebook help and support?
Where is Freeman Samson on Facebook?
Why am I getting "People you may know" friends suggetions on Facebook that are clearly in Arabic/Russian?
When will I know if someone can assist me in getting back my Gmail accounts & back into Facebook?
Are Facebook ads the best way to reach early adopters and users for a new app?
What are the chances that Facebook will be blocked in the US?
How can I promote a Facebook page using the Facebook ads manager?
Would it be possible if you deleted a Facebook conversation to get a copy of all the messages from the other user?
Did Facebook get rid of smart lists?
How is Mark Zuckerberg so good at learning?
Why am I getting topics in my news feed that I haven't selected?
How can you tell if you have been unfriended on Facebook?
How do I allow my Facebook friends know I'm on Instagram?
How can I see my wife’s FB messages?
Why is it that when you report a fake account on Facebook and the person uses a fake ID to bypass Facebook, it does not get disabled?
Can you see see how many people viewed a post or picture on your Facebook fan page, if it's not posted by you?
Will Facebook be interesting if I have no known friends?
How do I make a YouTube cover photo?
What are the proper dimensions for a FB live custom thumbnail?
How do I post a picture on messenger to my Android gallery?
How did Facebook provide security when they first started?
How do I make a "connect with Aadhaar" button for the purpose of signing up just like "connect with Google or Facebook"?
Did Facebook abandon the Groups app for iOS?
How important is it in 2017 to let users login to a new app via their Facebook account?
What could be the Facebook marketing strategy for an Elementary School?
How important is it to have a Facebook profile?
What are the best scientific magazines, blogs or Facebook pages in German?
Which books and websites do you suggest for studying for the Facebook data engineer interview?
Why doesn’t Quora provide an option of self-upvoting like Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, Instagram, or other social media?
How do I like a blocked Facebook image?
Why is Quora not as popular as Facebook, Instagram, and WhatsApp?
Will you like, your fan from Quora more than, a fan from Facebook?
Is every Google and Facebook employee extremely talented?
Is Facebook’s Graph API free?
How can I get an e-mail address of a Facebook account that is hidden in its basic info on Facebook?
How do I create a memorable event on Facebook and Twitter?
Why can’t people mention me in comments on Facebook? They have tried using the @ sign as well. Facebook does suggest my name, but doesn't create a hyperlink.
Is it important for the Facebook profile to be old enough for filling up tutor profile at Chegg.com?
How do I login to my other Facebook account without writing my password on my phone?
Should I make my fitness app a Facebook Messenger app instead of a mobile app?
How can I hack someone’s WhatsApp account?
How did memes bring changes to Facebook?
How does Facebook implement endless scrolling in Android?
How can I get back into my Facebook account when I’ve done everything the help center asks and I still can't get in?
Does Buffer or Hootsuite post on LinkedIn, Facebook and Google+ groups at the same time?
Are the binary trade experts advertising on Facebook genuine? Do they trade on behalf of others or just go quiet after money is transferred to them?
Does Chrisfield MD have a back page for escorts?
Who should I follow on Facebook in 2017?
How do I load pictures from Facebook to an Instagram file?
How do I show a certain page on Blogspot without a sidebar (for example, the privacy policy page)?
Are frameworks for quantisation of apotheosis like Quora, Facebook and Twitter the direction of future apps?
Why did my ex look me up on Facebook when he has a girlfriend?
On FB Messenger, some people's statuses say "active on messenger," but my friend's just says "Messenger." What does that mean?
How do I stop people suggestion on Facebook?
Is Chrome compatible with Facebook's Gameroom?
Have you seen good outcomes from Facebook ads, boosting ads/posts, and others?
Is Facebook really helpful and necessary for a CSE student?
How do I add other social network links to my Facebook bio?
How can I find out who posted a confession on Facebook?
How can I unlink an Instagram account that's not mine from Facebook?
Why does Facebook send me email about notification on my fake account where there is nothing to show?
Is there any way to block the ads from playing between Facebook videos?
How can I recover a forgotten Facebook email?
Is there a way to import Twitter followers into Facebook?
Messenger Day is not working on my phone. Why?
Why is the degree of blue color in Facebook app is not the same degree in Messenger app?
How can I find out who's looking at my Facebook account that's not on my friend list?
If I'm searching my husband's profile and I see the same person in his friends list on Facebook, what's the reason?
How can I invite more than one Facebook friend to join a group?
Is it possible to trigger feeds from an external app to Facebook's user feed based on geography and without users subscribing to the feed itself?
How do I find out who my girlfriend is chatting with on Facebook?
How can I find people (is there a search function) via Facebook or Instagram that are living in New York?
How many mobile application developers work on apps like Instagram, Telegram, Facebook, Airbnb, and WhatsApp?
How do I promote home business in Facebook?
How can we check our Messenger chat and calling history?
Is it distasteful to share your political opinion on Facebook and Instagram?
Which AI company is acquired by Facebook recently to grow its chatbot market against API.AI?
How many entities are there in the Nametests Facebook app, and what are they?
Why can't I send another friend request to a user who declined my first request?
If we make a picture that we are tagged in our profile picture on Facebook, will the existing likes add up to our profile picture?
Can I use Facebook’s public Niagara Falls images, or do they come under copyright?
How do I generate leads from Facebook, LinkedIn, etc. without using paid ads?
How can I change the privacy settings of my posts on Facebook so that the public can see them? Why can't I find the "Public" option anywhere in the privacy settings?
Does Facebook log comment deletions?
What is a good giveaway idea on Facebook for makeup products?
What is the use of a page ID on a Facebook page?
Why isn’t Mark Zukerburg the richest person, when he owns 24% of Facebook, which has a market cap of $433 billion?
What tool/script should I use to comment to all my sales posts on FB in order to bring them up?
How can I know the address of a person doing Facebook?
Is Facebook going to charge in the future?
How can I collect the materials of a project in one place to be available for the other members without using Facebook?
How do I create a culture of stop asking use case?
If blocked on Facebook, am I blocked on Messenger?
What does it mean when the little blue icon stays white with a check mark on Messenger?
Can anyone make money on Facebook?
What does it mean if my message request on Facebook is delivered - does that mean it has been accepted but just not read yet?
Why won’t Facebook Messenger let me unblock someone? Is there a limit on how many times you can block someone?
How do you decide what Facebook friends requests or suggestions to accept?
Should I discuss politics on Facebook?
Is it possible to trace someone's IP chatting on Facebook?
How does performance change with percent of lookalike change in Facebook audiences?
How can I re-publish my Facebook page with 900K followers? I've already sent an appeal, but it was denied.
Is there any Indian who did an internship in Google/Facebook/MS/etc after their sophomore year of engineering?
How could someone bring Google or Facebook down? And I mean down for good, not only with hacks!
How much money do I have to spend on Facebook ads to get 1,000 views on my website?
Why do people like common pictures as opposed to glamorous or more meaningful pictures on Facebook?
How do people in Google see Google engineers using Facebook in office hours?
Does the admin of a Facebook page get to know that I invited people to like his page?
Can I hire someone to make me famous on Instagram or Facebook? If yes, then how do I find them?
A friend started popping my chat bar, I didnt check her profile or messaged her, Does that mean that mean she checked my profile?
What are your thoughts on Facebook advertising?
How do you stop getting notifications for other peoples' status and location updates on Facebook?
Why don’t I get likes on Facebook?
How do you prevent someone from accessing your email?
How can we generate more traffic from Facebook?
In WordTornado, in the game room on Facebook, how do I type the letters instead of dragging them when I am on my laptop?
How can you delete your inbox messages on Facebook?
Does anyone post little things (articles, comments and such) on certain people’s Facebook pages just to get a reaction?
Can others tag my name even though I deactivated my Facebook?
How can I delete my Messenger account created with my mobile phone?
How does machine learning improve advertising in Facebook in terms of revenue, CTR and/or average dwell time?
What is the best course to learn Facebook Ads?
When will there be more dead people on Facebook than living ones?
How do I use the same WebHook for multiple messenger apps/bots?
How do I create a blog in a group as my business Facebook page?
When someone is showing activity on Messenger, does it mean they are chatting?
How do I see a sent request?
Should I post my drawings on Facebook?
After the checkpoint ID verification, Facebook logs me into a new empty account. I have two accounts with one email. How does this happen?
Does the League of Legends API give Facebook basic information associated with a player?
How do I make best use of Facebook?
Do media organisations receive any revenue from Facebook/Twitter for providing them with a newsfeed?
Is a Facebook account necessary to open an Instagram account?
Why doesn't Quora ban all Facebook users?
Someone I know posted pictures of me on Facebook. What can I do about it? Facebook has not responded to my complaints about this. Who polices FB?
How can you tell if someone is on a call on Facebook Messenger?
Do you have to be Facebook friends with someone in order to Facebook message them?
How can I find who I have friended on Facebook?
How can I determine what to use for my Facebook or LinkedIn profile?
Can you login to your Instagram business account with a linked Facebook account if you forget your password?
When do you think Facebook will launch its augmented reality social platform?
I was denied access to a site saying account service was limited. The message was from siteground. What should I do?
Which website carries the most current information on Facebook marketing?
When someone posts something to your general feed on Facebook, can you hide that post but let the person who posted it still see it?
How can I prevent my Facebook avatar from showing up in the comment sections of websites and blogs I'm not connected to?
When did you realize that Facebook is a waste of time?
How do change username of Instagram in Facebook?
Why do people use Instagram? Is it better than Facebook?
How much data is consumed in a video call via Facebook Messenger?
How do I go to my Facebook archive?
How do I know how many followers a company has on Facebook?
How do I create a photo uploading website?
What is another online tool to discover popular news/viral news, other than Facebook Signal? Signal only opens for US journalists.
Why do people air their bad feelings towards a friend or relative on Facebook?
How can I view an old message from Facebook that I already deleted?
Why are some photos invisible in Facebook albums?
Is it possible to track your IP address or location from a Facebook comment? Can my location be tracked via comments I've made on Facebook posts?
Can someone be active on Messenger but have the active time stamp show they are not active?
What does a social network have to have to become successful?
Why do phone manufacturers not allow Facebook Live videos to be filmed in the horizontal format?
How do I transition a viral content Facebook page to a business direction?
How does Facebook’s 360 degree camera work?
How are your Facebook friends, family and acquaintances demanding?
Can I get my BSNL number back if I used that number 2 years ago? I urgently need that number to get back my email, Facebook, etc.
How could they create Facebook?
How do designers at Facebook feel about being asked to blatantly copy the UI and product mechanics of Snapchat?
Can we follow a post on Facebook without becoming friends?
How can I access the Facebook account of someone using my WiFi?
Do I get calls from Facebook Ads?
What email address is Jules Bonnot’s Facebook account linked to?
What naming conventions does Facebook use for its database? Why?
It has been a month since I used Facebook and WhatsApp. Will this have any effect on me?
Can I receive a notification on Facebook via my phone that someone has sent me a message, but did not use Messenger?
Why is it in Facebook groups regular members and some new ones are able to join the conversation easily while some others are met with silence?
How do big companies like Google, Facebook, and Amazon generate test data?
What are the benefits of Facebook Live for businesses?
Facebook and Instagram's new algorithms make social marketing impossible without money. What's the next frontier of free social marketing?
How can we disrupt Facebook, Snapchat, Instagram, and Twitter?
Are you using Facebook or any other apps or web contents in your native language and how matured is the language on internet?
Can you trust Facebook's data?
What is the best free Facebook bot to boost engagement?
How do I find out what the highest rated place is that I visited on Foursquare?
Someone is using my photo and created a fake Facebook account. What should I do?
I need to access all Facebook business pages in an area and get its likes, comments etc for my app. How can I do it?
How do you spot a fake Facebook email?
Why is the Internet gamified to be fundamentally inauthentic while conditioning us to be narcissists rather than adding educational value to the web?
How can I get into someone else's Facebook?
How do I get enough response from Facebook users who are intended to study abroad?
How do you send and recieve hidden messages on Facebook?
Why does my friend tag me on Facebook by replying to a random comment on the post instead of just tagging me by commenting on the post directly?
How do developers use Redux in Facebook?
Are Instagram and Facebook harmful to teens?
How can I get a new “who liked” activity log (all in one/counted by numbers) on my old Instagram account?
How do I make a new temporary account on Facebook while having my main account blocked for some time due to violation of rules?
Are affiliate links accepted for paid ads on Facebook, Google and other search engines?
Can I bring down Facebook accounts with DDoS?
If a fake Facebook account has been created in my name, then what should I do?
Who is the most popular person on Facebook?
Is it possible to make money through troll pages / Facebook troll pages?
Can depression patients sue Facebook?
How can I show offline on FB Messenger but still be online?
How does Facebook know if the person is alive or dead? How is it sharing the memories message of a person if he's dead?
Is it just a coincidence that Mark Zuckerberg created a system of manipulating the population just like his grandfather did?
How do I flower react on Facebook?
What is the most effective source of traffic apart from Facebook?
What does the Facebook app Katana do?
How many of you feel that Instagram, Snapchat and Facebook have robbed you of our ability to live in the moment and make memories with loved ones?
How is it that a successful Facebook ad will run really well for a while and suddenly dive, producing hardly anything?
What do interns at Facebook wear?
How is Facebook Marketplace doing compared to Craigslist (May 2017)?
How do I meet someone at Facebook who can help with my unpublished page?
How can I target leads on Facebook? Do I need to create a page for the business?
How much can a person earn if he has more than 10,000 likes on his Facebook page?
I have my Facebook account scheduled for permanent deletion . Is there anyway I can log into messenger without pushing my deletion date back?
Can we influence teenagers to use Quora rather than wasting time on Instagram and Facebook?
How do I show no friends on my time page?
Does YouTube video View count include views from Facebook shares and website embeds?
How can I see what date two people became friends on Facebook when only one is my friend?
What are Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube's target audiences for Googly Balloon Game?
What is a graceful way to delete my Facebook when others enjoy following my pages?
How do you reset a forgotten password and email on Facebook?
How I can follow my Facebook's friends here?
Why do some developers at very large tech companies like Google and Facebook write poor software?
Why do social media sites like Facebook and Pinterest allow users to download images while they have no copyright?
What are some of the Facebook tricks only coders can do?
Why do the Japanese seem to take a long time to warm up to new technology (e.g. Facebook, etc.)?
Which social media site is a major competitor to Facebook?
How does Facebook know who my associates are?
What does 40m mean, when it’s next to a name on Facebook?
Can I block or filter words on Facebook reviews?
Why would Facebook use SurveyMonkey when it already has a giant user base to send surveys to?
Should Facebook take down its live feature entirely after people have uploaded killings and suicides (and other atrocious acts I don't need to mention)?
Why is my Messenger app gray instead of blue?
How was Facebook made?
What version of the Tim Farron and voter story (4/5/17) is on your Facebook feed?
Have you ever reached a customer service representative with Facebook, for help with your Facebook business page?
When you block someone on Facebook, can you still see the profile of the person he/she is in a relationship with (on mobile)?
What is the code base for Facebook?
Does a human validate LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter profiles of a Quoran, before giving verified badges?
Why is a friend always stalking me on Facebook but rarely likes my posts?
What are the simplest tools for automated Facebook/Instagram ad campaigns? I know of Hootsuite, etc., but they seem to be overkill and complicated.
How do I respond if someone spells something wrong in their comment on Facebook?
Facebook was created as a desktop version and uses a MySQL database, then they made a phone version (iOS, Android). How do they use the MySQL database in iOS or Android to recognize their users?
Does FB Messenger also have a hidden status folder like WhatsApp’s?
Should I open my girlfriend’s FB account?
How can I get auto likes on my Facebook page likes, like 500?
How can you send a message to someone's inbox on Facebook?
Why is Amazon and Facebook going out of business?
Why is Facebook not allowed to use in China?
Which programming languages were used to create Quora, Facebook, Paytm, Flipkart, Amazon, Twitter and Gmail respectively?
How do we understand the context collapse in Facebook?
Do you get notified when someone reacts to your message on faceboook? Do you get a notification when somebody else reacts to an old msg on Facebook?
Is there any software to hack Facebook (include illegal ways)?
Where do I find information or someone with experience on how to migrate a personal FB profile to a business profile page?
Why can't I see my photos and friends’ photos on Instagram and Facebook?
Why doesn't Facebook allow me to download my data to my app easily?
Was Facebook's beloved purple flower emoji only for Mother’s Day? Why? Why did they remove it?
If some people blocked me on FB Messenger, can I block them, too?
How can I recover my Instagram account which is not linked to Facebook?
How do I write great content for my fan page?
Do Periscope and Facebook give an advantage to people to talk about anything they want indirectly rather than face to face?
How do I report Facebook hackers?
How do I embed an entire Facebook album to my website?
What’s the most unique way to find socially influential students?
Is it possible to create a Facebook page that searches and posts content by itself using Machine Learning or Deep Learning?
What happened to the Facebook Affinity Score?
What would be the best way to submit an idea to Facebook executives in order for it to have a good chance of being implemented by Facebook?
Is Facebook necessary for daily life?
Are there any survey tools that allow to grasp Facebook likes?
Were can I find one of Facebook’s media partners?
Can I change the emoji if someone has blocked me from Facebook Messenger?
Can I talk to somebody in Hong Kong using Facebook Messenger?
Why can't I get an email confirmation in order to change my email address on Facebook?
How can I use Facebook from the USA while in India?
Should India ban Google & Facebook?
How do companies like Google, Yahoo, Facebook, etc. store data so that the data is preserved even after their storage drives crash/fail?
Which one is more addictive: Quora or Facebook?
How can I make my Facebook impressive?
How does "trusted accounts" security on Facebook work?
How can one trace a Facebook account even if the phone being used is offline?
Why do my friends and family get more likes on Facebook than me?
Is the "last used date," for apps on Facebook really accurate?
How is the monopolization of the Internet by Google, Facebook, and Amazon destructive?
Why do random people on Facebook have thousands of followers?
Will I get in trouble for hacking myself on Facebook/Twitter/Quora?
In a Facebook post, someone referred to Obama as Diaper Boy. What is that?
Why will Facebook be blocked once net neutrality is gone?
Is there a way to embed YouTube videos in Facebook that will autoplay?
Can I get another email address on the same account for my Facebook account?
What would happen if it is compulsory and a must for everyone to own a Facebook account?
Can “actual reach achieved” on Facebook Business Manager be more than the “potential reach”?
How do I target sons/daughters on Facebook?
How do I know the top influencers in Facebook in tech niche?
What does a small green light next to a phone icon on a person’s Messenger page mean?
How do Facebook page admins earn money?
Can I see chats from someone that's not my friend?
How could I find out the cost of a Facebook ad campaign that could reach 140,000 Facebook users in 1 year?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked “How am I doing?” and I responded “Great.” with a smile. What's wrong with that?
Is there a way by which I can delete all my previous content in my Facebook account?
How do I get a blue tick mark on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram?
Why do we waste our time on social media?
What is the "username" feature for a Facebook page?
Why should one stop using Facebook and Instagram?
How do I find a friend’s Facebook username using their user ID number? Please be explicit.
How do I be famous in Facebook? And get a lot of followers?
What are the pros and cons of being a friend of your lover on Facebook?
How can I add a Facebook close friend and family list as a shortcut?
How do you see a blocked page on IG?
Does Facebook still load old messages, when added into a group chat?
When will Facebook decide to deprecate stories?
Do you think spending too much time on Facebook can make you envious of others?
Is there a jailbreak tweak on iPhone to remove Facebook app news feed?
How do I change my friend’s profile pic on any of his accounts (Gmail, Facebook, or WhatsApp) without using his password or knowledge - just for fun?
What would a guy think about a girl when she adds him on Facebook after they met only once?
Can I find friends in Facebook via their phone numbers?
What other reaction emojis would you want Facebook to introduce?
What is the best Facebook auto-like software?
Is Quora's marketing team not as good as Facebook's marketing team?
Does Facebook try to limit the visibility of posts that contain complaints/grievances about Facebook?
I have a friend request notification on Facebook. How do I find out who the person is who sent the request?
Did Mark Zuckerberg really need the 1B to invent/make Facebook, or could he have done it with, say, £1000?
Which is the best FB status for a selfie?
How did Facebook gain new users in the early days?
How do I make Facebook trust my account and enable the postpaid ads for me?
Is it possible to use old versions of social media websites such as, LinkedIn or Facebook?
How should I go about recruiting people to help run my 18+ Facebook group?
Does Facebook control which comments I see? The top comments below the popular posts always seem to agree with my political views, and that's worrying.
Can I share a video from Facebook to WhatsApp directly?
What are the chances Google or Facebook would hire a foreigner?
Is Facebook tracking WhatsApp messages or getting search tracking from Google?
Are there any restrictions for advertising an Amazon listing through Facebook ads on either end?
Does Facebook show the phone number which you have for account verification purposes?
Why are Indians not able to build a successful and popular social media website like Facebook, Twitter, Myspace, LinkedIn, Quora and many more that have millions of users?
Why do internet providers want to block Facebook once net neutrality is gone in the US?
I am getting too many fake profile requests on Facebook since February, 2017. Is anybody else facing the same?
How do I put a text notification on my Instagram and Facebook pages?
What actually is Facebook's Flow? What does it help with?
How do I get 5000 Facebook friend requests in one day?
How much money would Facebook lose for a 10 minute shutdown?
Is there currently a US Army base in Accra, Africa? I have received a Facebook offer of romance saying that he is currently serving there.
How do I find influencers for cosmetics in Instagram and Facebook?
How can I hide my likes and comments from friends' news feed?
Who is Wornies? Why am I seeing Wornies in almost every Facebook post?
How do I get a reply from a girl on FB chat?
Will Amazon/Google/Facebook ever be overtaken by similar companies or are they permanent superpowers?
What is your opinion regarding the current quarterly results of Facebook Q1FY17?
How can one generate leads through Instagram and Facebook?
Can we (humans) expect a good life and living without social networking sites like Facebook, Twitter, Quora, WhatsApp and more?
How do I restore my old Facebook account if I forgot my password and email address?
Do people care about "likes" on their posts on social networks, like Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, etc.?
Facebook is hiring 3,000 to review videos of crime and suicide. Would you consider applying for this type of job and if yes, how would you cope?
In Facebook ads, can we target company names or company CEOs?
What is the current ballpark developer rates for simple Facebook Messenger Chatbots?
Can the police interrogate me over a post on Facebook about constitutional rights in America?
Why is there partiality on Facebook?
What do photos look like in Facebook data downloads?
Is it hard to be hired by Facebook?
How do I see all likers (people who have liked a page) on Facebook?
What will happen if I delete my Gmail account? Will it delete everything that I used my Gmail on like Facebook or sites that I put my Gmail in?
How can I remove a comment on Facebook?
Do Korean people change their Facebook profie picture in support of President Moon?
Will this Facebook advertisement be less expensive if I remove the "sign up" button?
If someone deactivates his account on Facebook, then will his number be visible to his friends?
How do I secure my Facebook account when someone reports me?
How much time do Facebook take for account verification?
How can I find a holiday destination based on a Facebook profile?
What is better: to let guests know who are the other guests of a party or not letting them know that in advance?
I saw a girl on Facebook and was intrigued by her. I sent a friend request and also messaged her, saying she looks great. Is this how to approach people on Facebook?
How can I turn all my Facebook requests into followers?
How do I know if someone is on their phone through Messenger?
Do Facebook friends receive my posts?
How would you know if your call had been rejected on Facebook Messenger?
What do the numbers on a Snapchat profile mean and how do they increase?
What's the best way to auto-post to a Facebook buy/sell group?
How does someone hide their green dot on Messenger, but still say active now?
How much stock have Facebook employees received as of 2010?
How can I get my pic deleted from Facebook?
What is the average click per impression for Facebook ads?
What are best marketing models for video tagging applications like Facebook photo tagging which you can tag people in a video?
What can I use instead of Facebook?
What does circle with tick mean in messenger?
Considering the role social media has played in spreading political news lately, would Mark Zuckerberg have an unfair advantage if he ran for office?
How do I fathom if a Facebook phone interview went good or bad?
My mum constantly posts photos of me on Facebook, how can I get her to stop? I'm sixteen and I've tried telling her to stop but she won't.
What is Facebook's Jest project?
Is there a way to download a video from Facebook which have been removed?
If you block a friend on Facebook, can they still see your page?
How do I remove email suggestion on Facebook log in on my phone?
What is the song used in Facebook's birthday recall videos?
What are some websites like Facebook that gives users an option to upload their government id?
How do you receive Facebook messages on an Android without letting the sender get a blue circle (the one before “seen”)?
How much should I charge to manage an Instagram and a Facebook page?
How do I increase a Facebook fan page’s organic likes?
How do I save campaigns in Facebook Ads Manager?
How can I take down a fake Facebook profile? It is harrassing me and I'm isolated and depressed.
Can I see whether someone views my Facebook account a lot?
Is there anyone on Quora who uses Facebook frequently but still maintains a good code of conduct throughout his day?
What would happen if Facebook removed or hid the contact button from the Messenger app?
How do I stop showing videos you may like on Facebook?
How do you access secret Facebook groups?
How can I grow my Facebook fan page without getting blocked, considering the Facebook restrictions?
Does Facebook have a program to support startups building products in its ecosystem?
Why does it show that someone is active on Facebook Messenger when I'm not even Facebook friends with them?
How can I make Google photos my default download location for Chrome, Facebook and Twitter photos?
How do I turn off the message preview from the Facebook Messenger app in iOS 10.3?
How can I earn from my Facebook page if I have 5000+ likes?
What are the major technologies being used in tech giants like Google and Facebook? I am from a programming background and currently working for Wipro.
Is it possible to fetch other users’ data from Tumblr?
How do I gain access to a Facebook account that I have personal information on but no password?
How do I pass username and password of Facebook in URL?
How do I respond to the question “Do I know you?” on Facebook?
Is posting a photo with a celebrity a violation of Facebook community standards, especially when they agreed to be photoed but are unaware of its use?
What should I comment on my boyfriend's photo on Facebook?
Is it true that Facebook earns more money by advertisement rather than through its application and products?
Why does Facebook allow livestreaming?
What does Facebook actually do when I mark that I ignored a friend request because I don't know that person?
How do I search for someone who is not on Facebook or Google?
How can I see who viewed my Vkontakte photo?
Whar are some popular Facebook pages or websites which post facts about different languages?
Can you tell if someone visits your Facebook profile?
How does Facebook determine what percentage of a user's news feed is ads vs. organic stories?
How many people post their shopping queries on Facebook?
Do companies like Facebook, Google and Amazon require university degrees for web developers?
Can I invite followers on my personal Facebook account to like my business page?
What is the best alternative to Facebook & Instagram?
Why are my favorites not showing up in Facebook Messenger?
How do I make it to the Big Four as a software developer?
Why do Facebook introduced and then reverted the thankful reaction?
Facebook has suggested my ex in People you May Know. Should I send her a request?
When browsing to my friend’s post in Facebook it has 78 likes and 1 share on the bottom. How can I find out who shared it?
Are Facebook and Instagram statistics about a promoted post really true?
What percent of Indians are busy on FB?
How do I respond to a plan in Facebook Messenger?
Is there an API for recent Facebook page likes that I can implement into a live stream?
Do my friends know if I look at someone's Facebook from my friend's Facebook account?
Why do we Indians always talk about love, like love story movies, in WhatsApp and Facebook statuses?
Where can you see the date of when you were blocked by a person on Facebook?
Patanjali are promoting their products on Facebook and YouTube, etc. which are platforms run by foreign companies. Doesn’t that go against their Swadeshi movement?
Can I get on Facebook without anyone knowing?
How do I find all the Facebook groups in my city?
Are these Facebook apps unsafe?
How do the top 6 friends on your Facebook profile work?
Where can I buy 'real' US Facebook fans?
How can I use Graph API to get Facebook profile data using Python, R, Flume, and Spark?
How do I read somebody else's messages on Facebook with out them knowing?
How do I see other people’s messages on Messenger?
How can I make 2 Instagram accounts with one Facebook account?
What is the difference between Facebook addicts and Quora addicts?
Can I have a FB page with no one knowing about it?
How do we scale our current 13 Adsets Facebook (13 ads) targeting the same audience optimized by FB?
How do I edit my comment below a post on Facebook, but have it show as the original comment and not an edit?
Are the statistics on Facebook and Instagram about promoted post authentic?
Can I find a person on Facebook if I have an email address?
How does Facebook determine whether solid or gradient backgrounds are available for status updates and when?
Can I reset my password on IG if I forgot my email account and my phone number indicated on it doesn't exist?
Every time I run an ad on my Facebook Page, organic reach on regular posts plummet, and they do not normalize for a week. Why is this happening?
Why is my CPC on Facebook rising while my audience is not even half saturated?
Should I only run my Facebook ad during the hours most conversions occur?
Is it mandatory to have an FB account for a Quora user provided I do not have accounts in Facebook or Twitter?Is it stupid of me for not having so?
Did you start to visit Facebook less after you discovered Quora?
Is moving away from payments to pure ads a good strategy for Facebook Messenger?
How can I see who my girlfriend is talking to when using messenger and private messenger?
What configuration is Mark Zuckerberg using as a primary development machine?
How did Jessica Su prepare for her interview at Facebook?
If it could be proven without a doubt that there is no God (for lack of a better word), what would happen?
Can I download 2 Facebook app?
What is the meaning of “hmm” in messenger?
Do people use WhatsApp in Switzerland?
Would you find it worse to be blocked on Facebook or unfriended?
Why can't Facebook allow more than 5000 friends?
I have deactivated my Facebook account. I did this on my phone. But I can still log back in. Does this mean my account is not deleted properly?
How do I go from ‘connected on FB Messenger’ to ‘click here to invite’?
Someone is sharing pictures of my friend with a fake Facebook ID. How can we report it to Facebook and how can we trace that person?
Which are the best Facebook pages from Tamil Nadu, which will make you occupied?
Is it better to use the Instagram or Facebook advertising platform to get a higher install rate of a mobile app?
Why is it that I can talk on my phone about something, and within a couple of days, see some ads for it sent to me on Facebook?
What are the benefits of Facebook?
Didn't Facebook realize that implementing the story feature in all their apps will just divide their users?
How do I log into my Facebook account if I don't know my password or the password to the email I signed in with?
What is the best social media platform to gauge public sentiment: Twitter, Facebook, or Quora?
How do you find customers in Canada on Facebook?
Are the images sent over FB secure?
How do I prevent my Facebook fan page from getting unpublished after merging?
Why doesn't Facebook come up with (write) its own operating system?
Do you believe health should be free like Quora, Facebook, and Wikipedia?
Is there an app to know who sends invites to my Facebook?
In the U.S., is it criminal to create a fake Facebook account and obtain nudes?
How do I recover my Facebook account for which I know the email address?
What will happen to Facebook and WhatsApp in June?
How do I find links of engineering students Facebook groups in any American universities?
How can I edit a Facebook post?
Does Facebook allow two accounts of yours, both with real name and correct info?
How are Facebook landing pages created?
How do I change my birth date on my Facebook profile?
Do Facebook, Spotify and other big tech companies use BitTorrent, and if so, in what way?
How good is Facebook marketplace for selling used electronics?
Do you feel that Facebook causes issues with cell phones not working properly?
If a person does not have Messenger and is not my friend on Facebook, how will they see my message?
What happens to your Facebook account if you pass away?
If two people block each other on Facebook, how can it be undone?
What will be the impact if Quora had emotions like Facebook/WhatsApp instead of upvotes (with features such as like, wow, smile, etc)?
Can I earn through Facebook pages?
How do I have a Facebook account that is free from political posts?
Is it true that you can request a copy of the file the FBI has on you by sending them a letter?
How is Facebook gaining ground in the display advertising market?
Why doesn't Facebook show me my likes?
How can I send friend request to the CEO of Facebook Mark Zuckerberg?
How visible are Facebook posts set to "friends only"? Can employers find them?
Where can I find Facebook coupons (50$) for cheap prices?
Why do some words on my Facebook page look like this ⵜⴰⵣⵡⵓⵔⵜ when I sign in from Chrome or Edge?
How can I find out if one of my friend on friend list has more than one number?
Can someone possibly get a notification if Iook at their Facebook a lot on my account?
Do China and Russia have their own version of Facebook?
How can I find similar Facebook Fanpages (free tool)?
Why do celebrities and others choose to use Twitter more than Facebook to share ideas and other content?
Is a person blocked on Facebook Messenger blocked on Facebook, too?
How can I access my ex girlfriends Facebook from my iPhone when she is in a different state?
Why are the Carousel images getting blurred on Facebook? The dimensions are above 600x600.
How I can undo my deleted chats on Facebook?
Where do I view my friend list?
Can I add friends of my friend on Facebook? What does he/she actually think?
When Facebook disables an account, does it ban the account or that person? And are those users allowed to create a new account?
Is there any IPM aspirant I could get in contact with via Facebook or any other means?
Are we allowed to add teachers we had on Facebook and speak to them?
Do you think Discord has the potential to transform into a large social network?
How many followers do I need to attract adverts for my Facebook page?
What Social media sites to use instead of Facebook for daily usage?
Why don't Indian boys make American girlfriends through Facebook?
Can Facebook be replaced?
Why does Quora allow users to have a different name from their Facebook accounts?
What are “autolikes” in Facebook?
Why can't I see the details of someone who is not my friend and who was last active on Messenger?
Is social media like Facebook good for your own development?
How can I send a request to a person on FB, when it keeps on showing 'send request to known person only' but I know that person?
Does the FCC regulate the Facebook videos?
Facebook has around 2 billion users. Why are they still doing marketing via ads? Do they really need any advertisement, as every child knows about them?
Is there any app for Facebook that when a specific person​ comes online I get notified​?
Is it illegal to use someone’s wedding video that you shoot for marketing purposes on FaceBook/YouTube?
Why is there no Swadesi website similar to Google or Facebook in India?
How can I stop or mute a Facebook video embedded via JavaScript SDK on my own page (my page is in my own domain)?
How do you activate a disabled account?
How do I recover my deleted Facebook messages?
How one can gain Facebook page likes?
What is meant by "you have a friend suggestion”?
Does Facebook pay for its users to create a page or a group? If yes, then how much?
How can I find out if my wife is cheating, with Facebook and chat lines?
Why won't Facebook or forum sites be blocked without net neutrality?
Some parts of the conversation disappear from the Facebook group chat. Why is this happening?
Can Mark Zuckerberg read celebrities' Facebook chats?
Why am I being asked to add someone to a Facebook group?
How do I guess if a data engineer phone interview for Facebook went good or bad?
Why does a narcissist man make his Facebook profile public then go private?
What app has full page advertisements that pop up at random? The ads almost always lead to company Facebook pages. It does not show up in scans.
How can I transfer a Facebook session from my iOS device to somewhere else?
How can you call somebody through Messenger if you are not friends?
If 2 Facebook accounts have been deleted permanently, then what will happen to the chat conversations, including photos, between those 2 accounts?
Is it possible to change the SMS content of Facebook Account Kit?
What are the best comments for a mother’s profile?
Do people hack Facebook or Google to fix bugs? Or is there any other way to fix it legally?
What are the characteristics of passive aggressive Facebook posts?
Facebook Ads: what interest group would be best for people that have recently purchased a TV and may need installation? It's so broad.
What is the basic difference between Facebook and other social sites which makes Facebook very much popular and others not?
What would be viable antitrust strategies against Facebook and Google becoming/already being a digital advertising duopoly?
How do I delete archived messages (chat logs) on Facebook?
Is Facebook down right now May 25, 2017?
Why would a good guy friend block me from Facebook? I've known him 20 years.
Is there a way, in 2017, to import Facebook comments (from a blog post with Facebook comments) to the original WordPress comment system or Disqus?
How can you see how long someone has been friends on Facebook?
Which is the best free Facebook lead management software?
How do I know if someone I am not friends with on Facebook received my message on Messenger?
How do I make payments for Facebook sponsored posts through Paytm?
What did Facebook & Snapchat do in its first 12 months for marketing and user acquisition?
Can I recover a deleted Facebook chat?
Would you have had the foresight to join Facebook if Mark Zuckerberg approached you and asked you to help him create the world's largest social media platform?
What is Facebook's core competency?
How is game theory used in real life applications by tech-companies such as Google, Facebook, Amazon, Microsoft and others?
Is there a tutorial for making a Facebook chat bot triggered by a page's post comments?
How many people use Facebook in Turkiye?
If celebrities don’t have personal Facebook accounts, how do they have a Facebook page?
If somebody hacked my Facebook and ended the log in session afterwards, would their log in still show up in my archive?
Can I download all of my Messenger information?
Is YouTube live feature copied from Facebook live?
When did Facebook become irrelevant?
What is this ad on Facebook for?
Does Mark Zuckerberg's mom tell him to concentrate on Facebook?
If you just launched Facebook events 2.0, what metrics would you collect and how would you know if the launch was a success?
Is it advisable to combine a personal Facebook account with a business one?
Who pays for posts on Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, etc?
Are you friends with Tyler Garman Art on Facebook?
What makes someone choose one form of direct messaging over another? For example, why choose Facebook Messenger, Instagram Direct, Snap Direct, or WhatsApp?
Can Quora be an alternative to Facebook and Twitter for students?
Why is Facebook going to be banned in the US?
How do you go from being connected on Messenger to saying ‘click here to invite’?
Does Facebook or any other social media site monitor our everyday life?
How do you place a countdown clock on a Facebook page?
How can I get more GoFundMe page views? I have shared with all Facebook friends and Twitter.
Who approves Facebook ads: Bots or humans?
Can I earn money through Facebook?
Does Balaji Viswanathan have a Facebook account?
Who has my girlfriend recently added on Facebook?
What does Facebook not monetise shopping on the platform through commission like Amazon does?
How many accounts has Facebook disabled?
Can I make a truly 'public' Facebook live (see details)?
What is the eligibility criteria for getting off campus placement in Google, Facebook and Microsoft?
How do the companies like Google and Facebook recruit, and how can you know their exam dates?
This girl I have a crush on accepted my Facebook friend request only about 2 hours after I sent it. Does that mean she likes me?
How can Facebook choose people to show you in 'people you may know'?
Who can see comments written on Facebook pages of celebrities?
Is it impossible to get a lot of friends on Facebook?
Why are people on Quora posting their personal photos and making it another Facebook? Why doesn’t Quora’s administration put a stop to it?
What is the adoption rate of Facebook in India?
Is it unethical to gain Facebook likes from suffering one?
Can you check your fb messages?
Will Facebook survive once the US gets rid of net neutrality?
When a Facebook page I follow/like host or co-host an event, will I receive a notification?
Why is Facebook not allowing me to add a description on my page and also place a website, etc.?
How do I know who’s viewed my video on Facebook?
Can one post nudes privately on Facebook?
How do the Facebook, WhatsApp, and Instagram applications make money?
What is India's biggest Facebook group?
How do I open my old Facebook account if I forgot my password and email address?
How can I write bold letters in a Facebook post?
How can I use a mobile number to search for a Facebook ID?
If a company’s Facebook posts are not being shown, what can the company do to be seen by more of its fans?
How do you analyze the structure of "Is it us, or are news headlines about Facebook's impact on our health popping up more and more these days?"
How can you login without a code on Facebook?
Can we find our lookalike on Facebook?
How do I delete my fb account permanently?
What do you fear most about mind/thought reading technology?
One of my non-Muslim friends is not accepting my friend request on Facebook because I have reverted to Islam. What will you say?
Why is it when I Unfollow a page on Facebook, but don't Unlike it, I still see its news on my newsfeed?
How do I share an image on Facebook to WhatsApp?
Why won't Facebook load the remainder of the photo album instead of just giving me the spinning cursor?
Can someone receive an invite to join messenger from a deactivated Facebook account?
How can you tell if someone is talking you privately on Messenger?
Why does Facebook let you collapse comments of people that you follow but not friends?
Should I setup a separate ad account for Facebook Traffic and Remarketing?
How do I send Facebook to WeChat?
If Facebook forced you to scan your passport for them, would you do it?
Which Facebook groups are the best for video marketing advice?
Do you think Snapchat will last?
How does Facebook chat work in PC and phones?
How do you tag someone on Facebook?
Has your Facebook Page ever been stolen?
What tools do you use in hacking Facebook account?
Is it possible to attach Facebook album to a website?
How do I get access to Facebook Stories and Messenger Day?
How are some AMP-enabled posts, or Facebook instant articles, showing my email in their subscription boxes?
Does the number of friends a person has on Facebook reveal anything?
People tab on messenger(iOS) is loading, nothing appear and there is no active people shown, what am I supposed to do?
Can we restrict the voting rights of members in a Facebook group?
How do I link comments from my previous post to a new post?
How do I add a community tab on my Facebook page?
How do some Facebook users set picture as a background of their Facebook text status? Note that I don't mean color/gradient but actual picture.
Should one join Facebook or Instagram?
Would a web/mobile developer interview at Facebook/Instagram require heavy ds & algorithms?
Why would I get a push notification if one of my connections liked a post (not my post) on LinkedIn?
How many views is a Facebook post likely to have per share?
How do I find a USA active Facebook group?
If you have two separate Facebook accounts (as a company), is it possible to migrate the pages owned by each account to one account?
How can you drive traffic to an eBay or Amazon listing using Facebook?
Someone has hacked my Facebook account and posted something obscene. I want to change the password, but forgot my present password. How do I change it?
How do I check Facebook login status in Android?
What percent of Messenger users are English speaking?
How can I get more shares on my Facebook videos?
What is the simplest way to share an FB video to a non-FB user?
How do I un-archive a Facebook contact (conversation) to the inbox (desktop)?
How can I unlink a logged out Instagram account from my Facebook page?
How do I see “Friend Request Sent” on Facebook?
Do you feel annoyed that when you see Facebook telling you that an offender does not violate the standards of racism and violent remarks of theirs?
Henry Froelich asks: Is it liberating to have a Facebook account with no friends, just post publicly so that anyone can see, and comment?
How do I invite people who are not present in my Facebook friends list to like my Facebook page?
Can I expect to get a job in companies like Google, Facebook, etc. if I take CS at Sikkim Manipal University?
Does it leave a poor impression to start a conversation with a coworker you like on Facebook than in person?
How do police deal with cases related to Facebook IDs that were deleted 2 years ago?
What is the easiest way to embed Facebook photos as a slideshow on my website?
Can I access my WhatsApp via Facebook?
Is there any way I could find who visits my Facebook profile for free?
How do I know who my secret profile visitors are on Facebook?
How can I send Facebook notifications to other Facebook users?
Would Facebook's ParlAI scale to RDFS or OWL?
How do I remove the phone number from my FB account?
How do I get rid off of using Facebook?
How do you get Facebook page likes for your new startup page?
How do I delete a Facebook account which I don't use?
Why is the green dot after the phone icon on Messenger not shown for everyone?
What is the process to live steam cricket match on a Facebook Page?
Why is it easy to get likes on Facebook but hard to get upvotes on Quora?
Does Facebook feel a long-term threat to its viability and brand? Does it recognize that emerging social media platforms are stealing market share?
How can I join tech giants like Google, Facebook, MSFT as college dropout in India? And what salary can I expect?
If I customize who can see posts I'm tagged in on my timeline on Facebook, can they still see it in their newsfeed?
Can being active on Messenger also mean someone is scrolling through their feed or watching videos, etc.?
How do I find US-based Facebook Fiverr groups?
How can hide my friend list on Facebook using an Android phone?
What would cause me to stop being able to see when someone is active on Facebook Messenger? Would they have to have blocked me?
After a relationship ends, do you block or unfriend the ex on Facebook?
Why is Facebook getting boring?
Does Google share its big data with Facebook?
How do I increase the spending limit of a Facebook page?
How can you make your Facebook stand out?
How do we know how many page likes or post likes can we get with a budget of $500 for Facebook ads lifetime budget?
What language is Facebook Android app written in?
How do I make my Facebook page more popular among women?
How I can recover my Facebook account because I forgot the password?
Does everyone get Facebook stats on their page?
What's the difference between hosting and co-hosting a Facebook event as a fan page?
How can I know my friends on Facebook who never like my posts? I don't want to unfriend those people who keep liking my posts.
I have two accounts linked on Messenger. Will it show active for both accounts even when only one account is being used?
Why don't I see the Facebook explore option in desktop and only in Facebook application?
I keep getting friend requests in Facebook from people (real ones, not fake) I haven't met, should I accept them?
Can I export pictures in the comments on a Facebook page?
I've 3 pages with the personal profile, I claimed one page to the business manager and I want to restore it to my personal account, how can I do it?
Why do profile pictures of guys in WhatsApp, Facebook, etc. include their girlfriend while almost all girls will not have their partners' photo included in theirs?
What BlueKai data does Facebook collect? Are they cookies-based?
How do you target fans of other fan pages in Facebook ads?
Can I be notified if someone searches me or my Facebook page?
How do we extract mobile numbers from our friends on Facebook with the help of an Android device?
How many days is Facebook disabled for?
How can I bring back accidently spammed chats in Messenger?
I have a tech page on IG called @samsungblog_ that has more than 80k followers. How can I make money from that? I also have 3 more tech pages with 30k
Can I get alerts showing me how long I have been active on Facebook and Facebook messenger?
Why doesn’t my Facebook message to someone have blue ticks, even if he is online?
How am I supposed to help a friend whose Facebook account has been hacked?
What "new" business idea would you give these companies to expand their business: Amazon, Netflix, Apple, Uber, Facebook and Twitter?
How can I get more likes in Facebook group?
Is it possible to get a Facebook blue badge on a media page with 3.9k likes?
Can WhatsApp be hacked with a Facebook password?
Why has Facebook not acquired TripAdvisor yet?
How can I add a custom E-book cover to a PDF book?
How much is spent on Facebook advertising, on average, by a small scale business?
How does the Facebook “Suggestion” part work? How do they suggest friends?
Can you catch someone with a fake account on Facebook?
How do I get Facebook to remove a fake profile using my father’s identity? Reporting hasn't worked.
If Mark Zuckerberg became president, would he be consider the most powerful man alive?
Why are most of the people switching from Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, etc., to Quora?
I added someone to my contacts, can they somehow see that they are on my contacts using Snapchat?
Is anyone having issues with Facebook Ads, Ads Manager, or getting their ads reviewed? My Facebook ads are not getting reviewed.
There are so many ads about the ‘No. 1 Internet Marketing/Marketer’ on Facebook. Which one is the most reliable and true?
China's protective market has created competitors to Google, FB and Amazon. Should other countries follow so as to cultivate homegrown companies?
Which social networks have the best comments under the comment model?
How do I get fake followers on a Facebook fan page?
What is the biggest free classified Facebook page in Bangladesh?
How can I get the blue mark on my Facebook profile?
Isn't the social media like Snapchat and Instagram making today's youth more pretentious?
How do I find out who has seen my comments on a photo on Facebook?
How do I see if someone blocked me from seeing their post but I'm still their friend on Snapchat?
Why do people not support your posts on Facebook?
How do I market to a specific segment of the population on Facebook?
What is the age to use Facebook?
How do I block someone from seeing my FB page?
How do I get back into my Facebook account if someone changed my password?
What are Facebook texts?
What accounts for Facebook's decline in popularity?
Can I share a Facebook page event on LinkedIn?
Have you ever tried to troll anyone online while chatting?
How do I change unpublished Facebook posts to published?
Why can’t India make Google and Facebook?
How do I open my husband's FB account in my cell phone without his knowledge?
What is the best reply if a stranger abuses me on Facebook?
Is there a way to tell what targeting options people are using to serve you a specific Facebook ad?
Why would someone make private their relationship status on FB? Especially when you can link to their partner that says married?
How can I make an auto-reply in my Facebook account?
How can I log in to Gmail or Facebook knowing only my username using an inspect element?
What are the pros of being on Facebook? We have all read numerous answers on the cons already.
What are the best uses or features of Facebook?
Is there an iPhone app that combines SMS, email, and Facebook messenger in one inbox?
What softwares & platform does Google and Facebook use to create marketing materials?
Why are some (maybe many) people 'not' using Facebook/Twitter? I’d like to understand their angle as well.
What is the most expensive country in which to advertise on Facebook, in terms of CPC & CPM?
Can one get malware by visiting a real Facebook page?
Can you Suggest me some hacks of Facebook?
Should I add a guy I like on Facebook?
Can I follow back links from Facebook and Google Plus?
How do I share HTML canvas to Facebook using Facebook JavaScript SDK?
How can I find my first Facebook?
How can I report hacking on Facebook?
What is Facebook's code review process like?
How do I set up a Facebook ads campaign targeting people suffering from injuries?
How can I get a brand endorsement for my Facebook videos, if they are seen by 1lakh people on average?
Why do people say Instagram is for close friends and Facebook is for everyone?
What are your thoughts on Facebook's Two-Person-Live feature on Facebook Live?
Why do I get suggestions of my contacts on Facebook when I have not linked my phone number to the account?
How does Facebook get data about professional Dota matches?
How can I know if someone used my Facebook account without my permission?
How do we post live video on Facebook from a mobile?
Is there an app I can use to delete one entire year of Facebook post, while keeping other years intact?
What are some of the questions asked in Facebook interviews?
How do I find private profiles from my fiancee’s Facebook account?
Why did Facebook take back the 'Thankful' flower emoticon?
Which is the best group on Facebook for puzzles?
How can I cancel a pending request on Facebook?
Which is a better option to promote a home based business? A Facebook page or a blog?
How can you tell if someone is messaging someone on Messenger?
Do you think Facebook is becoming YouTube's younger sibling?
How do you feel when you are at home and see a pictures of a group of friends on Facebook or Instagram?
Is there any app which help us to see who has checked our WhatsApp and Facebook profile?
Is Mark Zuckerberg egoistic?
How do I get on Facebook if it's blocked by the wifi?
Why doesn't Facebook take reports seriously?
What is the best way to report a Facebook page with more than 100,000 followers, and is there a specific number of Facebook users to report it?
How can I display Facebook album on my website using different layouts? (Grid, Masonery, Slideshow etc)
How do I transition a viral content media Facebook page to a business direction?
TamilRockers is one of the piracy websites. They are interacting with the people in Twitter and Facebook. Can the cybercrime department do something?
Is it a good idea to send my former teacher a friend request on Facebook?
How do I use Facebook and WhatsApp on a Blackberry Z10?
Can a candidate go through multiple recruiters for Facebook or Google at the same time? Do they see each other's candidate history?
Do you think Quora is more addictive than Facebook and Instagram?
Is it legal for someone to keep a deceased family member's profile on Facebook active after that person has died without noting it in their profile?
How can we counter a point where someone says its not a bad thing (could be anything like, social networking etc.) in itself if it's used properly?
Why did the icon marketplace on my Facebook account suddenly disappear?
What is/are the best programming language/s to learn, if you want to work in Facebook or Google?
How can I browse Facebook anonymously?
Which one is very important in Facebook marketing: page likes or post engagement?
Is there a way to safeguard your Facebook Custom Audiences in case your ad account gets disabled?
Why do people say that Facebook targeting is amazing when I can only select age, gender and interests?
Is Facebook interesting for BtoB marketers?
Facebook has used my ID to do verification in the past, how long does it keep a copy of that ID and how do I remove it?
How do I stop my Facebook addiction?
Did Mark Zuckerberg die?
What do I do with a Google Tracking Code and Facebook Pixel?
Is it common for Facebook and Google users to distrust the companies and feel helpless about it?
Why does Facebook specifically not allow you to untag yourself from other people's comments?
Why has the search functionality on Facebook buy-and-sell groups been removed?
How can I create impressive posts on Facebook?
Can you see your Facebook password on messenger?
I deactivated my account. Will she still get my message?
Can we get a Facebook users list from a particular location using an FB API?
Is there any way to search a Facebook account​ by the uploaded pictures on that account​?
How do I check my Facebook archive?
Why does Facebook keep rejecting my ad?
Why do giants like Google and Facebook spend money on advertising?
What are the creepiest things Facebook has ever done?
What can we expect from Facebook TV this summer?
What will be Facebook's next step after a report of an account hack is made? How long does it take? What is Facebook’s customer care number (India), if one exits?
If a reporter is a type of journalist, and news is defined as noteworthy, am I a journalist if I post on Facebook something relevant to my friends?
Why do I still get notifications from Facebook when I have deactivated my account?
What is the best practice for really short term advertising on Facebook?
How do Facebook collection ads work?
Are there any good sites that I can market my credit restoration business other then Facebook and Instagram?
Could any Facebook password be difficult to hack?
How can I make people comment on my blog mainakiwiri.WordPress.com using their Facebook accounts?
How do I unfollow all of my friends on Facebook and just follow pages?
What is the salary for interns at Facebook in 2017?
How can I find my friend’s mobile number on Facebook without asking him?
Why do leftists block people who were against them on social media? Is it considered bullying?
Why has Google+ failed to triumph over Facebook?
How do you know if your friend on Facebook Messenger is on a call on Messenger?
How can I set up a FB page for a nightclub promoter?
How do I implement news feed for social network?
In what way can a Facebook Messenger bot help a college?
Should I put my ''concepts'' of a UI/UX redesign for sites like Spotify, Facebook etc. in my portfolio?
How can I advertised to married mums who are NOT in employment on Facebook?
Why is the monopolization of the Internet by Google, Facebook, and Amazon destructive?
How do I keep videos playing in the background, on Facebook, which I've started?
Are there any products that would work similarly to a private Facebook group for running an app pilot for teams of 50+ users? For feedback, support, etc.
What happened to the Norinder Mudi page on Facebook?
If a friend marks your message unread, will I still see the "seen" after?
How do I find out who is behind a Facebook page if they have not identified an admin and they do not reply to a message request?
Is there not a Facebook Page Template that features Events and Groups?
How do we integrate Facebook with CI?
If I bought one share of Facebook and the company increased in value by 10% two years later, how much would my single share be worth?
How do you stay connected to real life and not get lost in living for the next social media post?
How is Facebook reading my iMessages?
What developing app (e.g. Java, Python, Swift) was used to make Facebook?
Why are Pakistanis not as active on Quora as they are on Facebook?
Should you keep your enemies on Facebook?
Can I earn with Facebook videos?
Where can I find someone who can help me spy on my spouse’s Facebook and text messages without his knowledge?
What do programmers at big tech companies like Google, Facebook, etc., eat and drink to support their productivity (snacks, drinks, etc.)? What besides coffee do they consume?
Who gets unfriended and blocked online and what do they block you and unfriend you for?
Is having a Facebook account cut off worth sharing your ID?
What's stopping Facebook from building their own search engine and/or browser?
How many hours per day does a social media manager need to activate and surveil Facebook and Twitter campaigns?
Can a message on Facebook be traced back to me if I used a fake profile?
Someone hacked my Facebook account and changed my profile picture. What can I do to fix this?
How can I change my Facebook account to be my work account?
Is there any way to lock an application (say, WhatsApp or Facebook) on the iPhone 6?
How is Quora reading my Facebook profile even though I made it private?
How do I check someone’s post on Facebook if they have a blog?
Has anyone on Quora recently deleted their Facebook account, and did doing so improve his/her quality of life?
What are the steps of building a Facebook messenger bot which will store data in a self-hosted database?
How many people or companies are working on trying to unseat Facebook as the dominant social media platform?
How do I get to know the best time of launching a blog while running a Facebook page?
Why does Facebook ad experts do not share some of their success secrets/tricks?
Why is Facebook business page taking more than 1 week to approve the products?
How can we earn money through Facebook in India?
What type of programming language should I learn if I want to make a social media platform like Facebook?
How do I retreive my password for Facebook without using the old verification?
Will companies like Facebook, Uber, Thankeyou and Airbnb survive in the market for the next 30 years?
When will moderated sites like Facebook, Quora, etc., acknowledge that posts in denial of anthropogenic global warming are essentially fake news?
Is Facebook's intention to implement Delegated Account Recovery instead of passwords adding more security to your account or compromising it?
How do I use Baybayin in Facebook?
How can you make an invitation on Facebook?
Is it a crime to hack a Facebook account?
My crush's birthday is tomorrow . He has kept it hidden on Facebook. Should I wish him?
Can I have Facebook to send me my password to another email?
To what extent can a Facebook account can be kept deactivated so that afterwards it can be recovered before Facebook permanently deletes it?
Why do people only send happy and travelling photos on WhatsApp and Facebook? Why don’t they also send some when they are going through some bad phase?
Can I legally publish 3rd party articles to Facebook Instant Articles if I credit the author?
How do I show my workplace on my Facebook profile?
How can I invite people who shared my post to like my Facebook business page?
Why have people started deleting their Facebook accounts?
Why does Facebook have such a horrible and poor programming design?
Why does Facebook not show Arnab's new channel Rebuplic as a trending topic?
Does Facebook hate Google?
Should I be back on Facebook?
Why are these companies paying such huge amounts to their interns?
What are some good Christmas Facebook statuses?
When does Messenger show when someone is online? Can Messenger show who is online without opening Facebook?
Is there any popular English social media app like Facebook or Twitter which has not yet been banned by the Chinese government?
Why do Facebook notifications still make sounds even after I turn off "Play a sound when each new notification is received"?
If someone's Facebook posts are not shareable and they wish to change this, what do they do?
How​ can I find a fake Facebook account​?
Is it possible to partner with a Facebook page with lakhs of likes for the promotion of my website in return for 20% of my AdSense income?
How do I write posts with attractive English on Facebook?
How do I unfollow everyone on FB?
Which is the most important company among Facebook, Google, and Apple?
How eseential is Facebook for professional networking? (I plan to do my MBA this year, haven't really felt the need of getting on Facebook till now)
Do celebrities have two Facebook accounts?
Where on Facebook Messenger can I find the date I blocked someone?
What are some other chat sites like Facebook?
What is the best social media marketing tools to schedule posts for Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Pinterest and Instagram?
What is the software from which Facebook is programmed?
How do the telecom operators block WhatsApp and Facebook in Kashmir? Is it possible to bypass them via a VPN?
Which algorithm or library did Facebook use to make their voice calling clear?
Why can’t I like any page on Facebook?
What are some of the cutest Facebook proposals?
How do I set up a Facebook marketing campaign targeting the parents of teens?
Can you save pictures from Facebook to your phone?
How do I recover my password for Facebook with no email, phone or password?
Is there any way we can convince the guys who own Facebook that their Messenger is trash?
How can one make his FB page popular without promotion?
How can I find friends by DOB on Facebook?
How I can make friends from Australia aside from Facebook?
What is the approximate number of daily "likes" and "reactions" exchanged on Facebook?
What was your reason for deactivating Facebook forever?
Why won't my brother friend me on Facebook?
How do I message verified people on Facebook and Twitter?
How can I save my uninstalled Facebook and WhatsApp data from others?
Is it possible to request all Facebook events in a certain area to use on a different website?
What is the best way to increase your Facebook followers without paid advertising (not including usual stuff like hashtags or groups, etc.)?
Why wouldn't ISPs block Facebook without net neutrality?
How can I improve my Facebook page https://www.facebook.com/emailingbirds/?
Do you think running ads on Facebook to drive leads to my virtual hosting affiliate site is likely to work?
Can someone work at Facebook only with freelance experience?
Why does Instagram know my Facebook friends even though the two accounts were never connected?
How can I report a bug to Facebook or Google or any website or app?
What is the process large product organizations go through to prioritize initiatives?
How do I store data in Android when the user is registered with Google/Facebook?
How can I transfer an app through Facebook?
How can I know my forgotten Facebook password without my email and my confirmation code number?
I blocked someone on Facebook after I sent them a message. Will I still know if they read the message I sent?
Did Mark Zuckerberg create the Facebook website alone? How?
How do I invite (add) people to my business page/group on Facebook if I am not connected with them on Facebook?
What is Quora really? I typed a question into Google only to find I had an account here; I am not kidding, my old Facebook profile picture and name were up.
My rapist has sent me a friend request like nothing happened for the 2nd time. What should I do?
How do I set GIF/slideshow as profile pic on Facebook?
How can I talk to Facebook for help?
I told my fiancée we shouldn't be friends on FB. Not for immoral reasons. Is this right thing to request if I need a little space?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a relation to Nate Zuckerberg, a deceased friend of mine, who was the developer of "Zuckerberg's Terminal" in Saddle Brook, NJ?
Could I say that " I'm the upcoming Mark Zuckerberg " to Mark Zuckerberg?
How do I stop overusing Facebook and Instagram? I keep on scrolling through them, even though I need to stop.
Facebook: How do I get auto-likes on a Facebook profile picture?
How do I find the location of a Facebook profile?
Why can I not accept more than 5000 friends on Facebook?
How can I share a post with my friends on Facebook?
How do you delete shared photos on Facebook Messenger?
Is there any FB liker which works?
How can I bring back my brother’s memorialised Facebook page?
Say I run a fidget spinner dropship site. While advertising on Facebook, what should be my target audience?
Are there any Malayalees working at Facebook?
When and what was the reason behind you permanently deleting your Facebook account?
Is there any remote possibility that if you're chatting from your laptop/PC on Facebook that it will show 'sent from mobile'?
What is the difference between instant replies to anyone and the “Show a Messenger Greeting” on Facebook?
Is tourism in China marketed through Facebook?
Is it true that government can monitor our chats like WhatsApp and Facebook or SMS?
How do I survive without using Facebook, Instagram, and/or WhatsApp?
What are the products of Facebook? Why do they keep recruiting when their product is saturated?
How would the Facebook look like and function, if it was found by a Pakistani?
On what basis do Facebook comments appear at the top?
How can I read my husband's FB's secret conversation messages without his knowledge and without any password, and how do I open it in my mobile?
How dou you deal with passive aggressive Facebook posts?
How should I settle my Facebook account?
How famous do I need to be to get my Facebook profile verified?
Is it OK to ask your interviewer at Facebook for feedback?
What are some examples of IT Project Management’s best practices in large companies like Amazon, Facebook, etc.?
Does employee engagement with a company’s Facebook page damage its ability to reach potential customers?
What’s a nice and appropriate comment for a girl's photo on Facebook?
How can I find out when and where a Facebook account was created?
Can I replace a Facebook video without losing the likes?
Can I find out if anyone had unfollowed me on Facebook?
How long does WhatsApp keep deleted photographs on their servers, or does WhatsApp keep deleted media?
How do I find out who my non-friends Facebook followers are?
Is it normal for a couple to constantly flirt with each other and praise each other on Facebook walls when they could do it via a private text?
Are there enough potential users with VR gear for Facebook Spaces or is the project launch premature?
How much money would Google/Facebook/Microsoft give if you hacked them?
What are some Facebook or Google Plus groups and communities where I can promote my spa, which also gives massages?
Are you that one person who sends game requests on Facebook to everyone? Why?
How do you get the purple flower button on Facebook?
How do I become friends with someone I'm Facebook friends with?
When did you realise that Quora is better than Facebook?
Why is Messenger sending invites from me to unknown people?
Do Facebook or Instagram use Firebase?
Should I create a separate account for my company on likedin?
How can I see less news from people and more from pages on Facebook?
I have deleted a recent message on Facebook with a friend but the contact is still on the top of my message log. How can I rearrange?
Could I scrape the profiles of my friends (in an Excel file) on Facebook? If so, how?
Instagram doesn't recognize that my Facebook business page exists. How do I fix this?
How is access suspended to a site in a particular country? For example, how did Turkey block Wikipedia, or how did Egypt block Facebook?
How do I know who has shared a post I posted on my Facebook page?
Can I know someone's Facebook fanpage name through his/her Instagram business account?
Is there an e-commerce platform that is a Facebook app?
Did Tab Ruffin block me on Facebook?
How can I go on my messanger without opening my Facebook account?
How do I get my old Facebook account I deleted back?
Are sites like Facebook actually limiting the whole idea of the web and the internet by monopolizing it?
What if Facebook and Google never existed?
What's the most interesting social media post you've ever seen?
How do I unblock a message from a friend on Facebook after deleting the conversations?
Is it a good idea to get Shutterstock photos for free from Facebook then resell them?
Why did you change your profile picture?
Do celebrities have personal Facebook accounts?
How many customers does Facebook have?
How do I shut a hacker, who manages to get back in even with repeated password changes and increased security, out of my Facebook account?
How do I appeal Facebook blocking outgoing links to my website?
How do you prevent messages on Facebook altogether? I don't have Messenger. My chat is turned off, but it still comes into the inbox. I don't want them.
How is it that I log into Quora with my Facebook credentials, then the next day my profile has been suddenly altered?
How can I block Facebook’s ads review system?
How do I know if someone viewed my profile on Facebook?
Why did Zuckerberg start Facebook?
What are some media marketing prices for various social media sites like Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Pinterest, etc.?
What are some smart ways of purging one's Facebook friends list without coming across as a jackass?
What demographics use social media?
Do questions on Quora such as "what are you wearing right now?” likely indicate the 'Facebook crowd' is infesting Quora?
What should I do when someone is killing my group on Facebook using an admin account?
How do you feel when people don't reply even after seeing your messages on WhatsApp or Facebook?
Which is the best social media site: Facebook or Google+?
Is Facebook using lambda architecture?
What is the best payment method for Facebook ads from Nepal?
What are the things you wished a chat messenger should have?
Why is there no mobile version of the Facebook Friends feed?
How much does a social media agencies charge?
How can I get deleted WhatsApp and Facebook messages through someone's phone?
How can I see the full list of my read books on Facebook?
Why in some Android (M) devices, while video calling on Messenger, isn’t the option of face filters applied through the (* type icon)?
Is there a way to get the Audience Insights from the Facebook pages of my competitors?
Why is Quora quickly becoming like Facebook? Are we Indians responsible for its deterioration in quality?
Facebook unpublished my page because of a false copyright report. Facebook accepted the report was false but will not re-publish my page. What now?
Can I go live on Facebook and Twitter with only my computer, as I have no other devices?
How is Facebook able to not let the technology scanner softwares to detect the technologies it is using?
How can I get my Facebook account back after being banned? I didn't do anything to violate their rules.
Can we get money if we find mistakes in Facebook?
How can I get flower react in Facebook?
How often are the Facebook Pixel events (stats) updated in the Facebook Ads Manager?
Why is there no sound when I shoot a video for my Facebook story?
What is the billing threshold on Facebook, and why do they charge extra?
How can I verify my Facebook account without Gmail or phone number?
How do I find someone with a fake Facebook account and email?
How can I know anyone’s Facebook password?
Does anybody use the autoliker for FB and feel content with it? Why or why not?
How I can check what is trending on Facebook?
When making a new account after my Facebook account was disabled I am logged out and asked for a selfie. Has anyone else experienced this?
Is it possible to make your cellular data look like it's coming from somewhere like Facebook, or receive your data through Facebook?
Why won't Facebook add my images when I share my post?
Has anyone hacked the Facebook website and wrote his own content?
What can I do to counter all the fake Facebook accounts and bots spreading fake news?
Why won't Facebook load?
How I can re-add a contact on Facebook Messenger after removing them?
How do we physically unsubscribe to all of Facebook, like forever?
Why do people still use Facebook? Why don't they try Masspal?
Why can't I connect my Facebook account to Twitter?
Would it be better for a website that promotes local events to have one Facebook page for each city or a single page for the entire business?
Is it possible to see time stamp on Messenger of someone I unfriended?
Am I able to merge two of my Facebook pages even if my account is temporarily blocked?
Can someone hack my Android phone if they know my Facebook ID?
Can someone know if I save any of their Facebook photos on my phone?
How do you remove the block list on Facebook? I don't want to unblock the users, I just don't want to see them on the list and on Facebook.
Is it fine that I'm not checking my boyfriend's Facebook and WhatsApp?
What is the meaning of :D :V in Facebook?
Will Snapchat sustain with competition from Facebook?
How do I unsubscribe from Quora via Facebook?
Would Facebook allow a PM to work from home 1-2 days a week?
How can I remove a green dot from Facebook?
Has anyone analysed the political leanings of Facebook users?
Why am I getting phished out of my Facebook account?
How do I delete messages from Facebook forever?
What is the site that allows you to know everything you share on Facebook and generates links from our profile URL?
What are other pastimes, apart from Facebook and obviously Quora, which is on the top of my list?
How do I get rid of boost post messages on Facebook pages?
How can I see the timeline of the person who blocked me on Facebook?
How does Facebook’s people suggestions work?
How can Facebook ruin good friendships?
How can I turn on the chat notification in Google Chrome while using Facebook?
Does Netflix sell your viewing data to Facebook and Instagram?
Can you get the phone number of a friend just by using the Messenger info?
How does Facebook keep track of which people have seen a post in a group?
How do I know if someone is stalking me on but anyway other than appearing in the people you may know list caus I've deleted him accidentally?
There are so many ads on Facebook. How can I get them all to stop harassing my life?
What if my wife has made a fake Facebook account to stalk someone?
What is the ad budget for Facebook?
Are there any websites where you can find some nice Facebook contest materials and ideas?
How do I login into Instagram if there is some suspicious activity on your account, you forgot your recovery email password, and Facebook doesn't work?
Can I send Facebook a photo ID to recover my Facebook account?
How do I find potential customers (for x) based on their Facebook activity?
How do you see your friend's location on Messenger with the red dot?
All of my Facebook friends are unfriending me. Why is this happening?
How do I find friends on Facebook by interest?
How do I share a Laravel 5 blog post (custom title, image, URL, and summary) on Facebook?
If a fake Facebook account has been created, what should I do?
Can we track a person's Facebook profile by copying their Facebook profile link?
What is best way to earn money with Facebook?
How can I use Facebook to make my app popular?
Facebook disabled my account. Will other users be able to see it during the verification period?
“I see the world in terms of what I would like to see happen, not what actually does.” page number in book?
How do I find a cell number on Messenger?
How can I delete a profile from Aisle?
What do you think of Facebook's improved Marketplace?
Why have my Facebook page's net likes dropped so suddenly after I stopped using ads?
How can I get my chat back after I deleted it from my Facebook messenger?
Why do some people purposely not use social media websites and applications like Facebook?
Is there any way by which I can know the person who searched me on Facebook?
If I write something of my own on Facebook (which I intend to use one day in a book), is anybody else who reads it allowed to use it?
If someone shares a post of mine on Facebook, should I give a like to that share?
How can I like many people on Facebook automatically?
Why does Facebook change my white image border to off-white/yellow?
How do I see if I'm on a person’s WhatsApp on Facebook?
When did Google, Microsoft, and Facebook get serious about machine learning?
Is there anyone selling Facebook verified pages?
How can a 2nd-year college dropout get a good job at YouTube, Facebook or Google, with only Ruby as a primary language?
If you could redesign the Facebook logo, how would it look like?
If Facebook is a building, is it one of the most complicated buildings in the world?
Why do some messages on Facebook show the seen notification after a day when the seen time was yesterday when I sent it?
Why can people that I am not friends with on FB see what I say to my real FB friends?
What can be a solution to the fake accounts on Facebook?
On Facebook, can hidden friends still show up as "people you know?"
How do you input a devil smiley on Facebook?
If Pokémon trainers had social media (for simplicity, let's say Twitter or Facebook), what would they post?
How do I target baby products on Facebook ads?
How do websites like MensXP open so fast when clicked from their Facebook page?
Why is my Facebook account temporarily blocked?
What is the best text message you have ever sent/received?
What is the minimum sign on bonus for an average engineer joining Facebook?
On Facebook, how similar do page names have to be to merge pages?
Do Facebook and WhatsApp use AWS for their data backup?
Why is it best to use old pictures for our profile image?
Does Facebook have a contingency plan if its “Thumbs up” icon offends users in Bangladesh, Iran, and/or Thaïland and creates a backlash?
How do I control who can see comments made on my Facebook posts?
How do I delete a person off of Messenger?
Is it better to work as an analyst at Facebook or Amazon? What's the strongest brand in the CV?
How do I see other people’s messages on Facebook Messenger?
What can I announce on Facebook to let my friends and family know that I’m a real estate agent and would like them to hire me?
Is it possible to get someone else's messages from Facebook Messenger?
How do I add my Instagram to my FB profile?
How do I get a job at Facebook as a client solution manager in NYC?
How do I optimize my ad’s viewability?
Why do big, well-known companies like Google and Facebook still need to do marketing?
How can I get the purple flower reaction on Facebook, if I’m from the Middle East?
How can I create a credential to go next to my profile name on my profile page?
I have created my own social networking app and how do I monetize it with sponsored ads like Facebook has other than using Google's AdSense?
What caused the failure of Orkut and the success of Facebook?
What’s the best Facebook video you've seen lately?
How come Facebook is syncing my contacts?
How can I get 1,000 Facebook likes for my page?
Is it good to ask for your girlfriend’s Facebook account?
Facebook takes a lot of space. How is it possible to remove your Facebook content off a device?
What is the difference between optimizing for a 1-day click and a 7-day click in Facebook?
Why can't I access Facebook for Messenger apps while in Messenger since the newest update?
What is the purpose of degrees (from school, college, university and society) and education?
How can you make money from adverts on your Facebook?
Why won't my Messenger app work on Facebook?
Why did my Facebook Dynamic Ads Campaign stop being delivered?
Why did Facebook need permission from the EU Antitrust Commission before acquiring WhatsApp (since both companies HQs are in the US)?
How do you unlike something that you accidentally liked on Facebook?
If I change my relationship status on Facebook from into a relationship to single, will it notify the other person?
When someone mutes a conversation what does the other person see on Messenger?
Why won't Facebook let me upload a profile video?
Facebook shows "Your account is not eligible for this process". How do I get this problem solved?
Why is my Facebook message stuck on sent?
What does Facebook do for improving performance and tuning?
How is the war between Snapchat and Facebook going to end?
I'm planning to quit Facebook, what are the good and bad consequences that will follow?
What app or tool can I use to get likes on my Facebook page or followers in my Instagram?
Why can’t other websites like Facebook be made?
How can I place ads on TrueCaller through Facebook?
How can one generate leads for art products through Instagram and Facebook?
Where can I find open source code for common features in web apps, such as Facebook likes, adding friends, etc.?
How do I get off of someone’s Facebook page?
How come I cannot friend request someone on Facebook?
How can I make money from Amazon by promoting its product on a Facebook page without a website?
What are the best Facebook groups by subject?
Any tool to know your competitor’s spending behaviour on Facebook ads?
How can I stop people from being able to post photos in the comments of my photos or posts on my Facebook profile page?
How can I create the next big company like Facebook, Google, Apple, with a social purpose without having adequate technical skills?
If I want someone to see 'Facebook User' in place of my name in their message history, what should I do?
Does Facebook have VIP accounts?
In Facebook ads, when you run a re-targeting campaign and a normal campaign, and a user sees both, how do you know to which your attribution goes?
Is FaceBook a web application​ or not?
Why can't I post anything on Facebook?
What should be my targeted audience (for FB Ads) for a Bollywood News website?
How is the "People You May Know" feature useful for companies like Facebook and LinkedIn? How does it bring additional revenue to those companies?
Is there a way to increase Facebook page likes or Twitter followers?
Is there any Facebook page liker that doesn't use an access token?
What is the reason behind the face filter app on Facebook? Why integrate a feature that already exists on Snapchat?
How can I send a messenger invite if I'm blocked from FB?
Why is Facebook so strict? Even if you didn’t post nude pictures, you get blocked. So unfair!
Why is WhatsApp down right now (May 4, IST)?
How do I stop Facebook videos from sticking to the left side when I scroll down?
How can I recover my Facebook account?
Which is safer for my site, Facebook login API or my own code for login/signup?
What is the best paying URL shortener service that accepts Facebook postings?
What is the temporary profile picture of Facebook?
Can I integrate Facebook to run adverts on my social network website? If yes, how?
In Facebook advertising, how do you report numbers to clients?
Does Facebook/Instagram use image recognition to enrich Audience Insights and target settings on Facebook Ads Manager?
What does the medical community think about the “The truth about cancer" videos that surface twice yearly on Facebook?
Are customers more likely to purchase a product after seeing it on Facebook or Instagram?
Why is Facebook's moderation so inconsistent?
How much does Facebook earn from its users' data?
Is WhatsApp more secure than Facebook?
Is Facebook's GraphQL API generated automatically?
What are some ways to find people on Facebook?
How long will it take to get hired by the Big 4 (Facebook, Google, Amazon, and Microsoft) from scratch?
How do I get Graph API Facebook post insights from last month?
What is a Facebook pixel?
Why was WhatsApp valuable enough for Facebook to buy it?
What are some great Facebook banner or cover photo templates?
What experiments are run at companies like Quora, Google, Facebook, etc. to implement new product features?
How do I transfer my contacts from Lumia 520 to my Facebook account, or Microsoft account?
What time is good to spam Facebook for my app?
How many people use Facebook Messenger without a Facebook account?
Which app is used to make pamphlets or photos to post on Facebook or social media?
How can I send a request to a person if Facebook keep on showing 'send request to person you know only'?
How do I get my mom's Facebook account unfrozen?
Does Facebook Password Sniper work?
What happens if I change the text of a private event on Facebook? Does everyone invited see the change?
How can I promote my page on Facebook without being charged?
How do I disable likes and comments on Facebook cover photo?
How do I retrieve my Facebook friend list?
What is your most efficient Facebook ad?
Did Facebook abuse the word "friends"?
Why the hell I have to enter Facebook every time to reach or make a question? Isn't once just enough?
On my friend’s friend list, the number of friend’s is 90, but I can only see my profile. Restricted mode would not give a number. Why?
In Swift, how can I match two users randomly who have logged onto my app through Facebook?
How can I best use Facebook ads to market my art?
How can one increase their number of Facebook likes?
Why did Mark Zuckerberg choose PHP to make Facebook?
How do you avoid the feeling of uselessness when spending too much time on Facebook?
Can I get money from a Facebook page?
What is someone doing when Messenger shows “active now”?
Is it good to provide prices when selling items on Facebook or not?
How can Facebook Live improve to prevent shocking live streams?
How do I increase the number of visitors and followers of my new Facebook pages, in order to achieve success?
How do reactivate my account with 1freehosting?
Can we find out how long a particular person has been a part of a Facebook group even if he or she is not on your friends list?
Why does Facebook and other websites remember old passwords?
Can nickname-based, open chat rooms have the same virality as real-world relationships based social networks like Facebook?
I have an author page at Amit Ahlawat. I keep my audience updated on it, however the page shows very low levels of audience engagement. How can I improve?
How do we grow our first 10K subscribers in YouTube, Facebook page, and Twitter effectively?
How can you find a Facebook friend by using his or her ID number?
Why doesn't Twitter implement "Live Video" feature like Facebook?
Can you trust the website emailsupport-Australia.com to provide assistance with Facebook etc.?
Is there a way I can rank people I am not friends with on Facebook by how many of my "good friends" they are friends with by using API?
If I do not log out from FB then will I remain online always to other people?
How are the file and folder structures at Facebook and Google?
What are the top 100 Facebook pages?
The Facebook social login API was having issues earlier. Is the social login for Facebook and/or Google working now for e-commerce sites?
How can you make a wink symbol on Facebook?
Which service is a part of Google, Facebook, YouTube or Twitter?
What is next after Google, Facebook and Amazon?
Is it possible to increase fake likes for a Facebook post?
Do people get promoted easily at Facebook? On average, how long does it take to move from one career level to the next?
How can you trace a Facebook hack?
How can I find out if my boyfriend is having secret conversations on Messenger, using his login information?
What kind of information can I get from a Facebook user’s friends?
Why is Quora making me use my personal Facebook account. Why can't I use my business page?
Is there a football Facebook page or Android app that informs you of completed transfers?
Why doesn’t Mark Zuckerberg write on Quora?
What is the good post for Facebook?
How large an audience should I use when running test ads on Facebook?
Does Facebook really give money to these people?
How can I find out my friend’s Facebook password without her knowing?
Is it possible to log in to Messenger Lite without a Facebook account?
Does my Instagram activity show up on Facebook?
Why doesn't Facebook Messenger send email notifications anymore?
If I re-upload a video on Facebook and tag the source, would that consider as a copyright issue?
How can I copy my FB page link?
Will a green dot appear next to a friend’s name if they aren't active on Messenger?
Do narcissts see their friends as "friends" or as competitors?
Should I send a friend request to my former teacher on Facebook?
Is there anyone who can share the names of big bloggers who specialize in Facebook marketing and Facebook ads in the U.S.?
Why can't I post a profile picture and a cover picture on my business page? Even when I hover over the images, it doesn't give me an option to upload.
What is the benchmark for Facebook and Instagram engagement for 2016?
Can someone who has access to my Facebook password and telephone number check my account?
Facebook page boost amount?
What's next after Facebook and twitter?
Are my Facebook friends able to see my Facebook pages?
What does a gray dot next to a friend’s name on Messenger mean?
What will happen if you like every single post on your Facebook feed every single day?
If you could show just one page of your daily diary from your entire life to your love, which page would it be?
Why do you have to wait 48 hours to unblock someone on Facebook?
What kind of FB page shall I make?
How can I log into my Gmail account that’s associated with my Facebook account?
When you upload an email list on the "suggest page" option on a Facebook page, do the contacts get a notification to view the page?
Why do people on Facebook hate Twilight and Justin Bieber so much?
In which platform were apps like Facebook, Snapchat, and WhatsApp made? I want to make a million dollar app and my idea is also new. Can I do that?
I want to be able to autopublish on Twitter and Instagram when I post on Facebook. Is there a way?
Are some girls who are tired of FB and Instagram, now using Quora just to share their pictures? They can skip those stupid questions but they don't. Why?
In which cases would you recommend Twitter ads VS Facebook ads?
What is the use of living?
How do I find out the email address associated with a Facebook account?
Why do companies like Facebook need and have so many workers?
What tools do you use to measure online interactions (on Facebook groups for instance)?
How do I set a manual daily budget in Facebook Ad Manager?
Why can’t I see the number of likes on a comment on Facebook?
How can I Download Video from Facebook to iPhone?
How can one make sure that his/her comments are only visible to the initiator of the post?
Does a delivered message on Messenger mean that it's been read if you click on it and you only see icons with faces?
How should I stop people from posting unflattering pictures of me on Facebook?
How do you use Adwords to promote a Facebook group?
How do I login to my Facebook account if I have lost access to the phone number to which the two factor authentication code will be sent?
What would have happened if you would have founded Facebook and not Wikipedia?
Is there any app on Android to change the voice on a Facebook messenger call?
How can someone make from Facebook?
Can I send an application using Facebook Messenger?
Has anyone made a friendship on Facebook and eventually gotten laid sooner in Mumbai?
How can Facebook be harmful while studying?
How can I apply an “I Love Mom” filter picture on Facebook?
How do I make YouTube views increase with Facebook?
Why is Facebook all of a sudden filled with video's is it losing its charm?
How can I make 5000 Facebook friends in an instant?
How can I stream a pre-recorded video via Android Facebook live?
Why is Facebook not showing me how long my friend has not been active?
Is there anyone who can help teach me English for free, just on WhatsApp or Facebook?
How do I earn via Facebook and Instagram pages?
I'm an admin on a Facebook page. How do I "like" a comment on my page posts as that page?
Is it safe to link Facebook with instaGC?
Can I add her on Facebook without asking?
How can I change my connection to Quora from a Facebook account to a Google account?
How do we get Facebook Ads insights with an hourly breakdown?
How do I view the older Facebook settings?
I know how to remove a trending topic on Facebook, but how do I get it back?
Do you think Google and Facebook have to take responsibility for Fake News?
Why does the Messenger icon show blue even when it says the person is unavailable for calling?
Is it possible to retrieve Facebook “secret conversations” encrypted messages from a person’s own mobile after deleting them?
How can someone get fast likes on Facebook?
What are some of the epic FB posts?
Does Facebook have a special appeal to women?
What social activities are most likely to reduce your IQ?
How can I contact Facebook or YouTube for a business offer? Is it possible at all for a startup? Thanks ahead.
How can I collect posts from public Facebook pages related to a specific topic?
Is Quora better than Facebook for sharing knowledge?
Is it possible to hide "active k minutes ago" on Facebook Messenger?
Does Messenger tell you if your message request to a non-Facebook friend has been ignored? Answer with proper English, not fresh from Albania.
Social networks such as Facebook use profiles to store information about their users. How do I create a simple database to store these user's profiles?
Does Facebook use Node.js at all?
What if India bans Facebook, LinkedIn, Google and Quora?
How can you play Bubble Safari on Facebook?
What audience interest should I use to get my plus-size boutique seen by plus-size women on Facebook?
What would happen if someone tag a person on a video I shared only with selected people on Facebook?
How do I get Facebook to take down my father's fake profile on Facebook? It was created by somebody else, and we are unable to get the password.
Why are my Facebook page posts not going to Twitter?
My ex hasn't deleted our pics from her Facebook, however she gets mad if I remove them from mine. What does this mean?
What can I do about a fake Facebook account?
What is the best way to target the public that is interested in an e-commerce site through Facebook ads?
How do I verify celebrity Facebook accounts?
How do I curb my Facebook addiction?
Is Facebook going to make Facebook Marketplace a standalone app?
Would you like to delete your Facebook account before your death?
How do websites like Quora or Facebook handle so much user requests?
If I bought one share of Facebook, would that share involve interest or are there different types of shares that can be invested in?
What do you do when you get bored and don’t want to wast your time on Facebook, Instagram, Quora, etc.?
What are some funny comparisons between Quora and Facebook?
How do I do link-building when I am doing business via Facebook?
How can I get a huge amount of website traffic from Facebook?
Can somebody read my Facebook messenger posts?
Should Facebook, Google and others be banned?
Why are my Facebook friends still friends with my abuser?
How many likes do I have to have on Facebook to make money?
How can I reach Jared Morgenstern?
Can I get million likes on my Facebook page?
How do I post old photos to Facebook and Instagram stories?
Is it possible to fetch other users data from Tumblr using R?
Why is Facebook not attacking and cloning musical.ly like Snapchat in the US?
What does the ‘now’ mean under the person’s name in the Facebook messenger?
How do I get inorganic likes on Facebook?
Does Facebook have new rules about posting links to pages?
Is your Facebook cover image mobile friendly?
How sustainable is Facebook's business model?
What is the most trending technology common in Google, Facebook, Microsoft, etc.?
How do I allow applications local admin rights using a group policy without giving user admin rights to the whole machine?
Apparently, Facebook can't stand the sight of Snapchat. Why aren't their (failing) cloning efforts frowned upon? It almost seems like Facebook is being saluted.
How can I recover my old Facebook account without Gmail or mobile number and forgotten my password?
Can anyone post pictures of me on social media without my consent?
How do you deal with a fake and envious friend? You just hate seeing their Facebook posts. Is blocking or unfriending​ a great idea?
What would happen to all of the accounts of Facebook users in the current generation after, say, 60 years after all of us would have passed away?
What is Facebook Pixel, conversions and micro conversions?
How do I recover my Facebook password with the normal procedure since I lost the SIM card of telephone?
What will happen if I stop using social apps like WhatsApp, Facebook, Messenger, etc.?
How can I find someone on Facebook from 8 Ball Pool?
How do I link the birth dates of my friends on Facebook to my iPhone?
How can I delete messages I sent to someone on Facebook in both conversations?
Is there any software or process to increase likes on a Facebook post?
How common is it for people to fall in love with someone after reading their entire Facebook Timeline?
How do I advertise on Instagram and Facebook simultaneously when the accounts are already linked?
Can you share your picture here? Do you use another social networking sites like Instagram, Facebook, etc?
Can I trace my laptop without knowing its Mac address, by using the Wi-Fi previous record, an email sent from that, or a Facebook account?
What are the Indian (indigenous) options of Facebook, WhatsApp, Quora, Google in India, as the Chinese already have developed their own?
Why don’t Facebook Messenger and WhatsApp use WebSocket?
How does Facebook choose who shows up in the chat sidebar? What does the green light mean?
How much do photo sharing apps like Instagram, Snapchat, Facebook compress images?
If a famous person lets you send them a PM on Facebook, does that mean that they like you?
What would you do if your invisible friend vanished?
What is your opinion of Facebook addiction among Indians?
Who did Tenisha Jackson chat with the most on Facebook?
What is the revenue model for Facebook games?
What is the perfect budget strategy for Facebook ads if I'm doing dropshipping?
Is there any tutorial on how to monetize my 100k organic followers on a Facebook page with my blog?
What are some good chat sites like Facebook?
Can I link more than one Facebook account to one Instagram account?
How can I automatically mass invite people who like my posts to like my Facebook page?
Why was the Note feature in Facebook scrapped?
Is it legal to share other people's public shared Facebook pictures on my Facebook page?
How do I get a job with Google or Facebook if I am from India?
Is there any plugin to video block from Facebook apart from its default settings?
What does it mean on Facebook Messenger when the status says active a minute or x minutes ago but the green icon is off?
What are the monthly incomes of the owners of Facebook and Google?
Wouldn't Facebook have strong advantages if they entered into competition against Uber, Thankeyou and Airbnb?
What are the details of advertising on Facebook?
What are other sites you can start a group on besides Facebook?
How can I advertise my Facebook page free of cost on Facebook?
How can (and should) I tell my friend to stop oversharing on Facebook?
Is it also possible to create Facebook ads for Australia being located in Germany?
Why does Facebook keep asking for documents, when I already submitted documents 2 times?
How can I know the true identity of a person on Facebook?
How can I disable Facebook's appointment feature?
Which are the most interesting closed groups on Facebook concerning productivity and self-improvement?
Can we find the amount of sales that are generated every day in the advert manager on Facebook?
Can you stop a user from knowing that you checked his or her profile on Badoo?
Is Sanjeev Bhatt’s Facebook account fake?
What is the future of messaging apps in providing customer service (WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, vChat)?
What are the latest Facebook video marketing techniques?
Does Facebook keep a permanent record of their user's entire Activity Log, even once the users delete their activity/search history?
People are using Twitter and Facebook where their freedom of expression has been removed and people are stacked in little groups with the same opinions. Why?
How can I close my Facebook account?
Is it possible to create a plugin for Facebook that automatically modifies the call-to-action button (e.g. Shop Now) on someone else’s Facebook page?
I cursed a girl I know out on Facebook Messenger. She didn't reply, but she didn't delete me or unfriend me. What does this mean?
Why don’t the top programmers and engineers working at Facebook and Google make their own app or something new so that they can replace these companies?
What is the highest number of shares any of your Facebook posts has ever achieved?
Can I translate any article at any website and publish it on my website or Facebook ?
How do I block Facebook and LinkedIn notifications in Gmail?
People seem friendlier on Instagram than on Facebook. What role does UI design play in that?
A friend of mine on Facebook recently added 4 people but I can only see 3, is there a way to find out who this is?
Why did Facebook change the UI for changing profile pictures?
How do I remove a bad photo of myself from Facebook that someone else posted?
How many friends do you have on Facebook and how many of them are your close friends?
Whether they speak about spirituality, entrepreneurship, health or investing, who are your favorite people to follow on Facebook?
If Facebook, Snapchat, or one of the other big social media websites went out of business, what would happen to all of the data they've collected?
Can I see who is visiting my FB page?
How do I prevent my Facebook fan page from being unpublished?
She always responds to my WhatsApp messages, but not to my Facebook messages. She is always online on Facebook. Should I leave her?
What needs to be done to keep Quora from being hijacked by political vested interests like Facebook?
Where can I buy sparklers (fireworks) online in India with COD facility (could be any site, Facebook page, Instagram account, etc.)?
What would you do to a friend on Facebook who's ​been talking bad about you behind your back and being envious? Block him, or leave him in your friends list?
How do I remove the annoying bar of Direct/Your Story from showing up at the top of my news feed on Facebook?
Why can't I see all persons who reacted to my FB photo?
What policies/restrictions exist around paying people to post to their Facebook, Instagram and Twitter timelines?
What offerings does Facebook have for real estate agents to advertise? How effective is it?
Where can I find someone to help me get my hacked Facebook ID back? I don’t even know the email.
Is there any way to get a wider newsfeed on mbasic.facebook.com?
Can I use my Quora address on Facebook?
Will blocking someone's phone block them through Facebook?
What if you are in love with your Facebook friend?
How do I recover deleted Facebook photos?
How can I get data from a Facebook individual’s profile?
Why is it that a man thinks it's ok to have photos and videos open on all sites and thinks he needs over a thousand friends on Facebook?
How can Quora be useful in JEE preparations with creating an extreme contrast to Facebook?
Is there any way to detect visitors viewing our Facebook profiles?
How do I use Facebook app without risking my privacy?
How am I able to change the event photo on Facebook?
Suppose xyz is a social networking site that will replace Facebook. What features will you expect from xyz?
Is there any automated way to reply on Facebook comments?
What if Facebook suddenly disappears?
Is replying on Twitter like commenting on a post on Facebook? If so, is it publicly posted?
How can I find Personal Ads on Facebook?
Facebook updates its Android and iOS application without an update from the App Store or Play Store. How is this possible? Is it a hybrid-using web?
Why is everyone so obsessed with Mark Zuckerberg?
A family member sent me a friend request on Facebook, should I add them?
How do I target a Facebook ad for selling LulaRoe?
What would've been better for Snapchat's founders, an IPO or taking the $ 3 billion dollar offer from Facebook?
People usually comment score when I become friends with someone on Facebook, what does their comment actually mean?
My Facebook profile isn't going public even though my settings are all set to everyone. Is there a way to force it to go public?
How can I fix a problem creating events on a Facebook business page?
Why I cannot send a second friend request to someone in Facebook?
How can I stop the frequent blocking of my Facebook account?
How much money does Facebook take away from India?
How can I share my responses without seeing other replies?
How do I stop friends from seeing my comments/likes on other pages?
What is your opinion about Ravindra Babu Ravula going live on Facebook and discussing with students on general matters?
Should I start up a sales website or do I create a Facebook page and sell the product there, mainly to save cost?
How can I add a link to my "Send to Mobile" button in Gameroom?
How do I make the Facebook comment box display on Blogger mobile view?
Where can I post my Facebook page so that everyone can see it and like it?
How does someone react when their Facebook account is hacked?
How can I retrieve a deactivated account of an old friend who I want to get in touch with?
How do you hide your feed from other people on Instagram?
How do online portals like Amazon and Facebook get people's money in their pockets technically?
Why doesn't Facebook Messenger say the dates of when someone reads your messages?
How come a comment notification appears in your email and YouTube notifications box but doesn’t appear in the comments section of a video?
How do I update my profile picture and name on messenger?
How do you get a job in Facebook Engineering?
Do you have to have Facebook to use Messenger?
How do I find someone's Facebook account using a picture?
How can I know about Facebook audience targeting?
How do I make a social networking site like Facebook without sufficient knowledge of software?
Is there anyway to bypass users on my app needing to click "send invite" to a friend on Facebook?
How much time does Facebook take in reviewing an additional document?
Is there a way to see all of my Facebook actions since day 1?
How much money should I invest per day in Facebook ads to promote a product if I'm doing dropshipping?
Is it possible to get a notification when someone activates their account on Facebook?
What does it mean if my Messenger message was sent but not delivered?
What Facebook groups is the best for business owners?
If I confirm a relationship request on Facebook, will it show on everyone's feed?
I created a Facebook account when I was 11 years old, but now I'm 15 years old. Would it be a good idea to change the year I was born from 1992 to 2002?
Does Facebook scan peoples brains?
Can we read someone's Facebook messages?
How can I make a Facebook survey?
My Facebook ID security check code was sent to my old phone number, and it won't let me select a different one. How do I change it?
Can I send messages to more than one person at a time on Facebook? What happens when I do so?
Can I view all of a specific Tumblr account’s posts, comments, replies, and likes?
How can I send more than 500 people an event invite on Facebook?
Does Facebook always know if a person is parent or it can miss a good percent of times - asking this from Facebook advertising perspective?
How often is the code refactored at Facebook/WhatsApp/Instagram?
I sent my teacher a Facebook friend request and she hasn't accepted it or rejected it. What does this mean?
Is Quora becoming the next Facebook, where people do stupid things?
What kinds of apps and software do Facebook and Microsoft buy?
Is there a way to automatically remove all tags of someone on my Facebook page? I have deleted all 'couple' photos of my ex and I don’t need to block.
How do you know if you have posted an inappropriate status to Facebook?
Does Facebook measure the reading time on a location of a feed?
Is Quora's 'upvote' an equivalent to Facebook's 'like '?
Is Quora addictive like Facebook and other social sites?
How's Instagram different from Facebook if it just enables us to upload photos and videos what we can always do on Facebook?
Is Facebook’s marketing unreliable?
Do you prefer your friends on Facebook share photos or short videos of their vacations?
How can I get notifications about a person of what he posts or what his friends post on his timeline who is not in my friend list in Facebook?
What does it mean if you added a person on Messenger?
How do I make a page on Facebook where I can sell handicrafts?
Why do some people replace “a” with “v” in Facebook posts and Messenger conversations ?
Is there a way of viewing content from a Facebook group without a Facebook account (such as a shareable link like on Google)?
Are ads available on Facebook Free Basics?
How much do we need to spend on Facebook or Instagram advertising (hypothetical number)?
How can I see when I was last logged in on my PicsArt account?
Do you know of any social network that uses common interests and algorithms to suggest friends, instead of being based on common friends?
Each time you message a non-friend on Facebook Messenger, do they have to accept your request for each message you send?
How do I check which Facebook friend requests I've declined?
What would Facebook look like if it didn't depend on our confirmation bias?
How do I find the email ID of an unknown Facebook user?
How can I return to my old Facebook password after changing it?
How can I see who looked at my Facebook profile?
What is the best way to market a Facebook shop and extend its reach?
Why doesn't Facebook buy Snapchat?
What is Facebook magazine? What is the way to build a Facebook magazine using digital marketing services?
Why does it beep before it rings when I call someone on Messenger?
Why do people on Quora blame social networking sites like Facebook, WhatsApp, etc.?
How is it to be at Facebook, Google, Microsoft, or Apple as an intern?
What's the realest thing someone has ever said to you?
How do I get more visitors to my blog from social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.?
Which has more impact on daily life: Facebook or Quora?
What happens if Facebook asks for my ID proof, and I never give it to them?
What does the flower smiley in Facebook denote?
What will you miss if you don't open Facebook and Instagram for a year?
How do I invite someone to Messenger who is not on Facebook?
What's the difference between Facebook and YouTube in terms of their ad releasing strategy?
What reason is there for someone disappearing from my “people you may know” list on Facebook after a period of time? I didn’t remove him.
How can one figure out the true identity of a person on Facebook?
Is there any way that I can see a list of people on Quora, like those on Facebook?
What’s the website where you can put your Facebook ID URL and it automatically generates all the links to show what you’ve shared publicly?
Is it possible for a startup to catch up to Google/Facebook in AI?
How can I change my profile pic on Messenger now that I have removed Facebook?
How can I get that blue tick on my official fb page?
I accidentally pressed the ‘limit old posts’ feature on Facebook and I want to get rid of that. Is there any option available?
Why doesn't Facebook or Google provide free Internet to poor people?
Which strategies can be used to make people like a brand's Facebook page during an event organized by that brand?
Which is the best website to buy Facebook Likes cheap?
How do I read back a comment from a page if the owner deleted my comment on Facebook?
Is it liberating to run a Facebook account with no friends, letting anyone comment on your public posts?
How do you get un-shadowbanned from Instagram?
What is the meaning of the Facebook reaction having a purple flower?
Will you feel jealous if your boyfriend gives love reacts on Facebook to photos of other women?
Its is safe to convert my personal Facebook account in to a business page?
How can I recover a Facebook account if I have forgotten my password as well as the email address and the phone number linked to it?
How many people are using the Facebook Stories feature?
How much should I charge a month to manage an Instagram and Facebook for a car dealership? I will report analytics, create original content, and run sponsored ads on both platforms.
How can I be successful with my Facebook art page without spending too much time and money?
Roman Saini's Facebook page is not yet a verified account by Facebook. Why?
A friend posted to my timeline. Can I see the audience they selected?
Why do certain websites like Poshmark or Facebook have continuous feed pages? I don't like continuous feeds and I will not go to any site that does it.
How can I access Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and all the other blocked sites in China?
How can I hack someone by sending a message through Facebook?
Why can't Quora ever surpass FB or WhatsApp in popularity?
How do I bring down Facebook ads cost?
Is the Facebook automation tool www.fbmarketingautomation.com any good?
During Facebook’s startup, did Mark Zuckerberg write all the code in one language, or did he know most of the languages at that time which are being used, today?
Can you use replies from your Facebook posts in a printed media without any intellectual property issues?
Can anybody help? My Facebook account was hacked.
How can I change my Facebook relationship status without notifying everyone?
How can one apply data science to Facebook ads?
How did Zuckerberg made money after making Facebook?
Shouldn't we consider Google, Facebook, Amazon, and other big companies as monopolies, and slash them?
Is there a way to find abandoned Facebook pages?
How can I log into my Facebook account without a password? It is linked to my Yahoo ID which I can no longer access?
How do I write a farewell message for college, which I would like to post on Facebook? The message should not be too emotional and a little funny.
Do they have Facebook in North Korea? Because sometimes when I go to Facebook live map, I find some 1 or 2 lives broadcasting from there.
How can I find a contact number on Messenger?
How can I share a Facebook post to Twitter?
What should I write in an open letter to Fb Sister?
On Facebook, does a friend's post suddenly appearing on your feed (when it usually doesn't) mean that they've been looking at your content?
What are the best social media platforms for insurance?
Should I promote my YouTube channel or Facebook page (related to my business) first, or enrich the page/channel content first, then start to promote?
What's the weirdest thing you've seen on your Facebook feed?
How I can check who has shared my photo post on Facebook?
What type of post (picture, link, event, mention, shares, etc.) on your Facebook business page do you find receives the most engagement with your target audience?
Can you get old Facebook messenger messages recovered somehow?
Why is my deactivated Facebook account still visible to the public and on my old friends’ 'friends lists'?
Which is the best platform/CMS for creating a social network website just like Facebook?
How can I edit my cover photo on Facebook?
What are some of the best meme pages in Facebook and Instagram?
Why are people still on Facebook?
Why does Facebook offer its 'Year in Review' and 'Look Back' videos?
Why is my deactivated account still visible in my old Friends lists?
How I can log in Facebook without log in approval?
Facebook is showing me advertisements for items I searched on Amazon. How is Facebook doing this?
How do I add to the Book section at the left side of my Facebook profile page?
How do I know who view my photos on Facebook?
Is it possible for the time/date of a message (not a stat) on Facebook to bed falsified (i.e., made earlier)?
Who is the person(s) or company behind the Tasty cooking videos you often see on Facebook?
If you decline a message request on Facebook Messenger, can that person send you another message request?
How can I retrieve all my chats that I have deleted from Facebook?
Who according to you is the most unbiased and intelligent Facebook page admin?
How do I get a Facebook notification of non-friend people?
How do I know if people have checked my FB profile?
Which is the best work app to work with my team: Facebook Workplace or Slack?
My custom show\hide button defaults to show on page refresh, how do I stop that?
Why does Facebook tell me that I have 4 new views when I cannot even see who viewed my profile and what do I do with these notifications?
How do you hide what pictures you liked when someone searches for them on Facebook?
How can I know if a post of a Facebook page is an ad or not?
How do I see the profile picture of my friend who has blocked me?
Is there a way to permanently delete the Messenger app and message through Facebook only?
How do I block someone I am already blocked from on Facebook?
Can I log into Facebook using Instagram?
There’s a Facebook name that I need for my page, but someone already has it. Their page was last used in 2010. Is there a way I can get that username?
People say there are many flaws in Facebook. They are saying you can get thousands of followers just like a celebrity in a few days. Is this true?
How can I add all my friends to my closed face-book group without getting blocked?
How do I switch from privacy to public on a Facebook app?
What are the disadvantages of making Facebook account?
Who handles Prabhas' Facebook account?
Is it okay to copy an article from Quora to Facebook?
How do people make money through Facebook pages under the entertainment category?
Is it possible to run a JavaScript code snippet on my Facebook profile to check if someone's snooping?
Can I view my messages on Messenger.com if I have subscribed with my phone number (without a Facebook account)?
Which are the informative apps that I can use instead of wasting my time on FB, Insta or WhatsApp?
Will big companies like Facebook, Google and Rockstar accept me as a programmer without degree?
What are the names of websites to be used instead of wasting my time on Facebook?
What attribution tools give you insights into your Google and Facebook campaigns beyond what the platforms do by themselves?
How do I upload a video to make it autoplay in my Facebook timeline and Facebook page?
Does the Facebook app save your history?
Why does Facebook update its APK every other day?
What should I write on my Facebook wall to tell people that I am leaving Pune due to a transfer?
What are the ways to get a Facebook friend's (a girl) phone number?
Can you track someone's IP from a comment he posted on Facebook?
How much would you have to spend to boost a post on FB to 1 million people?
Which font did Facebook use for their F8 2017 keynote?
What are the preferences for group posts?
How do you find videos on Facebook?
How do I get someone’s contact info on Messenger?
What is the right Facebook experience for your age?
Why don’t my social apps, Facebook, and WhatsApp remain connected to the internet? Every time I have to turn the mobile data off and then on to get notifications.
How can I know the exact location of a person who sent a message from the general Facebook website using mobile?
Do you know any pages on Facebook for crazy commercial ideas?
Are there students who used to waste their time on Facebook and then stopped?
I followed a person accidentally and then unfollowed them on Facebook. Will they receive a notification​?
How do I create Facebook notification using web worker?
How can I apply for Facebook’s new 3000 live-streaming monitoring jobs?
Does Facebook use metadata-driven development?
How and on what basis do people get their Twitter/Facebook/Instagram accounts verified?
What is an appropriate line for a best friend who can’t be a Facebook friend?
How can I find people who have English content and they need a French translation, using Facebook groups?
How can I get more relevant and active followers for my Facebook page?
How do I take a cool Facebook profile picture?
How can I see a friend’s active log?
How do I make FB accounts?
Is there an actual app or easy way I can monitor my spouse’s Facebook and email activity, besides leaving a long ad to hire some super hacker?
Did Mark Zuckerberg revolutionize artificial intelligence by creating Jarvis?
What is the best online tool for building a viable, engaging business network? LinkedIn? Facebook? Other?
What kind of data can I get from a Facebook user’s friends list after they log in using Facebook?
How do I create a catchy page for selling jewellery via FaceBook?
What type of copyright issues can I expect if I’m creating a TV series page on Facebook?
How can we know when a person logs into Facebook?
How can I get Facebook to send me a new password for my ten-minute mail?
How can I see my boyfriend’s messages to other women on Facebook?
How do companies like Facebook, Google, and Microsoft hire employees?
What is the procedure for getting the original information of a person from his fake Facebook account?
Is there any way to see older passwords list in Facebook?
What is the best way to have Many folowers on Facebook group?
How does Google/Facebook test their products? What are their automation testing strategies?
How can I read my partner's Facebook Messenger without having his phone?
How can I gain access to my Gmail and Facebook accounts? I don't have the same phone or number or the passwords associated with my accounts.
Have you liked a picture on Facebook/Instagram just for the sake of liking it?
Should we block people on Facebook whom we don't agree with? Under what circumstances should we block and under which should we not?
Why don't Indian women share pictures of their husbands on Facebook, and why do they never mention whom they're married to?
How can I block my Facebook page post from a specific person?
How important are software patents to a new Facebook or Google?
Can a person have more than one Facebook account?
Can you post something that's not live on Facebook live?
Can you delete a group on Facebook?
Is there any real hacking of Facebook?
How do I delete all my Facebook posts at once? I am using an Android/Windows PC.
How can I find out who's looking at my Facebook profile that's not on my friend?
How can I automatically post on Facebook?
Will Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, etc. still be around in 50 years?
How do I change my Google Now feed so that it shows me local cards?
Why doesn't Facebook bring back the security feature of login approvals?
Who are the 10 best Facebook bloggers on weight loss?
Why does wowcrush.com not open in a tab, but it works while entering it in the comment box in Facebook?
Is there any tool to monitor relation status changes on Facebook?
What are the benefits of creating a Facebook page?
How can I monetize a Facebook group with more than 340K members?
Which is the best Facebook group on startup hiring?
Will Facebook be regulated? What would regulation look like?
Are affiliate links accepted for paid ads on Facebook, Google or other search engines?
What kind of sponsored ads show up on your Facebook feed? Do they interest you or annoy you?
A page on Facebook stole one of my answers on Quora and posted it as their own. What can I do?
What is Facebook Audience Network?
What do you think regarding the meme culture that is becoming more and more prevalent in Facebook (and internet in general)?
How do I tag friends on Facebook on Android?
How do I promote a URL shortening website via AdWords, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.?
How can we see someone’s Facebook profile if they have blocked us?
A kid asked my girlfriend for nudes on Facebook. He has a girlfriend, but kept asking for it. We found his mom on Facebook. Should we tell her?
Where can I find the Facebook page verification form?
How do I prevent Facebook from blocking my Facebook account?
One of my questions is not on my questions list but can be found on a Quora search with my name credited. What happened?
Can I sue Facebook for asking my identity?
Are there any Facebook pages like TheBetterIndia?
Why does Tinder show a friend I recently added on Facebook?
What do the ticks mean in Messenger?
How often do Facebook and Zuckerberg get sued?
What could be the Facebook audience for men's business watches product?
Why do couples carry on conversations on Facebook rather than a phone call or text?
One requires code to run a website, so would it be possible to run Facebook with only one person?
Can I change the name of my Facebook page even if my account is temporarily blocked (i.e., I can't write anything)?
What is the need of Facebook?
What would happen if Facebook is globally banned?
Do guys check their other messages when they have a crush on any stranger and they expect that stranger to message them on Facebook?
What percentage of Facebook users share their email IDs?
What are the recent changes in Facebook?
What does it mean when a friend (boy) likes a picture from few months ago on Facebook?
How do I find the number of Facebook users in a specific city?
Is Keanu Reeves on any kind of social media like Facebook or Twitter?
How do I create a contest on a Facebook page?
How can I sync Facebook birthdays to Google Calendar?
Is it possible to be blocked when you are not friends on Facebook?
How am I gonna open my pictures in Facebook and video, too?
How can I tell if my girlfriend is using secret messages on Facebook?
Will Google lose everything to Facebook?
Why do we use Facebook in social media marketing?
It is unpolite to add someone you don't know on Facebook?
How do I focus on study and stop using Facebook and stop playing Mini Militia?
What is business development at Facebook or Instagram?
Can my friend steal my password if I log into Facebook from his mobile browser? If so, how?
How can I get new script for auto-adding an FB group?
If I message someone on Facebook who I'm not friends with do they get to read the message before deciding whether to accept my request to friend me?
How can I get the rights to my dead brother's Facebook page? I would like it to be changed to a memorial page, but I do not know how to do this.
Can Facebook see startpage searches?
Can you tell who someone is messaging on Messenger?
What does it mean when it says your mobile number was removed from your account because it was registered and verified buy another Facebook user?
Can one hack FB accounts using online tutorials?
If Google, Facebook, Apple, Amazon and Microsoft were declared monopolies, what would be the best way to break each of them up?
How serious a problem is social media addiction?
What are some important community or common interest Facebook groups, secret or closed? In what interesting ways are they used by members?
How do I find my friend’s Facebook comments?
Will your friend see your activity on Facebook Messenger when your messenger is running in the background?
Is it wrong to brag on Facebook page about your company's projects?
How can I chat with a following friend on Facebook?
Why would someone friend request you on Facebook then pretend they didn't?
How can I find someone using my Facebook without my knowledge?
How can I read a message on another person’s Facebook account without knowing their names?
What is the architecture of a Facebook Messenger extension?
Is Facebook liking a page for me without my permission?
How can I allow everyone to like my photos on Facebook?
How do I unblock myself from someone’s Facebook account?
Should Quora add feature opening the links internally within the app like Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter?
How can I crop a Facebook photo?
Is it legal to use Facebook for commercial purposes?
How can someone get money from Facebook?
A guy on Facebook proposed to me online, and I accepted the proposal and it's been a month. We are in a relationship. Is he using me, or is he really serious?
If you send a message and deactivate your Facebook account, will they still see your name?
What software does Facebook use for its videos?
How does Facebook display what your friends have liked?
Is it possible for my friend to re-tag me on a photo on Instagram? I have accidentally removed the tag. Can’t re-tag it now. Is there a way?
Is the idea of Facebook patented?
Can a deactivated Facebook account be hacked or not?
We are not Facebook friends anymore, but we do have preexisting conversations from when we were. I sent the message two days ago and it still says "sent" but not "delivered.” Will he be able to read it?
There is a lot of conflicting advice on Facebook ads. If there was any question you could ask about Facebook advertising, what would it be?
Should I use Facebook as my personal diary and fully fill profile with personal data?
How can I align text to the right on Facebook?
What are the advanced features of Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter?
What might a Facebook advertiser attempt to sell a suicidal teenager?
What are some good Facebook page and page post autolikers that give 200+ likes on a single click?
How do you hide being on messenger?
How do I hide my Facebook relationship status but keep it visible on my fiancee's profile for her friends?
How do I recover Facebook acount without Gmail and password?
How do I know if my friend has a dual messenger in the same account?
Do Google, Apple, and Facebook hire Qt/C++ engineers?
How do I update a blank status on Facebook?
Can one send a Facebook friend request using Facebook SDK?
How do some Facebook pages put advertisement in between of the video?
Is there is any way to upload .mp3 files to Facebook and YouTube with fixed images with high resolution?
Whom can I contact on Facebook to ask about an MA in literature?
How do you retrieve a lost Facebook password?
Can you hide a friend from your friends list?
What is an alternative to Facebook and Instagram?
Does Facebook record your video calls on Facebook?
What is the bullish argument for Amazon, Apple, Google, Facebook, Microsoft, and Netflix?
Someone sent me a message and a friend request. I deleted the friend request. Does that delete the message also?
I am dreadfully provoked. How do I trigger a shocking amount of destruction in a lawsuit against Facebook, on a very low budget?
How can I appear online on Facebook every time?
How do you know who has friended you on Facebook?
What happened to the Facebook website?
What is the reason for someone disappearing from the “people you may know” list on Facebook? Does it mean the person removed himself/herself or is this a Facebook decision?
Why can I not unblock someone from my Facebook?
I spent $12 per day for 3 days on Facebook ads, which got me 300 website views per day, but no sales; should I end the campaign or spend more?
How can I buy Facebook likes, YouTube subscribers and Twitter followers?
What is the motivation for Facebook to push their Top Stories newsfeed?
Would it show as delivered if they didn't have a Messenger account?
Can ex-convicts in Australia have gun photos on Facebook?
Which is more complicated in terms of design, Facebook website or F22 Raptor?
What is the user doing in Facebook during active?
Would Facebook achieve the same kind of success (or even exist) had Zuckerberg attended a different school?
How do I tell if someone is new on Facebook?
Where can I find Facebook profile data?
How do I integrate Facebook Pixel with TheBookingButton?
Do you have to delete your Messenger app if you have already scheduled your FB for deletion?
Why can't my friends mention me in comments so I can have a notification? It just appears in black font, not blue with a link to my page.
How can I reduce my addiction to FB?
Is it ethical to share and alter a post from one Facebook page to another, adding a misleading image to the new post?
What can I do to resize an event photo to fit on a Facebook page, if I don't have Photoshop? Is there any way to do it online for free?
What happend if I spam messages on Facebook?
How does geolocation work on popular websites like Google, Facebook, and YouTube?
How do I tell if someone with a mobile phone is on Messenger chat or browsing Facebook?
What is the difference between people who use Facebook, Instagram, and Snapchat more and people who use Quora more?
Who is the king of the internet, Google, Facebook or WordPress?
What is the perfect name for my Facebook cricket page?
How can I broadcast live IPL matches on my Facebook page?
Why do other social media companies not create revolutionary tech like Facebook does?
What is your most hated Facebook trend today?
How can I generate leads directly in my Autoresponder and Webinar list using Facebook Ads?
What are the Poke and Wave features in Messenger during chatting?
Can I get my deleted conversation back on Messenger?
How long does Facebook take to verify one’s ID?
What does it mean when you are friends with someone on Facebook but you can't see them on any of your friends lists when they used to be there?
What are some ways to unsync your contacts from Facebook on your Android?
Why are people operating fun Facebook pages? Does Facebook pay for this?
How can I move all my saved Facebook posts to a Word document or a PDF?
Is it possible to extract the time for every like and share on Facebook brand pages?
How do I read a message without the seen mark in hangouts messenger?
How do I block a profile on Facebook?
Why did Facebook Messenger decide to focus on ads only while other messaging platforms such as WeChat and Line make money from payments, commerce etc.?
How can I see the secret conversations of my spouse in Messenger?
How do I create a female Facebook account for MMM?
How can I know my opponents' advertising in Facebook?
What is the different when doing marketing by between Billboard and Facebook?
This message pops up on the screen "this person is not available right now". What does this mean? Am I blocked by my friend or I was temporary blocked?
Why can I see the “Add friend”/“Send message” buttons next to a profile picture on a phone but not on a laptop?
Why don't we make our own apps instead of using Facebook and Google in India?
Does it make sense to use additional user information (like age, sex or even Facebook likes) for recommendation systems?
What are the problems in Rails that prevent it from carrying big sites like Facebook, WhatsApp or Google?
Which is the minimum age to use Facebook?
Why won't Facebook load complete photo albums, it just has a spinning cursor?
How do I comment on a Facebook page post through a C++ program?
How can I permanently turn off Facebook's region based pages?
How do you make One single Page your default page in WIX without a /name after?
What is the best Facebook group for expats in your country/city? What rules does it have?
Does Facebook monitor our everyday life?
How does one stop oneself from being an active Facebook and an Instagram addict?
Is there any way to retrieve my old Facebook account password?
Facebook is not responding to my ID verification for the last 1.5 years. What can I do?
Would you "out" a racist on Facebook to their employer or clients?
How can I inbox somebody on Facebook Messenger?
I saw a girl on Facebook and instantly got attracted to her. But she doesn't know me at all. Should I send her a friend request?
Do the number of views shown on our stats page include views from outside sources such as Google, Facebook, etc.?
What is RMIT like for a Master’s in laboratory medicine? The reviews on their Facebook page are very negative, and I would like to hear the views of their alumni.
How much does Google, Facebook and Microsoft earn from India?
Can Facebook be defeated by a new company? If yes, how? If no, why not?
How do I get the password for a Facebook friend without permission?
Is there a similar thing as Activity Log from Facebook on Quora? Can I see the posts I upvoted?
What does it say about a person who unfriends you on Facebook because you don't like Trump?
How do you undelete Facebook messages properly?
I'm trying to cause a shocking amount of destruction by suing Facebook ($20B). As a Nigerian, how do I bring this lawsuit to fruition?
Is there a way to earn from Facebook like YouTube?
How can an African apply for the, 3000 live streaming monitoring jobs at Facebook?
How do I make a IFTTT recipe to post on FB business page, instead of a FB personal page?
Does WhatsApp still work in China? Since last year, it’s owned by Facebook, no?
How do I remove phone number from my Facebook account?
What is the meaning of accepting an interest request in community matrimony?
How can I see who has blocked me on Facebook?
What is the best Facebook ads type if there is no web page?
How do 3rd party companies get your Facebook page or Instagram account verified with a blue tick in return for money?
If you unfriend someone on FB, would they know it?
How do I get rid of a Facebook and Twitter addiction?
How can I report a cyber crime on a Facebook comment in India?
Will Tinder update my profile pictures without my knowledge?
Is the WhatsApp company under the Facebook company?
Is it possible to merge a restaurant FB page with a musician FB page?
Is there a way of cross posting images on multiple Facebook pages?
When does Messenger show you as being online? Can Messenger show that you are online without you opening Facebook?
How can I be as good as Google or Facebook developers?
Why is FB using so much space on my phone?
Are there any Indian stock market experts to follow on Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, or Quora?
Can we run multiple lead ads in Facebook?
How can I upload, save and display a profile picture in PHP?
What is the best strategy through Facebook for startups?
How do entrepreneurs like Tim Cook and Mark Zuckerberg sleep only a few hours and remain completely awake the rest of the day?
Why did Quora make comments optional? I can no longer comment on something or read other comments. Did Quora just give users the power to censor posts?
Among Google, Apple, Facebook, Amazon and Microsoft, which one gets more information about users?
Are the terms "Like" and "mutual Friends" owned by Facebook?
Are there any websites which could drive web traffic from a Facebook page?
Why do people keep posting political rubbish on Facebook?
How do you find a person’s Facebook page or wall?
How can I replicate dynamically Facebook Post comments on a Wordpress article?
Why do my own Facebook posts sometimes not show up in my news feed?
How we can promote webinar on Facebook?
Is it cool to send a friend request on Facebook to your crush, who is your junior?
Why is my ad placement on Facebook smaller than my mobile ad placement?
Is Facebook down? Getting an error saying "Sorry, something went wrong. We're working on it and we'll get it fixed as soon as we can."
What is the best way to save Facebook videos to a computer?
How do I apply for a violet video reader on Facebook?
Can I see if I'm in someone's top six Facebook friends list?
Has Google or Facebook ever recruited KIIT students?
How much should I charge for designing a Facebook page?
What is the reason behind many people taking up photography as a hobby in recent times?
I deactivated my Facebook account 2 years ago or more. I remember the email address but totally forgot the password. Is there any way to restore it?
What’s the average usage of WhatsApp and Facebook?
How do I make a Facebook Messenger QR code?
How will Facebook’s marketplace impact Craigslist and eBay's growth?
Why does data on Google Analytics differ from data on social media platforms, specifically Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram?
How social media such as Facebook, path, Snapchat promote their platform at early stages?
Does Mark Zuckerberg waste time on Facebook?
If a Facebook login is compromised, what personal data will be lost??
Why would your ex keep taking themselves off Facebook when you already have them blocked?
Do we need social networking sites for success? Is there any use of these sites for our academic growth?
How did I show up on Facebook’s Nearby Friends?
Why isn't Facebook Group app loading? When will this problem be solved?
What are disadvantages of converting your Facebook profile to a Facebook page in 2017?
On Facebook Messenger, what causes a message request to go from sent (blue circle with checkmark) to delivered (filled in blue circle with checkmark)?
Will users be able to search their Activity Logs of their Facebook Timeline?
Is it possible to turn off unwanted videos in Facebook?
How do I find somebody’s Facebook username?
Can I get an app to hack a Facebook account?
How do I generate large YouTube video thumbnails for Facebook without any site promotion?
Does it affect anything on Facebook if I get blocked?
How can I talk to someone from the Facebook office?
Is it forbidden to sell private ads on a Facebook group as an administrator of the group?
Is iodised salt a bad business tactic? Is it necessary when iodine evaporates upon warming ?
Why would a name show up several times under a Facebook search?
How do you differentiate between paid Facebook views/clicks to site and organic Facebook views/clicks to site in Google Analytics?
Why does my new account have a different "activity log" (likes) look from my old Instagram?
Do you think the Logical Indian Facebook page is anti Hindu?
Can a Facebook user on Messenger be a creeper?
Why does Facebook Live Map keep crashing when viewing certain live casts? Some streams crash quickly and other seem to stay up and running smoothly.
When will Facebook launch its augmented reality learning platform?
Is it possible to record Facebook voice calls on Windows using Chrome?
What would you advise me to do, if I want to push aside Facebook?
Can I get do follow backlinks from Facebook and Google Plus?
How can I change the Facebook page info?
Why do Android phones come with the Facebook app? Does Facebook pay Google?
How do I get my friend’s number in Facebook Messenger?
How often does Facebook messenger archive messages?
Is the information about health given on Facebook through Facebook pages correct?
How can I get people to see my Patreon page?
How do you design a Facebook banner?
Facebook’s rules say that if your account is disabled, you need permission to make a new account. Where do you go to ask?
Can I use a Nikon D5300 for a live feed on Facebook? If yes, what are the things I need to do in order to do so?
How does Facebook get its sponsored ads?
How can I change the Facebook account email account in Quora.com?
How do I sign into my Facebook account with a profile picture?
How do people put special effect on live Facebook videos?
Should I stop using Facebook?
How can I read my man’s Facebook messages?
How can you tell, when someone shows active on Facebook Messenger, that a person is chatting with someone else?
My girlfriend blocked her ex on Facebook, but I can still see her likes and comments on his post from a couple of years ago. Has she unblocked?
How do people in the Google office see if someone says, "Add me in Facebook," or "Facebook me"?
How did Mark Zuckerberg earn money when he started Facebook and turned the website into a billion-dollar company?
Why is Facebook trying to force me to use the app, instead of Safari on iPad?
How can I earn with my fb fashion page which has around 100k likes?
Can my client pay for his Facebook ads if his page is in my Business Manager account?
How can Facebook be hacked with the SS7 flaw?
How do I apply for a job at Facebook?
I'm American and I'm looking to make friends on Facebook who live in Ireland. How do I go about doing this?
What is the procedure to find out who saw my profile recently in Facebook?
Did you ever love someone so much that you end up getting blocked on Facebook \U0001f601?
Is This rac?
Where is my friend’s list?
How can my startup story be as popular as Mark Zuckerberg or Facebook?
On which Facebook page or group can widowers be found?
Will deleting a comment on Facebook delete it everywhere or just on my device?
How do I prevent a person seeing my post in Facebook who is not a friend to me?
Why do companies like Facebook and IMO pay stipends if the employees stay less than 5 miles from the office?
What does increasing ad spend on a Facebook Ad Set actually do?
Who are the people behind faking news Facebook page?
What script would I need to grant a redirect after a successful Facebook login app, if the app is hosted on a stand alone landing page domain?
I have already downloaded WhatsApp Messenger. Now, how do I start chatting?
What are the digital media strategy you used for relevant website traffic and lead generation apart from Google and Facebook platform?
Who can find out a person behind a fake Facebook account?
Does Facebook prefer to hire developers who are active on Facebook as users?
Can I search for any Facebook account​ by an uploaded pic on that account​?
Is Facebook useless for students?
Is there a grand piano at Facebook's Menlo Park campus?
How do I target FaceBook adverts to clothing brands?
How can I get back into my Facebook account, using my security question?
Can you sue someone for invading your privacy? Like personal things, Facebook/phone messages, etc.?
How can I market a local medical spa on Facebook?
How can I hide my Facebook activity from my girlfriend?
What would happen to their respective companies if Mark Zuckerberg and Satya Nadela interchanged their posts with enough knowledge of the products of the other company?
What does "in a relationship" on Facebook in Mumbai means?
Why is there so much offensive material on Facebook?
What does Facebook use Git for?
How do I find out the email address associated with a private message sent to me through Facebook?
In the future, what company could possibly defeat Facebook in the social media industry? And why?
What would happen if someone tag a person on a video I shared to selected people on Facebook?
How do I hide my friend list on Facebook?
Facebook says that they're not taking applications for blue checkmark verifications at the moment. How do you get one?
Can you see when a friend has viewed your Facebook?
What are Facebook's SWOTs?
Do Facebook users find Facebook less appealing since the removal of interest lists (adding pages to lists)?
How do I tell my autistic brother that he will never become a programmer at Google or Facebook, etc.?
How accurate is the Facebook audience size meter?
How do I promote an online store or Facebook page in a different​ country​ (eg Australia)?
Why did Facebook ask me if I knew a specific girl from the suggestion list?
How can I recover one post that I posted in a Facebook group if I deleted it unexpectedly?
When on Facebook Messenger, what does it mean when you see “video chat” under one of your contact’s name?
How do certain products (or news) that are not more special than others (fidget spinner, Facebook, etc.) become so popular?
Is it normal to brag about your academic grades on social media sites like Facebook?
Is it wrong to unfriend someone in my circle of friends?
How can I contact Facebook’s/Twitter’s CEO?
What are the best platforms to distribute your blog posts besides the usual Facebook, Instagram and EDMs?
Is there any Tamilian working in Facebook, Google and Microsoft?
Why do some follow unknown people on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and what is their actual intention?
How does Facebook ad work?
What are the best app to get auto comment on Facebook page or account?
Does Facebook provide any API to log in to an account with Python?
Can I host multiple Facebook live streams on a website?
Is it possible to look at items available in a Facebook merchandise store online?
How do you use a Facebook Pixel to create a custom audience of everyone who visits your website if it's installed on multiple websites?
Is it possible to use old versions of websites such as LinkedIn and Facebook?
How do I merge two FB accounts? Will I lose photos?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked me how I was doing?
What are the features of Facebook video post translation?
What is the most customizable plugin for Facebook photos / albums in WordPress?
What are the best interests to use on Facebook ads for watches?
Does Quora sell data to Facebook?
If I were to start a Facebook group to discuss canonical events in Star Wars, how do I get people to join?
How can I download Facebook videos in an Andriod phone?
How can you go into a person's page that blocked you?
In what update where Facebook chat heads removed?
What should you say in your first chat with an unknown friend on Facebook if she is online?
Is it illegal for me to share a standard YouTube licensed video with my friends on Facebook?
Can I see “last seen” on Messenger if I am not her friend on Facebook?
What does it mean on Facebook Messenger when the status says active a minute or minutes ago, but the color green indicator does not show?
How do I avoid tagging on Facebook?
Why do exes tend to create fake Facebook accounts to spy on you? I mean, the relationship ended, so why spy on her/him?
Why is there no rival app for Facebook?
Why are engineers trolled so much on social media, especially Facebook?
Should I share my book cover and description on social networking sites before publishing it on KDP?
Is there still a chance in 2017 to compete with Facebook?
What is the proper way to absorb an existing Facebook page when you acquire a business and location?
Why doesn't Facebook care about UI?
Is it okay to accept a friend requests you get in Facebook without knowing them in person but you have mutual friends?
How do I view my Instagram activity on Facebook?
Does popularity on Facebook affect your popularity in real life?
Does Facebook help to get into a relationship?
How do I react thankfully on Facebook?
Is is possible to do affiliate marketing on Facebook directly without having any website or blog?
How do you see videos on Facebook with your phone?
How do my videos go live on Facebook?
Why does the person I search for on Facebook show up many times?
How do I use Facebook links on LinkedIn?
I've just joined Facebook. What are some things I should keep in mind? (while making my profile, posting, etc.)
What was it like to date Sheryl Sandberg?
Why is Facebook installed on Android 6 Sony Xperia X permanently and can’t be uninstalled?
How can anyone give up the addiction of Facebook?
Is it possible to know who has viewed my Facebook page?
If someone keeps blocking and unblocking on Facebook, does it affect the photo in search?
Do Aspies often have Facebook feeds with higher S/N ratio (especially to outsiders)?
How can I get the 2010 version of Facebook back?
Should I use int or VARCHAR in MySQL (or other databases)?
What does the green picture with wine on messenger mean?
How can I see which non-friends have viewed my Facebook page?
If I want to start up a social media site a little like Facebook, what is the easiest way to do it?
Facebook has expanded the content review team. Does it show that China's network management has something to learn from it?
Is Facebook a cult?
What do Facebook metrics like the total views of a page actually & honestly mean?
What happened to Facebook games?
Is making a fan page on Facebook or Instagram legal?
How can I reach someone in the Facebook Ads team? My ads don't work. The budgets are not being used, targeting variations are done, tickets are being raised, and nothing works.
How does Facebook still know my e-mail address after clearing my browser data?
Which WordPress plugin allows users to create business pages, like Facebook pages?
How do I make money from a fake Facebook account with 4000 friends and 1000 followers?
How do I find the location of a Facebook user?
AdSense ads are not showing whena user is coming from Facebook. Why is this happening only with me on Facebook?
Why do my friends’ profiles show eight pictures of their friends?
Why hasn't Twitter grown like Facebook?
Is there a way to upload a video with a photo album on Facebook?
When can I share a post from another page in a group from my new account so Facebook doesn't block that account?
Why do my questions not show up on my page?
Do cricketers have their own FB IDs?
What does it mean on Facebook when it says contact?
Did anyone try to make an alternate version of Facebook or Quora?
How do I change my name on Messenger on my Android?
How do I add my Twitter account to my FB account?
Can I hack Facebook accounts by using a rooted Android mobile?
Can a Facebook business manager account create a Facebook page?
Why is it that some of the sponsored ads on Google and Facebook are linked to what you search for on the Internet?
How can I get licence key for Facebook tool kit?
What does Mark Zuckerberg do as he works 60 hours per week? Does he code or go to meetings and stuff?
Does a person know when I save his/her profile image on Facebook?
What would 9/11 have been like if social media (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.) had the same prevalence then that it does today?
How do I warn the Facebook CEO directly, without any third party?
What is Facebook actually meant for?
Will Facebook, Twitter, and WhatsApp lead to death?
What are the allegations against Mark Zuckerberg in the social network movie?
Is there an app or a script that will give you notifications about the activity of your "close friends," like what Facebook used to give, e.g., when they comment?
How can we post Twitter posts on Facebook automatically?
What database or storage is used by Facebook to store its live streaming data?
I was an administrator of a Facebook group and I deleted my account. What happened with the group?
What should be the motive behind updating a story on Snapchat?
What is the process of getting business page verification tick on Facebook?
Is it really possible to hack someone's messenger acct?
Is it possible to access a Facebook account with two different passwords?
What is the diameter of a large graph (Facebook or Google graph) used for? What are the applications and some usage cases?
One girl “unfriended” me on Facebook and in turn it made me so disappointed that I blocked her. Was that the right thing to do?
What are the signs that your Facebook page is being blocked?
What is the the structure of Facebook iOS and Android application?
Why do many people consider Facebook a waste of time?
What year did you start using Facebook? I started in 2011.
Can you explain these conflicting Facebook video metrics?
How can I download a Facebook video on my phone?
How can I log in to FB without a password or an email?
How often and for what type of posts do you use Facebook?
How can I tell if a friend I am following is excluding me from their posts on Facebook?
How do I make a good looking website like Facebook or Quora?
Are Apple, Alphabet, Facebook, etc., working directly to advance the field of health/medicine?
Should I quit Facebook, WhatsApp, and other social media sites for a better future?
What circle in Pinterest posts mean?
Why are there less number of likes on Quora's posts on Facebook?
What is the minimum cost for Facebook ads in India?
Is Mr. Mark Zuckerberg’s personal e-mail address contact available, just for me?
Is it good practice to write likes and dislikes when the buttons are clicked directly to a database such as MySQL or put them in an async queue?
When is Facebook going to die?
How long does Facebook take to close an account in case of inactivity?
Why would my iPhone appear to be logged into my Facebook account as an iPad?
How can we see others’ updates on Facebook without having a Facebook account?
How do you add a countdown to a Facebook page?
What will be happen with Facebook in future, let's say in two or five years?
Other than Amazon, Facebook, etc., what are some other big companies that use mergers and acquisitions as part of their growth strategy?
How can I pay for a Facebook page in Uganda since I have no card?
What would Magic Leap do if Avegant & Microsoft teamed up to make a light field HoloLens?
Should I delete my Facebook account right now? I want to begin anew.
On my MetroPCS account, how do I get access to my second line?
On Facebook, girls get more likes and comments. Is the same thing happening on Quora?
Why did you "unfriend" all of your Facebook friends?
Facebook Instant Articles Doesn't show Ads, can someone help?
Why does Facebook create a dark web website?
Can I Share a text file on Facebook?
Will Facebook be a good choice to post my song covers?
A has blocked B's account on Facebook. If C (a mutual friend of both A and B) comments on a post or a photo posted by A, will B be able to see that post or photo?
What is the use of a hashtag on Facebook or Instagram when uploading an image?
Can anyone spy on my Facebook?
If you read a Facebook Messenger message via a push notification without opening the app, will the sender see their message as being marked read?
Do you think Quora will soon run promotions on paid advertisements from businesses just like Facebook to build revenue?
Does Facebook pay for likes on a page like YouTube does?
Do you like your fans on Quora more than you like your fans on Facebook?
Is it a crime to look at someone's Facebook and Instagram PG?
Can I create a Facebook based visualization? If yes, how do I start?
Are Facebook Messenger’s “encrypted” secret messages easily monitored by Facebook, as they claim to be able to monitor certain behaviors and messages?
A person is using my old profile picture as his profile picture. He is accessing Facebook with another name. How can I find that profile?
Is the best way to reach potential users for a new app via Facebook, ads, or other means?
According to you, is Facebook a successful dating platform?
What is India doing for Syrian refugees other than tweeting and sharing Facebook posts?
How can I find my friend’s Facebook account by only searching by contact number?
How do I find password of Instagram without Facebook?
How can I get the phone number of my friend on Facebook?
What is Google really scared of, other than Facebook ads?
How do I earn via Facebook and Instagram pages, likes, etc.?
What are some interesting secret Facebook groups?
Where did my Facebook location address go?
Are there any social networks that have a Facebook style theme?
Who can I contact if I need to stop someone from using my email to set up a Facebook account?
How bad is Facebook addiction?
Can an engineering fresher student do a job at Facebook?
A has blocked B's account on Facebook. If C (a mutual friend of both A and B) comments on a post or photo posted by A, will B be able see C's comment or like on that post or photo?
Is there any Facebook or WhatsApp group for law aspirants?
How do I convert a comment into a post on Facebook?
How do I verify my entertainment website Facebook page?
Is there a way to prevent someone from following a Facebook Page without also liking it?
How does Facebook generate the "friends who will miss you" shown in the account deactivation process?
Why does the wrong image appear when I share a website or a post on the social networks?
Why do people always appear online on Facebook?
Is posting and sharing political stuff on Facebook bad?
How do I prepare myself to get into the data teams of Google, Facebook, etc.?
Is it possible to hack Facebook online?
How do I update my status to a client?
Is Facebook just a socially-accepted platform for people to brag?
Is it possible that other people can read my messenger?
I need to focus. How can I stop Messenger and all these apps that force me to receive messages and calls even when I block the notifications?
On a Facebook page, what ratio is good for the number of post reaches to likes?
I am trying to opening my Facebook account, but it reports an error due to some problem on the website. What does that mean?
To what extent do adults practice their freedom of expression on Facebook?
How do I delete my Facebook ID permanently?
How many users access Facebook Live via mobile?
Is there a way to fast processing the Facebook friends list?
Do you find it odd that Facebook, YouTube, and Twitter ban users for no reason but they won't ban accounts of Islamic extremists?
How do I set up a WhatsApp group so that only the administrator can see incoming messages and, when posting them out, all the participants are able to see them?
What is the best way to troll those spam Facebook messages from girls "looking to have fun"?
Why would someone who's not in my friend list show up in Facebook quiz results?
What can I do in Facebook so that on Tinder I will only be matched up with people who are NRIs and were brought up in the Arabian Gulf region?
Facebook has disabled my account, and my phone number is lost. How do I recover it?
Does Facebook allow businesses/startups to sell FB accounts or pages for automatic backup services?
Why do my friends on Facebook like others’ posts, but not mine?
How do I delete my Quora account, if I used my Facebook to sign in, and I am locked out of the email for my Facebook account?
How do you remove pictures from Facebook?
Who is managing the Bangalore City Police’ Facebook page?
Will tech giants like Google, Microsoft, Amazon, and Facebook hire a statistician with a master’s degree?
What does it mean when there are pulsating circles around the video icon on Facebook Messenger?
Why can't I convert my Facebook profile into a page?
Can brand pages publish branded content on Facebook?
In what other ways I can submit my CV to Facebook excluding careers.Facebook.com?
How does Chatfuel do to create a Facebook developer App for their users?
I accidentally tagged someone in a post on Facebook, but untagged them and blocked the page. Will the page get a notification?
Is Daniel Radcliffe on Facebook?
Do people still use Facebook (May 2017)?
I deactivated my Roku. How do I reactivate it?
Did your life change after deleting Facebook and WhatsApp?
Can friend requests be sent to a deactivated Facebook account?
How do I look at my boyfriend’s messages on Messenger discreetly?
Is life generally better with or without a Facebook account, for an unexceptional person?
Have you ever reached the end of your Facebook news feed?
Which credit card should be best for boosting posts in Facebook?
Why would a boy who liked you unfriend you on Facebook?
How did WittyFeed and its founders, Vinay Singhal, Praveen Singhal and Shashank Vaishnav, get verified on Facebook?
How do I invite people who shared my content to like my business’s Facebook page?
What do people think about the new flower (thankful) react of Facebook?
Is Facebook keeping the ‘Thankful’ reaction beyond Mother's Day?
Why doesn't YouTube hire IITians like Google or Facebook?
How will you describe personalities of people using Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, WhatsApp, Snapchat and Quora?
How do I add followers rather than friends on Facebook?
How can I download a GIF from Facebook?
Has Facebook ever thought of wiping out Amazon, Uber, foodpanda and other aggregators by connecting potential customers with potential service providers on its own platform? Aren’t most of them already on Facebook?
How do I create Facebook and Instagram outro cards on YouTube videos?
How do you re-target marketing to people on Facebook who have downloaded your app from iTunes?
Is it illegal to hack Facebook messenger and post someone's messages?
Has anyone read posts by this page on Facebook by the name Mukhtasar?
Can class 8 students make Facebook IDs?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg taking a tour of the whole USA?
How can I find pending posts on Facebook?
What user profile information can I access from Facebook's Botkit tool?
What is the meaning of ROFL on FB?
How can I turn my friend requests on Facebook into followers?
How do you tell if someone is declining your call on FB messenger or just not answering?
How can I check if someone has blocked me on FB Messenger?
What are the best ways to use Facebook for company?
How do you earn money from Facebook videos?
How can I get a blue tick on my Facebook profile?
What are the drawbacks of installing the Facebook app?
How can I convert my Facebook profile to page a second time?
How do I get unlimited likes on Facebook?
How would you target people interested in buying lady's apparel with Facebook ads for LuLaRoe or a similar brand?
What would happen if nobody used Facebook anymore and switched over to another social media site?
Why do people, my so-called friends on Facebook, ignore me?
How do I get to the first comment when there are hundreds of comments on a Facebook post?
What are time saving ways to use Facebook?
How can I make money using Instagram or Facebook?
How can I promote my blog site using Facebook?
What are the DevOps jobs available in companies like Google, Facebook, etc.?
How can I get authentication from another Facebook user to access his/her profile details through Graph API?
If most Hindus & Muslims post good things about each other on Quora, then why are there hate speech, hate comments & hate videos on YouTube & Facebook?
How much would WhatsApp be spending on cloud services if it was not bought by Facebook?
How useless do you think Facebook is?
What is the use of Facebook to Mark Zuckerberg?
Is it possible to use the same Facebook account after uninstalling the Facebook app?
If you delete a message on Facebook, will it still be seen on Messenger?
How can I get more followers on Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, Twitter, Vimeo and my blog?
Why should I verify my Facebook account?
How can I get my Facebook friend number without asking him?
What is the use of a hashtag in Facebook and Instagram while uploading a picture?
How do Twitter, FB, Instagram, LinkedIn, etc. interconnect? If you hashtag something, does the whole post show up on Twitter?
Whenever I try to send a message to my friend on FB messenger, it never gets sent. I see only a red icon in a circle. Why is this happening? Am I being blocked?
How can I see who views my Facebook account?
Why does Facebook keep lying about new notifications?
Can you still see liked posts by a person blocked on Facebook?
Are intellectuals less active on Facebook? It seems that Facebook is more of a self-branding platform than a "keep in touch" platform.
Is there any way to download all the content that I have posted in a Facebook group including all status and files?
How do I know whether my Facebook data engineer phone interview went good or bad?
How can I delete an old Facebook account of mine?
Can Facebook send me another password through my Gmail account?
How can I read my husband’s Facebook messages?
How can I tell if somebody has more than one Messenger app?
Is there a Facebook plugin to display an entire album in Lightbox?
Why do people not like Mark Zuckerberg?
How can I participate in a Facebook marketing workshop in India organised by Facebook?
What can I do to block a person and their posts on my business page?
How do I hire Facebook ads?
Why are most Indians making LinkedIn into another Facebook?
How can I directly put my photo from Facebook on Instagram?
Can you offer the best online courses for mastering Facebook advertising?
What is the best way to start a conversation\chat with a Facebook friend who is a writer and novelist and happens to be a girl?
How do I get access to someone else’s Facebook account?
Who all joined Facebook after they joined Quora? Why?
Do you like using live streaming on Facebook?
What could products from Google, Facebook, and Quora do differently if they were available as native desktop apps rather than only in the browser?
How do I get a reply from a girl on Facebook chat?
What determines the 8 friends that show up on your Facebook page?
How do I get access to my Gmail & Facebook accounts? I tried with this phone. Google won't accept this phone number. I don't remember my passwords.
Why would someone ignore a friend request rather than simply responding to it one way or the other?
What does it mean when you get “has accepted your request on Messenger”, but you have talked before?
Do you have an idea what will be the next Facebook or Instagram within the next decade?
Why should we hate Facebook?
Who has used Facebook ads to help a daycare with enrollment?
Which Indian Facebook groups are popular for buying and selling things?
How can I know the Facebook login history of my Facebook friend?
Can you know what friends are following on Facebook?
Should I run more than one campaign for the same target at one time on Facebook?
How do I create a new Facebook account and make it hard for others to find me?
What should I do when I tell someone I'm not interested in chatting on Facebook and they keep messaging me?
Is it true that you can see who visited your Facebook profile by seeing their IDs in View Source?
How many people left Facebook after using Quora?
Why have Facebook posts disappeared when I come back to them?
What are your views on the logical Indian Facebook page?
When Mircosoft paid 240 million for 1.6% of Facebook how did that value Facebook at $15 billion?
How does Facebook connect two users?
Who are the people who search my Facebook account?
What are the pros and cons of a only using Facebook for a business’ online presence?
Do people ever have positive emotions towards a Facebook friend?
Why does everyone want to join Google or Facebook rather than thinking to build their own startup?
Why is the use of a fake account on Facebook prohibited rather than framed? I mean, most public figures change their name, so why can’t we?
If one were to build the next Facebook what technologies would you use?
Can I apply for a job with Facebook/Google one year in advance?
Can I delete my Facebook account? Not deactivate it, I just want to delete it.
What does Mark Zuckerberg do at Facebook? Does he write code or do business negotiations?
If I set chat to offline on Facebook and I log out and then log in do I keep appearing as offline or does it switch online and offline?
How can I make 5,000 Facebook friends in an instant?
Should YouTube adopt Facebook's 6 reaction buttons?
What is the status of Abu Saraf?
What might be the reason for suddenly decreasing Facebook followers?
Why do people post their status on Facebook as “Watching Bahubali 2"?
Can I see who someone's chatting with on Messenger?
Is there a problem with Facebook today?
What does Quora think of this skit by Neel Kolhatkar on "equality" that is currently going viral on Facebook?
Why am I not getting Facebook messages from people who are not on my Friends list?
How can you find out when someone last logged in to Facebook, without being logged in?
What are some interesting pages on Facebook to increase our knowledge?
What is a good return on Facebook ads for fashion and apparel?
Facebook is blocking me again & again, & I have to change my password every 2 hours, & I'm also unable to post my comment. Why is this happening?
Can the Facebook destroy our life?
Is it possible to fall in love with someone over Facebook?
Which social media platform is likely to fall first among Facebook, WhatsApp, Instagram, Twitter, and Snapchat?
How do pages like "did you know" get likes on their Facebook page?
Where did Twitter go wrong that Facebook didn't?
What will be the scenario if Facebook and Quora are connected/linked?
Why do people get offended in Facebook's comment section easily?
How do I receive email notifications when I get a private message on Facebook?
For systems having millions of users (such as Facebook, Twitter or some popular online games), how should the administration system be built?
How do I reset the password of my Facebook account?
Should Facebook prevent crimes from being uploaded to Facebook?
Have you seen any Quoran on FB?
Would I be notified if someone reports me on Facebook?
Which is the best Facebook bot?
What does the green dot on Messenger mean?
Can I get 1000 likes in Facebook with zero cost and within in one hour?
Does Facebook allow external companies to provide interactive embeds on their feed?
Do the Illuminati exist? There is a group on Facebook which says that all of the terrorist attacks have been made by the CIA. Is this true?
Which is the best Facebook group auto poster?
Being an Indian, can I make Pakistani friends on Facebook? Is there anything wrong in that? I have seen some people making friends with them on Facebook.
Why do some people choose not to “like” someone’s post on Facebook intentionally?
Is Facebook a cult?
How safe is a video call between a couple in Imo or Facebook Messenger?
Would you have invested in Facebook in 2004?
What rules does Facebook implement to claim companies’ trademarks?
A few years ago I was terminated from Facebook. A recruiter who saw I used to work there has reached out asking if I want to return. Is this an error?
Which software does the Facebook page "poisoned thoughts" use for creating posts? What is some great software for creating similar posts?
Why do Bangalore-based troll Facebook pages behave so cheaply and make themselves the troll at the end?
What makes you stay away from Facebook?
Do companies like Facebook, Google and Amazon require university degrees for web developers?
How do I see if someone blocked me from seeing their post but I'm still their friend on Snapchat?
If someone deletes me off Facebook Messenger, how would I know?
Why are my favorites not showing up in Facebook Messenger?
What are some funny comparisons between Quora and Facebook?
What would be life after quitting WhatsApp and Facebook?
Will calls made in Messenger be added to my iPhone contacts?
Why isn't my university updating my merit page?
Your partner deletes texts and hides specific things on their Facebook timeline. Would you consider this deceptive behavior?
What are the reasons why I should switch to Google Allo instead of Facebook Messenger?
How do I open my husband's FB account in my cell phone without his knowledge?
How do you tag multiple people/groups on Facebook?
Do you know a website with a marketplace that lets people sell articles on their website/Facebook?
Why do so many of my friends miss my fb messages?
Has anyone analysed the political leanings of Facebook users?
How do I delete messages from Facebook forever?
What is the site that allows you to know everything you share on Facebook and generates links from our profile URL?
How can I make my Facebook impressive?
What are other pastimes, apart from Facebook and obviously Quora, which is on the top of my list?
How can I make my relationship status on Facebook visible to public except for one friend whom I don't wish to block?
Should I ask my fiance why she has blocked me on Snapchat, Instagram and Facebook? Should I just trust her?
How do I stop using Facebook, WhatsApp, my phone and computer?
What is your most efficient Facebook ad?
Why are some mobile app updates kilobytes in size, while others, specifically Facebook, are upwards of 35MB with almost every update they push out?
What is the best way to advertise music on Facebook?
How do you know who has friended you on Facebook?
How do I estimate the costs for different Facebook ads?
How do I create a Facebook account without getting disabled again and again?
On my friend’s friend list, the number of friend’s is 90, but I can only see my profile. Restricted mode would not give a number. Why?
How do you find your favorites on Messenger?
Why does Facebook Live Map keep crashing when viewing certain live casts? Some streams crash quickly and other seem to stay up and running smoothly.
I was denied access to a site saying account service was limited. The message was from siteground. What should I do?
How do I search content on Facebook?
How can I improve my Facebook page https://www.facebook.com/emailingbirds/?
How does Facebook get data about professional Dota matches?
How do I get Facebook's API for my app?
As a realtor's new assistant, I need to manage marketing online using MailChimp and Facebook. What can I post about?
Why does Facebook let you collapse comments of people that you follow but not friends?
What data can you pull from Facebook's pages without being an admin by using Facebook API?
Which are the best Facebook pages from Tamil Nadu, which will make you occupied?
Is Facebook a DDOS attack on humanity?
What should I name my Facebook page which is based on affiliate marketing?
How do I add clickable Instagram links in my Facebook bio?
How can I change my likes on Facebook?
Is the secret conversation encrypted when the device key doesn't match?
What’s the website where you can put your Facebook ID URL and it automatically generates all the links to show what you’ve shared publicly?
How do I create Facebook app like this?
What would a guy think about a girl when she adds him on Facebook after they met only once?
How can I get to the very beginning of a Facebook conversation without scrolling through all the years?
How do I apply for a job at Facebook?
Why does the camera on Facebook Messenger have circles around it, sometimes?
Does Facebook and/or Instagram watermark their users’ content?
Why do many people on Facebook request likes for their posts?
Why did Facebook page posts organic reach decrease a lot starting April 2017?
What is your opinion on the Facebook group, Offensive Humour 2.0?
How do I export the birthdays of my Facebook friends in my 'Close Friends' list to Google calendar (just the close friends list, not everyone)?
How can I move all my saved Facebook posts to a Word document or a PDF?
How can I create impressive posts on Facebook?
What is the difference between instant replies to anyone and the “Show a Messenger Greeting” on Facebook?
How Facebook valuation is done?
Why doesn't Instagram have react emoticons like Facebook?
How can I see the secret conversations of my spouse in Messenger?
Why doesn't Facebook show me my likes?
How many people are using the Facebook Stories feature?
Is it possible to log in to Messenger Lite without a Facebook account?
What programming software was used to create Facebook Messenger, Snapchat and WhatsApp?
Can I use Presto on Facebook to retrieve public posts from a specific city?
Where do I find a Facebook strategist and a Facebook consumer acquisition specialist who can be results paid?
What is a fan page in Facebook?
How do I promote my Indiegogo page?
Whenever I mention someone in a Facebook comment, it is visible to everyone. How can I avoid that?
How do I unarchive a conversation if the person has already deactivated his/her account?
Why don’t the top programmers and engineers working at Facebook and Google make their own app or something new so that they can replace these companies?
If someone deletes their Facebook profile and Messenger, do they show up in Messenger?
Do Google or Facebook developers copy-paste codes?
Should I send a friend request to my former teacher on Facebook?
Is it good practice to write likes and dislikes when the buttons are clicked directly to a database such as MySQL or put them in an async queue?
How did Mark Zuckerberg draw the line of friendship and business with his first 50 employees?
How do you make One single Page your default page in WIX without a /name after?
How can I earn on Facebook or other social media sites?
How do I remove a bad photo of myself from Facebook that someone else posted?
What do the circles around the camera in Messenger mean?
How can we see others’ updates on Facebook without having a Facebook account?
How does Facebook approve ads? How do they do it so quickly?
Why do leftists block people who were against them on social media? Is it considered bullying?
Approximately how many verified accounts are given by Twitter and Facebook on a daily basis?
Why do people on Facebook hate Twilight and Justin Bieber so much?
What are some of the creative ways companies curb Facebook addiction of their employees at work?
How many characters can we write if we post something on Facebook?
Is Facebook 'like' a vanity metric?
How do I search many Facebook groups at once?
Why is the monopolization of the Internet by Google, Facebook, and Amazon destructive?
How do you activate a disabled account?
What interests should I target on my Facebook ads if I am selling dog beds?
Is being an out-of-state applicant for a business job at companies such as Google, Facebook, and Apple a disadvantage?
Is there any way to get a wider newsfeed on mbasic.facebook.com?
If I make a video ad for Facebook and have 50 friends react to it via a link I send them, will that help somehow with the Facebook algorithm?
How do you deal with frenemies on Facebook?
In Facebook API, is there a way to get a mentioned/tagged person in a post or comment?
What type of post (picture, link, event, mention, shares, etc.) on your Facebook business page do you find receives the most engagement with your target audience?
Why does a narcissist man make his Facebook profile public then go private?
What is the official abbreviation for Facebook Instant Articles? FIA or FBIA?
What is an administrative assistant interview like at Facebook?
How can Facebook be harmful while studying?
Is the best way to reach potential users for a new app via Facebook, ads, or other means?
What would happen if Facebook were to shut down for 1 hour?
What does circle with tick mean in messenger?
How do I know who view my photos on Facebook?
Someone hacked my Facebook account and changed my profile picture. What can I do to fix this?
Who is the person(s) or company behind the Tasty cooking videos you often see on Facebook?
How do I know if someone viewed my profile on Facebook?
What would be viable antitrust strategies against Facebook and Google becoming/already being a digital advertising duopoly?
Can someone see if you've deleted the Messenger app?
What does it mean if my message request on Facebook is delivered - does that mean it has been accepted but just not read yet?
Is there still a chance in 2017 to compete with Facebook?
How do I do multiple posts in an FB group by posting once?
On Facebook, how do I stop seeing posts that say 'My friend A was tagged in a photo' on my timeline?
How can I target business owners on Facebook who are likely to be interested in online marketing?
How do you feel when people don't reply even after seeing your messages on WhatsApp or Facebook?
For systems having millions of users (such as Facebook, Twitter or some popular online games), how should the administration system be built?
How do I convert a comment into a post on Facebook?
How do I increase the likes on my Facebook instantly?
What are the pulsing rings around the video chat in Messenger?
What are the disadvantages of making Facebook account?
Are there examples of Facebook fan page headings?
What programming languages/technologies are beneficial to Android developers at large companies like Google, Amazon, Facebook, Uber, etc.?
What is the email ID of Facebook?
What would happen if Snapchat integrated Facebook login?
How many are the data centers of Facebook?
How do I search for someone who is not on Facebook or Google?
What charges can be filed against me if I violated someone's privacy by going through someone's Facebook account?
I added someone to my contacts, can they somehow see that they are on my contacts using Snapchat?
If nearby friends say 1mn, does that mean they were on Facebook a minute ago?
How do I create a bot/website which can search for a particular hashtag or keyword on Twitter/Facebook from the people I follow?
Is there a Facebook messenger alternative for windows phone?
Can I post on Facebook and let just friends who speak a specific language see my post?
How can find friends on Facebook by their IP?
What do you think about suicide on social media like Facebook? I just saw the news that a man is killing his baby, daughter, and himself.
Have you heard about minds.com?
When we search for someone on FB, what does “user” mean when it comes with the searched name?
If you blocked a former friend on Facebook and they wanted to know why, what would you say?
How can I see when my friends were last on Facebook, since the last update?
Why do Facebook friends who have deleted their accounts stay in your account?
Can you use a picture you previously saved from Facebook to relocate it on Facebook?
How does Mark Zuckerberg earn from Facebook everyday?
How is Facebook associated with Reliance Jio?
How much do I need to spend to get 10,000 likes on my Facebook page?
Are people who are blocked on Facebook aware of being blocked?
How do I find out when a Facebook account was made?
How can we add members in a group?
How likely is it that Facebook and WhatsApp will be blocked by ISPs?
When the green icon is green, does it mean you’re active on Messenger or active on FB?
Why are internet providers going to block Facebook once we don't have net neutrality anymore?
What should I say to a girl on Facebook who is asking for my "exact" address (which I don't want to share) without hurting her?
When running a Facebook ad campaign, how do I estimate the cost per impression, before launching?
You may have heard about the ban on social media in Kashmir Valley. Is there any way of using any social media sites?
How can I collect emails on my Facebook page?
Why don't Quora have auto translate like Facebook or Google?
How long would it take to scroll through Facebook feed if you were friends with every user?
How do I know who to unban in a Facebook page?
What's the best Facebook auto group poster software in 2017?
What do you think about Facebook Messenger?
How can I see the posts of a closed group and what they posted?
Why did Facebook not approved my weight loss page for promotion?
How can I report an FB account?
If Mark Zuckerberg ran for President and won, assuming China and other leaders allow FB to operate, is it in shareholders interest for him to run?
With Facebook crossing more than a billion users, is it possible for a new startup to compete and win against Facebook?
How do I know if a message request I received is not a fake?
Can someone can view if I send pictures in messenger?
How can you tell if someone deleted Facebook app?
What is with Facebook advertising people that offer office jobs?
How can you tell if someone has deleted Messenger?
How can I join you on Facebook?
Is it awkward to send friend requests to your future classmates after you get into and commit to your dream university?
Is Facebook trying to discourage the use of Instagram by introducing "News Feed Direct Message" and "Facebook Stories"?
If you accidentally like someone's post then deactivate your Facebook account, do they get a notification?
What data does Facebook SDK collect from app users?
What will happen if my old Gmail ID is linked to my Facebook account, and I deleted it?
Will I ever return to my Facebook sociability? Folks seem to worry that they haven't read my postings in 2 months.
Theoretically, how would someone make a fake ID in Photoshop so they can send it to Facebook so they can get their fake account back?
What does “favorites” in Facebook Messenger mean?
Is there a social network better than Lykup? https://lykup.com
Why is pornography allowed on Instagram and Twitter, but strictly banned on Facebook?
How do you make money on a Facebook page?
What are your personal reasons that you don't link your Facebook profile to Quora? That's if this applies to you.
Why am I getting duplicate Facebook icons on my phone?
How do I track a Facebook post if the user set it for friends only?
Could I get reward points from sending money to another person on Facebook on my credit card?
How do Facebook chatbot platforms allow users to create bots tied to Facebook pages without requiring a Facebook app review for each new page?
What are your favorite solutions to some of the biggest problems in the world?
How can I make more people join Facebook groups?
How can I start advertising on Facebook?
Would you rather rule Facebook or Quora?
What would happen if Zuckerberg decided to shut Facebook down tomorrow?
How do I verify Facebook in India?
Will you join Facebook if you joined Quora first?
Which social media site is the easiest to get verified on, YouTube, Instagram or Facebook?
Can anyone use my Facebook account with the correct password without me getting any notifications on my account?
Would Facebook get rid of its group feature?
Is there any way to see the recently added friends of a person who's not on my own Facebook friends list?
Why does the ZenPad 10 distort Facebook Live videos, and how do I fix it?
Does Facebook show your profile to the people who have saved your mobile no. and are on Facebook?
A friend asked me to meet after the exam, but when I called her afterwards she didn't answer and blocked me on Facebook. What could have happened?
The OBC NCL certificate prescribed by IIT has two pages. At the time of uploading the documents, do I have to upload both pages?
Is Software Engineering at Amazon much different from Facebook?
If Facebook goes out of business tomorrow, will the world collapse?
Who are the 'Aji Haan' Facebook page admins?
Can any idea eliminate Facebook in the future?
How does a Facebook post get embedded in a WordPress blog post?
How do I remove all the picture from my Facebook profile?
How can I reclaim my company's business Facebook page?
Who liked BizWiser on Facebook?
Is there any way to tell if someone has the Facebook app?
What season is it where you are right now?
Are Facebook users narcissistic?
Why can't I share my answers to my WordPress blog the same way I share them on Facebook and Twitter?
Can friends of friends add you as a friend without agreeing to it?
Should Facebook consider Quora a future threat? I believe Quora has the potential to make FB irrelevant.
Was there a need for a "Like" button in Facebook?
Is the war between Facebook and Snapchat a fake one?
What cool analytics stuff can you do with your Facebook messaging history?
How do I change a welcome message on meetup.com? The help page does not reflect the options available on the page.
What are the new upcoming features of Facebook revealed by Mark Zuckerberg at F8 2017?
If a Facebook account is deactivated, will it still add friends to your account?
How do I unblock a friend on Facebook who blocked me?
How different is Facebook Android app compared with other native apps?
When Facebook says you added someone to your account from your contacts, does that mean from your phone contacts or your Facebook contacts?
What was Mark Zukerberg, Evan Spigel and Jack Dorsey’s salary at the founding stages of their companies?
What is the legality of selling goods online through Instagram or Facebook pages in Nepal? I know it’s illegal, but is there any way to check with my government?
What does this means, “This advert format is not currently supported in the desktop news feed”?
How do I suggest my opinion to Facebook CEO?
What are the pros and cons if you make a habit of checking Facebook only once a day?
What is a unique name for an Instagram page about nail art?
How long does Facebook keep the details (such as IP address, etc.) of a deleted Facebook account?
How do you tag a name in a Facebook page post?
Does Facebook record audio on users' devices for ad-targeting purposes?
Why do people like a person's post on Facebook even when his state of mind is totally disturbed?
How do I delete multiple messages in Messenger?
Why don't I see GIFs on Facebook?
What should I fill in the "website" section on Facebook?
Why do people commit suicide live on Facebook?
Why is there little information about the Facebook founders (other than Mark Zuckerberg)?
Can I make a Facebook Live video in a public area?
Does Facebook automatically friend someone to your account?
Can I use the same bot that I use for my Facebook page to mine in-app Salesforce-powered chat?
Do you know any Facebook accounts of the top Clash Royale players?
Should I post a picture of my (plastered) broken hand on Facebook?
How has Facebook's company culture scaled with growth?
Is Facebook going to add a theme feature, a set background color or an image option for the mobile app or is there anyway one can do it using APKs?
How do I make the Twitter account @dopeandnerds famous?
How can I upload pics from Google Photos to Facebook and Instagram?
What is the best way of figuring out the most commonly used words in a certain Facebook group or page?
How do police track a deleted Facebook account's user IP address that was deleted 3 months ago?
What is the idea of sharing news or website posts on Facebook with an instant power sign? Is that so that they can get loaded automatically and read instantly?
How do I target parents who have children with upcoming birthdays on Facebook ads?
Why do the majority of Millennials see invasive tech companies like Amazon, Google, Facebook, and Apple as their friends and want to kiss up to them?
Is Facebook News Feed a kind of runaway AI?
How can a minor monetize their Facebook pages?
How do I target people who visited a website’s page on Facebook Advert?
How do I change the color of my comments in Facebook?
What do the 5 dots appearing at the beginning of the Facebook Lite app mean? Does each dot represent any level of connection establishment?
Why doesn't Facebook provide the ad recall rate for campaigns with a reach objective?
How do I turn off Chrome desktop notifications for Facebook Messenger but not Facebook?
Why do suggested friends in Facebook appear even though you and that suggested person don’t have any mutual friends?
What are the best creative way to increase your presence on Facebook?
Which platform can help you to approach and acquire clients more effectively - Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, or Twitter?
How much time needs to pass so that Facebook will send all of your friends a notification that you posted something after a long time? Is it maybe 15 days?
How can I make humor/meme content go viral on social media?
What does the camera next to the phone with the green dot on Messenger keep blinking for?
What should I do if I want to work at Google or Facebook at any cost?
How do I delete all Messenger messages?
How can I reset my Facebook password without email?
How can I find the person who hacked my Facebook account?
How do I put my videos on Facebook to Flipagram?
Is there a secondhand selling/sharing group (Facebook group/community/store) in Halle, Brabant, Belgium?
Does mailing at security@Facebook.com works?
Can a tech company sell user's data to other's without adversing?
How do companies such as Google & Facebook hire for non-tech roles? Do they only work on referrals? Or is there something else which I am missing out?
What does it mean when Messenger suggested a non-friend for me to make a voice call with?
Where does Facebook get the external content such as news articles that appear in your news feed? Do external sources push or does FB pull the content?
What does (Request $request) mean in Laravel?
How do I know if my Facebook friends are not following me?
Is Facebook’s Senior Director level a grade 9?
How do I automatically add many friends on Facebook?
If I want to establish a Facebook page for homemade food any ideas of what should I name it And names for natural beauty products also?
After I was terminated, one of my old employees accessed my personal Facebook account via my old work computer. Can I sue?
What is the site to check everything I share on Facebook?
How could we fetch conversations from a deactivated account on Facebook?
How dangerous is Facebook newsfeed?
What is the best way of counting the number of words in a given Facebook group?
What results are required in order to get followers on Facebook?
How can I search my friends on Facebook?
What is one secret about Facebook?
Do your Facebook friends know what groups you join?
How do I find potential terrorists by analyzing their Facebook activity?
What is the best form of software to capture customer feedback from different, multiple sources, i.e. Twitter, Facebook, and other surveys? Does it exist?
What will happen if a rule is made to link your social account (Facebook, Twitter, Quora, etc.) to your Aadhaar card?
How do I export a long Facbook comment thread into an editable format for publication? (Keeping the same "look" as the thread has on Facebook)
What happens to all the data if a company like Facebook goes bankrupt tomorrow?
How can Amazon Affiliate Marketing be done on Facebook if my page audience is global?
How can I check whom my girlfriend has been talking with on Facebook?
Why would my ex boyfriend add me on Facebook?
What would be the problem if I'm having high CTR (+5%) and low conversions on Facebook ads?
What are the pros and cons if you make a habit of checking Facebook only once a day?
How can we increase our Facebook post likes?
Should I use a personal FB account for business marketing?
So many young girls baiting themselves on social networks. Why?
Do you know a website with a marketplace that lets people sell articles on their website/Facebook?
Why are Muslims who bash Modi like anything on Facebook so quiet on Quora?
What do IITians have to say about these lines floating on Facebook these days?
How can we get access to anyone's texts or Facebook account?
What does the thumbs up sticker in Facebook messenger mean?
Is Facebook News Feed a kind of runaway AI?
Why does Facebook show me "This feature isn't available to everyone right now" when I click the "How do I verify my page" link in the help center?
Will it ring if you call someone on Facebook Messenger if that someone is on a call?
Are they going to start charging for the use of Facebook by Saturday, May 27th?
Which is the post on Facebook from personal account containing maximum likes in the world?
How can I be completely offline while using messenger?
How do I stop using Facebook, WhatsApp, my phone and computer?
How can a memorialized account just have joined Facebook Messenger?
How​ do I ask a girl​ for​ casual​ sex on Facebook?
How can I increase my fan page's Like count to over 100k?
What should Google or Facebook users be willing to pay so that it would be more profitable to charge users directly vs collecting user data to target ads?
Why does Quora make me auto follow all my Facebook friends?
How do I get my email marketing subscribers to connect to my company's Facebook page legally?
What happens to the articles saved in Evernote and Pocket if the original page gets deleted?
Does Facebook messenger use data when you have wifi?
How can I make a post for “word of the day” for my Facebook group?
How can I get my Facebook back?
How do I know if I’m blocked on Messenger?
Is Messenger available in Spain?
Does the average Facebook/Google engineer make at least $300k?
Why do we use Facebook?
How can I retrieve my Facebook account from an old phone?
How can I make direct contact with Facebook help and support?
Where is Freeman Samson on Facebook?
Why am I getting "People you may know" friends suggetions on Facebook that are clearly in Arabic/Russian?
Is there any way to tell if someone has the Facebook app?
When will I know if someone can assist me in getting back my Gmail accounts & back into Facebook?
Are Facebook ads the best way to reach early adopters and users for a new app?
Is the war between Facebook and Snapchat a fake one?
What are the chances that Facebook will be blocked in the US?
How do I unblock a friend on Facebook who blocked me?
How can I promote a Facebook page using the Facebook ads manager?
Would it be possible if you deleted a Facebook conversation to get a copy of all the messages from the other user?
Did Facebook get rid of smart lists?
How is Mark Zuckerberg so good at learning?
Why am I getting topics in my news feed that I haven't selected?
Where can you view nude photos from Facebook?
How can you tell if you have been unfriended on Facebook?
How do I allow my Facebook friends know I'm on Instagram?
How can I see my wife’s FB messages?
Why is it that when you report a fake account on Facebook and the person uses a fake ID to bypass Facebook, it does not get disabled?
Can you see see how many people viewed a post or picture on your Facebook fan page, if it's not posted by you?
Will Facebook be interesting if I have no known friends?
How do I make a YouTube cover photo?
What are the proper dimensions for a FB live custom thumbnail?
How do I post a picture on messenger to my Android gallery?
How did Facebook provide security when they first started?
How do I make a "connect with Aadhaar" button for the purpose of signing up just like "connect with Google or Facebook"?
How do I find my Facebook contacts on Pinterest?
Did Facebook abandon the Groups app for iOS?
How important is it in 2017 to let users login to a new app via their Facebook account?
What could be the Facebook marketing strategy for an Elementary School?
How important is it to have a Facebook profile?
What are the best scientific magazines, blogs or Facebook pages in German?
Which books and websites do you suggest for studying for the Facebook data engineer interview?
Why doesn’t Quora provide an option of self-upvoting like Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, Instagram, or other social media?
How do I like a blocked Facebook image?
Why is Quora not as popular as Facebook, Instagram, and WhatsApp?
Will you like, your fan from Quora more than, a fan from Facebook?
Is every Google and Facebook employee extremely talented?
Is Facebook’s Graph API free?
How do I export the birthdays of my Facebook friends in my 'Close Friends' list to Google calendar (just the close friends list, not everyone)?
How can I get an e-mail address of a Facebook account that is hidden in its basic info on Facebook?
How do I create a memorable event on Facebook and Twitter?
Why can’t people mention me in comments on Facebook? They have tried using the @ sign as well. Facebook does suggest my name, but doesn't create a hyperlink.
Is it important for the Facebook profile to be old enough for filling up tutor profile at Chegg.com?
How do I login to my other Facebook account without writing my password on my phone?
Should I make my fitness app a Facebook Messenger app instead of a mobile app?
How can I hack someone’s WhatsApp account?
How did memes bring changes to Facebook?
How does Facebook implement endless scrolling in Android?
How can I get back into my Facebook account when I’ve done everything the help center asks and I still can't get in?
Does Buffer or Hootsuite post on LinkedIn, Facebook and Google+ groups at the same time?
Are the binary trade experts advertising on Facebook genuine? Do they trade on behalf of others or just go quiet after money is transferred to them?
How would a supplemental request look like if it's a friend fixing a car?
Does Chrisfield MD have a back page for escorts?
Who should I follow on Facebook in 2017?
How do I load pictures from Facebook to an Instagram file?
How do I show a certain page on Blogspot without a sidebar (for example, the privacy policy page)?
Are frameworks for quantisation of apotheosis like Quora, Facebook and Twitter the direction of future apps?
Why did my ex look me up on Facebook when he has a girlfriend?
On FB Messenger, some people's statuses say "active on messenger," but my friend's just says "Messenger." What does that mean?
How do I stop people suggestion on Facebook?
Is Chrome compatible with Facebook's Gameroom?
Have you seen good outcomes from Facebook ads, boosting ads/posts, and others?
Is Facebook really helpful and necessary for a CSE student?
How do I add other social network links to my Facebook bio?
How can I find out who posted a confession on Facebook?
How can I unlink an Instagram account that's not mine from Facebook?
Why does Facebook send me email about notification on my fake account where there is nothing to show?
Is there any way to block the ads from playing between Facebook videos?
How can I recover a forgotten Facebook email?
Is there a way to import Twitter followers into Facebook?
Messenger Day is not working on my phone. Why?
Is there a social network better than Lykup? https://lykup.com
Why is the degree of blue color in Facebook app is not the same degree in Messenger app?
How can I find out who's looking at my Facebook account that's not on my friend list?
If I'm searching my husband's profile and I see the same person in his friends list on Facebook, what's the reason?
How can I invite more than one Facebook friend to join a group?
Is it possible to trigger feeds from an external app to Facebook's user feed based on geography and without users subscribing to the feed itself?
If I make a video ad for Facebook and have 50 friends react to it via a link I send them, will that help somehow with the Facebook algorithm?
How do I find out who my girlfriend is chatting with on Facebook?
How can I find people (is there a search function) via Facebook or Instagram that are living in New York?
How many mobile application developers work on apps like Instagram, Telegram, Facebook, Airbnb, and WhatsApp?
How do I promote home business in Facebook?
How can we check our Messenger chat and calling history?
Is it distasteful to share your political opinion on Facebook and Instagram?
Which AI company is acquired by Facebook recently to grow its chatbot market against API.AI?
How many entities are there in the Nametests Facebook app, and what are they?
Why can't I send another friend request to a user who declined my first request?
If we make a picture that we are tagged in our profile picture on Facebook, will the existing likes add up to our profile picture?
Can I use Facebook’s public Niagara Falls images, or do they come under copyright?
Who liked BizWiser on Facebook?
How do I generate leads from Facebook, LinkedIn, etc. without using paid ads?
How can I change the privacy settings of my posts on Facebook so that the public can see them? Why can't I find the "Public" option anywhere in the privacy settings?
Does Facebook log comment deletions?
What is a good giveaway idea on Facebook for makeup products?
What is the use of a page ID on a Facebook page?
Why isn’t Mark Zukerburg the richest person, when he owns 24% of Facebook, which has a market cap of $433 billion?
What tool/script should I use to comment to all my sales posts on FB in order to bring them up?
How can I know the address of a person doing Facebook?
How can I use my Facebook group page to sell likes?
Is Facebook going to charge in the future?
How can I collect the materials of a project in one place to be available for the other members without using Facebook?
How do I create a culture of stop asking use case?
If blocked on Facebook, am I blocked on Messenger?
What does it mean when the little blue icon stays white with a check mark on Messenger?
Can anyone make money on Facebook?
What does it mean if my message request on Facebook is delivered - does that mean it has been accepted but just not read yet?
Why won’t Facebook Messenger let me unblock someone? Is there a limit on how many times you can block someone?
How do you decide what Facebook friends requests or suggestions to accept?
Should I discuss politics on Facebook?
Is it possible to trace someone's IP chatting on Facebook?
How does performance change with percent of lookalike change in Facebook audiences?
How can I re-publish my Facebook page with 900K followers? I've already sent an appeal, but it was denied.
Is there any Indian who did an internship in Google/Facebook/MS/etc after their sophomore year of engineering?
How could someone bring Google or Facebook down? And I mean down for good, not only with hacks!
How much money do I have to spend on Facebook ads to get 1,000 views on my website?
Why do people like common pictures as opposed to glamorous or more meaningful pictures on Facebook?
How do people in Google see Google engineers using Facebook in office hours?
Does the admin of a Facebook page get to know that I invited people to like his page?
From the daily, weekly and 28 days data that Facebook provides, which one would be more relevant for my monthly Facebook page performance report?
Can I hire someone to make me famous on Instagram or Facebook? If yes, then how do I find them?
A friend started popping my chat bar, I didnt check her profile or messaged her, Does that mean that mean she checked my profile?
Why does the ZenPad 10 distort Facebook Live videos, and how do I fix it?
What are your thoughts on Facebook advertising?
What is the site to check everything I share on Facebook?
How dangerous is Facebook newsfeed?
How do you stop getting notifications for other peoples' status and location updates on Facebook?
Why don’t I get likes on Facebook?
How do you prevent someone from accessing your email?
How can we generate more traffic from Facebook?
How do I know when my friends come online on Facebook’s new version (89.0)?
Was there a need for a "Like" button in Facebook?
How likely is it that Facebook and WhatsApp will be blocked by ISPs?
In WordTornado, in the game room on Facebook, how do I type the letters instead of dragging them when I am on my laptop?
How can you delete your inbox messages on Facebook?
Does anyone post little things (articles, comments and such) on certain people’s Facebook pages just to get a reaction?
Can others tag my name even though I deactivated my Facebook?
How can I delete my Messenger account created with my mobile phone?
How does machine learning improve advertising in Facebook in terms of revenue, CTR and/or average dwell time?
What is the best course to learn Facebook Ads?
When will there be more dead people on Facebook than living ones?
How do I use the same WebHook for multiple messenger apps/bots?
Do WhatsApp and Facebook play an important role in the IITJEE cutoff every year?
How do I create a blog in a group as my business Facebook page?
When someone is showing activity on Messenger, does it mean they are chatting?
How do I see a sent request?
Should I post my drawings on Facebook?
After the checkpoint ID verification, Facebook logs me into a new empty account. I have two accounts with one email. How does this happen?
Does the League of Legends API give Facebook basic information associated with a player?
How do I make best use of Facebook?
Do media organisations receive any revenue from Facebook/Twitter for providing them with a newsfeed?
Why are some mobile app updates kilobytes in size, while others, specifically Facebook, are upwards of 35MB with almost every update they push out?
Is a Facebook account necessary to open an Instagram account?
Why doesn't Quora ban all Facebook users?
What is the best way to advertise music on Facebook?
Someone I know posted pictures of me on Facebook. What can I do about it? Facebook has not responded to my complaints about this. Who polices FB?
Is it possible for a software engineer to retrieve Facebook deleted messages?
How can you tell if someone is on a call on Facebook Messenger?
How do I create a Facebook account without getting disabled again and again?
Do you have to be Facebook friends with someone in order to Facebook message them?
How can I find who I have friended on Facebook?
How can I determine what to use for my Facebook or LinkedIn profile?
Can you login to your Instagram business account with a linked Facebook account if you forget your password?
When do you think Facebook will launch its augmented reality social platform?
I was denied access to a site saying account service was limited. The message was from siteground. What should I do?
Which website carries the most current information on Facebook marketing?
When someone posts something to your general feed on Facebook, can you hide that post but let the person who posted it still see it?
How can I prevent my Facebook avatar from showing up in the comment sections of websites and blogs I'm not connected to?
When did you realize that Facebook is a waste of time?
How do change username of Instagram in Facebook?
Why do people use Instagram? Is it better than Facebook?
How much data is consumed in a video call via Facebook Messenger?
How do I go to my Facebook archive?
How do I know how many followers a company has on Facebook?
How do I create a photo uploading website?
How can I stop getting unfavorable posts in my Facebook newsfeed from my friends?
Why do people like a person's post on Facebook even when his state of mind is totally disturbed?
What is another online tool to discover popular news/viral news, other than Facebook Signal? Signal only opens for US journalists.
Why do people air their bad feelings towards a friend or relative on Facebook?
How can I view an old message from Facebook that I already deleted?
Why are some photos invisible in Facebook albums?
Is it possible to track your IP address or location from a Facebook comment? Can my location be tracked via comments I've made on Facebook posts?
How has Facebook's company culture scaled with growth?
Can someone be active on Messenger but have the active time stamp show they are not active?
What does a social network have to have to become successful?
Why do phone manufacturers not allow Facebook Live videos to be filmed in the horizontal format?
How do I transition a viral content Facebook page to a business direction?
How does Facebook’s 360 degree camera work?
How are your Facebook friends, family and acquaintances demanding?
Can I get my BSNL number back if I used that number 2 years ago? I urgently need that number to get back my email, Facebook, etc.
How could they create Facebook?
How do designers at Facebook feel about being asked to blatantly copy the UI and product mechanics of Snapchat?
How can I access the Facebook account of someone using my WiFi?
Can we follow a post on Facebook without becoming friends?
Where are the best places to promote your B2B content outside of LinkedIn, Twitter, Quora, Google+, and Facebook?
Do I get calls from Facebook Ads?
What email address is Jules Bonnot’s Facebook account linked to?
What naming conventions does Facebook use for its database? Why?
It has been a month since I used Facebook and WhatsApp. Will this have any effect on me?
Can I receive a notification on Facebook via my phone that someone has sent me a message, but did not use Messenger?
Why is it in Facebook groups regular members and some new ones are able to join the conversation easily while some others are met with silence?
How do big companies like Google, Facebook, and Amazon generate test data?
What are the benefits of Facebook Live for businesses?
How Facebook valuation is done?
Facebook and Instagram's new algorithms make social marketing impossible without money. What's the next frontier of free social marketing?
How can we disrupt Facebook, Snapchat, Instagram, and Twitter?
Are you using Facebook or any other apps or web contents in your native language and how matured is the language on internet?
Can you trust Facebook's data?
What is the best free Facebook bot to boost engagement?
How do I find out what the highest rated place is that I visited on Foursquare?
How can alcohol brands like Jack Daniels advertise their products on Facebook?
Someone is using my photo and created a fake Facebook account. What should I do?
I need to access all Facebook business pages in an area and get its likes, comments etc for my app. How can I do it?
How do you spot a fake Facebook email?
How can I get into someone else's Facebook?
Why is the Internet gamified to be fundamentally inauthentic while conditioning us to be narcissists rather than adding educational value to the web?
How do I get enough response from Facebook users who are intended to study abroad?
How much time needs to pass so that Facebook will send all of your friends a notification that you posted something after a long time? Is it maybe 15 days?
How do you send and recieve hidden messages on Facebook?
Why does my friend tag me on Facebook by replying to a random comment on the post instead of just tagging me by commenting on the post directly?
How do developers use Redux in Facebook?
Are Instagram and Facebook harmful to teens?
How can I get a new “who liked” activity log (all in one/counted by numbers) on my old Instagram account?
How do I make a new temporary account on Facebook while having my main account blocked for some time due to violation of rules?
Are affiliate links accepted for paid ads on Facebook, Google and other search engines?
Can I bring down Facebook accounts with DDoS?
If a fake Facebook account has been created in my name, then what should I do?
Who is the most popular person on Facebook?
Is it possible to make money through troll pages / Facebook troll pages?
Can depression patients sue Facebook?
How can I show offline on FB Messenger but still be online?
How does Facebook know if the person is alive or dead? How is it sharing the memories message of a person if he's dead?
Is it just a coincidence that Mark Zuckerberg created a system of manipulating the population just like his grandfather did?
How do I flower react on Facebook?
What is the most effective source of traffic apart from Facebook?
What does the Facebook app Katana do?
How many of you feel that Instagram, Snapchat and Facebook have robbed you of our ability to live in the moment and make memories with loved ones?
Why do the majority of Millennials see invasive tech companies like Amazon, Google, Facebook, and Apple as their friends and want to kiss up to them?
How do I target people who visited a website’s page on Facebook Advert?
How is it that a successful Facebook ad will run really well for a while and suddenly dive, producing hardly anything?
What do interns at Facebook wear?
How is Facebook Marketplace doing compared to Craigslist (May 2017)?
How do I meet someone at Facebook who can help with my unpublished page?
How can I target leads on Facebook? Do I need to create a page for the business?
How much can a person earn if he has more than 10,000 likes on his Facebook page?
I have my Facebook account scheduled for permanent deletion . Is there anyway I can log into messenger without pushing my deletion date back?
Can we influence teenagers to use Quora rather than wasting time on Instagram and Facebook?
What are the best creative way to increase your presence on Facebook?
How do I show no friends on my time page?
Does YouTube video View count include views from Facebook shares and website embeds?
How can I see what date two people became friends on Facebook when only one is my friend?
What are Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube's target audiences for Googly Balloon Game?
What is a graceful way to delete my Facebook when others enjoy following my pages?
How do you reset a forgotten password and email on Facebook?
How I can follow my Facebook's friends here?
Why do some developers at very large tech companies like Google and Facebook write poor software?
Why do social media sites like Facebook and Pinterest allow users to download images while they have no copyright?
What are some of the Facebook tricks only coders can do?
Why do the Japanese seem to take a long time to warm up to new technology (e.g. Facebook, etc.)?
Which social media site is a major competitor to Facebook?
How does Facebook know who my associates are?
What does 40m mean, when it’s next to a name on Facebook?
Can I block or filter words on Facebook reviews?
Why would Facebook use SurveyMonkey when it already has a giant user base to send surveys to?
Should Facebook take down its live feature entirely after people have uploaded killings and suicides (and other atrocious acts I don't need to mention)?
Why is my Messenger app gray instead of blue?
How was Facebook made?
What version of the Tim Farron and voter story (4/5/17) is on your Facebook feed?
Have you ever reached a customer service representative with Facebook, for help with your Facebook business page?
When you block someone on Facebook, can you still see the profile of the person he/she is in a relationship with (on mobile)?
What is the code base for Facebook?
Does a human validate LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter profiles of a Quoran, before giving verified badges?
Why is a friend always stalking me on Facebook but rarely likes my posts?
What are the simplest tools for automated Facebook/Instagram ad campaigns? I know of Hootsuite, etc., but they seem to be overkill and complicated.
How do I respond if someone spells something wrong in their comment on Facebook?
Facebook was created as a desktop version and uses a MySQL database, then they made a phone version (iOS, Android). How do they use the MySQL database in iOS or Android to recognize their users?
Does FB Messenger also have a hidden status folder like WhatsApp’s?
Should I open my girlfriend’s FB account?
Why does Facebook create Instagram accounts for people that have not given their consent and who are unaware?
How can I get auto likes on my Facebook page likes, like 500?
How can you send a message to someone's inbox on Facebook?
Why is Amazon and Facebook going out of business?
With Facebook crossing more than a billion users, is it possible for a new startup to compete and win against Facebook?
Why is Facebook not allowed to use in China?
Which programming languages were used to create Quora, Facebook, Paytm, Flipkart, Amazon, Twitter and Gmail respectively?
How do we understand the context collapse in Facebook?
Do you get notified when someone reacts to your message on faceboook? Do you get a notification when somebody else reacts to an old msg on Facebook?
Is there any software to hack Facebook (include illegal ways)?
Where do I find information or someone with experience on how to migrate a personal FB profile to a business profile page?
Why can't I see my photos and friends’ photos on Instagram and Facebook?
Why doesn't Facebook allow me to download my data to my app easily?
Was Facebook's beloved purple flower emoji only for Mother’s Day? Why? Why did they remove it?
If some people blocked me on FB Messenger, can I block them, too?
How can I recover my Instagram account which is not linked to Facebook?
How do I write great content for my fan page?
What does (Request $request) mean in Laravel?
Do Periscope and Facebook give an advantage to people to talk about anything they want indirectly rather than face to face?
How do I report Facebook hackers?
How do I embed an entire Facebook album to my website?
Is Software Engineering at Amazon much different from Facebook?
What’s the most unique way to find socially influential students?
Is it possible to create a Facebook page that searches and posts content by itself using Machine Learning or Deep Learning?
What happened to the Facebook Affinity Score?
What would be the best way to submit an idea to Facebook executives in order for it to have a good chance of being implemented by Facebook?
How do I change a welcome message on meetup.com? The help page does not reflect the options available on the page.
Is Facebook necessary for daily life?
Are there any survey tools that allow to grasp Facebook likes?
Were can I find one of Facebook’s media partners?
Can I change the emoji if someone has blocked me from Facebook Messenger?
How long does Facebook keep the details (such as IP address, etc.) of a deleted Facebook account?
Can I use the same bot that I use for my Facebook page to mine in-app Salesforce-powered chat?
Can I talk to somebody in Hong Kong using Facebook Messenger?
What are the reasons why I should switch to Google Allo instead of Facebook Messenger?
Why can't I get an email confirmation in order to change my email address on Facebook?
How can I use Facebook from the USA while in India?
How can I join you on Facebook?
How do companies like Google, Yahoo, Facebook, etc. store data so that the data is preserved even after their storage drives crash/fail?
Should India ban Google & Facebook?
Which one is more addictive: Quora or Facebook?
How can I make my Facebook impressive?
How does "trusted accounts" security on Facebook work?
Could I get reward points from sending money to another person on Facebook on my credit card?
How can one trace a Facebook account even if the phone being used is offline?
Why do my friends and family get more likes on Facebook than me?
Is the "last used date," for apps on Facebook really accurate?
How is the monopolization of the Internet by Google, Facebook, and Amazon destructive?
Why do random people on Facebook have thousands of followers?
Will you join Facebook if you joined Quora first?
Will I get in trouble for hacking myself on Facebook/Twitter/Quora?
In a Facebook post, someone referred to Obama as Diaper Boy. What is that?
Why will Facebook be blocked once net neutrality is gone?
Is there a way to embed YouTube videos in Facebook that will autoplay?
A friend asked me to meet after the exam, but when I called her afterwards she didn't answer and blocked me on Facebook. What could have happened?
Can I get another email address on the same account for my Facebook account?
What would happen if it is compulsory and a must for everyone to own a Facebook account?
Can “actual reach achieved” on Facebook Business Manager be more than the “potential reach”?
How do I target sons/daughters on Facebook?
How do I know the top influencers in Facebook in tech niche?
What does a small green light next to a phone icon on a person’s Messenger page mean?
How do Facebook page admins earn money?
Can I see chats from someone that's not my friend?
How could I find out the cost of a Facebook ad campaign that could reach 140,000 Facebook users in 1 year?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked “How am I doing?” and I responded “Great.” with a smile. What's wrong with that?
Is there a way by which I can delete all my previous content in my Facebook account?
How do I get a blue tick mark on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram?
Why do we waste our time on social media?
What is the "username" feature for a Facebook page?
Why should one stop using Facebook and Instagram?
How do I find a friend’s Facebook username using their user ID number? Please be explicit.
How do I be famous in Facebook? And get a lot of followers?
What are the pros and cons of being a friend of your lover on Facebook?
How can I add a Facebook close friend and family list as a shortcut?
How do you see a blocked page on IG?
Does Facebook still load old messages, when added into a group chat?
When will Facebook decide to deprecate stories?
Do you think spending too much time on Facebook can make you envious of others?
Is there a jailbreak tweak on iPhone to remove Facebook app news feed?
How do I create Facebook app like this?
How do I change my friend’s profile pic on any of his accounts (Gmail, Facebook, or WhatsApp) without using his password or knowledge - just for fun?
What would a guy think about a girl when she adds him on Facebook after they met only once?
Can I find friends in Facebook via their phone numbers?
What other reaction emojis would you want Facebook to introduce?
What is the best Facebook auto-like software?
Where can you view photos removed from Facebook and Snapchat?
Is Quora's marketing team not as good as Facebook's marketing team?
Does Facebook try to limit the visibility of posts that contain complaints/grievances about Facebook?
I have a friend request notification on Facebook. How do I find out who the person is who sent the request?
How did Facebook gain new users in the early days?
Which is the best FB status for a selfie?
Did Mark Zuckerberg really need the 1B to invent/make Facebook, or could he have done it with, say, £1000?
Why am I getting duplicate Facebook icons on my phone?
How do I make Facebook trust my account and enable the postpaid ads for me?
Is it possible to use old versions of social media websites such as, LinkedIn or Facebook?
How should I go about recruiting people to help run my 18+ Facebook group?
Does Facebook control which comments I see? The top comments below the popular posts always seem to agree with my political views, and that's worrying.
Would Facebook get rid of its group feature?
Can I share a video from Facebook to WhatsApp directly?
What are the chances Google or Facebook would hire a foreigner?
Is Facebook tracking WhatsApp messages or getting search tracking from Google?
Are there any restrictions for advertising an Amazon listing through Facebook ads on either end?
Does Facebook show the phone number which you have for account verification purposes?
Why are Indians not able to build a successful and popular social media website like Facebook, Twitter, Myspace, LinkedIn, Quora and many more that have millions of users?
Why do internet providers want to block Facebook once net neutrality is gone in the US?
I am getting too many fake profile requests on Facebook since February, 2017. Is anybody else facing the same?
How do I put a text notification on my Instagram and Facebook pages?
What actually is Facebook's Flow? What does it help with?
How do I get 5000 Facebook friend requests in one day?
How much money would Facebook lose for a 10 minute shutdown?
Is there currently a US Army base in Accra, Africa? I have received a Facebook offer of romance saying that he is currently serving there.
What should I say to a girl on Facebook who is asking for my "exact" address (which I don't want to share) without hurting her?
Is Facebook Live better than Periscope?
Does the Facebook website use the same JSON responses as the app? On the website do they render all their pages on the client side?
How do I find influencers for cosmetics in Instagram and Facebook?
How can I hide my likes and comments from friends' news feed?
Who is Wornies? Why am I seeing Wornies in almost every Facebook post?
How do I get a reply from a girl on FB chat?
Will Amazon/Google/Facebook ever be overtaken by similar companies or are they permanent superpowers?
What is your opinion regarding the current quarterly results of Facebook Q1FY17?
How can one generate leads through Instagram and Facebook?
Can we (humans) expect a good life and living without social networking sites like Facebook, Twitter, Quora, WhatsApp and more?
How do I restore my old Facebook account if I forgot my password and email address?
Do people care about "likes" on their posts on social networks, like Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, etc.?
Facebook is hiring 3,000 to review videos of crime and suicide. Would you consider applying for this type of job and if yes, how would you cope?
In Facebook ads, can we target company names or company CEOs?
What is the current ballpark developer rates for simple Facebook Messenger Chatbots?
Can the police interrogate me over a post on Facebook about constitutional rights in America?
How can you tell if someone has deleted Messenger?
Is it awkward to send friend requests to your future classmates after you get into and commit to your dream university?
Why is there partiality on Facebook?
What do photos look like in Facebook data downloads?
Is it hard to be hired by Facebook?
How do I see all likers (people who have liked a page) on Facebook?
What will happen if I delete my Gmail account? Will it delete everything that I used my Gmail on like Facebook or sites that I put my Gmail in?
How can I remove a comment on Facebook?
Do Korean people change their Facebook profie picture in support of President Moon?
Will this Facebook advertisement be less expensive if I remove the "sign up" button?
If someone deactivates his account on Facebook, then will his number be visible to his friends?
How do I secure my Facebook account when someone reports me?
How much time do Facebook take for account verification?
How can I find a holiday destination based on a Facebook profile?
What is better: to let guests know who are the other guests of a party or not letting them know that in advance?
After I was terminated, one of my old employees accessed my personal Facebook account via my old work computer. Can I sue?
I saw a girl on Facebook and was intrigued by her. I sent a friend request and also messaged her, saying she looks great. Is this how to approach people on Facebook?
How can I turn all my Facebook requests into followers?
How do I know if someone is on their phone through Messenger?
Do Facebook friends receive my posts?
If someone blocked me, but I don't block them, can they still see my timeline?
How would you know if your call had been rejected on Facebook Messenger?
What do the numbers on a Snapchat profile mean and how do they increase?
What's the best way to auto-post to a Facebook buy/sell group?
How does someone hide their green dot on Messenger, but still say active now?
How much stock have Facebook employees received as of 2010?
Are Facebook users narcissistic?
How can I get my pic deleted from Facebook?
What is the average click per impression for Facebook ads?
What are best marketing models for video tagging applications like Facebook photo tagging which you can tag people in a video?
What can I use instead of Facebook?
What does circle with tick mean in messenger?
What was Mark Zukerberg, Evan Spigel and Jack Dorsey’s salary at the founding stages of their companies?
Considering the role social media has played in spreading political news lately, would Mark Zuckerberg have an unfair advantage if he ran for office?
How do I fathom if a Facebook phone interview went good or bad?
My mum constantly posts photos of me on Facebook, how can I get her to stop? I'm sixteen and I've tried telling her to stop but she won't.
What is Facebook's Jest project?
Is there a way to download a video from Facebook which have been removed?
Can I make a Facebook Live video in a public area?
If you block a friend on Facebook, can they still see your page?
How do I remove email suggestion on Facebook log in on my phone?
What do you think about Facebook Messenger?
What is the song used in Facebook's birthday recall videos?
What are some websites like Facebook that gives users an option to upload their government id?
Can someone see if you've deleted the Messenger app?
How do you receive Facebook messages on an Android without letting the sender get a blue circle (the one before “seen”)?
How much should I charge to manage an Instagram and a Facebook page?
How do I increase a Facebook fan page’s organic likes?
How do I save campaigns in Facebook Ads Manager?
How can I take down a fake Facebook profile? It is harrassing me and I'm isolated and depressed.
Can I see whether someone views my Facebook account a lot?
Is there anyone on Quora who uses Facebook frequently but still maintains a good code of conduct throughout his day?
What would happen if Facebook removed or hid the contact button from the Messenger app?
How do I stop showing videos you may like on Facebook?
How do you access secret Facebook groups?
How can I grow my Facebook fan page without getting blocked, considering the Facebook restrictions?
What are the pulsing rings around the video chat in Messenger?
Does Facebook have a program to support startups building products in its ecosystem?
Why does it show that someone is active on Facebook Messenger when I'm not even Facebook friends with them?
How can I make Google photos my default download location for Chrome, Facebook and Twitter photos?
How do I turn off the message preview from the Facebook Messenger app in iOS 10.3?
How can I earn from my Facebook page if I have 5000+ likes?
How can I play Clash of Clans in Facebook?
Can anyone use my Facebook account with the correct password without me getting any notifications on my account?
Facebook is available in 11 Indian languages, but I still don't see much use of it. Why don’t people use their native language on Facebook?
What are the major technologies being used in tech giants like Google and Facebook? I am from a programming background and currently working for Wipro.
Is it possible to fetch other users’ data from Tumblr?
How do I gain access to a Facebook account that I have personal information on but no password?
How do I pass username and password of Facebook in URL?
How do you hide groups on Facebook?
How do I respond to the question “Do I know you?” on Facebook?
Is Facebook’s Senior Director level a grade 9?
Is posting a photo with a celebrity a violation of Facebook community standards, especially when they agreed to be photoed but are unaware of its use?
What should I comment on my boyfriend's photo on Facebook?
Is it true that Facebook earns more money by advertisement rather than through its application and products?
Why does Facebook allow livestreaming?
What does Facebook actually do when I mark that I ignored a friend request because I don't know that person?
How do I search for someone who is not on Facebook or Google?
How can I see who viewed my Vkontakte photo?
Whar are some popular Facebook pages or websites which post facts about different languages?
Can you tell if someone visits your Facebook profile?
How does Facebook determine what percentage of a user's news feed is ads vs. organic stories?
How many people post their shopping queries on Facebook?
Do companies like Facebook, Google and Amazon require university degrees for web developers?
Can I invite followers on my personal Facebook account to like my business page?
What is the best alternative to Facebook & Instagram?
Why are my favorites not showing up in Facebook Messenger?
How do I make it to the Big Four as a software developer?
Why do Facebook introduced and then reverted the thankful reaction?
Facebook has suggested my ex in People you May Know. Should I send her a request?
When browsing to my friend’s post in Facebook it has 78 likes and 1 share on the bottom. How can I find out who shared it?
Are Facebook and Instagram statistics about a promoted post really true?
What percent of Indians are busy on FB?
How do I respond to a plan in Facebook Messenger?
Is there an API for recent Facebook page likes that I can implement into a live stream?
Do my friends know if I look at someone's Facebook from my friend's Facebook account?
Why do we Indians always talk about love, like love story movies, in WhatsApp and Facebook statuses?
Where can you see the date of when you were blocked by a person on Facebook?
Patanjali are promoting their products on Facebook and YouTube, etc. which are platforms run by foreign companies. Doesn’t that go against their Swadeshi movement?
Can I get on Facebook without anyone knowing?
How do I find all the Facebook groups in my city?
Are these Facebook apps unsafe?
How do the top 6 friends on your Facebook profile work?
Where can I buy 'real' US Facebook fans?
How can I use Graph API to get Facebook profile data using Python, R, Flume, and Spark?
How do I read somebody else's messages on Facebook with out them knowing?
How do I see other people’s messages on Messenger?
How can I make 2 Instagram accounts with one Facebook account?
What is the difference between Facebook addicts and Quora addicts?
Can I have a FB page with no one knowing about it?
How do we scale our current 13 Adsets Facebook (13 ads) targeting the same audience optimized by FB?
How do I edit my comment below a post on Facebook, but have it show as the original comment and not an edit?
Are the statistics on Facebook and Instagram about promoted post authentic?
How do I search content on Facebook?
Can I find a person on Facebook if I have an email address?
How does Facebook determine whether solid or gradient backgrounds are available for status updates and when?
Can I reset my password on IG if I forgot my email account and my phone number indicated on it doesn't exist?
Every time I run an ad on my Facebook Page, organic reach on regular posts plummet, and they do not normalize for a week. Why is this happening?
Why is my CPC on Facebook rising while my audience is not even half saturated?
Should I only run my Facebook ad during the hours most conversions occur?
Is it mandatory to have an FB account for a Quora user provided I do not have accounts in Facebook or Twitter?Is it stupid of me for not having so?
Did you start to visit Facebook less after you discovered Quora?
Is moving away from payments to pure ads a good strategy for Facebook Messenger?
How can I see who my girlfriend is talking to when using messenger and private messenger?
Why do Facebook friends who have deleted their accounts stay in your account?
What configuration is Mark Zuckerberg using as a primary development machine?
How did Jessica Su prepare for her interview at Facebook?
If it could be proven without a doubt that there is no God (for lack of a better word), what would happen?
Can I download 2 Facebook app?
How can I reset my Facebook password if I do not have the registered mobile number?
What is the meaning of “hmm” in messenger?
Do people use WhatsApp in Switzerland?
Would you find it worse to be blocked on Facebook or unfriended?
Why can't Facebook allow more than 5000 friends?
I have deactivated my Facebook account. I did this on my phone. But I can still log back in. Does this mean my account is not deleted properly?
How do I go from ‘connected on FB Messenger’ to ‘click here to invite’?
Someone is sharing pictures of my friend with a fake Facebook ID. How can we report it to Facebook and how can we trace that person?
Which are the best Facebook pages from Tamil Nadu, which will make you occupied?
Is it better to use the Instagram or Facebook advertising platform to get a higher install rate of a mobile app?
Will there be an end for Facebook news feed or Quora feed?
Why is it that I can talk on my phone about something, and within a couple of days, see some ads for it sent to me on Facebook?
What are the benefits of Facebook?
Didn't Facebook realize that implementing the story feature in all their apps will just divide their users?
How do I log into my Facebook account if I don't know my password or the password to the email I signed in with?
What is the best social media platform to gauge public sentiment: Twitter, Facebook, or Quora?
How do you find customers in Canada on Facebook?
Are the images sent over FB secure?
How do I prevent my Facebook fan page from getting unpublished after merging?
Why doesn't Facebook come up with (write) its own operating system?
Do you believe health should be free like Quora, Facebook, and Wikipedia?
Why does the camera on Facebook Messenger have circles around it, sometimes?
Is there an app to know who sends invites to my Facebook?
In the U.S., is it criminal to create a fake Facebook account and obtain nudes?
How do I recover my Facebook account for which I know the email address?
What will happen to Facebook and WhatsApp in June?
How do I find links of engineering students Facebook groups in any American universities?
How can I edit a Facebook post?
Does Facebook allow two accounts of yours, both with real name and correct info?
How are Facebook landing pages created?
How do I change my birth date on my Facebook profile?
Do Facebook, Spotify and other big tech companies use BitTorrent, and if so, in what way?
How good is Facebook marketplace for selling used electronics?
Do you feel that Facebook causes issues with cell phones not working properly?
Why did Facebook page posts organic reach decrease a lot starting April 2017?
If a person does not have Messenger and is not my friend on Facebook, how will they see my message?
What happens to your Facebook account if you pass away?
If two people block each other on Facebook, how can it be undone?
What will be the impact if Quora had emotions like Facebook/WhatsApp instead of upvotes (with features such as like, wow, smile, etc)?
Can I earn through Facebook pages?
How do I have a Facebook account that is free from political posts?
Is it true that you can request a copy of the file the FBI has on you by sending them a letter?
How is Facebook gaining ground in the display advertising market?
Why doesn't Facebook show me my likes?
How can I send friend request to the CEO of Facebook Mark Zuckerberg?
How do I discover my friends’ activity on Facebook?
How visible are Facebook posts set to "friends only"? Can employers find them?
Where can I find Facebook coupons (50$) for cheap prices?
How can I reclaim my company's business Facebook page?
Why do some words on my Facebook page look like this ⵜⴰⵣⵡⵓⵔⵜ when I sign in from Chrome or Edge?
How can I find out if one of my friend on friend list has more than one number?
Can someone possibly get a notification if Iook at their Facebook a lot on my account?
Do China and Russia have their own version of Facebook?
How can I find similar Facebook Fanpages (free tool)?
Why do celebrities and others choose to use Twitter more than Facebook to share ideas and other content?
How different is Facebook Android app compared with other native apps?
Is a person blocked on Facebook Messenger blocked on Facebook, too?
How can I access my ex girlfriends Facebook from my iPhone when she is in a different state?
Why are the Carousel images getting blurred on Facebook? The dimensions are above 600x600.
How I can undo my deleted chats on Facebook?
Where do I view my friend list?
Can I add friends of my friend on Facebook? What does he/she actually think?
When Facebook disables an account, does it ban the account or that person? And are those users allowed to create a new account?
Is there any IPM aspirant I could get in contact with via Facebook or any other means?
Why don't Quora have auto translate like Facebook or Google?
How long would it take to scroll through Facebook feed if you were friends with every user?
Are we allowed to add teachers we had on Facebook and speak to them?
Do you think Discord has the potential to transform into a large social network?
How many followers do I need to attract adverts for my Facebook page?
What Social media sites to use instead of Facebook for daily usage?
Why don't Indian boys make American girlfriends through Facebook?
Can Facebook be replaced?
Why does Quora allow users to have a different name from their Facebook accounts?
What are “autolikes” in Facebook?
Why can't I see the details of someone who is not my friend and who was last active on Messenger?
Is social media like Facebook good for your own development?
How can I send a request to a person on FB, when it keeps on showing 'send request to known person only' but I know that person?
Does the FCC regulate the Facebook videos?
Facebook has around 2 billion users. Why are they still doing marketing via ads? Do they really need any advertisement, as every child knows about them?
Is there any app for Facebook that when a specific person​ comes online I get notified​?
What will happen if my old Gmail ID is linked to my Facebook account, and I deleted it?
Is it illegal to use someone’s wedding video that you shoot for marketing purposes on FaceBook/YouTube?
Why is there no Swadesi website similar to Google or Facebook in India?
How can I stop or mute a Facebook video embedded via JavaScript SDK on my own page (my page is in my own domain)?
How do you activate a disabled account?
How do I recover my deleted Facebook messages?
How one can gain Facebook page likes?
What is meant by "you have a friend suggestion”?
Does Facebook pay for its users to create a page or a group? If yes, then how much?
What does a Facebook ID with a -0 after it signify?
How can I find out if my wife is cheating, with Facebook and chat lines?
Why won't Facebook or forum sites be blocked without net neutrality?
Some parts of the conversation disappear from the Facebook group chat. Why is this happening?
Can Mark Zuckerberg read celebrities' Facebook chats?
Why am I being asked to add someone to a Facebook group?
How do I guess if a data engineer phone interview for Facebook went good or bad?
Why does a narcissist man make his Facebook profile public then go private?
What is the official abbreviation for Facebook Instant Articles? FIA or FBIA?
What app has full page advertisements that pop up at random? The ads almost always lead to company Facebook pages. It does not show up in scans.
How can I transfer a Facebook session from my iOS device to somewhere else?
How can you call somebody through Messenger if you are not friends?
If 2 Facebook accounts have been deleted permanently, then what will happen to the chat conversations, including photos, between those 2 accounts?
How much do I need to spend to get 10,000 likes on my Facebook page?
Is it possible to change the SMS content of Facebook Account Kit?
What are the best comments for a mother’s profile?
Do people hack Facebook or Google to fix bugs? Or is there any other way to fix it legally?
What are the characteristics of passive aggressive Facebook posts?
Facebook Ads: what interest group would be best for people that have recently purchased a TV and may need installation? It's so broad.
What is the basic difference between Facebook and other social sites which makes Facebook very much popular and others not?
What would be viable antitrust strategies against Facebook and Google becoming/already being a digital advertising duopoly?
How do I delete archived messages (chat logs) on Facebook?
How can I open a Facebook Chapter at my university?
Is Facebook down right now May 25, 2017?
Why would a good guy friend block me from Facebook? I've known him 20 years.
Is there a way, in 2017, to import Facebook comments (from a blog post with Facebook comments) to the original WordPress comment system or Disqus?
How can you see how long someone has been friends on Facebook?
Which is the best free Facebook lead management software?
How do I know if someone I am not friends with on Facebook received my message on Messenger?
How do I make payments for Facebook sponsored posts through Paytm?
What did Facebook & Snapchat do in its first 12 months for marketing and user acquisition?
Can I recover a deleted Facebook chat?
Would you have had the foresight to join Facebook if Mark Zuckerberg approached you and asked you to help him create the world's largest social media platform?
What is Facebook's core competency?
How is game theory used in real life applications by tech-companies such as Google, Facebook, Amazon, Microsoft and others?
Is there a tutorial for making a Facebook chat bot triggered by a page's post comments?
How many people use Facebook in Turkiye?
If celebrities don’t have personal Facebook accounts, how do they have a Facebook page?
If somebody hacked my Facebook and ended the log in session afterwards, would their log in still show up in my archive?
Can I download all of my Messenger information?
What would happen if Snapchat integrated Facebook login?
Is YouTube live feature copied from Facebook live?
When did Facebook become irrelevant?
The OBC NCL certificate prescribed by IIT has two pages. At the time of uploading the documents, do I have to upload both pages?
What is this ad on Facebook for?
Does Mark Zuckerberg's mom tell him to concentrate on Facebook?
If you just launched Facebook events 2.0, what metrics would you collect and how would you know if the launch was a success?
Is it advisable to combine a personal Facebook account with a business one?
Who pays for posts on Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, etc?
Are you friends with Tyler Garman Art on Facebook?
Would you have invested in Facebook in 2004?
What makes someone choose one form of direct messaging over another? For example, why choose Facebook Messenger, Instagram Direct, Snap Direct, or WhatsApp?
Have you heard about minds.com?
Why do women accept friend requests from men on Facebook and then don't want to chat with them?
Can Quora be an alternative to Facebook and Twitter for students?
Why is Facebook going to be banned in the US?
How do you go from being connected on Messenger to saying ‘click here to invite’?
Does Facebook or any other social media site monitor our everyday life?
How do you place a countdown clock on a Facebook page?
How can I get more GoFundMe page views? I have shared with all Facebook friends and Twitter.
Who approves Facebook ads: Bots or humans?
Are all the stories on Facebook about human trafficking near misses real or fake?
Can I earn money through Facebook?
Does Balaji Viswanathan have a Facebook account?
Who has my girlfriend recently added on Facebook?
What does Facebook not monetise shopping on the platform through commission like Amazon does?
How many accounts has Facebook disabled?
Can I make a truly 'public' Facebook live (see details)?
What is the eligibility criteria for getting off campus placement in Google, Facebook and Microsoft?
How do the companies like Google and Facebook recruit, and how can you know their exam dates?
This girl I have a crush on accepted my Facebook friend request only about 2 hours after I sent it. Does that mean she likes me?
How can Facebook choose people to show you in 'people you may know'?
What are the technical reasons behind some Facebook notifications coming much later than others?
Who can see comments written on Facebook pages of celebrities?
Is it impossible to get a lot of friends on Facebook?
Why are people on Quora posting their personal photos and making it another Facebook? Why doesn’t Quora’s administration put a stop to it?
What is the adoption rate of Facebook in India?
Is it unethical to gain Facebook likes from suffering one?
Can you check your fb messages?
Will Facebook survive once the US gets rid of net neutrality?
When a Facebook page I follow/like host or co-host an event, will I receive a notification?
Why is Facebook not allowing me to add a description on my page and also place a website, etc.?
How do I know who’s viewed my video on Facebook?
Can one post nudes privately on Facebook?
How do the Facebook, WhatsApp, and Instagram applications make money?
What is India's biggest Facebook group?
How does a Facebook post get embedded in a WordPress blog post?
How do I open my old Facebook account if I forgot my password and email address?
How can I write bold letters in a Facebook post?
How can I use a mobile number to search for a Facebook ID?
If a company’s Facebook posts are not being shown, what can the company do to be seen by more of its fans?
How do you analyze the structure of "Is it us, or are news headlines about Facebook's impact on our health popping up more and more these days?"
How can you login without a code on Facebook?
Can we find our lookalike on Facebook?
How do I delete my fb account permanently?
What do you fear most about mind/thought reading technology?
One of my non-Muslim friends is not accepting my friend request on Facebook because I have reverted to Islam. What will you say?
Why is it when I Unfollow a page on Facebook, but don't Unlike it, I still see its news on my newsfeed?
How do I share an image on Facebook to WhatsApp?
Why won't Facebook load the remainder of the photo album instead of just giving me the spinning cursor?
Can someone receive an invite to join messenger from a deactivated Facebook account?
How can you tell if someone is talking you privately on Messenger?
Why does Facebook let you collapse comments of people that you follow but not friends?
Should I setup a separate ad account for Facebook Traffic and Remarketing?
How do I send Facebook to WeChat?
What data can you pull from Facebook's pages without being an admin by using Facebook API?
If Facebook forced you to scan your passport for them, would you do it?
Which Facebook groups are the best for video marketing advice?
Do you think Snapchat will last?
How does Facebook chat work in PC and phones?
How do you tag someone on Facebook?
Has your Facebook Page ever been stolen?
What tools do you use in hacking Facebook account?
Is it possible to attach Facebook album to a website?
How do I get access to Facebook Stories and Messenger Day?
How are some AMP-enabled posts, or Facebook instant articles, showing my email in their subscription boxes?
Which platform can help you to approach and acquire clients more effectively - Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, or Twitter?
Does the number of friends a person has on Facebook reveal anything?
People tab on messenger(iOS) is loading, nothing appear and there is no active people shown, what am I supposed to do?
Can we restrict the voting rights of members in a Facebook group?
How do I link comments from my previous post to a new post?
How do I add a community tab on my Facebook page?
How do some Facebook users set picture as a background of their Facebook text status? Note that I don't mean color/gradient but actual picture.
Should one join Facebook or Instagram?
Would a web/mobile developer interview at Facebook/Instagram require heavy ds & algorithms?
Why would I get a push notification if one of my connections liked a post (not my post) on LinkedIn?
How many views is a Facebook post likely to have per share?
How do I find a USA active Facebook group?
If you have two separate Facebook accounts (as a company), is it possible to migrate the pages owned by each account to one account?
How can you drive traffic to an eBay or Amazon listing using Facebook?
Someone has hacked my Facebook account and posted something obscene. I want to change the password, but forgot my present password. How do I change it?
How do I check Facebook login status in Android?
What percent of Messenger users are English speaking?
How can I get more shares on my Facebook videos?
What is the simplest way to share an FB video to a non-FB user?
How do I un-archive a Facebook contact (conversation) to the inbox (desktop)?
How can I unlink a logged out Instagram account from my Facebook page?
How do I see “Friend Request Sent” on Facebook?
Do you feel annoyed that when you see Facebook telling you that an offender does not violate the standards of racism and violent remarks of theirs?
Henry Froelich asks: Is it liberating to have a Facebook account with no friends, just post publicly so that anyone can see, and comment?
How do I invite people who are not present in my Facebook friends list to like my Facebook page?
Can I expect to get a job in companies like Google, Facebook, etc. if I take CS at Sikkim Manipal University?
Does it leave a poor impression to start a conversation with a coworker you like on Facebook than in person?
How do police deal with cases related to Facebook IDs that were deleted 2 years ago?
What is the easiest way to embed Facebook photos as a slideshow on my website?
Can I access my WhatsApp via Facebook?
Is there any way I could find who visits my Facebook profile for free?
How do I know who my secret profile visitors are on Facebook?
How can I send Facebook notifications to other Facebook users?
Would Facebook's ParlAI scale to RDFS or OWL?
How do I remove the phone number from my FB account?
How do I get rid off of using Facebook?
How do you get Facebook page likes for your new startup page?
How do I delete a Facebook account which I don't use?
Why is the green dot after the phone icon on Messenger not shown for everyone?
What is the process to live steam cricket match on a Facebook Page?
Why is it easy to get likes on Facebook but hard to get upvotes on Quora?
Does Facebook feel a long-term threat to its viability and brand? Does it recognize that emerging social media platforms are stealing market share?
How can I join tech giants like Google, Facebook, MSFT as college dropout in India? And what salary can I expect?
If I customize who can see posts I'm tagged in on my timeline on Facebook, can they still see it in their newsfeed?
Approximately how many verified accounts are given by Twitter and Facebook on a daily basis?
Can being active on Messenger also mean someone is scrolling through their feed or watching videos, etc.?
How do I find US-based Facebook Fiverr groups?
How can I make humor/meme content go viral on social media?
How can hide my friend list on Facebook using an Android phone?
What would cause me to stop being able to see when someone is active on Facebook Messenger? Would they have to have blocked me?
After a relationship ends, do you block or unfriend the ex on Facebook?
How do I search many Facebook groups at once?
Why is Facebook getting boring?
Does Google share its big data with Facebook?
How do I increase the spending limit of a Facebook page?
How do I verify Facebook in India?
What is the size of a Facebook cover photo?
How can you make your Facebook stand out?
What is the best way of counting the number of words in a given Facebook group?
How do we know how many page likes or post likes can we get with a budget of $500 for Facebook ads lifetime budget?
What language is Facebook Android app written in?
How do I make my Facebook page more popular among women?
How I can recover my Facebook account because I forgot the password?
Does everyone get Facebook stats on their page?
What's the difference between hosting and co-hosting a Facebook event as a fan page?
How can I know my friends on Facebook who never like my posts? I don't want to unfriend those people who keep liking my posts.
I have two accounts linked on Messenger. Will it show active for both accounts even when only one account is being used?
What would happen if Facebook were to shut down for 1 hour?
Why don't I see the Facebook explore option in desktop and only in Facebook application?
I keep getting friend requests in Facebook from people (real ones, not fake) I haven't met, should I accept them?
Can I export pictures in the comments on a Facebook page?
I've 3 pages with the personal profile, I claimed one page to the business manager and I want to restore it to my personal account, how can I do it?
Why don't I see GIFs on Facebook?
Why do profile pictures of guys in WhatsApp, Facebook, etc. include their girlfriend while almost all girls will not have their partners' photo included in theirs?
What BlueKai data does Facebook collect? Are they cookies-based?
How can I report an FB account?
How do you target fans of other fan pages in Facebook ads?
Can I be notified if someone searches me or my Facebook page?
How do we extract mobile numbers from our friends on Facebook with the help of an Android device?
How many days is Facebook disabled for?
Is Facebook trying to discourage the use of Instagram by introducing "News Feed Direct Message" and "Facebook Stories"?
How can I bring back accidently spammed chats in Messenger?
I have a tech page on IG called @samsungblog_ that has more than 80k followers. How can I make money from that? I also have 3 more tech pages with 30k
Can I get alerts showing me how long I have been active on Facebook and Facebook messenger?
What does the camera next to the phone with the green dot on Messenger keep blinking for?
Why doesn’t my Facebook message to someone have blue ticks, even if he is online?
How am I supposed to help a friend whose Facebook account has been hacked?
What "new" business idea would you give these companies to expand their business: Amazon, Netflix, Apple, Uber, Facebook and Twitter?
How can I get more likes in Facebook group?
Is it possible to get a Facebook blue badge on a media page with 3.9k likes?
Can WhatsApp be hacked with a Facebook password?
Why has Facebook not acquired TripAdvisor yet?
Is it possible to resize images/media on my Facebook feed?
How can I add a custom E-book cover to a PDF book?
How much is spent on Facebook advertising, on average, by a small scale business?
How does the Facebook “Suggestion” part work? How do they suggest friends?
Can you catch someone with a fake account on Facebook?
What charges can be filed against me if I violated someone's privacy by going through someone's Facebook account?
How do I get Facebook to remove a fake profile using my father’s identity? Reporting hasn't worked.
If Mark Zuckerberg became president, would he be consider the most powerful man alive?
Why are most of the people switching from Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, etc., to Quora?
I added someone to my contacts, can they somehow see that they are on my contacts using Snapchat?
Is anyone having issues with Facebook Ads, Ads Manager, or getting their ads reviewed? My Facebook ads are not getting reviewed.
There are so many ads about the ‘No. 1 Internet Marketing/Marketer’ on Facebook. Which one is the most reliable and true?
China's protective market has created competitors to Google, FB and Amazon. Should other countries follow so as to cultivate homegrown companies?
Which social networks have the best comments under the comment model?
How do I get fake followers on a Facebook fan page?
What is the biggest free classified Facebook page in Bangladesh?
How can I get the blue mark on my Facebook profile?
If I block someone on Facebook, will I still see their "likes" or comments on future posts by mutual friends?
Isn't the social media like Snapchat and Instagram making today's youth more pretentious?
How do I find out who has seen my comments on a photo on Facebook?
How do I see if someone blocked me from seeing their post but I'm still their friend on Snapchat?
Why do people not support your posts on Facebook?
How do I market to a specific segment of the population on Facebook?
What is the age to use Facebook?
How do I block someone from seeing my FB page?
How do I get back into my Facebook account if someone changed my password?
What are Facebook texts?
What accounts for Facebook's decline in popularity?
What would be life after quitting WhatsApp and Facebook?
What should I fill in the "website" section on Facebook?
Can I share a Facebook page event on LinkedIn?
Have you ever tried to troll anyone online while chatting?
How do I change unpublished Facebook posts to published?
Why can’t India make Google and Facebook?
How do I open my husband's FB account in my cell phone without his knowledge?
What is the best reply if a stranger abuses me on Facebook?
Is there a way to tell what targeting options people are using to serve you a specific Facebook ad?
Can someone can view if I send pictures in messenger?
What is the idea of sharing news or website posts on Facebook with an instant power sign? Is that so that they can get loaded automatically and read instantly?
Why would someone make private their relationship status on FB? Especially when you can link to their partner that says married?
How can I make an auto-reply in my Facebook account?
How can I log in to Gmail or Facebook knowing only my username using an inspect element?
Why do so many of my friends miss my fb messages?
What are the pros of being on Facebook? We have all read numerous answers on the cons already.
What are the best uses or features of Facebook?
Is there an iPhone app that combines SMS, email, and Facebook messenger in one inbox?
What softwares & platform does Google and Facebook use to create marketing materials?
Why are some (maybe many) people 'not' using Facebook/Twitter? I’d like to understand their angle as well.
What is the most expensive country in which to advertise on Facebook, in terms of CPC & CPM?
Can one get malware by visiting a real Facebook page?
Can you Suggest me some hacks of Facebook?
Should I add a guy I like on Facebook?
Can I follow back links from Facebook and Google Plus?
How do you find your favorites on Messenger?
How do I share HTML canvas to Facebook using Facebook JavaScript SDK?
How can I find my first Facebook?
How can I report hacking on Facebook?
What is Facebook's code review process like?
How do I set up a Facebook ads campaign targeting people suffering from injuries?
How can I get a brand endorsement for my Facebook videos, if they are seen by 1lakh people on average?
How can I be benefited by using Quora instead of Facebook?
Why do people say Instagram is for close friends and Facebook is for everyone?
What are your thoughts on Facebook's Two-Person-Live feature on Facebook Live?
Why do I get suggestions of my contacts on Facebook when I have not linked my phone number to the account?
How does Facebook get data about professional Dota matches?
How can I know if someone used my Facebook account without my permission?
How do we post live video on Facebook from a mobile?
Is there an app I can use to delete one entire year of Facebook post, while keeping other years intact?
What are some of the questions asked in Facebook interviews?
How do I find private profiles from my fiancee’s Facebook account?
Why did Facebook take back the 'Thankful' flower emoticon?
Which is the best group on Facebook for puzzles?
How can I cancel a pending request on Facebook?
Which is a better option to promote a home based business? A Facebook page or a blog?
Does Facebook pay for most followers?
How can you tell if someone is messaging someone on Messenger?
Do you think Facebook is becoming YouTube's younger sibling?
How do you feel when you are at home and see a pictures of a group of friends on Facebook or Instagram?
Is there any app which help us to see who has checked our WhatsApp and Facebook profile?
Is Mark Zuckerberg egoistic?
What is a unique name for an Instagram page about nail art?
How do I get on Facebook if it's blocked by the wifi?
How do you show your life and your value and promote yourself on Facebook, WeChat, and Instagram in a normal or special way, especially for your goddess?
Why doesn't Facebook take reports seriously?
What is the best way to report a Facebook page with more than 100,000 followers, and is there a specific number of Facebook users to report it?
How can I display Facebook album on my website using different layouts? (Grid, Masonery, Slideshow etc)
How do I transition a viral content media Facebook page to a business direction?
TamilRockers is one of the piracy websites. They are interacting with the people in Twitter and Facebook. Can the cybercrime department do something?
Do you think Quora is more addictive than Facebook and Instagram?
How do I use Facebook and WhatsApp on a Blackberry Z10?
Can a candidate go through multiple recruiters for Facebook or Google at the same time? Do they see each other's candidate history?
Is it legal for someone to keep a deceased family member's profile on Facebook active after that person has died without noting it in their profile?
Why did the icon marketplace on my Facebook account suddenly disappear?
How can we counter a point where someone says its not a bad thing (could be anything like, social networking etc.) in itself if it's used properly?
Is it a good idea to send my former teacher a friend request on Facebook?
How do I view a person’s profile on Facebook after they message me?
What is/are the best programming language/s to learn, if you want to work in Facebook or Google?
How can I browse Facebook anonymously?
Which one is very important in Facebook marketing: page likes or post engagement?
Is there a way to safeguard your Facebook Custom Audiences in case your ad account gets disabled?
Why do people say that Facebook targeting is amazing when I can only select age, gender and interests?
Is Facebook interesting for BtoB marketers?
Facebook has used my ID to do verification in the past, how long does it keep a copy of that ID and how do I remove it?
Did Mark Zuckerberg die?
What do I do with a Google Tracking Code and Facebook Pixel?
How do I stop my Facebook addiction?
Is it common for Facebook and Google users to distrust the companies and feel helpless about it?
Why does Facebook specifically not allow you to untag yourself from other people's comments?
Why has the search functionality on Facebook buy-and-sell groups been removed?
How can I create impressive posts on Facebook?
Can you see your Facebook password on messenger?
I deactivated my account. Will she still get my message?
Can we get a Facebook users list from a particular location using an FB API?
Is there any way to search a Facebook account​ by the uploaded pictures on that account​?
How do I check my Facebook archive?
Why does Facebook keep rejecting my ad?
Why do giants like Google and Facebook spend money on advertising?
Can any idea eliminate Facebook in the future?
What are the creepiest things Facebook has ever done?
What do Nigerian men think about Immanuel Ifediata's recent controversial Facebook posts about underaged girls?
What is a fan page in Facebook?
What can we expect from Facebook TV this summer?
What will be Facebook's next step after a report of an account hack is made? How long does it take? What is Facebook’s customer care number (India), if one exits?
If a reporter is a type of journalist, and news is defined as noteworthy, am I a journalist if I post on Facebook something relevant to my friends?
Why do I still get notifications from Facebook when I have deactivated my account?
What is the best practice for really short term advertising on Facebook?
How do Facebook collection ads work?
Are there any good sites that I can market my credit restoration business other then Facebook and Instagram?
Could any Facebook password be difficult to hack?
How can I make people comment on my blog mainakiwiri.WordPress.com using their Facebook accounts?
How do I unfollow all of my friends on Facebook and just follow pages?
What is the salary for interns at Facebook in 2017?
How can I find my friend’s mobile number on Facebook without asking him?
Why do leftists block people who were against them on social media? Is it considered bullying?
Why has Google+ failed to triumph over Facebook?
How do you know if your friend on Facebook Messenger is on a call on Messenger?
How can I set up a FB page for a nightclub promoter?
How do I implement news feed for social network?
In what way can a Facebook Messenger bot help a college?
How many registered users does Facebook have in 2017?
Should I put my ''concepts'' of a UI/UX redesign for sites like Spotify, Facebook etc. in my portfolio?
If you accidentally like someone's post then deactivate your Facebook account, do they get a notification?
How can I advertised to married mums who are NOT in employment on Facebook?
Why is the monopolization of the Internet by Google, Facebook, and Amazon destructive?
Does Facebook use lossy data compression techniques?
How do I keep videos playing in the background, on Facebook, which I've started?
Are there any products that would work similarly to a private Facebook group for running an app pilot for teams of 50+ users? For feedback, support, etc.
What happened to the Norinder Mudi page on Facebook?
If a friend marks your message unread, will I still see the "seen" after?
How do you deal with frenemies on Facebook?
How do I find out who is behind a Facebook page if they have not identified an admin and they do not reply to a message request?
Is there not a Facebook Page Template that features Events and Groups?
How do we integrate Facebook with CI?
If I bought one share of Facebook and the company increased in value by 10% two years later, how much would my single share be worth?
How do you stay connected to real life and not get lost in living for the next social media post?
How is Facebook reading my iMessages?
What developing app (e.g. Java, Python, Swift) was used to make Facebook?
Why are Pakistanis not as active on Quora as they are on Facebook?
Should you keep your enemies on Facebook?
Can I earn with Facebook videos?
Where can I find someone who can help me spy on my spouse’s Facebook and text messages without his knowledge?
What do programmers at big tech companies like Google, Facebook, etc., eat and drink to support their productivity (snacks, drinks, etc.)? What besides coffee do they consume?
Who gets unfriended and blocked online and what do they block you and unfriend you for?
Is having a Facebook account cut off worth sharing your ID?
Which picture tagging algorithms is used by Facebook and Instagram?
What's stopping Facebook from building their own search engine and/or browser?
How many hours per day does a social media manager need to activate and surveil Facebook and Twitter campaigns?
Can a message on Facebook be traced back to me if I used a fake profile?
Someone hacked my Facebook account and changed my profile picture. What can I do to fix this?
How can I change my Facebook account to be my work account?
Is there any way to lock an application (say, WhatsApp or Facebook) on the iPhone 6?
How is Quora reading my Facebook profile even though I made it private?
How do I check someone’s post on Facebook if they have a blog?
Has anyone on Quora recently deleted their Facebook account, and did doing so improve his/her quality of life?
What are the steps of building a Facebook messenger bot which will store data in a self-hosted database?
How many people or companies are working on trying to unseat Facebook as the dominant social media platform?
How do I get to know the best time of launching a blog while running a Facebook page?
Why does Facebook ad experts do not share some of their success secrets/tricks?
Why is Facebook business page taking more than 1 week to approve the products?
How can we earn money through Facebook in India?
What type of programming language should I learn if I want to make a social media platform like Facebook?
How do I retreive my password for Facebook without using the old verification?
Will companies like Facebook, Uber, Thankeyou and Airbnb survive in the market for the next 30 years?
When will moderated sites like Facebook, Quora, etc., acknowledge that posts in denial of anthropogenic global warming are essentially fake news?
Is Facebook's intention to implement Delegated Account Recovery instead of passwords adding more security to your account or compromising it?
How do I use Baybayin in Facebook?
How can you make an invitation on Facebook?
How do I increase the likes on my Facebook instantly?
Is it a crime to hack a Facebook account?
My crush's birthday is tomorrow . He has kept it hidden on Facebook. Should I wish him?
Can I have Facebook to send me my password to another email?
To what extent can a Facebook account can be kept deactivated so that afterwards it can be recovered before Facebook permanently deletes it?
Why do people only send happy and travelling photos on WhatsApp and Facebook? Why don’t they also send some when they are going through some bad phase?
Can a tech company sell user's data to other's without adversing?
Can I legally publish 3rd party articles to Facebook Instant Articles if I credit the author?
How do I show my workplace on my Facebook profile?
How can I invite people who shared my post to like my Facebook business page?
Why have people started deleting their Facebook accounts?
Why does Facebook have such a horrible and poor programming design?
Why does Facebook not show Arnab's new channel Rebuplic as a trending topic?
Does Facebook hate Google?
Should I be back on Facebook?
Why are these companies paying such huge amounts to their interns?
What are some good Christmas Facebook statuses?
Which software does the Facebook page "poisoned thoughts" use for creating posts? What is some great software for creating similar posts?
When does Messenger show when someone is online? Can Messenger show who is online without opening Facebook?
Is there any popular English social media app like Facebook or Twitter which has not yet been banned by the Chinese government?
Why do Facebook notifications still make sounds even after I turn off "Play a sound when each new notification is received"?
If someone's Facebook posts are not shareable and they wish to change this, what do they do?
How​ can I find a fake Facebook account​?
Is it possible to partner with a Facebook page with lakhs of likes for the promotion of my website in return for 20% of my AdSense income?
How do I write posts with attractive English on Facebook?
How do I unfollow everyone on FB?
Which is the most important company among Facebook, Google, and Apple?
How eseential is Facebook for professional networking? (I plan to do my MBA this year, haven't really felt the need of getting on Facebook till now)
Do celebrities have two Facebook accounts?
Where on Facebook Messenger can I find the date I blocked someone?
What are some other chat sites like Facebook?
What is the best social media marketing tools to schedule posts for Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Pinterest and Instagram?
What is the software from which Facebook is programmed?
How do the telecom operators block WhatsApp and Facebook in Kashmir? Is it possible to bypass them via a VPN?
Which algorithm or library did Facebook use to make their voice calling clear?
Why can’t I like any page on Facebook?
What are some of the cutest Facebook proposals?
How do I set up a Facebook marketing campaign targeting the parents of teens?
Can you save pictures from Facebook to your phone?
How do I recover my password for Facebook with no email, phone or password?
Is there any way we can convince the guys who own Facebook that their Messenger is trash?
How can one make his FB page popular without promotion?
How can I find friends by DOB on Facebook?
How I can make friends from Australia aside from Facebook?
What is the approximate number of daily "likes" and "reactions" exchanged on Facebook?
What was your reason for deactivating Facebook forever?
Why won't my brother friend me on Facebook?
How do I message verified people on Facebook and Twitter?
How can I save my uninstalled Facebook and WhatsApp data from others?
Is it possible to request all Facebook events in a certain area to use on a different website?
What is the best way to increase your Facebook followers without paid advertising (not including usual stuff like hashtags or groups, etc.)?
How do I know if my Facebook friends are not following me?
Why wouldn't ISPs block Facebook without net neutrality?
How can I improve my Facebook page https://www.facebook.com/emailingbirds/?
Do you think running ads on Facebook to drive leads to my virtual hosting affiliate site is likely to work?
Can someone work at Facebook only with freelance experience?
Why does Instagram know my Facebook friends even though the two accounts were never connected?
How can I report a bug to Facebook or Google or any website or app?
What is the process large product organizations go through to prioritize initiatives?
How do I store data in Android when the user is registered with Google/Facebook?
How can I transfer an app through Facebook?
How can I know my forgotten Facebook password without my email and my confirmation code number?
If a Facebook account is deactivated, will it still add friends to your account?
Should Facebook disable their live feed video given that it's been used lately to show live murders?
I blocked someone on Facebook after I sent them a message. Will I still know if they read the message I sent?
As a realtor's new assistant, I need to manage marketing online using MailChimp and Facebook. What can I post about?
Did Mark Zuckerberg create the Facebook website alone? How?
How do I invite (add) people to my business page/group on Facebook if I am not connected with them on Facebook?
What is the legality of selling goods online through Instagram or Facebook pages in Nepal? I know it’s illegal, but is there any way to check with my government?
Why there are no companies like Apple, Google, Microsoft, Facebook, etc., in India?
What is Quora really? I typed a question into Google only to find I had an account here; I am not kidding, my old Facebook profile picture and name were up.
My rapist has sent me a friend request like nothing happened for the 2nd time. What should I do?
How do I set GIF/slideshow as profile pic on Facebook?
How can I talk to Facebook for help?
I told my fiancée we shouldn't be friends on FB. Not for immoral reasons. Is this right thing to request if I need a little space?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a relation to Nate Zuckerberg, a deceased friend of mine, who was the developer of "Zuckerberg's Terminal" in Saddle Brook, NJ?
Could I say that " I'm the upcoming Mark Zuckerberg " to Mark Zuckerberg?
How do I add clickable Instagram links in my Facebook bio?
How do I stop overusing Facebook and Instagram? I keep on scrolling through them, even though I need to stop.
Facebook: How do I get auto-likes on a Facebook profile picture?
How do I find the location of a Facebook profile?
Why can I not accept more than 5000 friends on Facebook?
How can I share a post with my friends on Facebook?
Why doesn't Facebook provide the ad recall rate for campaigns with a reach objective?
How do you delete shared photos on Facebook Messenger?
Is there any FB liker which works?
Why do many people on Facebook request likes for their posts?
How can I bring back my brother’s memorialised Facebook page?
Say I run a fidget spinner dropship site. While advertising on Facebook, what should be my target audience?
Are there any Malayalees working at Facebook?
When and what was the reason behind you permanently deleting your Facebook account?
Is there any remote possibility that if you're chatting from your laptop/PC on Facebook that it will show 'sent from mobile'?
What is the difference between instant replies to anyone and the “Show a Messenger Greeting” on Facebook?
Is tourism in China marketed through Facebook?
Is it true that government can monitor our chats like WhatsApp and Facebook or SMS?
How do I survive without using Facebook, Instagram, and/or WhatsApp?
What are the products of Facebook? Why do they keep recruiting when their product is saturated?
How would the Facebook look like and function, if it was found by a Pakistani?
On what basis do Facebook comments appear at the top?
How can I read my husband's FB's secret conversation messages without his knowledge and without any password, and how do I open it in my mobile?
How dou you deal with passive aggressive Facebook posts?
How should I settle my Facebook account?
How famous do I need to be to get my Facebook profile verified?
Is it OK to ask your interviewer at Facebook for feedback?
What are some examples of IT Project Management’s best practices in large companies like Amazon, Facebook, etc.?
Does employee engagement with a company’s Facebook page damage its ability to reach potential customers?
What’s a nice and appropriate comment for a girl's photo on Facebook?
How do I unarchive a conversation if the person has already deactivated his/her account?
How can I find out when and where a Facebook account was created?
Can I replace a Facebook video without losing the likes?
Can I find out if anyone had unfollowed me on Facebook?
How long does WhatsApp keep deleted photographs on their servers, or does WhatsApp keep deleted media?
How do I find out who my non-friends Facebook followers are?
Is it normal for a couple to constantly flirt with each other and praise each other on Facebook walls when they could do it via a private text?
Are there enough potential users with VR gear for Facebook Spaces or is the project launch premature?
How much money would Google/Facebook/Microsoft give if you hacked them?
What are some Facebook or Google Plus groups and communities where I can promote my spa, which also gives massages?
Are you that one person who sends game requests on Facebook to everyone? Why?
How do you get the purple flower button on Facebook?
How do I become friends with someone I'm Facebook friends with?
When did you realise that Quora is better than Facebook?
Why is Messenger sending invites from me to unknown people?
Do Facebook or Instagram use Firebase?
What are some of the creative ways companies curb Facebook addiction of their employees at work?
Should I create a separate account for my company on likedin?
How can I see less news from people and more from pages on Facebook?
I have deleted a recent message on Facebook with a friend but the contact is still on the top of my message log. How can I rearrange?
Could I scrape the profiles of my friends (in an Excel file) on Facebook? If so, how?
Instagram doesn't recognize that my Facebook business page exists. How do I fix this?
How is access suspended to a site in a particular country? For example, how did Turkey block Wikipedia, or how did Egypt block Facebook?
How do I know who has shared a post I posted on my Facebook page?
Can I know someone's Facebook fanpage name through his/her Instagram business account?
Is there an e-commerce platform that is a Facebook app?
Did Tab Ruffin block me on Facebook?
How can I go on my messanger without opening my Facebook account?
How do I get my old Facebook account I deleted back?
Are sites like Facebook actually limiting the whole idea of the web and the internet by monopolizing it?
What if Facebook and Google never existed?
What's the most interesting social media post you've ever seen?
How do I unblock a message from a friend on Facebook after deleting the conversations?
Is it a good idea to get Shutterstock photos for free from Facebook then resell them?
Why did you change your profile picture?
Do celebrities have personal Facebook accounts?
How many customers does Facebook have?
How do I shut a hacker, who manages to get back in even with repeated password changes and increased security, out of my Facebook account?
How do I appeal Facebook blocking outgoing links to my website?
If you blocked a former friend on Facebook and they wanted to know why, what would you say?
How do you prevent messages on Facebook altogether? I don't have Messenger. My chat is turned off, but it still comes into the inbox. I don't want them.
How is it that I log into Quora with my Facebook credentials, then the next day my profile has been suddenly altered?
How can I block Facebook’s ads review system?
How do I know if someone viewed my profile on Facebook?
Why did Zuckerberg start Facebook?
What are some media marketing prices for various social media sites like Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Pinterest, etc.?
What are some smart ways of purging one's Facebook friends list without coming across as a jackass?
What demographics use social media?
Do questions on Quora such as "what are you wearing right now?” likely indicate the 'Facebook crowd' is infesting Quora?
What should I do when someone is killing my group on Facebook using an admin account?
How do you feel when people don't reply even after seeing your messages on WhatsApp or Facebook?
Which is the best social media site: Facebook or Google+?
Is Facebook using lambda architecture?
What is the best payment method for Facebook ads from Nepal?
What should I do if I want to work at Google or Facebook at any cost?
What are the things you wished a chat messenger should have?
How can I reset my Facebook password without email?
Why is there no mobile version of the Facebook Friends feed?
How much does a social media agencies charge?
How can I get deleted WhatsApp and Facebook messages through someone's phone?
How can I see the full list of my read books on Facebook?
Why in some Android (M) devices, while video calling on Messenger, isn’t the option of face filters applied through the (* type icon)?
Is there a way to get the Audience Insights from the Facebook pages of my competitors?
Why is Quora quickly becoming like Facebook? Are we Indians responsible for its deterioration in quality?
Facebook unpublished my page because of a false copyright report. Facebook accepted the report was false but will not re-publish my page. What now?
Can I go live on Facebook and Twitter with only my computer, as I have no other devices?
How is Facebook able to not let the technology scanner softwares to detect the technologies it is using?
How can I get my Facebook account back after being banned? I didn't do anything to violate their rules.
Can we get money if we find mistakes in Facebook?
How can I get flower react in Facebook?
How do I search public posts on a specific date on Facebook?
How often are the Facebook Pixel events (stats) updated in the Facebook Ads Manager?
Why is there no sound when I shoot a video for my Facebook story?
What is the billing threshold on Facebook, and why do they charge extra?
How can I verify my Facebook account without Gmail or phone number?
How do I find someone with a fake Facebook account and email?
How can I know anyone’s Facebook password?
Does anybody use the autoliker for FB and feel content with it? Why or why not?
How I can check what is trending on Facebook?
When the green icon is green, does it mean you’re active on Messenger or active on FB?
When making a new account after my Facebook account was disabled I am logged out and asked for a selfie. Has anyone else experienced this?
Is it possible to make your cellular data look like it's coming from somewhere like Facebook, or receive your data through Facebook?
Why won't Facebook add my images when I share my post?
Has anyone hacked the Facebook website and wrote his own content?
What can I do to counter all the fake Facebook accounts and bots spreading fake news?
Why won't Facebook load?
How I can re-add a contact on Facebook Messenger after removing them?
How do we physically unsubscribe to all of Facebook, like forever?
Why do people still use Facebook? Why don't they try Masspal?
Why can't I connect my Facebook account to Twitter?
Would it be better for a website that promotes local events to have one Facebook page for each city or a single page for the entire business?
Is it possible to see time stamp on Messenger of someone I unfriended?
Am I able to merge two of my Facebook pages even if my account is temporarily blocked?
Can someone hack my Android phone if they know my Facebook ID?
Can someone know if I save any of their Facebook photos on my phone?
How do you remove the block list on Facebook? I don't want to unblock the users, I just don't want to see them on the list and on Facebook.
Why do people commit suicide live on Facebook?
Is it fine that I'm not checking my boyfriend's Facebook and WhatsApp?
What is the meaning of :D :V in Facebook?
Will Snapchat sustain with competition from Facebook?
How do I unsubscribe from Quora via Facebook?
Would Facebook allow a PM to work from home 1-2 days a week?
How can I remove a green dot from Facebook?
Has anyone analysed the political leanings of Facebook users?
Why am I getting phished out of my Facebook account?
How do I delete messages from Facebook forever?
What is the site that allows you to know everything you share on Facebook and generates links from our profile URL?
What are other pastimes, apart from Facebook and obviously Quora, which is on the top of my list?
How do I get rid of boost post messages on Facebook pages?
How can I see the timeline of the person who blocked me on Facebook?
How does Facebook’s people suggestions work?
How can Facebook ruin good friendships?
How can I turn on the chat notification in Google Chrome while using Facebook?
How do I estimate the costs for different Facebook ads?
Does Netflix sell your viewing data to Facebook and Instagram?
Can you get the phone number of a friend just by using the Messenger info?
How does Facebook keep track of which people have seen a post in a group?
How do I know if someone is stalking me on but anyway other than appearing in the people you may know list caus I've deleted him accidentally?
There are so many ads on Facebook. How can I get them all to stop harassing my life?
What if my wife has made a fake Facebook account to stalk someone?
What is the ad budget for Facebook?
Are there any websites where you can find some nice Facebook contest materials and ideas?
How do I login into Instagram if there is some suspicious activity on your account, you forgot your recovery email password, and Facebook doesn't work?
Can I send Facebook a photo ID to recover my Facebook account?
How do I find potential customers (for x) based on their Facebook activity?
How do you see your friend's location on Messenger with the red dot?
All of my Facebook friends are unfriending me. Why is this happening?
How do I find friends on Facebook by interest?
How do I share a Laravel 5 blog post (custom title, image, URL, and summary) on Facebook?
If a fake Facebook account has been created, what should I do?
Can we track a person's Facebook profile by copying their Facebook profile link?
What is best way to earn money with Facebook?
How can I use Facebook to make my app popular?
Facebook disabled my account. Will other users be able to see it during the verification period?
“I see the world in terms of what I would like to see happen, not what actually does.” page number in book?
How do I find a cell number on Messenger?
How can I upload pics from Google Photos to Facebook and Instagram?
How can I delete a profile from Aisle?
What do you think of Facebook's improved Marketplace?
Why have my Facebook page's net likes dropped so suddenly after I stopped using ads?
How can I get my chat back after I deleted it from my Facebook messenger?
Why do some people purposely not use social media websites and applications like Facebook?
If I write something of my own on Facebook (which I intend to use one day in a book), is anybody else who reads it allowed to use it?
Is there any way by which I can know the person who searched me on Facebook?
If someone shares a post of mine on Facebook, should I give a like to that share?
Why do suggested friends in Facebook appear even though you and that suggested person don’t have any mutual friends?
How can I like many people on Facebook automatically?
Why does Facebook change my white image border to off-white/yellow?
How do I see if I'm on a person’s WhatsApp on Facebook?
How can I start advertising on Facebook?
When did Google, Microsoft, and Facebook get serious about machine learning?
Is there anyone selling Facebook verified pages?
How can a 2nd-year college dropout get a good job at YouTube, Facebook or Google, with only Ruby as a primary language?
If you could redesign the Facebook logo, how would it look like?
If Facebook is a building, is it one of the most complicated buildings in the world?
What does it mean when Messenger suggested a non-friend for me to make a voice call with?
Why do some messages on Facebook show the seen notification after a day when the seen time was yesterday when I sent it?
Why can people that I am not friends with on FB see what I say to my real FB friends?
What can be a solution to the fake accounts on Facebook?
On Facebook, can hidden friends still show up as "people you know?"
How do you input a devil smiley on Facebook?
If Pokémon trainers had social media (for simplicity, let's say Twitter or Facebook), what would they post?
How do I target baby products on Facebook ads?
How do websites like MensXP open so fast when clicked from their Facebook page?
Why is my Facebook account temporarily blocked?
What is the best text message you have ever sent/received?
What is the minimum sign on bonus for an average engineer joining Facebook?
On Facebook, how similar do page names have to be to merge pages?
Do Facebook and WhatsApp use AWS for their data backup?
Why is it best to use old pictures for our profile image?
Does Facebook have a contingency plan if its “Thumbs up” icon offends users in Bangladesh, Iran, and/or Thaïland and creates a backlash?
How do I control who can see comments made on my Facebook posts?
How do I delete a person off of Messenger?
Is it better to work as an analyst at Facebook or Amazon? What's the strongest brand in the CV?
How do I see other people’s messages on Facebook Messenger?
What can I announce on Facebook to let my friends and family know that I’m a real estate agent and would like them to hire me?
Is it possible to get someone else's messages from Facebook Messenger?
How do I add my Instagram to my FB profile?
How do I get a job at Facebook as a client solution manager in NYC?
How do I optimize my ad’s viewability?
How come I don't see any bad comment about Gurmeet Ram Rahim on any of his YouTube videos, Twitter or any other social networking site?
Why do big, well-known companies like Google and Facebook still need to do marketing?
How can I get the purple flower reaction on Facebook, if I’m from the Middle East?
How can I create a credential to go next to my profile name on my profile page?
I have created my own social networking app and how do I monetize it with sponsored ads like Facebook has other than using Google's AdSense?
What caused the failure of Orkut and the success of Facebook?
What’s the best Facebook video you've seen lately?
How come Facebook is syncing my contacts?
How can I get 1,000 Facebook likes for my page?
Is it good to ask for your girlfriend’s Facebook account?
Facebook takes a lot of space. How is it possible to remove your Facebook content off a device?
What is the difference between optimizing for a 1-day click and a 7-day click in Facebook?
Why can't I access Facebook for Messenger apps while in Messenger since the newest update?
What is the purpose of degrees (from school, college, university and society) and education?
How can you make money from adverts on your Facebook?
Is Facebook 'like' a vanity metric?
Why won't my Messenger app work on Facebook?
Why did my Facebook Dynamic Ads Campaign stop being delivered?
What interests should I target on my Facebook ads if I am selling dog beds?
Why did Facebook need permission from the EU Antitrust Commission before acquiring WhatsApp (since both companies HQs are in the US)?
How do you unlike something that you accidentally liked on Facebook?
When someone mutes a conversation what does the other person see on Messenger?
If I change my relationship status on Facebook from into a relationship to single, will it notify the other person?
Why won't Facebook let me upload a profile video?
Facebook shows "Your account is not eligible for this process". How do I get this problem solved?
Why is my Facebook message stuck on sent?
What does Facebook do for improving performance and tuning?
How is the war between Snapchat and Facebook going to end?
I'm planning to quit Facebook, what are the good and bad consequences that will follow?
What app or tool can I use to get likes on my Facebook page or followers in my Instagram?
What is an administrative assistant interview like at Facebook?
Why can’t other websites like Facebook be made?
How can I place ads on TrueCaller through Facebook?
How can one generate leads for art products through Instagram and Facebook?
How does Mark Zuckerberg earn from Facebook everyday?
Where can I find open source code for common features in web apps, such as Facebook likes, adding friends, etc.?
How do I get off of someone’s Facebook page?
How come I cannot friend request someone on Facebook?
If you wanna host a node js website like Facebook, what hosting company will you choose?
How can I make money from Amazon by promoting its product on a Facebook page without a website?
Any tool to know your competitor’s spending behaviour on Facebook ads?
What are the best Facebook groups by subject?
How can I stop people from being able to post photos in the comments of my photos or posts on my Facebook profile page?
How can I create the next big company like Facebook, Google, Apple, with a social purpose without having adequate technical skills?
If I want someone to see 'Facebook User' in place of my name in their message history, what should I do?
Does Facebook have VIP accounts?
In Facebook ads, when you run a re-targeting campaign and a normal campaign, and a user sees both, how do you know to which your attribution goes?
Is FaceBook a web application​ or not?
Why can't I post anything on Facebook?
What should be my targeted audience (for FB Ads) for a Bollywood News website?
On Facebook, how do I stop seeing posts that say 'My friend A was tagged in a photo' on my timeline?
How is the "People You May Know" feature useful for companies like Facebook and LinkedIn? How does it bring additional revenue to those companies?
Is there a way to increase Facebook page likes or Twitter followers?
Is there any Facebook page liker that doesn't use an access token?
What is the reason behind the face filter app on Facebook? Why integrate a feature that already exists on Snapchat?
How can I send a messenger invite if I'm blocked from FB?
Why is Facebook so strict? Even if you didn’t post nude pictures, you get blocked. So unfair!
Why is WhatsApp down right now (May 4, IST)?
How do I stop Facebook videos from sticking to the left side when I scroll down?
How can I recover my Facebook account?
Which is safer for my site, Facebook login API or my own code for login/signup?
What is the best paying URL shortener service that accepts Facebook postings?
What is the temporary profile picture of Facebook?
Can I integrate Facebook to run adverts on my social network website? If yes, how?
In Facebook advertising, how do you report numbers to clients?
Why can't I message someone on my Facebook friends list?
Does Facebook/Instagram use image recognition to enrich Audience Insights and target settings on Facebook Ads Manager?
What does the medical community think about the “The truth about cancer" videos that surface twice yearly on Facebook?
Are customers more likely to purchase a product after seeing it on Facebook or Instagram?
How do I remove all the picture from my Facebook profile?
Why is Facebook's moderation so inconsistent?
How much does Facebook earn from its users' data?
Is WhatsApp more secure than Facebook?
Is Facebook's GraphQL API generated automatically?
Why can't I share my answers to my WordPress blog the same way I share them on Facebook and Twitter?
What are some ways to find people on Facebook?
How long will it take to get hired by the Big 4 (Facebook, Google, Amazon, and Microsoft) from scratch?
How do I get Graph API Facebook post insights from last month?
What is a Facebook pixel?
Why was WhatsApp valuable enough for Facebook to buy it?
What are some great Facebook banner or cover photo templates?
What experiments are run at companies like Quora, Google, Facebook, etc. to implement new product features?
When Facebook says you added someone to your account from your contacts, does that mean from your phone contacts or your Facebook contacts?
How do I transfer my contacts from Lumia 520 to my Facebook account, or Microsoft account?
If someone deletes me off Facebook Messenger, how would I know?
What time is good to spam Facebook for my app?
How many people use Facebook Messenger without a Facebook account?
Which app is used to make pamphlets or photos to post on Facebook or social media?
How can I send a request to a person if Facebook keep on showing 'send request to person you know only'?
Does Facebook automatically friend someone to your account?
How do I get my mom's Facebook account unfrozen?
Does Facebook Password Sniper work?
What happens if I change the text of a private event on Facebook? Does everyone invited see the change?
How can I promote my page on Facebook without being charged?
How do I disable likes and comments on Facebook cover photo?
How do I retrieve my Facebook friend list?
What is your most efficient Facebook ad?
Did Facebook abuse the word "friends"?
Why the hell I have to enter Facebook every time to reach or make a question? Isn't once just enough?
On my friend’s friend list, the number of friend’s is 90, but I can only see my profile. Restricted mode would not give a number. Why?
In Swift, how can I match two users randomly who have logged onto my app through Facebook?
How can I best use Facebook ads to market my art?
How can one increase their number of Facebook likes?
Why am I getting irritated by Facebook?
Why did Mark Zuckerberg choose PHP to make Facebook?
What if I time travel and come back to earth after 50 years, will I able to see my Facebook updates?
How do you avoid the feeling of uselessness when spending too much time on Facebook?
Can I post on Facebook and let just friends who speak a specific language see my post?
Can I get money from a Facebook page?
When we search for someone on FB, what does “user” mean when it comes with the searched name?
What is someone doing when Messenger shows “active now”?
Can friends of friends add you as a friend without agreeing to it?
Is it good to provide prices when selling items on Facebook or not?
How can Facebook Live improve to prevent shocking live streams?
How do I increase the number of visitors and followers of my new Facebook pages, in order to achieve success?
How do reactivate my account with 1freehosting?
Can we find out how long a particular person has been a part of a Facebook group even if he or she is not on your friends list?
You may have heard about the ban on social media in Kashmir Valley. Is there any way of using any social media sites?
Why does Facebook and other websites remember old passwords?
Can nickname-based, open chat rooms have the same virality as real-world relationships based social networks like Facebook?
I have an author page at Amit Ahlawat. I keep my audience updated on it, however the page shows very low levels of audience engagement. How can I improve?
How can I see who shared my profile picture on Facebook?
How do we grow our first 10K subscribers in YouTube, Facebook page, and Twitter effectively?
How can you find a Facebook friend by using his or her ID number?
Why doesn't Twitter implement "Live Video" feature like Facebook?
Can you trust the website emailsupport-Australia.com to provide assistance with Facebook etc.?
Is there a way I can rank people I am not friends with on Facebook by how many of my "good friends" they are friends with by using API?
If I do not log out from FB then will I remain online always to other people?
How are the file and folder structures at Facebook and Google?
What are the top 100 Facebook pages?
The Facebook social login API was having issues earlier. Is the social login for Facebook and/or Google working now for e-commerce sites?
How can you make a wink symbol on Facebook?
Which service is a part of Google, Facebook, YouTube or Twitter?
What is next after Google, Facebook and Amazon?
Is it possible to increase fake likes for a Facebook post?
Do people get promoted easily at Facebook? On average, how long does it take to move from one career level to the next?
How can you trace a Facebook hack?
How can I find out if my boyfriend is having secret conversations on Messenger, using his login information?
What kind of information can I get from a Facebook user’s friends?
Why is Quora making me use my personal Facebook account. Why can't I use my business page?
Is there a football Facebook page or Android app that informs you of completed transfers?
Why doesn’t Mark Zuckerberg write on Quora?
What is the good post for Facebook?
How do I automatically add many friends on Facebook?
How large an audience should I use when running test ads on Facebook?
Does Facebook really give money to these people?
How can I find out my friend’s Facebook password without her knowing?
Is it possible to log in to Messenger Lite without a Facebook account?
Does my Instagram activity show up on Facebook?
Why doesn't Facebook Messenger send email notifications anymore?
If I re-upload a video on Facebook and tag the source, would that consider as a copyright issue?
If my free email ID is older than my Facebook page, will it impact my Facebook page’s visibility? “Older” meaning “before Facebook was founded.”
How can I copy my FB page link?
Will a green dot appear next to a friend’s name if they aren't active on Messenger?
Do narcissts see their friends as "friends" or as competitors?
If someone deletes their Facebook profile and Messenger, do they show up in Messenger?
How do I find out when a Facebook account was made?
Should I send a friend request to my former teacher on Facebook?
Is there anyone who can share the names of big bloggers who specialize in Facebook marketing and Facebook ads in the U.S.?
Why can't I post a profile picture and a cover picture on my business page? Even when I hover over the images, it doesn't give me an option to upload.
What is the benchmark for Facebook and Instagram engagement for 2016?
Can someone who has access to my Facebook password and telephone number check my account?
Facebook page boost amount?
What's next after Facebook and twitter?
Are my Facebook friends able to see my Facebook pages?
What does a gray dot next to a friend’s name on Messenger mean?
What will happen if you like every single post on your Facebook feed every single day?
If you could show just one page of your daily diary from your entire life to your love, which page would it be?
Why do you have to wait 48 hours to unblock someone on Facebook?
What kind of FB page shall I make?
How can I log into my Gmail account that’s associated with my Facebook account?
When you upload an email list on the "suggest page" option on a Facebook page, do the contacts get a notification to view the page?
Why do people on Facebook hate Twilight and Justin Bieber so much?
In which platform were apps like Facebook, Snapchat, and WhatsApp made? I want to make a million dollar app and my idea is also new. Can I do that?
I want to be able to autopublish on Twitter and Instagram when I post on Facebook. Is there a way?
Are some girls who are tired of FB and Instagram, now using Quora just to share their pictures? They can skip those stupid questions but they don't. Why?
In which cases would you recommend Twitter ads VS Facebook ads?
What is the use of living?
How do I find out the email address associated with a Facebook account?
Why do companies like Facebook need and have so many workers?
What tools do you use to measure online interactions (on Facebook groups for instance)?
How do I set a manual daily budget in Facebook Ad Manager?
What would happen if Zuckerberg decided to shut Facebook down tomorrow?
Why can’t I see the number of likes on a comment on Facebook?
How can I Download Video from Facebook to iPhone?
How can one make sure that his/her comments are only visible to the initiator of the post?
Does a delivered message on Messenger mean that it's been read if you click on it and you only see icons with faces?
How should I stop people from posting unflattering pictures of me on Facebook?
How do you use Adwords to promote a Facebook group?
If I want to establish a Facebook page for homemade food any ideas of what should I name it And names for natural beauty products also?
How do I login to my Facebook account if I have lost access to the phone number to which the two factor authentication code will be sent?
What would have happened if you would have founded Facebook and not Wikipedia?
Is there any app on Android to change the voice on a Facebook messenger call?
How can someone make from Facebook?
Can I send an application using Facebook Messenger?
Has anyone made a friendship on Facebook and eventually gotten laid sooner in Mumbai?
How can Facebook be harmful while studying?
How can I apply an “I Love Mom” filter picture on Facebook?
How do I make YouTube views increase with Facebook?
Why is Facebook all of a sudden filled with video's is it losing its charm?
How can I make 5000 Facebook friends in an instant?
How can I stream a pre-recorded video via Android Facebook live?
Why is Facebook not showing me how long my friend has not been active?
Is there anyone who can help teach me English for free, just on WhatsApp or Facebook?
How do I earn via Facebook and Instagram pages?
I'm an admin on a Facebook page. How do I "like" a comment on my page posts as that page?
Is it safe to link Facebook with instaGC?
Can I add her on Facebook without asking?
How can I change my connection to Quora from a Facebook account to a Google account?
How do we get Facebook Ads insights with an hourly breakdown?
How do I view the older Facebook settings?
I know how to remove a trending topic on Facebook, but how do I get it back?
How can you tell if someone deleted Facebook app?
Do you think Google and Facebook have to take responsibility for Fake News?
Why does the Messenger icon show blue even when it says the person is unavailable for calling?
Is it possible to retrieve Facebook “secret conversations” encrypted messages from a person’s own mobile after deleting them?
How can someone get fast likes on Facebook?
What are some of the epic FB posts?
Does Facebook have a special appeal to women?
What social activities are most likely to reduce your IQ?
How can I contact Facebook or YouTube for a business offer? Is it possible at all for a startup? Thanks ahead.
How can I collect posts from public Facebook pages related to a specific topic?
Is Quora better than Facebook for sharing knowledge?
Is it possible to hide "active k minutes ago" on Facebook Messenger?
Does Messenger tell you if your message request to a non-Facebook friend has been ignored? Answer with proper English, not fresh from Albania.
Social networks such as Facebook use profiles to store information about their users. How do I create a simple database to store these user's profiles?
Does Facebook use Node.js at all?
How do companies such as Google & Facebook hire for non-tech roles? Do they only work on referrals? Or is there something else which I am missing out?
What if India bans Facebook, LinkedIn, Google and Quora?
How can you play Bubble Safari on Facebook?
What audience interest should I use to get my plus-size boutique seen by plus-size women on Facebook?
What would happen if someone tag a person on a video I shared only with selected people on Facebook?
How can I search my friends on Facebook?
How do I get Facebook to take down my father's fake profile on Facebook? It was created by somebody else, and we are unable to get the password.
Why are my Facebook page posts not going to Twitter?
My ex hasn't deleted our pics from her Facebook, however she gets mad if I remove them from mine. What does this mean?
What can I do about a fake Facebook account?
What is the best way to target the public that is interested in an e-commerce site through Facebook ads?
How do I verify celebrity Facebook accounts?
How do I curb my Facebook addiction?
Is Facebook going to make Facebook Marketplace a standalone app?
What are the new upcoming features of Facebook revealed by Mark Zuckerberg at F8 2017?
Would you like to delete your Facebook account before your death?
How do websites like Quora or Facebook handle so much user requests?
If I bought one share of Facebook, would that share involve interest or are there different types of shares that can be invested in?
What do you do when you get bored and don’t want to wast your time on Facebook, Instagram, Quora, etc.?
What are some funny comparisons between Quora and Facebook?
Your partner deletes texts and hides specific things on their Facebook timeline. Would you consider this deceptive behavior?
How do I do link-building when I am doing business via Facebook?
How can I get a huge amount of website traffic from Facebook?
Can somebody read my Facebook messenger posts?
Should Facebook, Google and others be banned?
Why are my Facebook friends still friends with my abuser?
How many likes do I have to have on Facebook to make money?
What is the best way of figuring out the most commonly used words in a certain Facebook group or page?
How can I reach Jared Morgenstern?
Can I get million likes on my Facebook page?
How do I post old photos to Facebook and Instagram stories?
Is it possible to fetch other users data from Tumblr using R?
Why is Facebook not attacking and cloning musical.ly like Snapchat in the US?
What does the ‘now’ mean under the person’s name in the Facebook messenger?
How do I get inorganic likes on Facebook?
Does Facebook have new rules about posting links to pages?
Is your Facebook cover image mobile friendly?
What are your personal reasons that you don't link your Facebook profile to Quora? That's if this applies to you.
How sustainable is Facebook's business model?
What is the most trending technology common in Google, Facebook, Microsoft, etc.?
How do I allow applications local admin rights using a group policy without giving user admin rights to the whole machine?
Apparently, Facebook can't stand the sight of Snapchat. Why aren't their (failing) cloning efforts frowned upon? It almost seems like Facebook is being saluted.
How can I recover my old Facebook account without Gmail or mobile number and forgotten my password?
Can anyone post pictures of me on social media without my consent?
How do you deal with a fake and envious friend? You just hate seeing their Facebook posts. Is blocking or unfriending​ a great idea?
What would happen to all of the accounts of Facebook users in the current generation after, say, 60 years after all of us would have passed away?
What is Facebook Pixel, conversions and micro conversions?
How do I recover my Facebook password with the normal procedure since I lost the SIM card of telephone?
What will happen if I stop using social apps like WhatsApp, Facebook, Messenger, etc.?
How can I find someone on Facebook from 8 Ball Pool?
How do I link the birth dates of my friends on Facebook to my iPhone?
How can I delete messages I sent to someone on Facebook in both conversations?
Is there any software or process to increase likes on a Facebook post?
How common is it for people to fall in love with someone after reading their entire Facebook Timeline?
How do I advertise on Instagram and Facebook simultaneously when the accounts are already linked?
Can you share your picture here? Do you use another social networking sites like Instagram, Facebook, etc?
Can I trace my laptop without knowing its Mac address, by using the Wi-Fi previous record, an email sent from that, or a Facebook account?
When we comment on posts which come on Facebook, can all people see this?
How can we add members in a group?
What are the Indian (indigenous) options of Facebook, WhatsApp, Quora, Google in India, as the Chinese already have developed their own?
Why don’t Facebook Messenger and WhatsApp use WebSocket?
How does Facebook choose who shows up in the chat sidebar? What does the green light mean?
How much do photo sharing apps like Instagram, Snapchat, Facebook compress images?
If a famous person lets you send them a PM on Facebook, does that mean that they like you?
How do I know who to unban in a Facebook page?
What would you do if your invisible friend vanished?
What is your opinion of Facebook addiction among Indians?
Who did Tenisha Jackson chat with the most on Facebook?
What is the revenue model for Facebook games?
What is the perfect budget strategy for Facebook ads if I'm doing dropshipping?
Is there any tutorial on how to monetize my 100k organic followers on a Facebook page with my blog?
What are some good chat sites like Facebook?
Can I link more than one Facebook account to one Instagram account?
How can I automatically mass invite people who like my posts to like my Facebook page?
Why was the Note feature in Facebook scrapped?
Is it legal to share other people's public shared Facebook pictures on my Facebook page?
How do I get a job with Google or Facebook if I am from India?
How do I stream Facebook data using Apache spark?
Is there any plugin to video block from Facebook apart from its default settings?
What does it mean on Facebook Messenger when the status says active a minute or x minutes ago but the green icon is off?
What are the monthly incomes of the owners of Facebook and Google?
Wouldn't Facebook have strong advantages if they entered into competition against Uber, Thankeyou and Airbnb?
What are the details of advertising on Facebook?
What are other sites you can start a group on besides Facebook?
How can I advertise my Facebook page free of cost on Facebook?
How can (and should) I tell my friend to stop oversharing on Facebook?
Is it also possible to create Facebook ads for Australia being located in Germany?
Why does Facebook keep asking for documents, when I already submitted documents 2 times?
How can I know the true identity of a person on Facebook?
How can I disable Facebook's appointment feature?
Which are the most interesting closed groups on Facebook concerning productivity and self-improvement?
Can we find the amount of sales that are generated every day in the advert manager on Facebook?
What programming software was used to create Facebook Messenger, Snapchat and WhatsApp?
Can you stop a user from knowing that you checked his or her profile on Badoo?
Is Sanjeev Bhatt’s Facebook account fake?
What is the future of messaging apps in providing customer service (WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, vChat)?
What are the latest Facebook video marketing techniques?
Does Facebook keep a permanent record of their user's entire Activity Log, even once the users delete their activity/search history?
Should Facebook consider Quora a future threat? I believe Quora has the potential to make FB irrelevant.
People are using Twitter and Facebook where their freedom of expression has been removed and people are stacked in little groups with the same opinions. Why?
How can I close my Facebook account?
Is it possible to create a plugin for Facebook that automatically modifies the call-to-action button (e.g. Shop Now) on someone else’s Facebook page?
I cursed a girl I know out on Facebook Messenger. She didn't reply, but she didn't delete me or unfriend me. What does this mean?
Why don’t the top programmers and engineers working at Facebook and Google make their own app or something new so that they can replace these companies?
What is the highest number of shares any of your Facebook posts has ever achieved?
Can I translate any article at any website and publish it on my website or Facebook ?
How do I block Facebook and LinkedIn notifications in Gmail?
People seem friendlier on Instagram than on Facebook. What role does UI design play in that?
A friend of mine on Facebook recently added 4 people but I can only see 3, is there a way to find out who this is?
How did Mark Zuckerberg draw the line of friendship and business with his first 50 employees?
Why did Facebook change the UI for changing profile pictures?
How do I remove a bad photo of myself from Facebook that someone else posted?
When someone blocks you on Facebook, how long does it last before it gets lifted?
How many friends do you have on Facebook and how many of them are your close friends?
Whether they speak about spirituality, entrepreneurship, health or investing, who are your favorite people to follow on Facebook?
Do you know any Facebook accounts of the top Clash Royale players?
If Facebook, Snapchat, or one of the other big social media websites went out of business, what would happen to all of the data they've collected?
Can I see who is visiting my FB page?
How do I make the Twitter account @dopeandnerds famous?
How do I prevent my Facebook fan page from being unpublished?
She always responds to my WhatsApp messages, but not to my Facebook messages. She is always online on Facebook. Should I leave her?
What needs to be done to keep Quora from being hijacked by political vested interests like Facebook?
Where can I buy sparklers (fireworks) online in India with COD facility (could be any site, Facebook page, Instagram account, etc.)?
What would you do to a friend on Facebook who's ​been talking bad about you behind your back and being envious? Block him, or leave him in your friends list?
How do I remove the annoying bar of Direct/Your Story from showing up at the top of my news feed on Facebook?
Why can't I see all persons who reacted to my FB photo?
What policies/restrictions exist around paying people to post to their Facebook, Instagram and Twitter timelines?
What offerings does Facebook have for real estate agents to advertise? How effective is it?
Where can I find someone to help me get my hacked Facebook ID back? I don’t even know the email.
Is there any way to get a wider newsfeed on mbasic.facebook.com?
Can I use my Quora address on Facebook?
Will blocking someone's phone block them through Facebook?
What if you are in love with your Facebook friend?
How do I recover deleted Facebook photos?
In Facebook API, is there a way to get a mentioned/tagged person in a post or comment?
How can I get data from a Facebook individual’s profile?
Why is it that a man thinks it's ok to have photos and videos open on all sites and thinks he needs over a thousand friends on Facebook?
How can Quora be useful in JEE preparations with creating an extreme contrast to Facebook?
Is there any way to detect visitors viewing our Facebook profiles?
How do I use Facebook app without risking my privacy?
How am I able to change the event photo on Facebook?
Suppose xyz is a social networking site that will replace Facebook. What features will you expect from xyz?
Is there any automated way to reply on Facebook comments?
What if Facebook suddenly disappears?
Is replying on Twitter like commenting on a post on Facebook? If so, is it publicly posted?
How can I find Personal Ads on Facebook?
Facebook updates its Android and iOS application without an update from the App Store or Play Store. How is this possible? Is it a hybrid-using web?
Why is everyone so obsessed with Mark Zuckerberg?
A family member sent me a friend request on Facebook, should I add them?
How do I target a Facebook ad for selling LulaRoe?
What would've been better for Snapchat's founders, an IPO or taking the $ 3 billion dollar offer from Facebook?
People usually comment score when I become friends with someone on Facebook, what does their comment actually mean?
My Facebook profile isn't going public even though my settings are all set to everyone. Is there a way to force it to go public?
How can I fix a problem creating events on a Facebook business page?
Why I cannot send a second friend request to someone in Facebook?
In this age of WhatsApp forwards, which digital media or Facebook pages can we turn to for credible news and journalism?
How can I stop the frequent blocking of my Facebook account?
How much money does Facebook take away from India?
How can I share my responses without seeing other replies?
How do I stop friends from seeing my comments/likes on other pages?
What is your opinion about Ravindra Babu Ravula going live on Facebook and discussing with students on general matters?
Should I start up a sales website or do I create a Facebook page and sell the product there, mainly to save cost?
How can I add a link to my "Send to Mobile" button in Gameroom?
How do I target parents who have children with upcoming birthdays on Facebook ads?
How do I make the Facebook comment box display on Blogger mobile view?
How do I change my Facebook address?
Where can I post my Facebook page so that everyone can see it and like it?
How does someone react when their Facebook account is hacked?
How can I retrieve a deactivated account of an old friend who I want to get in touch with?
How do you hide your feed from other people on Instagram?
How do I use Facebook Messenger Ads for business?
How do online portals like Amazon and Facebook get people's money in their pockets technically?
Why doesn't Facebook Messenger say the dates of when someone reads your messages?
How come a comment notification appears in your email and YouTube notifications box but doesn’t appear in the comments section of a video?
How do I update my profile picture and name on messenger?
How do you get a job in Facebook Engineering?
Do you have to have Facebook to use Messenger?
Are there examples of Facebook fan page headings?
How do I find someone's Facebook account using a picture?
How can I know about Facebook audience targeting?
How do I make a social networking site like Facebook without sufficient knowledge of software?
Is there anyway to bypass users on my app needing to click "send invite" to a friend on Facebook?
How much time does Facebook take in reviewing an additional document?
Is there a way to see all of my Facebook actions since day 1?
How much money should I invest per day in Facebook ads to promote a product if I'm doing dropshipping?
Is it possible to get a notification when someone activates their account on Facebook?
What does it mean if my Messenger message was sent but not delivered?
What is the difference between inFeedo and Facebook Workplace? Are they competitors of each other?
What Facebook groups is the best for business owners?
If I confirm a relationship request on Facebook, will it show on everyone's feed?
What makes you stay away from Facebook?
I created a Facebook account when I was 11 years old, but now I'm 15 years old. Would it be a good idea to change the year I was born from 1992 to 2002?
Does Facebook scan peoples brains?
Can we read someone's Facebook messages?
When running a Facebook ad campaign, how do I estimate the cost per impression, before launching?
How can I make a Facebook survey?
My Facebook ID security check code was sent to my old phone number, and it won't let me select a different one. How do I change it?
Can I send messages to more than one person at a time on Facebook? What happens when I do so?
Can I view all of a specific Tumblr account’s posts, comments, replies, and likes?
How can I send more than 500 people an event invite on Facebook?
Does Facebook always know if a person is parent or it can miss a good percent of times - asking this from Facebook advertising perspective?
How often is the code refactored at Facebook/WhatsApp/Instagram?
I sent my teacher a Facebook friend request and she hasn't accepted it or rejected it. What does this mean?
Is Quora becoming the next Facebook, where people do stupid things?
What kinds of apps and software do Facebook and Microsoft buy?
Is there a way to automatically remove all tags of someone on my Facebook page? I have deleted all 'couple' photos of my ex and I don’t need to block.
How do you tag multiple people/groups on Facebook?
How do you know if you have posted an inappropriate status to Facebook?
Does Facebook measure the reading time on a location of a feed?
Is Quora's 'upvote' an equivalent to Facebook's 'like '?
Is Quora addictive like Facebook and other social sites?
How's Instagram different from Facebook if it just enables us to upload photos and videos what we can always do on Facebook?
Is Facebook’s marketing unreliable?
How does Facebook Code Generator feature works?
Do you prefer your friends on Facebook share photos or short videos of their vacations?
How can I get notifications about a person of what he posts or what his friends post on his timeline who is not in my friend list in Facebook?
What does it mean if you added a person on Messenger?
How do I make a page on Facebook where I can sell handicrafts?
How do I put my videos on Facebook to Flipagram?
Why do some people replace “a” with “v” in Facebook posts and Messenger conversations ?
Is there a way of viewing content from a Facebook group without a Facebook account (such as a shareable link like on Google)?
Are ads available on Facebook Free Basics?
How much do we need to spend on Facebook or Instagram advertising (hypothetical number)?
How can I see when I was last logged in on my PicsArt account?
Do you know of any social network that uses common interests and algorithms to suggest friends, instead of being based on common friends?
Each time you message a non-friend on Facebook Messenger, do they have to accept your request for each message you send?
How do I check which Facebook friend requests I've declined?
What would Facebook look like if it didn't depend on our confirmation bias?
How do I find the email ID of an unknown Facebook user?
How can I return to my old Facebook password after changing it?
How can I see who looked at my Facebook profile?
What is the best way to market a Facebook shop and extend its reach?
How do I get Facebook's API for my app?
Why doesn't Facebook buy Snapchat?
What is Facebook magazine? What is the way to build a Facebook magazine using digital marketing services?
Why does it beep before it rings when I call someone on Messenger?
Why do people on Quora blame social networking sites like Facebook, WhatsApp, etc.?
How is it to be at Facebook, Google, Microsoft, or Apple as an intern?
What's the realest thing someone has ever said to you?
How do I get more visitors to my blog from social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.?
Which has more impact on daily life: Facebook or Quora?
What happens if Facebook asks for my ID proof, and I never give it to them?
What does the flower smiley in Facebook denote?
What will you miss if you don't open Facebook and Instagram for a year?
How do I invite someone to Messenger who is not on Facebook?
What's the difference between Facebook and YouTube in terms of their ad releasing strategy?
What reason is there for someone disappearing from my “people you may know” list on Facebook after a period of time? I didn’t remove him.
How can one figure out the true identity of a person on Facebook?
Is there any way that I can see a list of people on Quora, like those on Facebook?
What’s the website where you can put your Facebook ID URL and it automatically generates all the links to show what you’ve shared publicly?
Can I view nude Facebook pics that were removed?
Is it possible for a startup to catch up to Google/Facebook in AI?
How can I change my profile pic on Messenger now that I have removed Facebook?
How can I get that blue tick on my official fb page?
I accidentally pressed the ‘limit old posts’ feature on Facebook and I want to get rid of that. Is there any option available?
How do you make money on a Facebook page?
Why doesn't Facebook or Google provide free Internet to poor people?
Is there a secondhand selling/sharing group (Facebook group/community/store) in Halle, Brabant, Belgium?
Which strategies can be used to make people like a brand's Facebook page during an event organized by that brand?
Which is the best website to buy Facebook Likes cheap?
What is your opinion on the Facebook group, Offensive Humour 2.0?
How do I read back a comment from a page if the owner deleted my comment on Facebook?
Is it liberating to run a Facebook account with no friends, letting anyone comment on your public posts?
What is the meaning of the Facebook reaction having a purple flower?
How do you get un-shadowbanned from Instagram?
Will you feel jealous if your boyfriend gives love reacts on Facebook to photos of other women?
Its is safe to convert my personal Facebook account in to a business page?
How can I recover a Facebook account if I have forgotten my password as well as the email address and the phone number linked to it?
How many people are using the Facebook Stories feature?
How much should I charge a month to manage an Instagram and Facebook for a car dealership? I will report analytics, create original content, and run sponsored ads on both platforms.
Can I use Presto on Facebook to retrieve public posts from a specific city?
How can I be successful with my Facebook art page without spending too much time and money?
Roman Saini's Facebook page is not yet a verified account by Facebook. Why?
A friend posted to my timeline. Can I see the audience they selected?
Why do certain websites like Poshmark or Facebook have continuous feed pages? I don't like continuous feeds and I will not go to any site that does it.
How can I access Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and all the other blocked sites in China?
How can I hack someone by sending a message through Facebook?
Why can't Quora ever surpass FB or WhatsApp in popularity?
How do I bring down Facebook ads cost?
Is the Facebook automation tool www.fbmarketingautomation.com any good?
During Facebook’s startup, did Mark Zuckerberg write all the code in one language, or did he know most of the languages at that time which are being used, today?
Can you use replies from your Facebook posts in a printed media without any intellectual property issues?
What are some of the functionalities that social media apps like Snapchat, Facebook, WhatsApp, YouTube, Pinterest, and Instagram lack? What are social media apps going to look like in the next five years?
Can anybody help? My Facebook account was hacked.
How can I change my Facebook relationship status without notifying everyone?
Is Facebook going to add a theme feature, a set background color or an image option for the mobile app or is there anyway one can do it using APKs?
How can one apply data science to Facebook ads?
How did Zuckerberg made money after making Facebook?
Shouldn't we consider Google, Facebook, Amazon, and other big companies as monopolies, and slash them?
How do I turn off Chrome desktop notifications for Facebook Messenger but not Facebook?
Is there a way to find abandoned Facebook pages?
How can I log into my Facebook account without a password? It is linked to my Yahoo ID which I can no longer access?
How do I write a farewell message for college, which I would like to post on Facebook? The message should not be too emotional and a little funny.
Do they have Facebook in North Korea? Because sometimes when I go to Facebook live map, I find some 1 or 2 lives broadcasting from there.
How can I find a contact number on Messenger?
How can I share a Facebook post to Twitter?
What should I write in an open letter to Fb Sister?
On Facebook, does a friend's post suddenly appearing on your feed (when it usually doesn't) mean that they've been looking at your content?
What are the best social media platforms for insurance?
Should I promote my YouTube channel or Facebook page (related to my business) first, or enrich the page/channel content first, then start to promote?
What's the weirdest thing you've seen on your Facebook feed?
How I can check who has shared my photo post on Facebook?
What type of post (picture, link, event, mention, shares, etc.) on your Facebook business page do you find receives the most engagement with your target audience?
Can you get old Facebook messenger messages recovered somehow?
Why is my deactivated Facebook account still visible to the public and on my old friends’ 'friends lists'?
Which is the best platform/CMS for creating a social network website just like Facebook?
What results are required in order to get followers on Facebook?
How can I edit my cover photo on Facebook?
What are some of the best meme pages in Facebook and Instagram?
Why are people still on Facebook?
Is there a Facebook messenger alternative for windows phone?
Why does Facebook offer its 'Year in Review' and 'Look Back' videos?
Why is my deactivated account still visible in my old Friends lists?
How I can log in Facebook without log in approval?
Facebook is showing me advertisements for items I searched on Amazon. How is Facebook doing this?
How do I add to the Book section at the left side of my Facebook profile page?
How do I know who view my photos on Facebook?
Is it possible for the time/date of a message (not a stat) on Facebook to bed falsified (i.e., made earlier)?
Who is the person(s) or company behind the Tasty cooking videos you often see on Facebook?
If you decline a message request on Facebook Messenger, can that person send you another message request?
How can I retrieve all my chats that I have deleted from Facebook?
Who according to you is the most unbiased and intelligent Facebook page admin?
How do I get a Facebook notification of non-friend people?
How do I know if people have checked my FB profile?
Which is the best work app to work with my team: Facebook Workplace or Slack?
My custom show\hide button defaults to show on page refresh, how do I stop that?
Why does Facebook tell me that I have 4 new views when I cannot even see who viewed my profile and what do I do with these notifications?
How do you hide what pictures you liked when someone searches for them on Facebook?
How can I know if a post of a Facebook page is an ad or not?
How do I see the profile picture of my friend who has blocked me?
Is there a way to permanently delete the Messenger app and message through Facebook only?
How do I block someone I am already blocked from on Facebook?
Can I log into Facebook using Instagram?
There’s a Facebook name that I need for my page, but someone already has it. Their page was last used in 2010. Is there a way I can get that username?
People say there are many flaws in Facebook. They are saying you can get thousands of followers just like a celebrity in a few days. Is this true?
How can I add all my friends to my closed face-book group without getting blocked?
How do I switch from privacy to public on a Facebook app?
What are the disadvantages of making Facebook account?
Who handles Prabhas' Facebook account?
How can I find the person who hacked my Facebook account?
Is it okay to copy an article from Quora to Facebook?
How can I make more people join Facebook groups?
How do people make money through Facebook pages under the entertainment category?
Is it possible to run a JavaScript code snippet on my Facebook profile to check if someone's snooping?
Can I view my messages on Messenger.com if I have subscribed with my phone number (without a Facebook account)?
Which are the informative apps that I can use instead of wasting my time on FB, Insta or WhatsApp?
Will big companies like Facebook, Google and Rockstar accept me as a programmer without degree?
What are the names of websites to be used instead of wasting my time on Facebook?
What attribution tools give you insights into your Google and Facebook campaigns beyond what the platforms do by themselves?
How do I upload a video to make it autoplay in my Facebook timeline and Facebook page?
Does the Facebook app save your history?
Why does Facebook update its APK every other day?
What should I write on my Facebook wall to tell people that I am leaving Pune due to a transfer?
What are the ways to get a Facebook friend's (a girl) phone number?
Can you track someone's IP from a comment he posted on Facebook?
How much would you have to spend to boost a post on FB to 1 million people?
Which font did Facebook use for their F8 2017 keynote?
What are the preferences for group posts?
How do you find videos on Facebook?
How do I get someone’s contact info on Messenger?
Why isn't my university updating my merit page?
What is the right Facebook experience for your age?
Why don’t my social apps, Facebook, and WhatsApp remain connected to the internet? Every time I have to turn the mobile data off and then on to get notifications.
How can I know the exact location of a person who sent a message from the general Facebook website using mobile?
Do you know any pages on Facebook for crazy commercial ideas?
Are there students who used to waste their time on Facebook and then stopped?
I followed a person accidentally and then unfollowed them on Facebook. Will they receive a notification​?
How do I create Facebook notification using web worker?
How can I apply for Facebook’s new 3000 live-streaming monitoring jobs?
Does Facebook use metadata-driven development?
What data does Facebook SDK collect from app users?
How and on what basis do people get their Twitter/Facebook/Instagram accounts verified?
What is an appropriate line for a best friend who can’t be a Facebook friend?
How can I find people who have English content and they need a French translation, using Facebook groups?
How can I get more relevant and active followers for my Facebook page?
What are your favorite solutions to some of the biggest problems in the world?
How do I take a cool Facebook profile picture?
How can I see a friend’s active log?
How do I make FB accounts?
Is there an actual app or easy way I can monitor my spouse’s Facebook and email activity, besides leaving a long ad to hire some super hacker?
Did Mark Zuckerberg revolutionize artificial intelligence by creating Jarvis?
What is the best online tool for building a viable, engaging business network? LinkedIn? Facebook? Other?
What kind of data can I get from a Facebook user’s friends list after they log in using Facebook?
How do I create a catchy page for selling jewellery via FaceBook?
What type of copyright issues can I expect if I’m creating a TV series page on Facebook?
How can we know when a person logs into Facebook?
How can I get Facebook to send me a new password for my ten-minute mail?
How can I see my boyfriend’s messages to other women on Facebook?
How do companies like Facebook, Google, and Microsoft hire employees?
What is the procedure for getting the original information of a person from his fake Facebook account?
Is there any way to see older passwords list in Facebook?
What is the best way to have Many folowers on Facebook group?
How does Google/Facebook test their products? What are their automation testing strategies?
How can I read my partner's Facebook Messenger without having his phone?
How can I gain access to my Gmail and Facebook accounts? I don't have the same phone or number or the passwords associated with my accounts.
Have you liked a picture on Facebook/Instagram just for the sake of liking it?
Should we block people on Facebook whom we don't agree with? Under what circumstances should we block and under which should we not?
Why don't Indian women share pictures of their husbands on Facebook, and why do they never mention whom they're married to?
How can I block my Facebook page post from a specific person?
How important are software patents to a new Facebook or Google?
Can a person have more than one Facebook account?
How can I see the posts of a closed group and what they posted?
Can you post something that's not live on Facebook live?
Can you delete a group on Facebook?
Is there any real hacking of Facebook?
How do I delete all my Facebook posts at once? I am using an Android/Windows PC.
How can I find out who's looking at my Facebook profile that's not on my friend?
How can I automatically post on Facebook?
How do police track a deleted Facebook account's user IP address that was deleted 3 months ago?
Will Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, etc. still be around in 50 years?
How do I change my Google Now feed so that it shows me local cards?
Why doesn't Facebook bring back the security feature of login approvals?
Who are the 10 best Facebook bloggers on weight loss?
Why does wowcrush.com not open in a tab, but it works while entering it in the comment box in Facebook?
Is there any tool to monitor relation status changes on Facebook?
What are the benefits of creating a Facebook page?
How can I monetize a Facebook group with more than 340K members?
Which is the best Facebook group on startup hiring?
Will Facebook be regulated? What would regulation look like?
How do I set up a new Facebook account with a different name and email?
Are affiliate links accepted for paid ads on Facebook, Google or other search engines?
What kind of sponsored ads show up on your Facebook feed? Do they interest you or annoy you?
A page on Facebook stole one of my answers on Quora and posted it as their own. What can I do?
How could we fetch conversations from a deactivated account on Facebook?
Where do I find a Facebook strategist and a Facebook consumer acquisition specialist who can be results paid?
If nearby friends say 1mn, does that mean they were on Facebook a minute ago?
What is Facebook Audience Network?
What do you think regarding the meme culture that is becoming more and more prevalent in Facebook (and internet in general)?
How do I tag friends on Facebook on Android?
How do I promote a URL shortening website via AdWords, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.?
Whenever I mention someone in a Facebook comment, it is visible to everyone. How can I avoid that?
How can we see someone’s Facebook profile if they have blocked us?
What does this means, “This advert format is not currently supported in the desktop news feed”?
A kid asked my girlfriend for nudes on Facebook. He has a girlfriend, but kept asking for it. We found his mom on Facebook. Should we tell her?
Where can I find the Facebook page verification form?
How do I prevent Facebook from blocking my Facebook account?
One of my questions is not on my questions list but can be found on a Quora search with my name credited. What happened?
Can I sue Facebook for asking my identity?
Are there any Facebook pages like TheBetterIndia?
Why does Tinder show a friend I recently added on Facebook?
What's the best Facebook auto group poster software in 2017?
What do the ticks mean in Messenger?
How often do Facebook and Zuckerberg get sued?
What could be the Facebook audience for men's business watches product?
Why do couples carry on conversations on Facebook rather than a phone call or text?
One requires code to run a website, so would it be possible to run Facebook with only one person?
Can I change the name of my Facebook page even if my account is temporarily blocked (i.e., I can't write anything)?
If Mark Zuckerberg ran for President and won, assuming China and other leaders allow FB to operate, is it in shareholders interest for him to run?
How can a minor monetize their Facebook pages?
What is the need of Facebook?
What would happen if Facebook is globally banned?
Do guys check their other messages when they have a crush on any stranger and they expect that stranger to message them on Facebook?
What percentage of Facebook users share their email IDs?
What are the recent changes in Facebook?
What does it mean when a friend (boy) likes a picture from few months ago on Facebook?
Why is pornography allowed on Instagram and Twitter, but strictly banned on Facebook?
How do I find the number of Facebook users in a specific city?
Is Keanu Reeves on any kind of social media like Facebook or Twitter?
How do I create a contest on a Facebook page?
How can I sync Facebook birthdays to Google Calendar?
Is it possible to be blocked when you are not friends on Facebook?
How am I gonna open my pictures in Facebook and video, too?
How can I tell if my girlfriend is using secret messages on Facebook?
Will Google lose everything to Facebook?
Why do we use Facebook in social media marketing?
It is unpolite to add someone you don't know on Facebook?
If Facebook goes out of business tomorrow, will the world collapse?
How do I focus on study and stop using Facebook and stop playing Mini Militia?
What is business development at Facebook or Instagram?
Can my friend steal my password if I log into Facebook from his mobile browser? If so, how?
Are people who are blocked on Facebook aware of being blocked?
How can I get new script for auto-adding an FB group?
If I message someone on Facebook who I'm not friends with do they get to read the message before deciding whether to accept my request to friend me?
How do people appear in suggestion list on Facebook?
How can I get the rights to my dead brother's Facebook page? I would like it to be changed to a memorial page, but I do not know how to do this.
Can Facebook see startpage searches?
Can you tell who someone is messaging on Messenger?
What does it mean when it says your mobile number was removed from your account because it was registered and verified buy another Facebook user?
Can one hack FB accounts using online tutorials?
If Google, Facebook, Apple, Amazon and Microsoft were declared monopolies, what would be the best way to break each of them up?
How do you tag a name in a Facebook page post?
How serious a problem is social media addiction?
What are some important community or common interest Facebook groups, secret or closed? In what interesting ways are they used by members?
How can I collect emails on my Facebook page?
How do I delete multiple messages in Messenger?
How do I find my friend’s Facebook comments?
Does Facebook record audio on users' devices for ad-targeting purposes?
Why is there little information about the Facebook founders (other than Mark Zuckerberg)?
Will your friend see your activity on Facebook Messenger when your messenger is running in the background?
Is it wrong to brag on Facebook page about your company's projects?
Why is my question not on my profile page anymore?
How can I chat with a following friend on Facebook?
Why would someone friend request you on Facebook then pretend they didn't?
How can I find someone using my Facebook without my knowledge?
How can I read a message on another person’s Facebook account without knowing their names?
What is the architecture of a Facebook Messenger extension?
Is Facebook liking a page for me without my permission?
How can I allow everyone to like my photos on Facebook?
Should someone with Asperger’s have a Facebook account?
How do I unblock myself from someone’s Facebook account?
Should Quora add feature opening the links internally within the app like Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter?
How can I crop a Facebook photo?
Is it legal to use Facebook for commercial purposes?
How can someone get money from Facebook?
A guy on Facebook proposed to me online, and I accepted the proposal and it's been a month. We are in a relationship. Is he using me, or is he really serious?
What is the email ID of Facebook?
If you send a message and deactivate your Facebook account, will they still see your name?
What software does Facebook use for its videos?
How does Facebook display what your friends have liked?
Is it possible for my friend to re-tag me on a photo on Instagram? I have accidentally removed the tag. Can’t re-tag it now. Is there a way?
Who are the 'Aji Haan' Facebook page admins?
Is the idea of Facebook patented?
Can a deactivated Facebook account be hacked or not?
We are not Facebook friends anymore, but we do have preexisting conversations from when we were. I sent the message two days ago and it still says "sent" but not "delivered.” Will he be able to read it?
There is a lot of conflicting advice on Facebook ads. If there was any question you could ask about Facebook advertising, what would it be?
Should I use Facebook as my personal diary and fully fill profile with personal data?
How can I align text to the right on Facebook?
What are the advanced features of Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter?
What might a Facebook advertiser attempt to sell a suicidal teenager?
What are some good Facebook page and page post autolikers that give 200+ likes on a single click?
How do you hide being on messenger?
How do I hide my Facebook relationship status but keep it visible on my fiancee's profile for her friends?
How do I recover Facebook acount without Gmail and password?
Why do Bangalore-based troll Facebook pages behave so cheaply and make themselves the troll at the end?
Can you use a picture you previously saved from Facebook to relocate it on Facebook?
How do I know if my friend has a dual messenger in the same account?
Do Google, Apple, and Facebook hire Qt/C++ engineers?
How do I update a blank status on Facebook?
Why are internet providers going to block Facebook once we don't have net neutrality anymore?
Can one send a Facebook friend request using Facebook SDK?
Why do the same notifications continue to show unread count on Facebook on the Android app even after opening them?
How do some Facebook pages put advertisement in between of the video?
Is there is any way to upload .mp3 files to Facebook and YouTube with fixed images with high resolution?
Whom can I contact on Facebook to ask about an MA in literature?
How do you retrieve a lost Facebook password?
Can you hide a friend from your friends list?
What is an alternative to Facebook and Instagram?
What does “favorites” in Facebook Messenger mean?
Does Facebook record your video calls on Facebook?
What is the bullish argument for Amazon, Apple, Google, Facebook, Microsoft, and Netflix?
Someone sent me a message and a friend request. I deleted the friend request. Does that delete the message also?
How can I make my relationship status on Facebook visible to public except for one friend whom I don't wish to block?
I am dreadfully provoked. How do I trigger a shocking amount of destruction in a lawsuit against Facebook, on a very low budget?
How can I appear online on Facebook every time?
How do you know who has friended you on Facebook?
What happened to the Facebook website?
What is the reason for someone disappearing from the “people you may know” list on Facebook? Does it mean the person removed himself/herself or is this a Facebook decision?
Why can I not unblock someone from my Facebook?
I spent $12 per day for 3 days on Facebook ads, which got me 300 website views per day, but no sales; should I end the campaign or spend more?
How can I buy Facebook likes, YouTube subscribers and Twitter followers?
What is the motivation for Facebook to push their Top Stories newsfeed?
Would it show as delivered if they didn't have a Messenger account?
Can ex-convicts in Australia have gun photos on Facebook?
Which is more complicated in terms of design, Facebook website or F22 Raptor?
What is the user doing in Facebook during active?
Would Facebook achieve the same kind of success (or even exist) had Zuckerberg attended a different school?
How do I tell if someone is new on Facebook?
What season is it where you are right now?
Where can I find Facebook profile data?
How do I integrate Facebook Pixel with TheBookingButton?
Do you have to delete your Messenger app if you have already scheduled your FB for deletion?
Why can't my friends mention me in comments so I can have a notification? It just appears in black font, not blue with a link to my page.
How can I reduce my addiction to FB?
Is it ethical to share and alter a post from one Facebook page to another, adding a misleading image to the new post?
What can I do to resize an event photo to fit on a Facebook page, if I don't have Photoshop? Is there any way to do it online for free?
What happend if I spam messages on Facebook?
How does geolocation work on popular websites like Google, Facebook, and YouTube?
How do I tell if someone with a mobile phone is on Messenger chat or browsing Facebook?
What is the difference between people who use Facebook, Instagram, and Snapchat more and people who use Quora more?
Who is the king of the internet, Google, Facebook or WordPress?
Is the secret conversation encrypted when the device key doesn't match?
What is the perfect name for my Facebook cricket page?
How can I broadcast live IPL matches on my Facebook page?
Why do other social media companies not create revolutionary tech like Facebook does?
What is your most hated Facebook trend today?
How can I generate leads directly in my Autoresponder and Webinar list using Facebook Ads?
What are the Poke and Wave features in Messenger during chatting?
Can I get my deleted conversation back on Messenger?
How long does Facebook take to verify one’s ID?
What does it mean when you are friends with someone on Facebook but you can't see them on any of your friends lists when they used to be there?
What are some ways to unsync your contacts from Facebook on your Android?
Why are people operating fun Facebook pages? Does Facebook pay for this?
How can I move all my saved Facebook posts to a Word document or a PDF?
Is it possible to extract the time for every like and share on Facebook brand pages?
How do I read a message without the seen mark in hangouts messenger?
How do I block a profile on Facebook?
Why did Facebook Messenger decide to focus on ads only while other messaging platforms such as WeChat and Line make money from payments, commerce etc.?
How can I see the secret conversations of my spouse in Messenger?
How do I create a female Facebook account for MMM?
How can I know my opponents' advertising in Facebook?
What is the different when doing marketing by between Billboard and Facebook?
This message pops up on the screen "this person is not available right now". What does this mean? Am I blocked by my friend or I was temporary blocked?
Why can I see the “Add friend”/“Send message” buttons next to a profile picture on a phone but not on a laptop?
Why don't we make our own apps instead of using Facebook and Google in India?
Does it make sense to use additional user information (like age, sex or even Facebook likes) for recommendation systems?
What are the problems in Rails that prevent it from carrying big sites like Facebook, WhatsApp or Google?
Which is the minimum age to use Facebook?
Why won't Facebook load complete photo albums, it just has a spinning cursor?
How do I comment on a Facebook page post through a C++ program?
How can I permanently turn off Facebook's region based pages?
How do you make One single Page your default page in WIX without a /name after?
What is the best Facebook group for expats in your country/city? What rules does it have?
Does Facebook monitor our everyday life?
How can I earn on Facebook or other social media sites?
How does one stop oneself from being an active Facebook and an Instagram addict?
Is there any way to retrieve my old Facebook account password?
Facebook is not responding to my ID verification for the last 1.5 years. What can I do?
Would you "out" a racist on Facebook to their employer or clients?
How can I inbox somebody on Facebook Messenger?
I saw a girl on Facebook and instantly got attracted to her. But she doesn't know me at all. Should I send her a friend request?
Do the number of views shown on our stats page include views from outside sources such as Google, Facebook, etc.?
What is RMIT like for a Master’s in laboratory medicine? The reviews on their Facebook page are very negative, and I would like to hear the views of their alumni.
How do I know if a message request I received is not a fake?
How much does Google, Facebook and Microsoft earn from India?
Can Facebook be defeated by a new company? If yes, how? If no, why not?
How do I get the password for a Facebook friend without permission?
Is there a similar thing as Activity Log from Facebook on Quora? Can I see the posts I upvoted?
What does it say about a person who unfriends you on Facebook because you don't like Trump?
How do you undelete Facebook messages properly?
Is working at Google or Facebook as a software engineer better than college life?
I'm trying to cause a shocking amount of destruction by suing Facebook ($20B). As a Nigerian, how do I bring this lawsuit to fruition?
Is there a way to earn from Facebook like YouTube?
How can an African apply for the, 3000 live streaming monitoring jobs at Facebook?
How do I make a IFTTT recipe to post on FB business page, instead of a FB personal page?
Does WhatsApp still work in China? Since last year, it’s owned by Facebook, no?
How do I remove phone number from my Facebook account?
What is the meaning of accepting an interest request in community matrimony?
How can I see who has blocked me on Facebook?
What is the best Facebook ads type if there is no web page?
How do 3rd party companies get your Facebook page or Instagram account verified with a blue tick in return for money?
If you unfriend someone on FB, would they know it?
How do I get rid of a Facebook and Twitter addiction?
How can I report a cyber crime on a Facebook comment in India?
Will Tinder update my profile pictures without my knowledge?
Is the WhatsApp company under the Facebook company?
Is it possible to merge a restaurant FB page with a musician FB page?
How can I personally conduct social listening on Facebook without the use of questioners or third-party tools?
Is there a way of cross posting images on multiple Facebook pages?
How can I be as good as Google or Facebook developers?
Why is FB using so much space on my phone?
When does Messenger show you as being online? Can Messenger show that you are online without you opening Facebook?
Are there any Indian stock market experts to follow on Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, or Quora?
Can we run multiple lead ads in Facebook?
How can I upload, save and display a profile picture in PHP?
What is the best strategy through Facebook for startups?
How do entrepreneurs like Tim Cook and Mark Zuckerberg sleep only a few hours and remain completely awake the rest of the day?
Among Google, Apple, Facebook, Amazon and Microsoft, which one gets more information about users?
Why did Quora make comments optional? I can no longer comment on something or read other comments. Did Quora just give users the power to censor posts?
Are the terms "Like" and "mutual Friends" owned by Facebook?
Are there any websites which could drive web traffic from a Facebook page?
Why do people keep posting political rubbish on Facebook?
How do you find a person’s Facebook page or wall?
How can I replicate dynamically Facebook Post comments on a Wordpress article?
What programming languages/technologies are beneficial to Android developers at large companies like Google, Amazon, Facebook, Uber, etc.?
Why do my own Facebook posts sometimes not show up in my news feed?
How we can promote webinar on Facebook?
Is it cool to send a friend request on Facebook to your crush, who is your junior?
Why is my ad placement on Facebook smaller than my mobile ad placement?
Is Facebook down? Getting an error saying "Sorry, something went wrong. We're working on it and we'll get it fixed as soon as we can."
What is the best way to save Facebook videos to a computer?
How do I apply for a violet video reader on Facebook?
Can I see if I'm in someone's top six Facebook friends list?
Has Google or Facebook ever recruited KIIT students?
How much should I charge for designing a Facebook page?
How safe is a video call between a couple in Imo or Facebook Messenger?
What is the reason behind many people taking up photography as a hobby in recent times?
A few years ago I was terminated from Facebook. A recruiter who saw I used to work there has reached out asking if I want to return. Is this an error?
I deactivated my Facebook account 2 years ago or more. I remember the email address but totally forgot the password. Is there any way to restore it?
What’s the average usage of WhatsApp and Facebook?
How do I make a Facebook Messenger QR code?
How will Facebook’s marketplace impact Craigslist and eBay's growth?
Why does data on Google Analytics differ from data on social media platforms, specifically Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram?
How is Facebook associated with Reliance Jio?
How social media such as Facebook, path, Snapchat promote their platform at early stages?
Does Mark Zuckerberg waste time on Facebook?
If a Facebook login is compromised, what personal data will be lost??
Why would your ex keep taking themselves off Facebook when you already have them blocked?
Do we need social networking sites for success? Is there any use of these sites for our academic growth?
How did I show up on Facebook’s Nearby Friends?
Why isn't Facebook Group app loading? When will this problem be solved?
What are disadvantages of converting your Facebook profile to a Facebook page in 2017?
On Facebook Messenger, what causes a message request to go from sent (blue circle with checkmark) to delivered (filled in blue circle with checkmark)?
Will users be able to search their Activity Logs of their Facebook Timeline?
Is it possible to turn off unwanted videos in Facebook?
How do I find somebody’s Facebook username?
Can I get an app to hack a Facebook account?
How do I generate large YouTube video thumbnails for Facebook without any site promotion?
Does it affect anything on Facebook if I get blocked?
How can I talk to someone from the Facebook office?
Is it forbidden to sell private ads on a Facebook group as an administrator of the group?
Is iodised salt a bad business tactic? Is it necessary when iodine evaporates upon warming ?
How does one manage/ take control of a Facebook group without an admin?
Why would a name show up several times under a Facebook search?
How do you differentiate between paid Facebook views/clicks to site and organic Facebook views/clicks to site in Google Analytics?
Why does my new account have a different "activity log" (likes) look from my old Instagram?
Do you think the Logical Indian Facebook page is anti Hindu?
Can a Facebook user on Messenger be a creeper?
Why does Facebook Live Map keep crashing when viewing certain live casts? Some streams crash quickly and other seem to stay up and running smoothly.
When will Facebook launch its augmented reality learning platform?
Is it possible to record Facebook voice calls on Windows using Chrome?
What would you advise me to do, if I want to push aside Facebook?
Can I get do follow backlinks from Facebook and Google Plus?
How can I change the Facebook page info?
Why do Android phones come with the Facebook app? Does Facebook pay Google?
How do I get my friend’s number in Facebook Messenger?
How often does Facebook messenger archive messages?
Is the information about health given on Facebook through Facebook pages correct?
How can I get people to see my Patreon page?
How do you design a Facebook banner?
Facebook’s rules say that if your account is disabled, you need permission to make a new account. Where do you go to ask?
Can I use a Nikon D5300 for a live feed on Facebook? If yes, what are the things I need to do in order to do so?
How do you compare Facebook, Twitter and Quora in Indian users perspective?
How can I see when my friends were last on Facebook, since the last update?
How does Facebook get its sponsored ads?
How can I change the Facebook account email account in Quora.com?
How do I sign into my Facebook account with a profile picture?
How do people put special effect on live Facebook videos?
How do I suggest my opinion to Facebook CEO?
Should I stop using Facebook?
How can I read my man’s Facebook messages?
How can you tell, when someone shows active on Facebook Messenger, that a person is chatting with someone else?
My girlfriend blocked her ex on Facebook, but I can still see her likes and comments on his post from a couple of years ago. Has she unblocked?
How do people in the Google office see if someone says, "Add me in Facebook," or "Facebook me"?
How can I change my likes on Facebook?
How did Mark Zuckerberg earn money when he started Facebook and turned the website into a billion-dollar company?
Why is Facebook trying to force me to use the app, instead of Safari on iPad?
How can I earn with my fb fashion page which has around 100k likes?
Can my client pay for his Facebook ads if his page is in my Business Manager account?
How can Facebook be hacked with the SS7 flaw?
How do I apply for a job at Facebook?
I'm American and I'm looking to make friends on Facebook who live in Ireland. How do I go about doing this?
What is the procedure to find out who saw my profile recently in Facebook?
Did you ever love someone so much that you end up getting blocked on Facebook \U0001f601?
Is This rac?
Where is my friend’s list?
How can my startup story be as popular as Mark Zuckerberg or Facebook?
On which Facebook page or group can widowers be found?
Will deleting a comment on Facebook delete it everywhere or just on my device?
How do I prevent a person seeing my post in Facebook who is not a friend to me?
What are some new Facebook tips and tricks?
Why do companies like Facebook and IMO pay stipends if the employees stay less than 5 miles from the office?
Why doesn't Instagram have react emoticons like Facebook?
What does increasing ad spend on a Facebook Ad Set actually do?
Who are the people behind faking news Facebook page?
What script would I need to grant a redirect after a successful Facebook login app, if the app is hosted on a stand alone landing page domain?
I have already downloaded WhatsApp Messenger. Now, how do I start chatting?
What are the digital media strategy you used for relevant website traffic and lead generation apart from Google and Facebook platform?
Who can find out a person behind a fake Facebook account?
How do I promote my Indiegogo page?
Does Facebook prefer to hire developers who are active on Facebook as users?
Can I search for any Facebook account​ by an uploaded pic on that account​?
Is Facebook useless for students?
Is there a grand piano at Facebook's Menlo Park campus?
How do I target FaceBook adverts to clothing brands?
How can I get back into my Facebook account, using my security question?
Can you sue someone for invading your privacy? Like personal things, Facebook/phone messages, etc.?
How can I market a local medical spa on Facebook?
How can I hide my Facebook activity from my girlfriend?
What would happen to their respective companies if Mark Zuckerberg and Satya Nadela interchanged their posts with enough knowledge of the products of the other company?
What does "in a relationship" on Facebook in Mumbai means?
Why is there so much offensive material on Facebook?
What do the circles around the camera in Messenger mean?
What does Facebook use Git for?
How do I find out the email address associated with a private message sent to me through Facebook?
In the future, what company could possibly defeat Facebook in the social media industry? And why?
What would happen if someone tag a person on a video I shared to selected people on Facebook?
How do I hide my friend list on Facebook?
Can I connect my existing 8 Ball Pool, which is connected to my Google account, to Facebook?
Facebook says that they're not taking applications for blue checkmark verifications at the moment. How do you get one?
Can you see when a friend has viewed your Facebook?
What are Facebook's SWOTs?
Do Facebook users find Facebook less appealing since the removal of interest lists (adding pages to lists)?
How do I tell my autistic brother that he will never become a programmer at Google or Facebook, etc.?
How accurate is the Facebook audience size meter?
How many characters can we write if we post something on Facebook?
How do I promote an online store or Facebook page in a different​ country​ (eg Australia)?
Why did Facebook ask me if I knew a specific girl from the suggestion list?
Is being an out-of-state applicant for a business job at companies such as Google, Facebook, and Apple a disadvantage?
How can I recover one post that I posted in a Facebook group if I deleted it unexpectedly?
When on Facebook Messenger, what does it mean when you see “video chat” under one of your contact’s name?
How do certain products (or news) that are not more special than others (fidget spinner, Facebook, etc.) become so popular?
Is it normal to brag about your academic grades on social media sites like Facebook?
Is it wrong to unfriend someone in my circle of friends?
How can I contact Facebook’s/Twitter’s CEO?
What are the best platforms to distribute your blog posts besides the usual Facebook, Instagram and EDMs?
Is there any Tamilian working in Facebook, Google and Microsoft?
Why do some follow unknown people on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and what is their actual intention?
How does Facebook ad work?
What are the best app to get auto comment on Facebook page or account?
Does Facebook provide any API to log in to an account with Python?
Can I host multiple Facebook live streams on a website?
Is it possible to look at items available in a Facebook merchandise store online?
How do you use a Facebook Pixel to create a custom audience of everyone who visits your website if it's installed on multiple websites?
How do I create a bot/website which can search for a particular hashtag or keyword on Twitter/Facebook from the people I follow?
Is it possible to use old versions of websites such as LinkedIn and Facebook?
What do you think about suicide on social media like Facebook? I just saw the news that a man is killing his baby, daughter, and himself.
How do I merge two FB accounts? Will I lose photos?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked me how I was doing?
What cool analytics stuff can you do with your Facebook messaging history?
What are the features of Facebook video post translation?
What is the most customizable plugin for Facebook photos / albums in WordPress?
What are the best interests to use on Facebook ads for watches?
Does Quora sell data to Facebook?
If I were to start a Facebook group to discuss canonical events in Star Wars, how do I get people to join?
How can I download Facebook videos in an Andriod phone?
How can you go into a person's page that blocked you?
In what update where Facebook chat heads removed?
What should you say in your first chat with an unknown friend on Facebook if she is online?
Is it illegal for me to share a standard YouTube licensed video with my friends on Facebook?
Can I see “last seen” on Messenger if I am not her friend on Facebook?
What does it mean on Facebook Messenger when the status says active a minute or minutes ago, but the color green indicator does not show?
How do I avoid tagging on Facebook?
Why do exes tend to create fake Facebook accounts to spy on you? I mean, the relationship ended, so why spy on her/him?
Why is there no rival app for Facebook?
Why are engineers trolled so much on social media, especially Facebook?
Should I share my book cover and description on social networking sites before publishing it on KDP?
Is there still a chance in 2017 to compete with Facebook?
What URLs should I insert in Facebook ads, "view tags"?
What is the proper way to absorb an existing Facebook page when you acquire a business and location?
Why doesn't Facebook care about UI?
Is it okay to accept a friend requests you get in Facebook without knowing them in person but you have mutual friends?
How do I view my Instagram activity on Facebook?
Does popularity on Facebook affect your popularity in real life?
Does Facebook help to get into a relationship?
How do I react thankfully on Facebook?
Is is possible to do affiliate marketing on Facebook directly without having any website or blog?
How do you see videos on Facebook with your phone?
How do my videos go live on Facebook?
Why does the person I search for on Facebook show up many times?
How do I use Facebook links on LinkedIn?
I've just joined Facebook. What are some things I should keep in mind? (while making my profile, posting, etc.)
What was it like to date Sheryl Sandberg?
Why is Facebook installed on Android 6 Sony Xperia X permanently and can’t be uninstalled?
How can anyone give up the addiction of Facebook?
Is it possible to know who has viewed my Facebook page?
If someone keeps blocking and unblocking on Facebook, does it affect the photo in search?
Do Aspies often have Facebook feeds with higher S/N ratio (especially to outsiders)?
How can I get the 2010 version of Facebook back?
Should I use int or VARCHAR in MySQL (or other databases)?
What does the green picture with wine on messenger mean?
How can I see which non-friends have viewed my Facebook page?
If I want to start up a social media site a little like Facebook, what is the easiest way to do it?
Facebook has expanded the content review team. Does it show that China's network management has something to learn from it?
Is Facebook a cult?
What do Facebook metrics like the total views of a page actually & honestly mean?
What rules does Facebook implement to claim companies’ trademarks?
How can find friends on Facebook by their IP?
What happened to Facebook games?
Is making a fan page on Facebook or Instagram legal?
How can I reach someone in the Facebook Ads team? My ads don't work. The budgets are not being used, targeting variations are done, tickets are being raised, and nothing works.
How does Facebook still know my e-mail address after clearing my browser data?
Which WordPress plugin allows users to create business pages, like Facebook pages?
How do I make money from a fake Facebook account with 4000 friends and 1000 followers?
How do I find the location of a Facebook user?
AdSense ads are not showing whena user is coming from Facebook. Why is this happening only with me on Facebook?
Why do my friends’ profiles show eight pictures of their friends?
Why hasn't Twitter grown like Facebook?
Is there a way to upload a video with a photo album on Facebook?
When can I share a post from another page in a group from my new account so Facebook doesn't block that account?
Why do my questions not show up on my page?
Do cricketers have their own FB IDs?
What does it mean on Facebook when it says contact?
How do I change the color of my comments in Facebook?
Did anyone try to make an alternate version of Facebook or Quora?
Why it is that someone sees my message on Facebook but "seen" does not appear at that time. After some hours it appears as seen hours ago?
Will I ever return to my Facebook sociability? Folks seem to worry that they haven't read my postings in 2 months.
How do I change my name on Messenger on my Android?
How do I add my Twitter account to my FB account?
Should I ask my fiance why she has blocked me on Snapchat, Instagram and Facebook? Should I just trust her?
Would you rather rule Facebook or Quora?
Can I hack Facebook accounts by using a rooted Android mobile?
Can a Facebook business manager account create a Facebook page?
Why is it that some of the sponsored ads on Google and Facebook are linked to what you search for on the Internet?
How can I get licence key for Facebook tool kit?
What does Mark Zuckerberg do as he works 60 hours per week? Does he code or go to meetings and stuff?
Does a person know when I save his/her profile image on Facebook?
What would 9/11 have been like if social media (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.) had the same prevalence then that it does today?
How do I warn the Facebook CEO directly, without any third party?
What is Facebook actually meant for?
Will Facebook, Twitter, and WhatsApp lead to death?
What are the allegations against Mark Zuckerberg in the social network movie?
Is there an app or a script that will give you notifications about the activity of your "close friends," like what Facebook used to give, e.g., when they comment?
How can we post Twitter posts on Facebook automatically?
What database or storage is used by Facebook to store its live streaming data?
I was an administrator of a Facebook group and I deleted my account. What happened with the group?
What should be the motive behind updating a story on Snapchat?
What is the process of getting business page verification tick on Facebook?
I can't access my Facebook account because the confirmation code is being sent to my old mobile number, which I lost. What should I do?
Is Facebook a DDOS attack on humanity?
Is it really possible to hack someone's messenger acct?
What should I name my Facebook page which is based on affiliate marketing?
Is it possible to access a Facebook account with two different passwords?
What is the diameter of a large graph (Facebook or Google graph) used for? What are the applications and some usage cases?
One girl “unfriended” me on Facebook and in turn it made me so disappointed that I blocked her. Was that the right thing to do?
What are the signs that your Facebook page is being blocked?
What is the the structure of Facebook iOS and Android application?
Why do many people consider Facebook a waste of time?
What year did you start using Facebook? I started in 2011.
Can you explain these conflicting Facebook video metrics?
Does Facebook and/or Instagram watermark their users’ content?
Is Gmail easier than Facebook to be hacked?
How can I download a Facebook video on my phone?
How can I log in to FB without a password or an email?
How often and for what type of posts do you use Facebook?
How can I tell if a friend I am following is excluding me from their posts on Facebook?
How do I make a good looking website like Facebook or Quora?
Are Apple, Alphabet, Facebook, etc., working directly to advance the field of health/medicine?
Should I quit Facebook, WhatsApp, and other social media sites for a better future?
What circle in Pinterest posts mean?
Why are there less number of likes on Quora's posts on Facebook?
What is the minimum cost for Facebook ads in India?
Is Mr. Mark Zuckerberg’s personal e-mail address contact available, just for me?
Is it good practice to write likes and dislikes when the buttons are clicked directly to a database such as MySQL or put them in an async queue?
When is Facebook going to die?
How long does Facebook take to close an account in case of inactivity?
Why would my iPhone appear to be logged into my Facebook account as an iPad?
Should I post a picture of my (plastered) broken hand on Facebook?
How can we see others’ updates on Facebook without having a Facebook account?
How do you add a countdown to a Facebook page?
Why are there no dates/timestamps visible on the questions and answers in Facebook’s Help Community?
How does Facebook approve ads? How do they do it so quickly?
What will be happen with Facebook in future, let's say in two or five years?
Other than Amazon, Facebook, etc., what are some other big companies that use mergers and acquisitions as part of their growth strategy?
What do the 5 dots appearing at the beginning of the Facebook Lite app mean? Does each dot represent any level of connection establishment?
How can I pay for a Facebook page in Uganda since I have no card?
What would Magic Leap do if Avegant & Microsoft teamed up to make a light field HoloLens?
Should I delete my Facebook account right now? I want to begin anew.
On my MetroPCS account, how do I get access to my second line?
On Facebook, girls get more likes and comments. Is the same thing happening on Quora?
How do I delete all Messenger messages?
How do Facebook chatbot platforms allow users to create bots tied to Facebook pages without requiring a Facebook app review for each new page?
Why did you "unfriend" all of your Facebook friends?
Facebook Instant Articles Doesn't show Ads, can someone help?
Why does Facebook create a dark web website?
Can I Share a text file on Facebook?
Will Facebook be a good choice to post my song covers?
A has blocked B's account on Facebook. If C (a mutual friend of both A and B) comments on a post or a photo posted by A, will B be able to see that post or photo?
What is the use of a hashtag on Facebook or Instagram when uploading an image?
Can anyone spy on my Facebook?
If you read a Facebook Messenger message via a push notification without opening the app, will the sender see their message as being marked read?
Do you think Quora will soon run promotions on paid advertisements from businesses just like Facebook to build revenue?
Does Facebook pay for likes on a page like YouTube does?
Do you like your fans on Quora more than you like your fans on Facebook?
Is it a crime to look at someone's Facebook and Instagram PG?
Can I create a Facebook based visualization? If yes, how do I start?
Are Facebook Messenger’s “encrypted” secret messages easily monitored by Facebook, as they claim to be able to monitor certain behaviors and messages?
A person is using my old profile picture as his profile picture. He is accessing Facebook with another name. How can I find that profile?
Is the best way to reach potential users for a new app via Facebook, ads, or other means?
According to you, is Facebook a successful dating platform?
What is India doing for Syrian refugees other than tweeting and sharing Facebook posts?
How can I find my friend’s Facebook account by only searching by contact number?
How do I find password of Instagram without Facebook?
Why do certain people show up at the beginning of the “likes” on my posts? For example, I’m liked by Smith and 39 others.
How can I get the phone number of my friend on Facebook?
What is Google really scared of, other than Facebook ads?
How do I earn via Facebook and Instagram pages, likes, etc.?
What are some interesting secret Facebook groups?
Where did my Facebook location address go?
How do I write an effective and super convincing Facebook post to invite friends to attend an important event for charity that they can't ignore?
Are there any social networks that have a Facebook style theme?
Does Facebook accept plugins created by individuals? What is the process?
Who can I contact if I need to stop someone from using my email to set up a Facebook account?
How bad is Facebook addiction?
Can an engineering fresher student do a job at Facebook?
How do I do multiple posts in an FB group by posting once?
A has blocked B's account on Facebook. If C (a mutual friend of both A and B) comments on a post or photo posted by A, will B be able see C's comment or like on that post or photo?
How can I target business owners on Facebook who are likely to be interested in online marketing?
Is there any Facebook or WhatsApp group for law aspirants?
How do I convert a comment into a post on Facebook?
How do I verify my entertainment website Facebook page?
Is there a way to prevent someone from following a Facebook Page without also liking it?
How does Facebook generate the "friends who will miss you" shown in the account deactivation process?
Why does the wrong image appear when I share a website or a post on the social networks?
Why do people always appear online on Facebook?
Is posting and sharing political stuff on Facebook bad?
How do I prepare myself to get into the data teams of Google, Facebook, etc.?
Is it possible to hack Facebook online?
How do I update my status to a client?
Is Facebook just a socially-accepted platform for people to brag?
Is it possible that other people can read my messenger?
I need to focus. How can I stop Messenger and all these apps that force me to receive messages and calls even when I block the notifications?
On a Facebook page, what ratio is good for the number of post reaches to likes?
Does Facebook show your profile to the people who have saved your mobile no. and are on Facebook?
I am trying to opening my Facebook account, but it reports an error due to some problem on the website. What does that mean?
To what extent do adults practice their freedom of expression on Facebook?
How do I delete my Facebook ID permanently?
How many users access Facebook Live via mobile?
Is there a way to fast processing the Facebook friends list?
Do you find it odd that Facebook, YouTube, and Twitter ban users for no reason but they won't ban accounts of Islamic extremists?
How do I set up a WhatsApp group so that only the administrator can see incoming messages and, when posting them out, all the participants are able to see them?
What is the best way to troll those spam Facebook messages from girls "looking to have fun"?
Why would someone who's not in my friend list show up in Facebook quiz results?
What can I do in Facebook so that on Tinder I will only be matched up with people who are NRIs and were brought up in the Arabian Gulf region?
Facebook has disabled my account, and my phone number is lost. How do I recover it?
Does Facebook allow businesses/startups to sell FB accounts or pages for automatic backup services?
Why do my friends on Facebook like others’ posts, but not mine?
How do I delete my Quora account, if I used my Facebook to sign in, and I am locked out of the email for my Facebook account?
How do you remove pictures from Facebook?
Who is managing the Bangalore City Police’ Facebook page?
Will tech giants like Google, Microsoft, Amazon, and Facebook hire a statistician with a master’s degree?
What does it mean when there are pulsating circles around the video icon on Facebook Messenger?
Why can't I convert my Facebook profile into a page?
Will calls made in Messenger be added to my iPhone contacts?
Can brand pages publish branded content on Facebook?
In what other ways I can submit my CV to Facebook excluding careers.Facebook.com?
How does Chatfuel do to create a Facebook developer App for their users?
I accidentally tagged someone in a post on Facebook, but untagged them and blocked the page. Will the page get a notification?
Is Daniel Radcliffe on Facebook?
Do people still use Facebook (May 2017)?
I deactivated my Roku. How do I reactivate it?
Did your life change after deleting Facebook and WhatsApp?
Can friend requests be sent to a deactivated Facebook account?
How do I look at my boyfriend’s messages on Messenger discreetly?
What is with Facebook advertising people that offer office jobs?
Is life generally better with or without a Facebook account, for an unexceptional person?
Have you ever reached the end of your Facebook news feed?
Which credit card should be best for boosting posts in Facebook?
Why would a boy who liked you unfriend you on Facebook?
How did WittyFeed and its founders, Vinay Singhal, Praveen Singhal and Shashank Vaishnav, get verified on Facebook?
Theoretically, how would someone make a fake ID in Photoshop so they can send it to Facebook so they can get their fake account back?
How do I invite people who shared my content to like my business’s Facebook page?
How do I track a Facebook post if the user set it for friends only?
What do people think about the new flower (thankful) react of Facebook?
Is Facebook keeping the ‘Thankful’ reaction beyond Mother's Day?
Does mailing at security@Facebook.com works?
How can I save videos or GIFs from Facebook or Twitter?
Why doesn't YouTube hire IITians like Google or Facebook?
How will you describe personalities of people using Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, WhatsApp, Snapchat and Quora?
How do I add followers rather than friends on Facebook?
How can I download a GIF from Facebook?
Has Facebook ever thought of wiping out Amazon, Uber, foodpanda and other aggregators by connecting potential customers with potential service providers on its own platform? Aren’t most of them already on Facebook?
How do I create Facebook and Instagram outro cards on YouTube videos?
Where does Facebook get the external content such as news articles that appear in your news feed? Do external sources push or does FB pull the content?
How do you re-target marketing to people on Facebook who have downloaded your app from iTunes?
Is it illegal to hack Facebook messenger and post someone's messages?
Has anyone read posts by this page on Facebook by the name Mukhtasar?
Can class 8 students make Facebook IDs?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg taking a tour of the whole USA?
How can I find pending posts on Facebook?
What user profile information can I access from Facebook's Botkit tool?
What is the meaning of ROFL on FB?
How can I turn my friend requests on Facebook into followers?
How do you tell if someone is declining your call on FB messenger or just not answering?
How can I check if someone has blocked me on FB Messenger?
What are the best ways to use Facebook for company?
How do you earn money from Facebook videos?
How can I get a blue tick on my Facebook profile?
What are the drawbacks of installing the Facebook app?
How can I convert my Facebook profile to page a second time?
How do I get unlimited likes on Facebook?
How would you target people interested in buying lady's apparel with Facebook ads for LuLaRoe or a similar brand?
What would happen if nobody used Facebook anymore and switched over to another social media site?
Why do people, my so-called friends on Facebook, ignore me?
How do I get to the first comment when there are hundreds of comments on a Facebook post?
What are time saving ways to use Facebook?
How can I make money using Instagram or Facebook?
How can I promote my blog site using Facebook?
What are the DevOps jobs available in companies like Google, Facebook, etc.?
How can I get authentication from another Facebook user to access his/her profile details through Graph API?
If most Hindus & Muslims post good things about each other on Quora, then why are there hate speech, hate comments & hate videos on YouTube & Facebook?
How much would WhatsApp be spending on cloud services if it was not bought by Facebook?
Does Mark Zuckerberg use same version of Facebook that every other normal user uses?
How useless do you think Facebook is?
What is the use of Facebook to Mark Zuckerberg?
How can I get to the very beginning of a Facebook conversation without scrolling through all the years?
Is it possible to use the same Facebook account after uninstalling the Facebook app?
If you delete a message on Facebook, will it still be seen on Messenger?
How can I get more followers on Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, Twitter, Vimeo and my blog?
Why should I verify my Facebook account?
How can I get my Facebook friend number without asking him?
What is the use of a hashtag in Facebook and Instagram while uploading a picture?
How do Twitter, FB, Instagram, LinkedIn, etc. interconnect? If you hashtag something, does the whole post show up on Twitter?
Which social media site is the easiest to get verified on, YouTube, Instagram or Facebook?
Whenever I try to send a message to my friend on FB messenger, it never gets sent. I see only a red icon in a circle. Why is this happening? Am I being blocked?
How can I see who views my Facebook account?
Why does Facebook keep lying about new notifications?
Can you still see liked posts by a person blocked on Facebook?
Are intellectuals less active on Facebook? It seems that Facebook is more of a self-branding platform than a "keep in touch" platform.
Is there any way to download all the content that I have posted in a Facebook group including all status and files?
How do I know whether my Facebook data engineer phone interview went good or bad?
How can I delete an old Facebook account of mine?
Can Facebook send me another password through my Gmail account?
How can I read my husband’s Facebook messages?
How can I tell if somebody has more than one Messenger app?
Is there a Facebook plugin to display an entire album in Lightbox?
Do Google or Facebook developers copy-paste codes?
Why do people not like Mark Zuckerberg?
How can I participate in a Facebook marketing workshop in India organised by Facebook?
How do I change the location of my Facebook post without checking in?
What can I do to block a person and their posts on my business page?
How do I hire Facebook ads?
Why are most Indians making LinkedIn into another Facebook?
How can I directly put my photo from Facebook on Instagram?
Can you offer the best online courses for mastering Facebook advertising?
What is the best way to start a conversation\chat with a Facebook friend who is a writer and novelist and happens to be a girl?
How do I get access to someone else’s Facebook account?
Who all joined Facebook after they joined Quora? Why?
Do you like using live streaming on Facebook?
What could products from Google, Facebook, and Quora do differently if they were available as native desktop apps rather than only in the browser?
How do I get a reply from a girl on Facebook chat?
What determines the 8 friends that show up on your Facebook page?
How do I get access to my Gmail & Facebook accounts? I tried with this phone. Google won't accept this phone number. I don't remember my passwords.
Why would someone ignore a friend request rather than simply responding to it one way or the other?
What does it mean when you get “has accepted your request on Messenger”, but you have talked before?
Do you have an idea what will be the next Facebook or Instagram within the next decade?
Why should we hate Facebook?
Who has used Facebook ads to help a daycare with enrollment?
Which Indian Facebook groups are popular for buying and selling things?
How can I know the Facebook login history of my Facebook friend?
Can you know what friends are following on Facebook?
Should I run more than one campaign for the same target at one time on Facebook?
How do I create a new Facebook account and make it hard for others to find me?
What should I do when I tell someone I'm not interested in chatting on Facebook and they keep messaging me?
Is it true that you can see who visited your Facebook profile by seeing their IDs in View Source?
How many people left Facebook after using Quora?
Why have Facebook posts disappeared when I come back to them?
What are your views on the logical Indian Facebook page?
When Mircosoft paid 240 million for 1.6% of Facebook how did that value Facebook at $15 billion?
How does Facebook connect two users?
Is there any way to see the recently added friends of a person who's not on my own Facebook friends list?
Who are the people who search my Facebook account?
What are the pros and cons of a only using Facebook for a business’ online presence?
Do people ever have positive emotions towards a Facebook friend?
Why does everyone want to join Google or Facebook rather than thinking to build their own startup?
Why is the use of a fake account on Facebook prohibited rather than framed? I mean, most public figures change their name, so why can’t we?
If one were to build the next Facebook what technologies would you use?
Can I apply for a job with Facebook/Google one year in advance?
Can I delete my Facebook account? Not deactivate it, I just want to delete it.
What does Mark Zuckerberg do at Facebook? Does he write code or do business negotiations?
If I set chat to offline on Facebook and I log out and then log in do I keep appearing as offline or does it switch online and offline?
How can I make 5,000 Facebook friends in an instant?
Should YouTube adopt Facebook's 6 reaction buttons?
What is the status of Abu Saraf?
What might be the reason for suddenly decreasing Facebook followers?
Why do people post their status on Facebook as “Watching Bahubali 2"?
Can I see who someone's chatting with on Messenger?
Is there a problem with Facebook today?
What does Quora think of this skit by Neel Kolhatkar on "equality" that is currently going viral on Facebook?
Why am I not getting Facebook messages from people who are not on my Friends list?
How can you find out when someone last logged in to Facebook, without being logged in?
What are some interesting pages on Facebook to increase our knowledge?
What is a good return on Facebook ads for fashion and apparel?
Facebook is blocking me again & again, & I have to change my password every 2 hours, & I'm also unable to post my comment. Why is this happening?
Can the Facebook destroy our life?
Is it possible to fall in love with someone over Facebook?
Why did Facebook not approved my weight loss page for promotion?
Which social media platform is likely to fall first among Facebook, WhatsApp, Instagram, Twitter, and Snapchat?
How do pages like "did you know" get likes on their Facebook page?
Where did Twitter go wrong that Facebook didn't?
What will be the scenario if Facebook and Quora are connected/linked?
Why do people get offended in Facebook's comment section easily?
How do I receive email notifications when I get a private message on Facebook?
For systems having millions of users (such as Facebook, Twitter or some popular online games), how should the administration system be built?
How do I reset the password of my Facebook account?
Should Facebook prevent crimes from being uploaded to Facebook?
Have you seen any Quoran on FB?
Would I be notified if someone reports me on Facebook?
Which is the best Facebook bot?
What does the green dot on Messenger mean?
Can I get 1000 likes in Facebook with zero cost and within in one hour?
Does Facebook allow external companies to provide interactive embeds on their feed?
Do the Illuminati exist? There is a group on Facebook which says that all of the terrorist attacks have been made by the CIA. Is this true?
Which is the best Facebook group auto poster?
How many are the data centers of Facebook?
Being an Indian, can I make Pakistani friends on Facebook? Is there anything wrong in that? I have seen some people making friends with them on Facebook.
Why do some people choose not to “like” someone’s post on Facebook intentionally?
What is one secret about Facebook?
Do your Facebook friends know what groups you join?
How do I find potential terrorists by analyzing their Facebook activity?
What could be the problem with my Facebook Messenger data consumption?
What is the best form of software to capture customer feedback from different, multiple sources, i.e. Twitter, Facebook, and other surveys? Does it exist?
What will happen if a rule is made to link your social account (Facebook, Twitter, Quora, etc.) to your Aadhaar card?
How do I export a long Facbook comment thread into an editable format for publication? (Keeping the same "look" as the thread has on Facebook)
What happens to all the data if a company like Facebook goes bankrupt tomorrow?
How can Amazon Affiliate Marketing be done on Facebook if my page audience is global?
How can I check whom my girlfriend has been talking with on Facebook?
Why would my ex boyfriend add me on Facebook?
How do I find the exact time I have spent on Facebook in the last 30 days?
What would be the problem if I'm having high CTR (+5%) and low conversions on Facebook ads?
What are the pros and cons if you make a habit of checking Facebook only once a day?
How can we increase our Facebook post likes?
Should I use a personal FB account for business marketing?
So many young girls baiting themselves on social networks. Why?
Do you know a website with a marketplace that lets people sell articles on their website/Facebook?
Why are Muslims who bash Modi like anything on Facebook so quiet on Quora?
What do IITians have to say about these lines floating on Facebook these days?
How can we get access to anyone's texts or Facebook account?
What does the thumbs up sticker in Facebook messenger mean?
Is Facebook News Feed a kind of runaway AI?
Why does Facebook show me "This feature isn't available to everyone right now" when I click the "How do I verify my page" link in the help center?
Will it ring if you call someone on Facebook Messenger if that someone is on a call?
Which is the post on Facebook from personal account containing maximum likes in the world?
How could one monetize Facebook's new camera effects platform? Is it possible to add links to the information bubbles?
How can I be completely offline while using messenger?
How do I stop using Facebook, WhatsApp, my phone and computer?
How can a memorialized account just have joined Facebook Messenger?
How​ do I ask a girl​ for​ casual​ sex on Facebook?
How can I increase my fan page's Like count to over 100k?
What should Google or Facebook users be willing to pay so that it would be more profitable to charge users directly vs collecting user data to target ads?
What is the quickest way to increase Facebook engagement?
Why does Quora make me auto follow all my Facebook friends?
How do I get my email marketing subscribers to connect to my company's Facebook page legally?
What happens to the articles saved in Evernote and Pocket if the original page gets deleted?
Does Facebook messenger use data when you have wifi?
How can I make a post for “word of the day” for my Facebook group?
How can I get my Facebook back?
How do I know if I’m blocked on Messenger?
Does the average Facebook/Google engineer make at least $300k?
Is Messenger available in Spain?
Why do we use Facebook?
How can I retrieve my Facebook account from an old phone?
How can I make direct contact with Facebook help and support?
Where is Freeman Samson on Facebook?
Why am I getting "People you may know" friends suggetions on Facebook that are clearly in Arabic/Russian?
Is there any way to tell if someone has the Facebook app?
When will I know if someone can assist me in getting back my Gmail accounts & back into Facebook?
Are Facebook ads the best way to reach early adopters and users for a new app?
Is the war between Facebook and Snapchat a fake one?
What are the chances that Facebook will be blocked in the US?
How do I unblock a friend on Facebook who blocked me?
Why can't I secret message with just one particular person on Messenger?
How can I promote a Facebook page using the Facebook ads manager?
Would it be possible if you deleted a Facebook conversation to get a copy of all the messages from the other user?
Did Facebook get rid of smart lists?
How is Mark Zuckerberg so good at learning?
Why am I getting topics in my news feed that I haven't selected?
Where can you view nude photos from Facebook?
How can you tell if you have been unfriended on Facebook?
How do I allow my Facebook friends know I'm on Instagram?
How can I see my wife’s FB messages?
Why is it that when you report a fake account on Facebook and the person uses a fake ID to bypass Facebook, it does not get disabled?
Can you see see how many people viewed a post or picture on your Facebook fan page, if it's not posted by you?
Will Facebook be interesting if I have no known friends?
How do I make a YouTube cover photo?
What are the proper dimensions for a FB live custom thumbnail?
How do I post a picture on messenger to my Android gallery?
How did Facebook provide security when they first started?
How do I make a "connect with Aadhaar" button for the purpose of signing up just like "connect with Google or Facebook"?
How do I find my Facebook contacts on Pinterest?
Did Facebook abandon the Groups app for iOS?
How important is it in 2017 to let users login to a new app via their Facebook account?
What could be the Facebook marketing strategy for an Elementary School?
How important is it to have a Facebook profile?
What are the best scientific magazines, blogs or Facebook pages in German?
Which books and websites do you suggest for studying for the Facebook data engineer interview?
Why doesn’t Quora provide an option of self-upvoting like Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, Instagram, or other social media?
How do I like a blocked Facebook image?
Why is Quora not as popular as Facebook, Instagram, and WhatsApp?
Should I directly ask a girl for a video call on Facebook?
Will you like, your fan from Quora more than, a fan from Facebook?
Is every Google and Facebook employee extremely talented?
Is Facebook’s Graph API free?
How do I export the birthdays of my Facebook friends in my 'Close Friends' list to Google calendar (just the close friends list, not everyone)?
How do I create a memorable event on Facebook and Twitter?
Why can’t people mention me in comments on Facebook? They have tried using the @ sign as well. Facebook does suggest my name, but doesn't create a hyperlink.
Is it important for the Facebook profile to be old enough for filling up tutor profile at Chegg.com?
How do I login to my other Facebook account without writing my password on my phone?
Should I make my fitness app a Facebook Messenger app instead of a mobile app?
What is a good average time on page for engaging content?
What are some sweet things you can post on Facebook?
How did memes bring changes to Facebook?
How does Facebook implement endless scrolling in Android?
How can I get back into my Facebook account when I’ve done everything the help center asks and I still can't get in?
Does Buffer or Hootsuite post on LinkedIn, Facebook and Google+ groups at the same time?
Are the binary trade experts advertising on Facebook genuine? Do they trade on behalf of others or just go quiet after money is transferred to them?
How would a supplemental request look like if it's a friend fixing a car?
Does Chrisfield MD have a back page for escorts?
Who should I follow on Facebook in 2017?
How do I load pictures from Facebook to an Instagram file?
How do I show a certain page on Blogspot without a sidebar (for example, the privacy policy page)?
Are frameworks for quantisation of apotheosis like Quora, Facebook and Twitter the direction of future apps?
Why did my ex look me up on Facebook when he has a girlfriend?
On FB Messenger, some people's statuses say "active on messenger," but my friend's just says "Messenger." What does that mean?
How do I stop people suggestion on Facebook?
Is Chrome compatible with Facebook's Gameroom?
Have you seen good outcomes from Facebook ads, boosting ads/posts, and others?
Is Facebook really helpful and necessary for a CSE student?
How do I add other social network links to my Facebook bio?
How can I find out who posted a confession on Facebook?
How can I unlink an Instagram account that's not mine from Facebook?
Why does Facebook send me email about notification on my fake account where there is nothing to show?
Is there any way to block the ads from playing between Facebook videos?
How can I recover a forgotten Facebook email?
Is there a way to import Twitter followers into Facebook?
Messenger Day is not working on my phone. Why?
Is there a social network better than Lykup? https://lykup.com
Why is the degree of blue color in Facebook app is not the same degree in Messenger app?
How can I find out who's looking at my Facebook account that's not on my friend list?
If I'm searching my husband's profile and I see the same person in his friends list on Facebook, what's the reason?
How can I invite more than one Facebook friend to join a group?
Is it possible to trigger feeds from an external app to Facebook's user feed based on geography and without users subscribing to the feed itself?
If I make a video ad for Facebook and have 50 friends react to it via a link I send them, will that help somehow with the Facebook algorithm?
How do I find out who my girlfriend is chatting with on Facebook?
How can I find people (is there a search function) via Facebook or Instagram that are living in New York?
How many mobile application developers work on apps like Instagram, Telegram, Facebook, Airbnb, and WhatsApp?
How do I promote home business in Facebook?
How can we check our Messenger chat and calling history?
Is it distasteful to share your political opinion on Facebook and Instagram?
Which AI company is acquired by Facebook recently to grow its chatbot market against API.AI?
How many entities are there in the Nametests Facebook app, and what are they?
Why can't I send another friend request to a user who declined my first request?
If we make a picture that we are tagged in our profile picture on Facebook, will the existing likes add up to our profile picture?
Can I use Facebook’s public Niagara Falls images, or do they come under copyright?
Who liked BizWiser on Facebook?
How do I generate leads from Facebook, LinkedIn, etc. without using paid ads?
How can I change the privacy settings of my posts on Facebook so that the public can see them? Why can't I find the "Public" option anywhere in the privacy settings?
Does Facebook log comment deletions?
What is a good giveaway idea on Facebook for makeup products?
What is the use of a page ID on a Facebook page?
Why isn’t Mark Zukerburg the richest person, when he owns 24% of Facebook, which has a market cap of $433 billion?
What tool/script should I use to comment to all my sales posts on FB in order to bring them up?
How can I know the address of a person doing Facebook?
How can I use my Facebook group page to sell likes?
How can I collect the materials of a project in one place to be available for the other members without using Facebook?
How do I create a culture of stop asking use case?
If blocked on Facebook, am I blocked on Messenger?
What does it mean when the little blue icon stays white with a check mark on Messenger?
Can anyone make money on Facebook?
What does it mean if my message request on Facebook is delivered - does that mean it has been accepted but just not read yet?
Why won’t Facebook Messenger let me unblock someone? Is there a limit on how many times you can block someone?
How do you decide what Facebook friends requests or suggestions to accept?
Should I discuss politics on Facebook?
Is it possible to trace someone's IP chatting on Facebook?
How does performance change with percent of lookalike change in Facebook audiences?
How can I re-publish my Facebook page with 900K followers? I've already sent an appeal, but it was denied.
Is there any Indian who did an internship in Google/Facebook/MS/etc after their sophomore year of engineering?
How much money do I have to spend on Facebook ads to get 1,000 views on my website?
Why do people like common pictures as opposed to glamorous or more meaningful pictures on Facebook?
How do people in Google see Google engineers using Facebook in office hours?
Does the admin of a Facebook page get to know that I invited people to like his page?
From the daily, weekly and 28 days data that Facebook provides, which one would be more relevant for my monthly Facebook page performance report?
Can I hire someone to make me famous on Instagram or Facebook? If yes, then how do I find them?
A friend started popping my chat bar, I didnt check her profile or messaged her, Does that mean that mean she checked my profile?
Why does the ZenPad 10 distort Facebook Live videos, and how do I fix it?
What are your thoughts on Facebook advertising?
What is the site to check everything I share on Facebook?
How dangerous is Facebook newsfeed?
How do you stop getting notifications for other peoples' status and location updates on Facebook?
Why don’t I get likes on Facebook?
How do you prevent someone from accessing your email?
How can we generate more traffic from Facebook?
How do I know when my friends come online on Facebook’s new version (89.0)?
Was there a need for a "Like" button in Facebook?
How likely is it that Facebook and WhatsApp will be blocked by ISPs?
In WordTornado, in the game room on Facebook, how do I type the letters instead of dragging them when I am on my laptop?
How can you delete your inbox messages on Facebook?
Does anyone post little things (articles, comments and such) on certain people’s Facebook pages just to get a reaction?
Can others tag my name even though I deactivated my Facebook?
How can I delete my Messenger account created with my mobile phone?
How does machine learning improve advertising in Facebook in terms of revenue, CTR and/or average dwell time?
What is the best course to learn Facebook Ads?
When will there be more dead people on Facebook than living ones?
How do I use the same WebHook for multiple messenger apps/bots?
How do I create a blog in a group as my business Facebook page?
Do WhatsApp and Facebook play an important role in the IITJEE cutoff every year?
When someone is showing activity on Messenger, does it mean they are chatting?
How do I remove contacts from Messenger forever?
How do I see a sent request?
Does Facebook use FTP or cpanel?
Should I post my drawings on Facebook?
After the checkpoint ID verification, Facebook logs me into a new empty account. I have two accounts with one email. How does this happen?
Does the League of Legends API give Facebook basic information associated with a player?
How do I make best use of Facebook?
Do media organisations receive any revenue from Facebook/Twitter for providing them with a newsfeed?
Why are some mobile app updates kilobytes in size, while others, specifically Facebook, are upwards of 35MB with almost every update they push out?
Is a Facebook account necessary to open an Instagram account?
Why doesn't Quora ban all Facebook users?
What is the best way to advertise music on Facebook?
Someone I know posted pictures of me on Facebook. What can I do about it? Facebook has not responded to my complaints about this. Who polices FB?
Is it possible for a software engineer to retrieve Facebook deleted messages?
How can you tell if someone is on a call on Facebook Messenger?
How do I create a Facebook account without getting disabled again and again?
Do you have to be Facebook friends with someone in order to Facebook message them?
How can I find who I have friended on Facebook?
How can I determine what to use for my Facebook or LinkedIn profile?
Can you login to your Instagram business account with a linked Facebook account if you forget your password?
When do you think Facebook will launch its augmented reality social platform?
I was denied access to a site saying account service was limited. The message was from siteground. What should I do?
Which website carries the most current information on Facebook marketing?
What is your review of the GateOverflow website and Facebook group?
When someone posts something to your general feed on Facebook, can you hide that post but let the person who posted it still see it?
How can I prevent my Facebook avatar from showing up in the comment sections of websites and blogs I'm not connected to?
When did you realize that Facebook is a waste of time?
Why do people use Instagram? Is it better than Facebook?
How much data is consumed in a video call via Facebook Messenger?
How do I go to my Facebook archive?
How do I know how many followers a company has on Facebook?
How do I create a photo uploading website?
How can I stop getting unfavorable posts in my Facebook newsfeed from my friends?
Why do people like a person's post on Facebook even when his state of mind is totally disturbed?
What is another online tool to discover popular news/viral news, other than Facebook Signal? Signal only opens for US journalists.
Why do people air their bad feelings towards a friend or relative on Facebook?
How can I view an old message from Facebook that I already deleted?
Why are some photos invisible in Facebook albums?
Is it possible to track your IP address or location from a Facebook comment? Can my location be tracked via comments I've made on Facebook posts?
How has Facebook's company culture scaled with growth?
Can someone be active on Messenger but have the active time stamp show they are not active?
What does a social network have to have to become successful?
Can a friend see the last time I was on Facebook?
Why do phone manufacturers not allow Facebook Live videos to be filmed in the horizontal format?
How do I transition a viral content Facebook page to a business direction?
How does Facebook’s 360 degree camera work?
How are your Facebook friends, family and acquaintances demanding?
Can I get my BSNL number back if I used that number 2 years ago? I urgently need that number to get back my email, Facebook, etc.
How could they create Facebook?
How do designers at Facebook feel about being asked to blatantly copy the UI and product mechanics of Snapchat?
How can I access the Facebook account of someone using my WiFi?
Can we follow a post on Facebook without becoming friends?
Where are the best places to promote your B2B content outside of LinkedIn, Twitter, Quora, Google+, and Facebook?
Do I get calls from Facebook Ads?
What email address is Jules Bonnot’s Facebook account linked to?
What naming conventions does Facebook use for its database? Why?
It has been a month since I used Facebook and WhatsApp. Will this have any effect on me?
Can I receive a notification on Facebook via my phone that someone has sent me a message, but did not use Messenger?
Why is it in Facebook groups regular members and some new ones are able to join the conversation easily while some others are met with silence?
How do big companies like Google, Facebook, and Amazon generate test data?
What are the benefits of Facebook Live for businesses?
How Facebook valuation is done?
Facebook and Instagram's new algorithms make social marketing impossible without money. What's the next frontier of free social marketing?
How can we disrupt Facebook, Snapchat, Instagram, and Twitter?
Are you using Facebook or any other apps or web contents in your native language and how matured is the language on internet?
Can you trust Facebook's data?
What is the best free Facebook bot to boost engagement?
How do I find out what the highest rated place is that I visited on Foursquare?
How can alcohol brands like Jack Daniels advertise their products on Facebook?
Someone is using my photo and created a fake Facebook account. What should I do?
I need to access all Facebook business pages in an area and get its likes, comments etc for my app. How can I do it?
How do you spot a fake Facebook email?
How can I get into someone else's Facebook?
Why is the Internet gamified to be fundamentally inauthentic while conditioning us to be narcissists rather than adding educational value to the web?
How do I get enough response from Facebook users who are intended to study abroad?
How much time needs to pass so that Facebook will send all of your friends a notification that you posted something after a long time? Is it maybe 15 days?
How do you send and recieve hidden messages on Facebook?
Why does my friend tag me on Facebook by replying to a random comment on the post instead of just tagging me by commenting on the post directly?
How do developers use Redux in Facebook?
Are Instagram and Facebook harmful to teens?
How can I get a new “who liked” activity log (all in one/counted by numbers) on my old Instagram account?
How do I make a new temporary account on Facebook while having my main account blocked for some time due to violation of rules?
Are affiliate links accepted for paid ads on Facebook, Google and other search engines?
Can I bring down Facebook accounts with DDoS?
If a fake Facebook account has been created in my name, then what should I do?
Who is the most popular person on Facebook?
Is it possible to make money through troll pages / Facebook troll pages?
Can depression patients sue Facebook?
How can I show offline on FB Messenger but still be online?
How does Facebook know if the person is alive or dead? How is it sharing the memories message of a person if he's dead?
Is it just a coincidence that Mark Zuckerberg created a system of manipulating the population just like his grandfather did?
How do I flower react on Facebook?
What is the most effective source of traffic apart from Facebook?
What does the Facebook app Katana do?
How many of you feel that Instagram, Snapchat and Facebook have robbed you of our ability to live in the moment and make memories with loved ones?
Why do the majority of Millennials see invasive tech companies like Amazon, Google, Facebook, and Apple as their friends and want to kiss up to them?
How do I target people who visited a website’s page on Facebook Advert?
How is it that a successful Facebook ad will run really well for a while and suddenly dive, producing hardly anything?
How is Facebook Marketplace doing compared to Craigslist (May 2017)?
How do I meet someone at Facebook who can help with my unpublished page?
How can I target leads on Facebook? Do I need to create a page for the business?
How much can a person earn if he has more than 10,000 likes on his Facebook page?
I have my Facebook account scheduled for permanent deletion . Is there anyway I can log into messenger without pushing my deletion date back?
Can we influence teenagers to use Quora rather than wasting time on Instagram and Facebook?
What are the best creative way to increase your presence on Facebook?
How do I show no friends on my time page?
Does YouTube video View count include views from Facebook shares and website embeds?
How can I see what date two people became friends on Facebook when only one is my friend?
What are Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube's target audiences for Googly Balloon Game?
What is a graceful way to delete my Facebook when others enjoy following my pages?
How do you reset a forgotten password and email on Facebook?
How I can follow my Facebook's friends here?
Why do some developers at very large tech companies like Google and Facebook write poor software?
Why do social media sites like Facebook and Pinterest allow users to download images while they have no copyright?
What are some of the Facebook tricks only coders can do?
Why do the Japanese seem to take a long time to warm up to new technology (e.g. Facebook, etc.)?
Which social media site is a major competitor to Facebook?
How does Facebook know who my associates are?
What does 40m mean, when it’s next to a name on Facebook?
Can I block or filter words on Facebook reviews?
Why would Facebook use SurveyMonkey when it already has a giant user base to send surveys to?
Should Facebook take down its live feature entirely after people have uploaded killings and suicides (and other atrocious acts I don't need to mention)?
Why is my Messenger app gray instead of blue?
How was Facebook made?
What version of the Tim Farron and voter story (4/5/17) is on your Facebook feed?
Have you ever reached a customer service representative with Facebook, for help with your Facebook business page?
When you block someone on Facebook, can you still see the profile of the person he/she is in a relationship with (on mobile)?
What is the code base for Facebook?
Does a human validate LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter profiles of a Quoran, before giving verified badges?
Why is a friend always stalking me on Facebook but rarely likes my posts?
What are the simplest tools for automated Facebook/Instagram ad campaigns? I know of Hootsuite, etc., but they seem to be overkill and complicated.
How do I respond if someone spells something wrong in their comment on Facebook?
Facebook was created as a desktop version and uses a MySQL database, then they made a phone version (iOS, Android). How do they use the MySQL database in iOS or Android to recognize their users?
Does FB Messenger also have a hidden status folder like WhatsApp’s?
Should I open my girlfriend’s FB account?
Why does Facebook create Instagram accounts for people that have not given their consent and who are unaware?
How can I get auto likes on my Facebook page likes, like 500?
How can you send a message to someone's inbox on Facebook?
Why is Amazon and Facebook going out of business?
With Facebook crossing more than a billion users, is it possible for a new startup to compete and win against Facebook?
Why is Facebook not allowed to use in China?
Which programming languages were used to create Quora, Facebook, Paytm, Flipkart, Amazon, Twitter and Gmail respectively?
How do we understand the context collapse in Facebook?
Do you get notified when someone reacts to your message on faceboook? Do you get a notification when somebody else reacts to an old msg on Facebook?
Is there any software to hack Facebook (include illegal ways)?
Where do I find information or someone with experience on how to migrate a personal FB profile to a business profile page?
Why can't I see my photos and friends’ photos on Instagram and Facebook?
Why doesn't Facebook allow me to download my data to my app easily?
Was Facebook's beloved purple flower emoji only for Mother’s Day? Why? Why did they remove it?
If some people blocked me on FB Messenger, can I block them, too?
How can I recover my Instagram account which is not linked to Facebook?
How do I write great content for my fan page?
What does (Request $request) mean in Laravel?
Do Periscope and Facebook give an advantage to people to talk about anything they want indirectly rather than face to face?
How do I report Facebook hackers?
How do I embed an entire Facebook album to my website?
Is Software Engineering at Amazon much different from Facebook?
If someone untags themselves from a photo I posted, can I retag them?
What’s the most unique way to find socially influential students?
Is it possible to create a Facebook page that searches and posts content by itself using Machine Learning or Deep Learning?
What happened to the Facebook Affinity Score?
What would be the best way to submit an idea to Facebook executives in order for it to have a good chance of being implemented by Facebook?
How do I change a welcome message on meetup.com? The help page does not reflect the options available on the page.
Is Facebook necessary for daily life?
Are there any survey tools that allow to grasp Facebook likes?
Were can I find one of Facebook’s media partners?
Can I change the emoji if someone has blocked me from Facebook Messenger?
How long does Facebook keep the details (such as IP address, etc.) of a deleted Facebook account?
Can I use the same bot that I use for my Facebook page to mine in-app Salesforce-powered chat?
Can I talk to somebody in Hong Kong using Facebook Messenger?
What are the reasons why I should switch to Google Allo instead of Facebook Messenger?
I have five years total from Apple and Facebook. Why am I not getting interviews from Google after applying?
How do I recover my Facebook account when I don't have my same phone number or email?
How can I use Facebook from the USA while in India?
How can I join you on Facebook?
How do companies like Google, Yahoo, Facebook, etc. store data so that the data is preserved even after their storage drives crash/fail?
Should India ban Google & Facebook?
Which one is more addictive: Quora or Facebook?
How can I make my Facebook impressive?
How does "trusted accounts" security on Facebook work?
Could I get reward points from sending money to another person on Facebook on my credit card?
How can one trace a Facebook account even if the phone being used is offline?
Why do my friends and family get more likes on Facebook than me?
Is the "last used date," for apps on Facebook really accurate?
How is the monopolization of the Internet by Google, Facebook, and Amazon destructive?
Why do random people on Facebook have thousands of followers?
Will you join Facebook if you joined Quora first?
In a Facebook post, someone referred to Obama as Diaper Boy. What is that?
Why will Facebook be blocked once net neutrality is gone?
Is there a way to embed YouTube videos in Facebook that will autoplay?
A friend asked me to meet after the exam, but when I called her afterwards she didn't answer and blocked me on Facebook. What could have happened?
Can I get another email address on the same account for my Facebook account?
What would happen if it is compulsory and a must for everyone to own a Facebook account?
Can “actual reach achieved” on Facebook Business Manager be more than the “potential reach”?
How do I target sons/daughters on Facebook?
How do I know the top influencers in Facebook in tech niche?
What does a small green light next to a phone icon on a person’s Messenger page mean?
How do Facebook page admins earn money?
Can I see chats from someone that's not my friend?
How could I find out the cost of a Facebook ad campaign that could reach 140,000 Facebook users in 1 year?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked “How am I doing?” and I responded “Great.” with a smile. What's wrong with that?
Is there a way by which I can delete all my previous content in my Facebook account?
How do I get a blue tick mark on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram?
Why do we waste our time on social media?
What is the "username" feature for a Facebook page?
Why should one stop using Facebook and Instagram?
When you message someone in Messenger and it says this person is not available right now, what does that mean?
How do I find a friend’s Facebook username using their user ID number? Please be explicit.
How do I be famous in Facebook? And get a lot of followers?
What are the pros and cons of being a friend of your lover on Facebook?
How can I add a Facebook close friend and family list as a shortcut?
How do you see a blocked page on IG?
Does Facebook still load old messages, when added into a group chat?
When will Facebook decide to deprecate stories?
Do you think spending too much time on Facebook can make you envious of others?
Is there a jailbreak tweak on iPhone to remove Facebook app news feed?
How do I create Facebook app like this?
How do I change my friend’s profile pic on any of his accounts (Gmail, Facebook, or WhatsApp) without using his password or knowledge - just for fun?
What would a guy think about a girl when she adds him on Facebook after they met only once?
Can I find friends in Facebook via their phone numbers?
What other reaction emojis would you want Facebook to introduce?
What is the best Facebook auto-like software?
Where can you view photos removed from Facebook and Snapchat?
Is Quora's marketing team not as good as Facebook's marketing team?
Does Facebook try to limit the visibility of posts that contain complaints/grievances about Facebook?
I have a friend request notification on Facebook. How do I find out who the person is who sent the request?
How did Facebook gain new users in the early days?
Which is the best FB status for a selfie?
Did Mark Zuckerberg really need the 1B to invent/make Facebook, or could he have done it with, say, £1000?
Why am I getting duplicate Facebook icons on my phone?
What is the difference between Facebook, WhatsApp and Quora? In terms of addiction, are all of them the same?
How do I make Facebook trust my account and enable the postpaid ads for me?
Is it possible to use old versions of social media websites such as, LinkedIn or Facebook?
How should I go about recruiting people to help run my 18+ Facebook group?
Does Facebook control which comments I see? The top comments below the popular posts always seem to agree with my political views, and that's worrying.
Would Facebook get rid of its group feature?
Can I share a video from Facebook to WhatsApp directly?
What are the chances Google or Facebook would hire a foreigner?
Is Facebook tracking WhatsApp messages or getting search tracking from Google?
Are there any restrictions for advertising an Amazon listing through Facebook ads on either end?
How do websites like Facebook and Twitter convert their web applications into mobile applications?
Does Facebook show the phone number which you have for account verification purposes?
Why are Indians not able to build a successful and popular social media website like Facebook, Twitter, Myspace, LinkedIn, Quora and many more that have millions of users?
Why do internet providers want to block Facebook once net neutrality is gone in the US?
I am getting too many fake profile requests on Facebook since February, 2017. Is anybody else facing the same?
How do I put a text notification on my Instagram and Facebook pages?
What actually is Facebook's Flow? What does it help with?
How do I get 5000 Facebook friend requests in one day?
How much money would Facebook lose for a 10 minute shutdown?
Is there currently a US Army base in Accra, Africa? I have received a Facebook offer of romance saying that he is currently serving there.
What should I say to a girl on Facebook who is asking for my "exact" address (which I don't want to share) without hurting her?
Is Facebook Live better than Periscope?
Does the Facebook website use the same JSON responses as the app? On the website do they render all their pages on the client side?
How do I find influencers for cosmetics in Instagram and Facebook?
How can I hide my likes and comments from friends' news feed?
Who is Wornies? Why am I seeing Wornies in almost every Facebook post?
How do I get a reply from a girl on FB chat?
Will Amazon/Google/Facebook ever be overtaken by similar companies or are they permanent superpowers?
What is your opinion regarding the current quarterly results of Facebook Q1FY17?
How can one generate leads through Instagram and Facebook?
Can we (humans) expect a good life and living without social networking sites like Facebook, Twitter, Quora, WhatsApp and more?
How do I restore my old Facebook account if I forgot my password and email address?
Do people care about "likes" on their posts on social networks, like Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, etc.?
Facebook is hiring 3,000 to review videos of crime and suicide. Would you consider applying for this type of job and if yes, how would you cope?
In Facebook ads, can we target company names or company CEOs?
What is the current ballpark developer rates for simple Facebook Messenger Chatbots?
How can you tell if someone has deleted Messenger?
Is it awkward to send friend requests to your future classmates after you get into and commit to your dream university?
Why is there partiality on Facebook?
What do photos look like in Facebook data downloads?
Is it hard to be hired by Facebook?
How do I see all likers (people who have liked a page) on Facebook?
What will happen if I delete my Gmail account? Will it delete everything that I used my Gmail on like Facebook or sites that I put my Gmail in?
How can I remove a comment on Facebook?
Do Korean people change their Facebook profie picture in support of President Moon?
Will this Facebook advertisement be less expensive if I remove the "sign up" button?
If someone deactivates his account on Facebook, then will his number be visible to his friends?
How do I secure my Facebook account when someone reports me?
How much time do Facebook take for account verification?
How can I find a holiday destination based on a Facebook profile?
What is better: to let guests know who are the other guests of a party or not letting them know that in advance?
After I was terminated, one of my old employees accessed my personal Facebook account via my old work computer. Can I sue?
How can I turn all my Facebook requests into followers?
How do I know if someone is on their phone through Messenger?
Do Facebook friends receive my posts?
If someone blocked me, but I don't block them, can they still see my timeline?
How would you know if your call had been rejected on Facebook Messenger?
What do the numbers on a Snapchat profile mean and how do they increase?
What's the best way to auto-post to a Facebook buy/sell group?
How does someone hide their green dot on Messenger, but still say active now?
How much stock have Facebook employees received as of 2010?
Are Facebook users narcissistic?
How can I get my pic deleted from Facebook?
What is the average click per impression for Facebook ads?
What are best marketing models for video tagging applications like Facebook photo tagging which you can tag people in a video?
What can I use instead of Facebook?
What does circle with tick mean in messenger?
What was Mark Zukerberg, Evan Spigel and Jack Dorsey’s salary at the founding stages of their companies?
Considering the role social media has played in spreading political news lately, would Mark Zuckerberg have an unfair advantage if he ran for office?
How do I fathom if a Facebook phone interview went good or bad?
Why aren’t my messages sending to one of my Facebook friends?
My mum constantly posts photos of me on Facebook, how can I get her to stop? I'm sixteen and I've tried telling her to stop but she won't.
What is Facebook's Jest project?
Is there a way to download a video from Facebook which have been removed?
Can I make a Facebook Live video in a public area?
If you block a friend on Facebook, can they still see your page?
How do I remove email suggestion on Facebook log in on my phone?
Is there any group online which shares information about fashion on Facebook, and how does it work?
What do you think about Facebook Messenger?
What is the song used in Facebook's birthday recall videos?
What are some websites like Facebook that gives users an option to upload their government id?
Can someone see if you've deleted the Messenger app?
How do you receive Facebook messages on an Android without letting the sender get a blue circle (the one before “seen”)?
How much should I charge to manage an Instagram and a Facebook page?
How do I increase a Facebook fan page’s organic likes?
How do I save campaigns in Facebook Ads Manager?
How can I take down a fake Facebook profile? It is harrassing me and I'm isolated and depressed.
Can I see whether someone views my Facebook account a lot?
Is there anyone on Quora who uses Facebook frequently but still maintains a good code of conduct throughout his day?
What would happen if Facebook removed or hid the contact button from the Messenger app?
How do I stop showing videos you may like on Facebook?
How do you access secret Facebook groups?
How can I grow my Facebook fan page without getting blocked, considering the Facebook restrictions?
What are the pulsing rings around the video chat in Messenger?
Does Facebook have a program to support startups building products in its ecosystem?
Why does it show that someone is active on Facebook Messenger when I'm not even Facebook friends with them?
How can I make Google photos my default download location for Chrome, Facebook and Twitter photos?
What is the strategy about optimizing related ad keyword classifications on Facebook?
How do I turn off the message preview from the Facebook Messenger app in iOS 10.3?
How can I earn from my Facebook page if I have 5000+ likes?
How can I play Clash of Clans in Facebook?
Can anyone use my Facebook account with the correct password without me getting any notifications on my account?
Facebook is available in 11 Indian languages, but I still don't see much use of it. Why don’t people use their native language on Facebook?
What are the major technologies being used in tech giants like Google and Facebook? I am from a programming background and currently working for Wipro.
Is it possible to fetch other users’ data from Tumblr?
How do I gain access to a Facebook account that I have personal information on but no password?
How do I pass username and password of Facebook in URL?
How do you hide groups on Facebook?
How do I respond to the question “Do I know you?” on Facebook?
Is Facebook’s Senior Director level a grade 9?
Is posting a photo with a celebrity a violation of Facebook community standards, especially when they agreed to be photoed but are unaware of its use?
What should I comment on my boyfriend's photo on Facebook?
Is it true that Facebook earns more money by advertisement rather than through its application and products?
Why does Facebook allow livestreaming?
What does Facebook actually do when I mark that I ignored a friend request because I don't know that person?
How do I search for someone who is not on Facebook or Google?
How can I see who viewed my Vkontakte photo?
Whar are some popular Facebook pages or websites which post facts about different languages?
Can you tell if someone visits your Facebook profile?
How does Facebook determine what percentage of a user's news feed is ads vs. organic stories?
How many people post their shopping queries on Facebook?
Do companies like Facebook, Google and Amazon require university degrees for web developers?
Can I invite followers on my personal Facebook account to like my business page?
What is the best alternative to Facebook & Instagram?
Why are my favorites not showing up in Facebook Messenger?
How do I make it to the Big Four as a software developer?
Why do Facebook introduced and then reverted the thankful reaction?
Facebook has suggested my ex in People you May Know. Should I send her a request?
When browsing to my friend’s post in Facebook it has 78 likes and 1 share on the bottom. How can I find out who shared it?
Are Facebook and Instagram statistics about a promoted post really true?
What percent of Indians are busy on FB?
How do I respond to a plan in Facebook Messenger?
Is there an API for recent Facebook page likes that I can implement into a live stream?
Do my friends know if I look at someone's Facebook from my friend's Facebook account?
Where can you see the date of when you were blocked by a person on Facebook?
Patanjali are promoting their products on Facebook and YouTube, etc. which are platforms run by foreign companies. Doesn’t that go against their Swadeshi movement?
Can I get on Facebook without anyone knowing?
How do I find all the Facebook groups in my city?
Are these Facebook apps unsafe?
How do the top 6 friends on your Facebook profile work?
Where can I buy 'real' US Facebook fans?
How can I use Graph API to get Facebook profile data using Python, R, Flume, and Spark?
How do I read somebody else's messages on Facebook with out them knowing?
How do I see other people’s messages on Messenger?
What is the difference between Facebook addicts and Quora addicts?
Can I have a FB page with no one knowing about it?
How do we scale our current 13 Adsets Facebook (13 ads) targeting the same audience optimized by FB?
How do I edit my comment below a post on Facebook, but have it show as the original comment and not an edit?
Are the statistics on Facebook and Instagram about promoted post authentic?
How do I search content on Facebook?
Can I find a person on Facebook if I have an email address?
How does Facebook determine whether solid or gradient backgrounds are available for status updates and when?
Can I reset my password on IG if I forgot my email account and my phone number indicated on it doesn't exist?
Every time I run an ad on my Facebook Page, organic reach on regular posts plummet, and they do not normalize for a week. Why is this happening?
Why is my CPC on Facebook rising while my audience is not even half saturated?
Should I only run my Facebook ad during the hours most conversions occur?
Is it mandatory to have an FB account for a Quora user provided I do not have accounts in Facebook or Twitter?Is it stupid of me for not having so?
Did you start to visit Facebook less after you discovered Quora?
Is moving away from payments to pure ads a good strategy for Facebook Messenger?
How can I see who my girlfriend is talking to when using messenger and private messenger?
Why do Facebook friends who have deleted their accounts stay in your account?
If it could be proven without a doubt that there is no God (for lack of a better word), what would happen?
What configuration is Mark Zuckerberg using as a primary development machine?
How did Jessica Su prepare for her interview at Facebook?
Can I download 2 Facebook app?
How can I reset my Facebook password if I do not have the registered mobile number?
What is the meaning of “hmm” in messenger?
Do people use WhatsApp in Switzerland?
Would you find it worse to be blocked on Facebook or unfriended?
How much did Mark Zuckerberg earn from Facebook when it is was starting (initial amount in 2004)?
Why can't Facebook allow more than 5000 friends?
I have deactivated my Facebook account. I did this on my phone. But I can still log back in. Does this mean my account is not deleted properly?
What type of content can we post on Facebook’s company page?
How do I go from ‘connected on FB Messenger’ to ‘click here to invite’?
Someone is sharing pictures of my friend with a fake Facebook ID. How can we report it to Facebook and how can we trace that person?
Which are the best Facebook pages from Tamil Nadu, which will make you occupied?
Is it better to use the Instagram or Facebook advertising platform to get a higher install rate of a mobile app?
Will there be an end for Facebook news feed or Quora feed?
Why is it that I can talk on my phone about something, and within a couple of days, see some ads for it sent to me on Facebook?
What are the benefits of Facebook?
What percentage of Facebook’s​ code was written by Mark Zuckerberg?
Didn't Facebook realize that implementing the story feature in all their apps will just divide their users?
Why does the Telegram Messenger (app) famous in Russia and the Facebook doesn't?
How do I log into my Facebook account if I don't know my password or the password to the email I signed in with?
What is the best social media platform to gauge public sentiment: Twitter, Facebook, or Quora?
How do you find customers in Canada on Facebook?
Are the images sent over FB secure?
How do I prevent my Facebook fan page from getting unpublished after merging?
Why doesn't Facebook come up with (write) its own operating system?
Do you believe health should be free like Quora, Facebook, and Wikipedia?
Why does the camera on Facebook Messenger have circles around it, sometimes?
Is there an app to know who sends invites to my Facebook?
In the U.S., is it criminal to create a fake Facebook account and obtain nudes?
How do I recover my Facebook account for which I know the email address?
What will happen to Facebook and WhatsApp in June?
How do I find links of engineering students Facebook groups in any American universities?
How can I edit a Facebook post?
Does Facebook allow two accounts of yours, both with real name and correct info?
How are Facebook landing pages created?
How do I change my birth date on my Facebook profile?
Do Facebook, Spotify and other big tech companies use BitTorrent, and if so, in what way?
How good is Facebook marketplace for selling used electronics?
Do you feel that Facebook causes issues with cell phones not working properly?
Why did Facebook page posts organic reach decrease a lot starting April 2017?
If a person does not have Messenger and is not my friend on Facebook, how will they see my message?
What happens to your Facebook account if you pass away?
If two people block each other on Facebook, how can it be undone?
Can I earn through Facebook pages?
Is it true that you can request a copy of the file the FBI has on you by sending them a letter?
How is Facebook gaining ground in the display advertising market?
Why doesn't Facebook show me my likes?
How can I send friend request to the CEO of Facebook Mark Zuckerberg?
How visible are Facebook posts set to "friends only"? Can employers find them?
How do I discover my friends’ activity on Facebook?
Where can I find Facebook coupons (50$) for cheap prices?
How can I reclaim my company's business Facebook page?
Why do some words on my Facebook page look like this ⵜⴰⵣⵡⵓⵔⵜ when I sign in from Chrome or Edge?
How can I find out if one of my friend on friend list has more than one number?
Can someone possibly get a notification if Iook at their Facebook a lot on my account?
Do China and Russia have their own version of Facebook?
How can I find similar Facebook Fanpages (free tool)?
Why do celebrities and others choose to use Twitter more than Facebook to share ideas and other content?
How different is Facebook Android app compared with other native apps?
Is a person blocked on Facebook Messenger blocked on Facebook, too?
How can I access my ex girlfriends Facebook from my iPhone when she is in a different state?
Why are the Carousel images getting blurred on Facebook? The dimensions are above 600x600.
How I can undo my deleted chats on Facebook?
Where do I view my friend list?
Can I add friends of my friend on Facebook? What does he/she actually think?
Will companies like Facebook, Uber, and Airbnb survive in the market for the next 20 years?
When Facebook disables an account, does it ban the account or that person? And are those users allowed to create a new account?
Is there any IPM aspirant I could get in contact with via Facebook or any other means?
Why don't Quora have auto translate like Facebook or Google?
How long would it take to scroll through Facebook feed if you were friends with every user?
Are we allowed to add teachers we had on Facebook and speak to them?
Do you think Discord has the potential to transform into a large social network?
How many followers do I need to attract adverts for my Facebook page?
What Social media sites to use instead of Facebook for daily usage?
Why don't Indian boys make American girlfriends through Facebook?
Can Facebook be replaced?
Why does Quora allow users to have a different name from their Facebook accounts?
What are “autolikes” in Facebook?
Why can't I see the details of someone who is not my friend and who was last active on Messenger?
Is social media like Facebook good for your own development?
How can I send a request to a person on FB, when it keeps on showing 'send request to known person only' but I know that person?
Does the FCC regulate the Facebook videos?
Facebook has around 2 billion users. Why are they still doing marketing via ads? Do they really need any advertisement, as every child knows about them?
Is there any app for Facebook that when a specific person​ comes online I get notified​?
What will happen if my old Gmail ID is linked to my Facebook account, and I deleted it?
Is it illegal to use someone’s wedding video that you shoot for marketing purposes on FaceBook/YouTube?
Why is there no Swadesi website similar to Google or Facebook in India?
How can I stop or mute a Facebook video embedded via JavaScript SDK on my own page (my page is in my own domain)?
How do you activate a disabled account?
How do I recover my deleted Facebook messages?
How one can gain Facebook page likes?
What is meant by "you have a friend suggestion”?
Does Facebook pay for its users to create a page or a group? If yes, then how much?
What does a Facebook ID with a -0 after it signify?
How can I find out if my wife is cheating, with Facebook and chat lines?
Can Mark Zuckerberg read celebrities' Facebook chats?
Why am I being asked to add someone to a Facebook group?
How do I guess if a data engineer phone interview for Facebook went good or bad?
Why does a narcissist man make his Facebook profile public then go private?
What is the official abbreviation for Facebook Instant Articles? FIA or FBIA?
What app has full page advertisements that pop up at random? The ads almost always lead to company Facebook pages. It does not show up in scans.
How can I transfer a Facebook session from my iOS device to somewhere else?
How can you call somebody through Messenger if you are not friends?
If 2 Facebook accounts have been deleted permanently, then what will happen to the chat conversations, including photos, between those 2 accounts?
How much do I need to spend to get 10,000 likes on my Facebook page?
Is it possible to change the SMS content of Facebook Account Kit?
What are the best comments for a mother’s profile?
Do people hack Facebook or Google to fix bugs? Or is there any other way to fix it legally?
What are the characteristics of passive aggressive Facebook posts?
Facebook Ads: what interest group would be best for people that have recently purchased a TV and may need installation? It's so broad.
What is the basic difference between Facebook and other social sites which makes Facebook very much popular and others not?
What would be viable antitrust strategies against Facebook and Google becoming/already being a digital advertising duopoly?
How do I delete archived messages (chat logs) on Facebook?
How can I open a Facebook Chapter at my university?
Is there a way, in 2017, to import Facebook comments (from a blog post with Facebook comments) to the original WordPress comment system or Disqus?
Why would a good guy friend block me from Facebook? I've known him 20 years.
How can you see how long someone has been friends on Facebook?
Who should I target my Facebook ads to in order to get new customers if products are mystical products like horoscopes?
Which is the best free Facebook lead management software?
How do I know if someone I am not friends with on Facebook received my message on Messenger?
How do I make payments for Facebook sponsored posts through Paytm?
What did Facebook & Snapchat do in its first 12 months for marketing and user acquisition?
Can I recover a deleted Facebook chat?
Would you have had the foresight to join Facebook if Mark Zuckerberg approached you and asked you to help him create the world's largest social media platform?
What is Facebook's core competency?
How is game theory used in real life applications by tech-companies such as Google, Facebook, Amazon, Microsoft and others?
Is there a tutorial for making a Facebook chat bot triggered by a page's post comments?
How many people use Facebook in Turkiye?
If celebrities don’t have personal Facebook accounts, how do they have a Facebook page?
If somebody hacked my Facebook and ended the log in session afterwards, would their log in still show up in my archive?
Can I download all of my Messenger information?
What would happen if Snapchat integrated Facebook login?
Is YouTube live feature copied from Facebook live?
When did Facebook become irrelevant?
The OBC NCL certificate prescribed by IIT has two pages. At the time of uploading the documents, do I have to upload both pages?
What is this ad on Facebook for?
If you just launched Facebook events 2.0, what metrics would you collect and how would you know if the launch was a success?
Is it advisable to combine a personal Facebook account with a business one?
Who pays for posts on Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, etc?
Are you friends with Tyler Garman Art on Facebook?
Would you have invested in Facebook in 2004?
What makes someone choose one form of direct messaging over another? For example, why choose Facebook Messenger, Instagram Direct, Snap Direct, or WhatsApp?
Have you heard about minds.com?
Why do women accept friend requests from men on Facebook and then don't want to chat with them?
Can Quora be an alternative to Facebook and Twitter for students?
Why is Facebook going to be banned in the US?
How do you go from being connected on Messenger to saying ‘click here to invite’?
Does Facebook or any other social media site monitor our everyday life?
How do you place a countdown clock on a Facebook page?
How can I get more GoFundMe page views? I have shared with all Facebook friends and Twitter.
Who approves Facebook ads: Bots or humans?
Can I earn money through Facebook?
Are all the stories on Facebook about human trafficking near misses real or fake?
Does Balaji Viswanathan have a Facebook account?
Who has my girlfriend recently added on Facebook?
What does Facebook not monetise shopping on the platform through commission like Amazon does?
How many accounts has Facebook disabled?
Why isn't Facebook showing my contacts anymore?
Can I make a truly 'public' Facebook live (see details)?
What is the eligibility criteria for getting off campus placement in Google, Facebook and Microsoft?
How do the companies like Google and Facebook recruit, and how can you know their exam dates?
This girl I have a crush on accepted my Facebook friend request only about 2 hours after I sent it. Does that mean she likes me?
How can Facebook choose people to show you in 'people you may know'?
What are the technical reasons behind some Facebook notifications coming much later than others?
Who can see comments written on Facebook pages of celebrities?
Is it impossible to get a lot of friends on Facebook?
Why are people on Quora posting their personal photos and making it another Facebook? Why doesn’t Quora’s administration put a stop to it?
What is the adoption rate of Facebook in India?
Is it unethical to gain Facebook likes from suffering one?
Can you check your fb messages?
Will Facebook survive once the US gets rid of net neutrality?
When a Facebook page I follow/like host or co-host an event, will I receive a notification?
Why is Facebook not allowing me to add a description on my page and also place a website, etc.?
How do I know who’s viewed my video on Facebook?
Can one post nudes privately on Facebook?
How do the Facebook, WhatsApp, and Instagram applications make money?
What is India's biggest Facebook group?
How does a Facebook post get embedded in a WordPress blog post?
How do I open my old Facebook account if I forgot my password and email address?
How can I write bold letters in a Facebook post?
How can I use a mobile number to search for a Facebook ID?
If a company’s Facebook posts are not being shown, what can the company do to be seen by more of its fans?
How do you analyze the structure of "Is it us, or are news headlines about Facebook's impact on our health popping up more and more these days?"
How can you login without a code on Facebook?
Can we find our lookalike on Facebook?
How do I delete my fb account permanently?
What do you fear most about mind/thought reading technology?
One of my non-Muslim friends is not accepting my friend request on Facebook because I have reverted to Islam. What will you say?
Why is it when I Unfollow a page on Facebook, but don't Unlike it, I still see its news on my newsfeed?
How do I share an image on Facebook to WhatsApp?
Why won't Facebook load the remainder of the photo album instead of just giving me the spinning cursor?
Can someone receive an invite to join messenger from a deactivated Facebook account?
How can you tell if someone is talking you privately on Messenger?
Why does Facebook let you collapse comments of people that you follow but not friends?
Should I setup a separate ad account for Facebook Traffic and Remarketing?
How do I send Facebook to WeChat?
What data can you pull from Facebook's pages without being an admin by using Facebook API?
If Facebook forced you to scan your passport for them, would you do it?
Which Facebook groups are the best for video marketing advice?
Do you think Snapchat will last?
How does Facebook chat work in PC and phones?
How do you tag someone on Facebook?
Has your Facebook Page ever been stolen?
What tools do you use in hacking Facebook account?
Is it possible to attach Facebook album to a website?
How do I get access to Facebook Stories and Messenger Day?
How are some AMP-enabled posts, or Facebook instant articles, showing my email in their subscription boxes?
Which platform can help you to approach and acquire clients more effectively - Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, or Twitter?
Does the number of friends a person has on Facebook reveal anything?
People tab on messenger(iOS) is loading, nothing appear and there is no active people shown, what am I supposed to do?
Can we restrict the voting rights of members in a Facebook group?
How do I link comments from my previous post to a new post?
How do I add a community tab on my Facebook page?
How do some Facebook users set picture as a background of their Facebook text status? Note that I don't mean color/gradient but actual picture.
Should one join Facebook or Instagram?
Would a web/mobile developer interview at Facebook/Instagram require heavy ds & algorithms?
Why would I get a push notification if one of my connections liked a post (not my post) on LinkedIn?
How many views is a Facebook post likely to have per share?
How do I find a USA active Facebook group?
If you have two separate Facebook accounts (as a company), is it possible to migrate the pages owned by each account to one account?
How can you drive traffic to an eBay or Amazon listing using Facebook?
Someone has hacked my Facebook account and posted something obscene. I want to change the password, but forgot my present password. How do I change it?
How do I check Facebook login status in Android?
What percent of Messenger users are English speaking?
How can I get more shares on my Facebook videos?
What is the simplest way to share an FB video to a non-FB user?
How do I un-archive a Facebook contact (conversation) to the inbox (desktop)?
How can I unlink a logged out Instagram account from my Facebook page?
How do I see “Friend Request Sent” on Facebook?
Do you feel annoyed that when you see Facebook telling you that an offender does not violate the standards of racism and violent remarks of theirs?
Henry Froelich asks: Is it liberating to have a Facebook account with no friends, just post publicly so that anyone can see, and comment?
How do I invite people who are not present in my Facebook friends list to like my Facebook page?
Can I expect to get a job in companies like Google, Facebook, etc. if I take CS at Sikkim Manipal University?
Does it leave a poor impression to start a conversation with a coworker you like on Facebook than in person?
How do police deal with cases related to Facebook IDs that were deleted 2 years ago?
What is the easiest way to embed Facebook photos as a slideshow on my website?
Can I access my WhatsApp via Facebook?
Is there any way I could find who visits my Facebook profile for free?
How do I know who my secret profile visitors are on Facebook?
How can I send Facebook notifications to other Facebook users?
Would Facebook's ParlAI scale to RDFS or OWL?
Does Facebook use Redux?
How do I remove the phone number from my FB account?
How do I get rid off of using Facebook?
How do you get Facebook page likes for your new startup page?
How do I delete a Facebook account which I don't use?
What is the process to live steam cricket match on a Facebook Page?
Why is it easy to get likes on Facebook but hard to get upvotes on Quora?
What happens when a message is deleted when it is in with a single tick on Facebook?
Does Facebook feel a long-term threat to its viability and brand? Does it recognize that emerging social media platforms are stealing market share?
How can I join tech giants like Google, Facebook, MSFT as college dropout in India? And what salary can I expect?
If I customize who can see posts I'm tagged in on my timeline on Facebook, can they still see it in their newsfeed?
Approximately how many verified accounts are given by Twitter and Facebook on a daily basis?
Can being active on Messenger also mean someone is scrolling through their feed or watching videos, etc.?
How do I find US-based Facebook Fiverr groups?
How can I make humor/meme content go viral on social media?
How can hide my friend list on Facebook using an Android phone?
What would cause me to stop being able to see when someone is active on Facebook Messenger? Would they have to have blocked me?
After a relationship ends, do you block or unfriend the ex on Facebook?
How do I search many Facebook groups at once?
Why is Facebook getting boring?
Does Google share its big data with Facebook?
How do I increase the spending limit of a Facebook page?
How do I verify Facebook in India?
What is the size of a Facebook cover photo?
How do I create a Facebook web page HTML?
How can you make your Facebook stand out?
What is the best way of counting the number of words in a given Facebook group?
How do we know how many page likes or post likes can we get with a budget of $500 for Facebook ads lifetime budget?
How can I get my Instagram account back without using my Facebook? I have forgotten the password.
What language is Facebook Android app written in?
How do I make my Facebook page more popular among women?
How I can recover my Facebook account because I forgot the password?
Does everyone get Facebook stats on their page?
What's the difference between hosting and co-hosting a Facebook event as a fan page?
How can I know my friends on Facebook who never like my posts? I don't want to unfriend those people who keep liking my posts.
I have two accounts linked on Messenger. Will it show active for both accounts even when only one account is being used?
What would happen if Facebook were to shut down for 1 hour?
Why don't I see the Facebook explore option in desktop and only in Facebook application?
How do I find who uploaded a photo first on Facebook?
I keep getting friend requests in Facebook from people (real ones, not fake) I haven't met, should I accept them?
Can I export pictures in the comments on a Facebook page?
I've 3 pages with the personal profile, I claimed one page to the business manager and I want to restore it to my personal account, how can I do it?
Why don't I see GIFs on Facebook?
Why do profile pictures of guys in WhatsApp, Facebook, etc. include their girlfriend while almost all girls will not have their partners' photo included in theirs?
What BlueKai data does Facebook collect? Are they cookies-based?
How can I report an FB account?
Can I be notified if someone searches me or my Facebook page?
How do we extract mobile numbers from our friends on Facebook with the help of an Android device?
How many days is Facebook disabled for?
Is Facebook trying to discourage the use of Instagram by introducing "News Feed Direct Message" and "Facebook Stories"?
What is the highest rank available on Facebook Tetris?
How can I bring back accidently spammed chats in Messenger?
I have a tech page on IG called @samsungblog_ that has more than 80k followers. How can I make money from that? I also have 3 more tech pages with 30k
Can I get alerts showing me how long I have been active on Facebook and Facebook messenger?
What does the camera next to the phone with the green dot on Messenger keep blinking for?
Why doesn’t my Facebook message to someone have blue ticks, even if he is online?
How am I supposed to help a friend whose Facebook account has been hacked?
What "new" business idea would you give these companies to expand their business: Amazon, Netflix, Apple, Uber, Facebook and Twitter?
How can I get more likes in Facebook group?
Is it possible to get a Facebook blue badge on a media page with 3.9k likes?
Can WhatsApp be hacked with a Facebook password?
Why has Facebook not acquired TripAdvisor yet?
Is it possible to resize images/media on my Facebook feed?
How can I add a custom E-book cover to a PDF book?
How much is spent on Facebook advertising, on average, by a small scale business?
How does the Facebook “Suggestion” part work? How do they suggest friends?
Can you catch someone with a fake account on Facebook?
What charges can be filed against me if I violated someone's privacy by going through someone's Facebook account?
How do I get Facebook to remove a fake profile using my father’s identity? Reporting hasn't worked.
If Mark Zuckerberg became president, would he be consider the most powerful man alive?
Why are most of the people switching from Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, etc., to Quora?
I added someone to my contacts, can they somehow see that they are on my contacts using Snapchat?
Is anyone having issues with Facebook Ads, Ads Manager, or getting their ads reviewed? My Facebook ads are not getting reviewed.
There are so many ads about the ‘No. 1 Internet Marketing/Marketer’ on Facebook. Which one is the most reliable and true?
China's protective market has created competitors to Google, FB and Amazon. Should other countries follow so as to cultivate homegrown companies?
Which social networks have the best comments under the comment model?
How do I get fake followers on a Facebook fan page?
What is the biggest free classified Facebook page in Bangladesh?
How can I get the blue mark on my Facebook profile?
If I block someone on Facebook, will I still see their "likes" or comments on future posts by mutual friends?
Isn't the social media like Snapchat and Instagram making today's youth more pretentious?
How do I find out who has seen my comments on a photo on Facebook?
How do I see if someone blocked me from seeing their post but I'm still their friend on Snapchat?
Why do people not support your posts on Facebook?
How do I market to a specific segment of the population on Facebook?
What is the age to use Facebook?
How do I block someone from seeing my FB page?
How do I get back into my Facebook account if someone changed my password?
What are Facebook texts?
What accounts for Facebook's decline in popularity?
What would be life after quitting WhatsApp and Facebook?
What should I fill in the "website" section on Facebook?
Have you ever tried to troll anyone online while chatting?
How do I change unpublished Facebook posts to published?
Why can’t India make Google and Facebook?
How do I open my husband's FB account in my cell phone without his knowledge?
What is the best reply if a stranger abuses me on Facebook?
Is there a way to tell what targeting options people are using to serve you a specific Facebook ad?
Can someone can view if I send pictures in messenger?
What is the idea of sharing news or website posts on Facebook with an instant power sign? Is that so that they can get loaded automatically and read instantly?
Why would someone make private their relationship status on FB? Especially when you can link to their partner that says married?
How can I make an auto-reply in my Facebook account?
How can I log in to Gmail or Facebook knowing only my username using an inspect element?
Why do so many of my friends miss my fb messages?
What are the pros of being on Facebook? We have all read numerous answers on the cons already.
What are the best uses or features of Facebook?
Why can't I view the profile of a person that Facebook says I'm already friends with?
Is there an iPhone app that combines SMS, email, and Facebook messenger in one inbox?
What softwares & platform does Google and Facebook use to create marketing materials?
How can I know the IP address that hacked my Facebook or Gmail?
Why are some (maybe many) people 'not' using Facebook/Twitter? I’d like to understand their angle as well.
What is the most expensive country in which to advertise on Facebook, in terms of CPC & CPM?
Can one get malware by visiting a real Facebook page?
Can you Suggest me some hacks of Facebook?
Should I add a guy I like on Facebook?
Can I follow back links from Facebook and Google Plus?
How do you find your favorites on Messenger?
How do I share HTML canvas to Facebook using Facebook JavaScript SDK?
How can I find my first Facebook?
How can I report hacking on Facebook?
What is Facebook's code review process like?
How do I set up a Facebook ads campaign targeting people suffering from injuries?
How can I get a brand endorsement for my Facebook videos, if they are seen by 1lakh people on average?
How can I be benefited by using Quora instead of Facebook?
Why do people say Instagram is for close friends and Facebook is for everyone?
What are your thoughts on Facebook's Two-Person-Live feature on Facebook Live?
Why do I get suggestions of my contacts on Facebook when I have not linked my phone number to the account?
How does Facebook get data about professional Dota matches?
How can I know if someone used my Facebook account without my permission?
How do we post live video on Facebook from a mobile?
Is there an app I can use to delete one entire year of Facebook post, while keeping other years intact?
What are some of the questions asked in Facebook interviews?
How do I find private profiles from my fiancee’s Facebook account?
Why did Facebook take back the 'Thankful' flower emoticon?
Which is the best group on Facebook for puzzles?
How can I cancel a pending request on Facebook?
Which is a better option to promote a home based business? A Facebook page or a blog?
Does Facebook pay for most followers?
How can you tell if someone is messaging someone on Messenger?
Do you think Facebook is becoming YouTube's younger sibling?
How do you feel when you are at home and see a pictures of a group of friends on Facebook or Instagram?
Is there any app which help us to see who has checked our WhatsApp and Facebook profile?
Is Mark Zuckerberg egoistic?
What is a unique name for an Instagram page about nail art?
How do I get on Facebook if it's blocked by the wifi?
How do you show your life and your value and promote yourself on Facebook, WeChat, and Instagram in a normal or special way, especially for your goddess?
Why doesn't Facebook take reports seriously?
What is the best way to report a Facebook page with more than 100,000 followers, and is there a specific number of Facebook users to report it?
How can I display Facebook album on my website using different layouts? (Grid, Masonery, Slideshow etc)
How do I transition a viral content media Facebook page to a business direction?
TamilRockers is one of the piracy websites. They are interacting with the people in Twitter and Facebook. Can the cybercrime department do something?
Do you think Quora is more addictive than Facebook and Instagram?
How do I use Facebook and WhatsApp on a Blackberry Z10?
Can a candidate go through multiple recruiters for Facebook or Google at the same time? Do they see each other's candidate history?
Is it legal for someone to keep a deceased family member's profile on Facebook active after that person has died without noting it in their profile?
Why did the icon marketplace on my Facebook account suddenly disappear?
How can we counter a point where someone says its not a bad thing (could be anything like, social networking etc.) in itself if it's used properly?
Is it a good idea to send my former teacher a friend request on Facebook?
How do I view a person’s profile on Facebook after they message me?
What is/are the best programming language/s to learn, if you want to work in Facebook or Google?
How can I browse Facebook anonymously?
Which one is very important in Facebook marketing: page likes or post engagement?
Is there a way to safeguard your Facebook Custom Audiences in case your ad account gets disabled?
Why do people say that Facebook targeting is amazing when I can only select age, gender and interests?
Is Facebook interesting for BtoB marketers?
Facebook has used my ID to do verification in the past, how long does it keep a copy of that ID and how do I remove it?
Did Mark Zuckerberg die?
What do I do with a Google Tracking Code and Facebook Pixel?
How do I stop my Facebook addiction?
Is it common for Facebook and Google users to distrust the companies and feel helpless about it?
Why does Facebook specifically not allow you to untag yourself from other people's comments?
Why has the search functionality on Facebook buy-and-sell groups been removed?
How can I create impressive posts on Facebook?
Can you see your Facebook password on messenger?
I deactivated my account. Will she still get my message?
Can we get a Facebook users list from a particular location using an FB API?
Is there any way to search a Facebook account​ by the uploaded pictures on that account​?
How do I check my Facebook archive?
Why does Facebook keep rejecting my ad?
Why do giants like Google and Facebook spend money on advertising?
Can any idea eliminate Facebook in the future?
What are the creepiest things Facebook has ever done?
What do Nigerian men think about Immanuel Ifediata's recent controversial Facebook posts about underaged girls?
What is a fan page in Facebook?
What can we expect from Facebook TV this summer?
What will be Facebook's next step after a report of an account hack is made? How long does it take? What is Facebook’s customer care number (India), if one exits?
If a reporter is a type of journalist, and news is defined as noteworthy, am I a journalist if I post on Facebook something relevant to my friends?
Why do I still get notifications from Facebook when I have deactivated my account?
What is the best practice for really short term advertising on Facebook?
How do Facebook collection ads work?
Are there any good sites that I can market my credit restoration business other then Facebook and Instagram?
Could any Facebook password be difficult to hack?
How can I make people comment on my blog mainakiwiri.WordPress.com using their Facebook accounts?
How do I unfollow all of my friends on Facebook and just follow pages?
What is the salary for interns at Facebook in 2017?
How can I find my friend’s mobile number on Facebook without asking him?
Why do leftists block people who were against them on social media? Is it considered bullying?
Why has Google+ failed to triumph over Facebook?
How can I set up a FB page for a nightclub promoter?
How do I implement news feed for social network?
In what way can a Facebook Messenger bot help a college?
How do you know if your friend on Facebook Messenger is on a call on Messenger?
How many registered users does Facebook have in 2017?
How can I get close to someone on Facebook?
Should I put my ''concepts'' of a UI/UX redesign for sites like Spotify, Facebook etc. in my portfolio?
If you accidentally like someone's post then deactivate your Facebook account, do they get a notification?
How can I advertised to married mums who are NOT in employment on Facebook?
Why is the monopolization of the Internet by Google, Facebook, and Amazon destructive?
How do I keep videos playing in the background, on Facebook, which I've started?
Does Facebook use lossy data compression techniques?
Are there any products that would work similarly to a private Facebook group for running an app pilot for teams of 50+ users? For feedback, support, etc.
What happened to the Norinder Mudi page on Facebook?
If a friend marks your message unread, will I still see the "seen" after?
How do you deal with frenemies on Facebook?
How do I find out who is behind a Facebook page if they have not identified an admin and they do not reply to a message request?
Is there not a Facebook Page Template that features Events and Groups?
How do we integrate Facebook with CI?
If I bought one share of Facebook and the company increased in value by 10% two years later, how much would my single share be worth?
How is Facebook reading my iMessages?
What developing app (e.g. Java, Python, Swift) was used to make Facebook?
Why are Pakistanis not as active on Quora as they are on Facebook?
Should you keep your enemies on Facebook?
Can I earn with Facebook videos?
Where can I find someone who can help me spy on my spouse’s Facebook and text messages without his knowledge?
What do programmers at big tech companies like Google, Facebook, etc., eat and drink to support their productivity (snacks, drinks, etc.)? What besides coffee do they consume?
Who gets unfriended and blocked online and what do they block you and unfriend you for?
Is having a Facebook account cut off worth sharing your ID?
Which picture tagging algorithms is used by Facebook and Instagram?
How can I hide my Quora account from my Facebook friends?
What's stopping Facebook from building their own search engine and/or browser?
How many hours per day does a social media manager need to activate and surveil Facebook and Twitter campaigns?
Can a message on Facebook be traced back to me if I used a fake profile?
Someone hacked my Facebook account and changed my profile picture. What can I do to fix this?
Is there any way to lock an application (say, WhatsApp or Facebook) on the iPhone 6?
How is Quora reading my Facebook profile even though I made it private?
How do I check someone’s post on Facebook if they have a blog?
Has anyone on Quora recently deleted their Facebook account, and did doing so improve his/her quality of life?
What are the steps of building a Facebook messenger bot which will store data in a self-hosted database?
How many people or companies are working on trying to unseat Facebook as the dominant social media platform?
How do I get to know the best time of launching a blog while running a Facebook page?
Why does Facebook ad experts do not share some of their success secrets/tricks?
Why is Facebook business page taking more than 1 week to approve the products?
How can we earn money through Facebook in India?
What type of programming language should I learn if I want to make a social media platform like Facebook?
Can I still use Messenger after deleting my Facebook account?
How did I verify my Facebook page with a mobile phone?
How do I retreive my password for Facebook without using the old verification?
Will companies like Facebook, Uber, Thankeyou and Airbnb survive in the market for the next 30 years?
When will moderated sites like Facebook, Quora, etc., acknowledge that posts in denial of anthropogenic global warming are essentially fake news?
Is Facebook's intention to implement Delegated Account Recovery instead of passwords adding more security to your account or compromising it?
How do I use Baybayin in Facebook?
Is there an app that can help you see someone's Facebook profile if you’re blocked?
How can you make an invitation on Facebook?
How do I increase the likes on my Facebook instantly?
Is it a crime to hack a Facebook account?
My crush's birthday is tomorrow . He has kept it hidden on Facebook. Should I wish him?
Can I have Facebook to send me my password to another email?
To what extent can a Facebook account can be kept deactivated so that afterwards it can be recovered before Facebook permanently deletes it?
Why do people only send happy and travelling photos on WhatsApp and Facebook? Why don’t they also send some when they are going through some bad phase?
Can a tech company sell user's data to other's without adversing?
Can I legally publish 3rd party articles to Facebook Instant Articles if I credit the author?
How do I show my workplace on my Facebook profile?
How can I invite people who shared my post to like my Facebook business page?
Why have people started deleting their Facebook accounts?
Why does Facebook have such a horrible and poor programming design?
Why does Facebook not show Arnab's new channel Rebuplic as a trending topic?
Does Facebook hate Google?
Should I be back on Facebook?
Why are these companies paying such huge amounts to their interns?
What are some good Christmas Facebook statuses?
Which software does the Facebook page "poisoned thoughts" use for creating posts? What is some great software for creating similar posts?
When does Messenger show when someone is online? Can Messenger show who is online without opening Facebook?
Is there any popular English social media app like Facebook or Twitter which has not yet been banned by the Chinese government?
Why do Facebook notifications still make sounds even after I turn off "Play a sound when each new notification is received"?
If someone's Facebook posts are not shareable and they wish to change this, what do they do?
How​ can I find a fake Facebook account​?
Is it possible to partner with a Facebook page with lakhs of likes for the promotion of my website in return for 20% of my AdSense income?
How do I write posts with attractive English on Facebook?
How do I unfollow everyone on FB?
Which is the most important company among Facebook, Google, and Apple?
How eseential is Facebook for professional networking? (I plan to do my MBA this year, haven't really felt the need of getting on Facebook till now)
Do celebrities have two Facebook accounts?
What are some little known Facebook stalking techniques?
Where on Facebook Messenger can I find the date I blocked someone?
What are some other chat sites like Facebook?
What is the best social media marketing tools to schedule posts for Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Pinterest and Instagram?
What is the software from which Facebook is programmed?
How do the telecom operators block WhatsApp and Facebook in Kashmir? Is it possible to bypass them via a VPN?
Which algorithm or library did Facebook use to make their voice calling clear?
Why can’t I like any page on Facebook?
What are some of the cutest Facebook proposals?
How do I set up a Facebook marketing campaign targeting the parents of teens?
Can you save pictures from Facebook to your phone?
How do I recover my password for Facebook with no email, phone or password?
Is there any way we can convince the guys who own Facebook that their Messenger is trash?
How can one make his FB page popular without promotion?
How can I find friends by DOB on Facebook?
How I can make friends from Australia aside from Facebook?
What is the approximate number of daily "likes" and "reactions" exchanged on Facebook?
What was your reason for deactivating Facebook forever?
Why won't my brother friend me on Facebook?
How do I message verified people on Facebook and Twitter?
How can I save my uninstalled Facebook and WhatsApp data from others?
Is it possible to request all Facebook events in a certain area to use on a different website?
What is the best way to increase your Facebook followers without paid advertising (not including usual stuff like hashtags or groups, etc.)?
How do I know if my Facebook friends are not following me?
Why wouldn't ISPs block Facebook without net neutrality?
How can I improve my Facebook page https://www.facebook.com/emailingbirds/?
Do you think running ads on Facebook to drive leads to my virtual hosting affiliate site is likely to work?
Can someone work at Facebook only with freelance experience?
Why does Instagram know my Facebook friends even though the two accounts were never connected?
How can I report a bug to Facebook or Google or any website or app?
What is the process large product organizations go through to prioritize initiatives?
How do I store data in Android when the user is registered with Google/Facebook?
How can I transfer an app through Facebook?
How can I know my forgotten Facebook password without my email and my confirmation code number?
If a Facebook account is deactivated, will it still add friends to your account?
Should Facebook disable their live feed video given that it's been used lately to show live murders?
I blocked someone on Facebook after I sent them a message. Will I still know if they read the message I sent?
As a realtor's new assistant, I need to manage marketing online using MailChimp and Facebook. What can I post about?
Did Mark Zuckerberg create the Facebook website alone? How?
How do I invite (add) people to my business page/group on Facebook if I am not connected with them on Facebook?
What is the legality of selling goods online through Instagram or Facebook pages in Nepal? I know it’s illegal, but is there any way to check with my government?
Why there are no companies like Apple, Google, Microsoft, Facebook, etc., in India?
What is Quora really? I typed a question into Google only to find I had an account here; I am not kidding, my old Facebook profile picture and name were up.
I cannot see Facebook verifications when I am logged out. How do I fix this?
My rapist has sent me a friend request like nothing happened for the 2nd time. What should I do?
How do I set GIF/slideshow as profile pic on Facebook?
How can I talk to Facebook for help?
I told my fiancée we shouldn't be friends on FB. Not for immoral reasons. Is this right thing to request if I need a little space?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a relation to Nate Zuckerberg, a deceased friend of mine, who was the developer of "Zuckerberg's Terminal" in Saddle Brook, NJ?
Could I say that " I'm the upcoming Mark Zuckerberg " to Mark Zuckerberg?
How do I add clickable Instagram links in my Facebook bio?
How do I stop overusing Facebook and Instagram? I keep on scrolling through them, even though I need to stop.
Facebook: How do I get auto-likes on a Facebook profile picture?
How do I find the location of a Facebook profile?
Why can I not accept more than 5000 friends on Facebook?
How can I share a post with my friends on Facebook?
Why doesn't Facebook provide the ad recall rate for campaigns with a reach objective?
How do you delete shared photos on Facebook Messenger?
Is there any FB liker which works?
Why do many people on Facebook request likes for their posts?
How can I bring back my brother’s memorialised Facebook page?
Why have you decided to make your birthday public or private on Facebook?
Say I run a fidget spinner dropship site. While advertising on Facebook, what should be my target audience?
Are there any Malayalees working at Facebook?
When and what was the reason behind you permanently deleting your Facebook account?
Is there any remote possibility that if you're chatting from your laptop/PC on Facebook that it will show 'sent from mobile'?
What is the difference between instant replies to anyone and the “Show a Messenger Greeting” on Facebook?
Is tourism in China marketed through Facebook?
Is it true that government can monitor our chats like WhatsApp and Facebook or SMS?
How do I survive without using Facebook, Instagram, and/or WhatsApp?
What are the products of Facebook? Why do they keep recruiting when their product is saturated?
How would the Facebook look like and function, if it was found by a Pakistani?
On what basis do Facebook comments appear at the top?
How can I read my husband's FB's secret conversation messages without his knowledge and without any password, and how do I open it in my mobile?
How dou you deal with passive aggressive Facebook posts?
How should I settle my Facebook account?
How famous do I need to be to get my Facebook profile verified?
Is it OK to ask your interviewer at Facebook for feedback?
What are some examples of IT Project Management’s best practices in large companies like Amazon, Facebook, etc.?
Does employee engagement with a company’s Facebook page damage its ability to reach potential customers?
What’s a nice and appropriate comment for a girl's photo on Facebook?
How do I unarchive a conversation if the person has already deactivated his/her account?
How can I find out when and where a Facebook account was created?
Can I replace a Facebook video without losing the likes?
Can I find out if anyone had unfollowed me on Facebook?
How long does WhatsApp keep deleted photographs on their servers, or does WhatsApp keep deleted media?
How do I find out who my non-friends Facebook followers are?
Is it normal for a couple to constantly flirt with each other and praise each other on Facebook walls when they could do it via a private text?
Are there enough potential users with VR gear for Facebook Spaces or is the project launch premature?
How much money would Google/Facebook/Microsoft give if you hacked them?
What are some Facebook or Google Plus groups and communities where I can promote my spa, which also gives massages?
Are you that one person who sends game requests on Facebook to everyone? Why?
How do you get the purple flower button on Facebook?
How do I become friends with someone I'm Facebook friends with?
When did you realise that Quora is better than Facebook?
Why is Messenger sending invites from me to unknown people?
Do Facebook or Instagram use Firebase?
What are some of the creative ways companies curb Facebook addiction of their employees at work?
Should I create a separate account for my company on likedin?
How can I see less news from people and more from pages on Facebook?
I have deleted a recent message on Facebook with a friend but the contact is still on the top of my message log. How can I rearrange?
Could I scrape the profiles of my friends (in an Excel file) on Facebook? If so, how?
Instagram doesn't recognize that my Facebook business page exists. How do I fix this?
How is access suspended to a site in a particular country? For example, how did Turkey block Wikipedia, or how did Egypt block Facebook?
How do I know who has shared a post I posted on my Facebook page?
Can I know someone's Facebook fanpage name through his/her Instagram business account?
Is there an e-commerce platform that is a Facebook app?
Did Tab Ruffin block me on Facebook?
How can I go on my messanger without opening my Facebook account?
How do I impress a girl on Facebook through chat whom I don’t know?
How do I get my old Facebook account I deleted back?
Are sites like Facebook actually limiting the whole idea of the web and the internet by monopolizing it?
What if Facebook and Google never existed?
What's the most interesting social media post you've ever seen?
How do I unblock a message from a friend on Facebook after deleting the conversations?
Is it a good idea to get Shutterstock photos for free from Facebook then resell them?
Why did you change your profile picture?
What is the technology used to create closed groups on websites like Google, Facebook, and Quora?
Do celebrities have personal Facebook accounts?
How many customers does Facebook have?
Is there any simple method to go live on Facebook via recorded video?
How do I shut a hacker, who manages to get back in even with repeated password changes and increased security, out of my Facebook account?
How do I appeal Facebook blocking outgoing links to my website?
If you blocked a former friend on Facebook and they wanted to know why, what would you say?
How do you prevent messages on Facebook altogether? I don't have Messenger. My chat is turned off, but it still comes into the inbox. I don't want them.
How is it that I log into Quora with my Facebook credentials, then the next day my profile has been suddenly altered?
How can I block Facebook’s ads review system?
How do I know if someone viewed my profile on Facebook?
How do I can delete a like from my post?
Why did Zuckerberg start Facebook?
What are some media marketing prices for various social media sites like Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Pinterest, etc.?
What are some smart ways of purging one's Facebook friends list without coming across as a jackass?
What demographics use social media?
Do questions on Quora such as "what are you wearing right now?” likely indicate the 'Facebook crowd' is infesting Quora?
What should I do when someone is killing my group on Facebook using an admin account?
How do you feel when people don't reply even after seeing your messages on WhatsApp or Facebook?
Which is the best social media site: Facebook or Google+?
How can I get on my old Facebook account without my Facebook password and without my Gmail password?
Why do people confuse Facebook with the internet? Why do they think Facebook is the internet?
Is Facebook using lambda architecture?
What is the best payment method for Facebook ads from Nepal?
What should I do if I want to work at Google or Facebook at any cost?
What are the things you wished a chat messenger should have?
How can I reset my Facebook password without email?
Why is there no mobile version of the Facebook Friends feed?
How much does a social media agencies charge?
How can I get deleted WhatsApp and Facebook messages through someone's phone?
How can I see the full list of my read books on Facebook?
Why in some Android (M) devices, while video calling on Messenger, isn’t the option of face filters applied through the (* type icon)?
Is there a way to get the Audience Insights from the Facebook pages of my competitors?
Why is Quora quickly becoming like Facebook? Are we Indians responsible for its deterioration in quality?
Facebook unpublished my page because of a false copyright report. Facebook accepted the report was false but will not re-publish my page. What now?
Can I go live on Facebook and Twitter with only my computer, as I have no other devices?
How is Facebook able to not let the technology scanner softwares to detect the technologies it is using?
How can I get my Facebook account back after being banned? I didn't do anything to violate their rules.
Can we get money if we find mistakes in Facebook?
How can I get flower react in Facebook?
How often are the Facebook Pixel events (stats) updated in the Facebook Ads Manager?
How do I search public posts on a specific date on Facebook?
Why is there no sound when I shoot a video for my Facebook story?
What is the billing threshold on Facebook, and why do they charge extra?
How can I verify my Facebook account without Gmail or phone number?
How do I find someone with a fake Facebook account and email?
How can I know anyone’s Facebook password?
Does anybody use the autoliker for FB and feel content with it? Why or why not?
How I can check what is trending on Facebook?
When the green icon is green, does it mean you’re active on Messenger or active on FB?
When making a new account after my Facebook account was disabled I am logged out and asked for a selfie. Has anyone else experienced this?
Is it possible to make your cellular data look like it's coming from somewhere like Facebook, or receive your data through Facebook?
Why won't Facebook add my images when I share my post?
Has anyone hacked the Facebook website and wrote his own content?
What can I do to counter all the fake Facebook accounts and bots spreading fake news?
How can I make a birthday card on Facebook?
Why won't Facebook load?
How I can re-add a contact on Facebook Messenger after removing them?
How do we physically unsubscribe to all of Facebook, like forever?
Why do people still use Facebook? Why don't they try Masspal?
Why can't I connect my Facebook account to Twitter?
Would it be better for a website that promotes local events to have one Facebook page for each city or a single page for the entire business?
Is it possible to see time stamp on Messenger of someone I unfriended?
Am I able to merge two of my Facebook pages even if my account is temporarily blocked?
Can someone hack my Android phone if they know my Facebook ID?
Can someone know if I save any of their Facebook photos on my phone?
How do you remove the block list on Facebook? I don't want to unblock the users, I just don't want to see them on the list and on Facebook.
Why do people commit suicide live on Facebook?
Is it fine that I'm not checking my boyfriend's Facebook and WhatsApp?
What is the meaning of :D :V in Facebook?
How do I unsubscribe from Quora via Facebook?
Would Facebook allow a PM to work from home 1-2 days a week?
How can I remove a green dot from Facebook?
Has anyone analysed the political leanings of Facebook users?
Why am I getting phished out of my Facebook account?
How do I delete messages from Facebook forever?
What is the site that allows you to know everything you share on Facebook and generates links from our profile URL?
What are other pastimes, apart from Facebook and obviously Quora, which is on the top of my list?
How do I get rid of boost post messages on Facebook pages?
How can I see the timeline of the person who blocked me on Facebook?
How does Facebook’s people suggestions work?
How can Facebook ruin good friendships?
How can I turn on the chat notification in Google Chrome while using Facebook?
How do I estimate the costs for different Facebook ads?
Does Netflix sell your viewing data to Facebook and Instagram?
Can you get the phone number of a friend just by using the Messenger info?
How does Facebook keep track of which people have seen a post in a group?
How do I know if someone is stalking me on but anyway other than appearing in the people you may know list caus I've deleted him accidentally?
There are so many ads on Facebook. How can I get them all to stop harassing my life?
What if my wife has made a fake Facebook account to stalk someone?
What is the ad budget for Facebook?
Are there any websites where you can find some nice Facebook contest materials and ideas?
How do I login into Instagram if there is some suspicious activity on your account, you forgot your recovery email password, and Facebook doesn't work?
Can I send Facebook a photo ID to recover my Facebook account?
How do I find potential customers (for x) based on their Facebook activity?
How do you see your friend's location on Messenger with the red dot?
All of my Facebook friends are unfriending me. Why is this happening?
How do I find friends on Facebook by interest?
How do I share a Laravel 5 blog post (custom title, image, URL, and summary) on Facebook?
If a fake Facebook account has been created, what should I do?
Can we track a person's Facebook profile by copying their Facebook profile link?
What is best way to earn money with Facebook?
How can I use Facebook to make my app popular?
Facebook disabled my account. Will other users be able to see it during the verification period?
“I see the world in terms of what I would like to see happen, not what actually does.” page number in book?
How do I find a cell number on Messenger?
How can I upload pics from Google Photos to Facebook and Instagram?
How can I delete a profile from Aisle?
What do you think of Facebook's improved Marketplace?
Why have my Facebook page's net likes dropped so suddenly after I stopped using ads?
Can you see someone's activity log on Facebook?
How can I get my chat back after I deleted it from my Facebook messenger?
Why do some people purposely not use social media websites and applications like Facebook?
If I write something of my own on Facebook (which I intend to use one day in a book), is anybody else who reads it allowed to use it?
Is there any way by which I can know the person who searched me on Facebook?
If someone shares a post of mine on Facebook, should I give a like to that share?
Why do suggested friends in Facebook appear even though you and that suggested person don’t have any mutual friends?
How can I like many people on Facebook automatically?
Why does Facebook change my white image border to off-white/yellow?
How do I see if I'm on a person’s WhatsApp on Facebook?
How can I start advertising on Facebook?
When did Google, Microsoft, and Facebook get serious about machine learning?
Is there anyone selling Facebook verified pages?
How can a 2nd-year college dropout get a good job at YouTube, Facebook or Google, with only Ruby as a primary language?
If you could redesign the Facebook logo, how would it look like?
If Facebook is a building, is it one of the most complicated buildings in the world?
What does it mean when Messenger suggested a non-friend for me to make a voice call with?
Why do some messages on Facebook show the seen notification after a day when the seen time was yesterday when I sent it?
Why can people that I am not friends with on FB see what I say to my real FB friends?
What can be a solution to the fake accounts on Facebook?
On Facebook, can hidden friends still show up as "people you know?"
How do you input a devil smiley on Facebook?
If Pokémon trainers had social media (for simplicity, let's say Twitter or Facebook), what would they post?
How do I target baby products on Facebook ads?
How do websites like MensXP open so fast when clicked from their Facebook page?
How do Americans check their Facebook when they are in China?
Why is my Facebook account temporarily blocked?
What is the best text message you have ever sent/received?
What is the minimum sign on bonus for an average engineer joining Facebook?
On Facebook, how similar do page names have to be to merge pages?
Do Facebook and WhatsApp use AWS for their data backup?
Why is it best to use old pictures for our profile image?
Does Facebook have a contingency plan if its “Thumbs up” icon offends users in Bangladesh, Iran, and/or Thaïland and creates a backlash?
How do I control who can see comments made on my Facebook posts?
How do I delete a person off of Messenger?
Is it better to work as an analyst at Facebook or Amazon? What's the strongest brand in the CV?
How do I see other people’s messages on Facebook Messenger?
What can I announce on Facebook to let my friends and family know that I’m a real estate agent and would like them to hire me?
Is it possible to get someone else's messages from Facebook Messenger?
How do I add my Instagram to my FB profile?
How do I get a job at Facebook as a client solution manager in NYC?
How do I optimize my ad’s viewability?
How come I don't see any bad comment about Gurmeet Ram Rahim on any of his YouTube videos, Twitter or any other social networking site?
Why do big, well-known companies like Google and Facebook still need to do marketing?
How can I get the purple flower reaction on Facebook, if I’m from the Middle East?
I have created my own social networking app and how do I monetize it with sponsored ads like Facebook has other than using Google's AdSense?
What caused the failure of Orkut and the success of Facebook?
What’s the best Facebook video you've seen lately?
How come Facebook is syncing my contacts?
How can I get 1,000 Facebook likes for my page?
What does it that mean if a guy does not block you on WhatsApp and Facebook, but he does not respond to your message?
How do I add a free Facebook login on my Vizio TV?
Is it good to ask for your girlfriend’s Facebook account?
Facebook takes a lot of space. How is it possible to remove your Facebook content off a device?
What is the difference between optimizing for a 1-day click and a 7-day click in Facebook?
Why can't I access Facebook for Messenger apps while in Messenger since the newest update?
What is the purpose of degrees (from school, college, university and society) and education?
How can you make money from adverts on your Facebook?
Is Facebook 'like' a vanity metric?
Why won't my Messenger app work on Facebook?
Why did my Facebook Dynamic Ads Campaign stop being delivered?
What interests should I target on my Facebook ads if I am selling dog beds?
Why did Facebook need permission from the EU Antitrust Commission before acquiring WhatsApp (since both companies HQs are in the US)?
How do you unlike something that you accidentally liked on Facebook?
When someone mutes a conversation what does the other person see on Messenger?
If I change my relationship status on Facebook from into a relationship to single, will it notify the other person?
Why won't Facebook let me upload a profile video?
Facebook shows "Your account is not eligible for this process". How do I get this problem solved?
Why is my Facebook message stuck on sent?
What does Facebook do for improving performance and tuning?
How is the war between Snapchat and Facebook going to end?
I'm planning to quit Facebook, what are the good and bad consequences that will follow?
What app or tool can I use to get likes on my Facebook page or followers in my Instagram?
What is an administrative assistant interview like at Facebook?
Why can’t other websites like Facebook be made?
How can I place ads on TrueCaller through Facebook?
How can one generate leads for art products through Instagram and Facebook?
How does Mark Zuckerberg earn from Facebook everyday?
Where can I find open source code for common features in web apps, such as Facebook likes, adding friends, etc.?
How do I get off of someone’s Facebook page?
How come I cannot friend request someone on Facebook?
If you wanna host a node js website like Facebook, what hosting company will you choose?
How can I make money from Amazon by promoting its product on a Facebook page without a website?
Any tool to know your competitor’s spending behaviour on Facebook ads?
What are the best Facebook groups by subject?
How can I stop people from being able to post photos in the comments of my photos or posts on my Facebook profile page?
How can I create the next big company like Facebook, Google, Apple, with a social purpose without having adequate technical skills?
If I want someone to see 'Facebook User' in place of my name in their message history, what should I do?
Does Facebook have VIP accounts?
In Facebook ads, when you run a re-targeting campaign and a normal campaign, and a user sees both, how do you know to which your attribution goes?
Is FaceBook a web application​ or not?
Why can't I post anything on Facebook?
What should be my targeted audience (for FB Ads) for a Bollywood News website?
On Facebook, how do I stop seeing posts that say 'My friend A was tagged in a photo' on my timeline?
How is the "People You May Know" feature useful for companies like Facebook and LinkedIn? How does it bring additional revenue to those companies?
Is there a way to increase Facebook page likes or Twitter followers?
Is there any Facebook page liker that doesn't use an access token?
What is the reason behind the face filter app on Facebook? Why integrate a feature that already exists on Snapchat?
How can I send a messenger invite if I'm blocked from FB?
Why is Facebook so strict? Even if you didn’t post nude pictures, you get blocked. So unfair!
Why is WhatsApp down right now (May 4, IST)?
How do I stop Facebook videos from sticking to the left side when I scroll down?
How can I recover my Facebook account?
Which is safer for my site, Facebook login API or my own code for login/signup?
What is the best paying URL shortener service that accepts Facebook postings?
What is the temporary profile picture of Facebook?
Can I integrate Facebook to run adverts on my social network website? If yes, how?
In Facebook advertising, how do you report numbers to clients?
Why can't I message someone on my Facebook friends list?
Does Facebook/Instagram use image recognition to enrich Audience Insights and target settings on Facebook Ads Manager?
What does the medical community think about the “The truth about cancer" videos that surface twice yearly on Facebook?
Are customers more likely to purchase a product after seeing it on Facebook or Instagram?
How do I remove all the picture from my Facebook profile?
Why is Facebook's moderation so inconsistent?
How much does Facebook earn from its users' data?
Is WhatsApp more secure than Facebook?
Is Facebook's GraphQL API generated automatically?
Why can't I share my answers to my WordPress blog the same way I share them on Facebook and Twitter?
What are some ways to find people on Facebook?
How long will it take to get hired by the Big 4 (Facebook, Google, Amazon, and Microsoft) from scratch?
How do I get Graph API Facebook post insights from last month?
What is a Facebook pixel?
Why was WhatsApp valuable enough for Facebook to buy it?
What are some great Facebook banner or cover photo templates?
What experiments are run at companies like Quora, Google, Facebook, etc. to implement new product features?
When Facebook says you added someone to your account from your contacts, does that mean from your phone contacts or your Facebook contacts?
How do I transfer my contacts from Lumia 520 to my Facebook account, or Microsoft account?
If someone deletes me off Facebook Messenger, how would I know?
What time is good to spam Facebook for my app?
How many people use Facebook Messenger without a Facebook account?
Which app is used to make pamphlets or photos to post on Facebook or social media?
How can I send a request to a person if Facebook keep on showing 'send request to person you know only'?
Does Facebook automatically friend someone to your account?
How do I get my mom's Facebook account unfrozen?
Does Facebook Password Sniper work?
What happens if I change the text of a private event on Facebook? Does everyone invited see the change?
How can I promote my page on Facebook without being charged?
Which app can be included as social media, except Facebook, WhatsApp, Twitter, Instagram, Hike, Snapchat, Google+, and WeChat?
How do I retrieve my Facebook friend list?
What is your most efficient Facebook ad?
Did Facebook abuse the word "friends"?
Why the hell I have to enter Facebook every time to reach or make a question? Isn't once just enough?
On my friend’s friend list, the number of friend’s is 90, but I can only see my profile. Restricted mode would not give a number. Why?
In Swift, how can I match two users randomly who have logged onto my app through Facebook?
How can I best use Facebook ads to market my art?
How can one increase their number of Facebook likes?
Why am I getting irritated by Facebook?
Can your last active time appear, even when you are blocked on Facebook Messenger?
Why did Mark Zuckerberg choose PHP to make Facebook?
What if I time travel and come back to earth after 50 years, will I able to see my Facebook updates?
How do you avoid the feeling of uselessness when spending too much time on Facebook?
Can I post on Facebook and let just friends who speak a specific language see my post?
Can I get money from a Facebook page?
When we search for someone on FB, what does “user” mean when it comes with the searched name?
What is someone doing when Messenger shows “active now”?
Can friends of friends add you as a friend without agreeing to it?
Is it good to provide prices when selling items on Facebook or not?
How can Facebook Live improve to prevent shocking live streams?
How do I increase the number of visitors and followers of my new Facebook pages, in order to achieve success?
How do reactivate my account with 1freehosting?
Can we find out how long a particular person has been a part of a Facebook group even if he or she is not on your friends list?
You may have heard about the ban on social media in Kashmir Valley. Is there any way of using any social media sites?
Why does Facebook and other websites remember old passwords?
Can nickname-based, open chat rooms have the same virality as real-world relationships based social networks like Facebook?
I have an author page at Amit Ahlawat. I keep my audience updated on it, however the page shows very low levels of audience engagement. How can I improve?
How can I see who shared my profile picture on Facebook?
How do we grow our first 10K subscribers in YouTube, Facebook page, and Twitter effectively?
How can you find a Facebook friend by using his or her ID number?
Why doesn't Twitter implement "Live Video" feature like Facebook?
Can you trust the website emailsupport-Australia.com to provide assistance with Facebook etc.?
Is there a way I can rank people I am not friends with on Facebook by how many of my "good friends" they are friends with by using API?
If I do not log out from FB then will I remain online always to other people?
How are the file and folder structures at Facebook and Google?
What are the top 100 Facebook pages?
The Facebook social login API was having issues earlier. Is the social login for Facebook and/or Google working now for e-commerce sites?
How can you make a wink symbol on Facebook?
Which service is a part of Google, Facebook, YouTube or Twitter?
What is next after Google, Facebook and Amazon?
Is it possible to increase fake likes for a Facebook post?
Do people get promoted easily at Facebook? On average, how long does it take to move from one career level to the next?
How can you trace a Facebook hack?
How can I find out if my boyfriend is having secret conversations on Messenger, using his login information?
Why does my CPM fluctuate so much on Facebook Ads?
What kind of information can I get from a Facebook user’s friends?
Is there a football Facebook page or Android app that informs you of completed transfers?
Why doesn’t Mark Zuckerberg write on Quora?
What is the good post for Facebook?
How do I automatically add many friends on Facebook?
How large an audience should I use when running test ads on Facebook?
Does Facebook really give money to these people?
How can I find out my friend’s Facebook password without her knowing?
Is it possible to log in to Messenger Lite without a Facebook account?
Does my Instagram activity show up on Facebook?
Why doesn't Facebook Messenger send email notifications anymore?
If I re-upload a video on Facebook and tag the source, would that consider as a copyright issue?
If my free email ID is older than my Facebook page, will it impact my Facebook page’s visibility? “Older” meaning “before Facebook was founded.”
How can I copy my FB page link?
Will a green dot appear next to a friend’s name if they aren't active on Messenger?
Do narcissts see their friends as "friends" or as competitors?
If someone deletes their Facebook profile and Messenger, do they show up in Messenger?
How do I find out when a Facebook account was made?
Should I send a friend request to my former teacher on Facebook?
Is there anyone who can share the names of big bloggers who specialize in Facebook marketing and Facebook ads in the U.S.?
Why can't I post a profile picture and a cover picture on my business page? Even when I hover over the images, it doesn't give me an option to upload.
What type of brain technology is used by Facebook?
Is it possible to make people complete forms on Facebook?
What is the benchmark for Facebook and Instagram engagement for 2016?
How can I verify my Facebook profile with a blue badge?
Can someone who has access to my Facebook password and telephone number check my account?
Facebook page boost amount?
What's next after Facebook and twitter?
Are my Facebook friends able to see my Facebook pages?
What does a gray dot next to a friend’s name on Messenger mean?
What will happen if you like every single post on your Facebook feed every single day?
If you could show just one page of your daily diary from your entire life to your love, which page would it be?
Why do you have to wait 48 hours to unblock someone on Facebook?
What kind of FB page shall I make?
How can I log into my Gmail account that’s associated with my Facebook account?
When you upload an email list on the "suggest page" option on a Facebook page, do the contacts get a notification to view the page?
Why do people on Facebook hate Twilight and Justin Bieber so much?
In which platform were apps like Facebook, Snapchat, and WhatsApp made? I want to make a million dollar app and my idea is also new. Can I do that?
I want to be able to autopublish on Twitter and Instagram when I post on Facebook. Is there a way?
Are some girls who are tired of FB and Instagram, now using Quora just to share their pictures? They can skip those stupid questions but they don't. Why?
In which cases would you recommend Twitter ads VS Facebook ads?
What is the use of living?
How do I find out the email address associated with a Facebook account?
Why do companies like Facebook need and have so many workers?
What tools do you use to measure online interactions (on Facebook groups for instance)?
How do I set a manual daily budget in Facebook Ad Manager?
What would happen if Zuckerberg decided to shut Facebook down tomorrow?
Why can’t I see the number of likes on a comment on Facebook?
How can I Download Video from Facebook to iPhone?
How can one make sure that his/her comments are only visible to the initiator of the post?
Does a delivered message on Messenger mean that it's been read if you click on it and you only see icons with faces?
How should I stop people from posting unflattering pictures of me on Facebook?
How do you use Adwords to promote a Facebook group?
If I want to establish a Facebook page for homemade food any ideas of what should I name it And names for natural beauty products also?
How do I login to my Facebook account if I have lost access to the phone number to which the two factor authentication code will be sent?
What would have happened if you would have founded Facebook and not Wikipedia?
Is there any app on Android to change the voice on a Facebook messenger call?
How can someone make from Facebook?
Can I send an application using Facebook Messenger?
Has anyone made a friendship on Facebook and eventually gotten laid sooner in Mumbai?
How can Facebook be harmful while studying?
How can I apply an “I Love Mom” filter picture on Facebook?
How do I make YouTube views increase with Facebook?
Why is Facebook all of a sudden filled with video's is it losing its charm?
How can I make 5000 Facebook friends in an instant?
How can I stream a pre-recorded video via Android Facebook live?
Why is Facebook not showing me how long my friend has not been active?
Is there anyone who can help teach me English for free, just on WhatsApp or Facebook?
How do I earn via Facebook and Instagram pages?
I'm an admin on a Facebook page. How do I "like" a comment on my page posts as that page?
Is it safe to link Facebook with instaGC?
Can I add her on Facebook without asking?
How can I change my connection to Quora from a Facebook account to a Google account?
How do we get Facebook Ads insights with an hourly breakdown?
How do I view the older Facebook settings?
I know how to remove a trending topic on Facebook, but how do I get it back?
How can you tell if someone deleted Facebook app?
Do you think Google and Facebook have to take responsibility for Fake News?
Why does the Messenger icon show blue even when it says the person is unavailable for calling?
Is it possible to retrieve Facebook “secret conversations” encrypted messages from a person’s own mobile after deleting them?
How can someone get fast likes on Facebook?
Where I can get the FB and Google authentication code?
What are some of the epic FB posts?
Does Facebook have a special appeal to women?
What social activities are most likely to reduce your IQ?
How can I contact Facebook or YouTube for a business offer? Is it possible at all for a startup? Thanks ahead.
How can I collect posts from public Facebook pages related to a specific topic?
Is Quora better than Facebook for sharing knowledge?
Is it possible to hide "active k minutes ago" on Facebook Messenger?
Does Messenger tell you if your message request to a non-Facebook friend has been ignored? Answer with proper English, not fresh from Albania.
Social networks such as Facebook use profiles to store information about their users. How do I create a simple database to store these user's profiles?
Does Facebook use Node.js at all?
How do companies such as Google & Facebook hire for non-tech roles? Do they only work on referrals? Or is there something else which I am missing out?
What if India bans Facebook, LinkedIn, Google and Quora?
How can you play Bubble Safari on Facebook?
What audience interest should I use to get my plus-size boutique seen by plus-size women on Facebook?
What would happen if someone tag a person on a video I shared only with selected people on Facebook?
How can I search my friends on Facebook?
How do I get Facebook to take down my father's fake profile on Facebook? It was created by somebody else, and we are unable to get the password.
Why are my Facebook page posts not going to Twitter?
My ex hasn't deleted our pics from her Facebook, however she gets mad if I remove them from mine. What does this mean?
What can I do about a fake Facebook account?
What is the best way to target the public that is interested in an e-commerce site through Facebook ads?
How do I verify celebrity Facebook accounts?
How do I curb my Facebook addiction?
Is Facebook going to make Facebook Marketplace a standalone app?
What are the new upcoming features of Facebook revealed by Mark Zuckerberg at F8 2017?
Would you like to delete your Facebook account before your death?
How do websites like Quora or Facebook handle so much user requests?
If I bought one share of Facebook, would that share involve interest or are there different types of shares that can be invested in?
What do you do when you get bored and don’t want to wast your time on Facebook, Instagram, Quora, etc.?
What are some funny comparisons between Quora and Facebook?
Your partner deletes texts and hides specific things on their Facebook timeline. Would you consider this deceptive behavior?
How can I get a huge amount of website traffic from Facebook?
Can somebody read my Facebook messenger posts?
Should Facebook, Google and others be banned?
Why are my Facebook friends still friends with my abuser?
How many likes do I have to have on Facebook to make money?
What is the best way of figuring out the most commonly used words in a certain Facebook group or page?
How can I reach Jared Morgenstern?
Can I get million likes on my Facebook page?
How do I post old photos to Facebook and Instagram stories?
I messaged non-friends on Facebook and it's been sent but not delivered, how do I get them delivered?
Is it possible to fetch other users data from Tumblr using R?
Why is Facebook not attacking and cloning musical.ly like Snapchat in the US?
What does the ‘now’ mean under the person’s name in the Facebook messenger?
How do I get inorganic likes on Facebook?
Does Facebook have new rules about posting links to pages?
Is your Facebook cover image mobile friendly?
What are your personal reasons that you don't link your Facebook profile to Quora? That's if this applies to you.
How sustainable is Facebook's business model?
What is the most trending technology common in Google, Facebook, Microsoft, etc.?
How do I allow applications local admin rights using a group policy without giving user admin rights to the whole machine?
Apparently, Facebook can't stand the sight of Snapchat. Why aren't their (failing) cloning efforts frowned upon? It almost seems like Facebook is being saluted.
How can I recover my old Facebook account without Gmail or mobile number and forgotten my password?
How do you add a poll in a Facebook group chat?
Can anyone post pictures of me on social media without my consent?
How do you deal with a fake and envious friend? You just hate seeing their Facebook posts. Is blocking or unfriending​ a great idea?
What would happen to all of the accounts of Facebook users in the current generation after, say, 60 years after all of us would have passed away?
What is Facebook Pixel, conversions and micro conversions?
How do I recover my Facebook password with the normal procedure since I lost the SIM card of telephone?
What will happen if I stop using social apps like WhatsApp, Facebook, Messenger, etc.?
How can I find someone on Facebook from 8 Ball Pool?
How do I link the birth dates of my friends on Facebook to my iPhone?
How can I delete messages I sent to someone on Facebook in both conversations?
Is there any software or process to increase likes on a Facebook post?
How common is it for people to fall in love with someone after reading their entire Facebook Timeline?
How do I advertise on Instagram and Facebook simultaneously when the accounts are already linked?
Can you share your picture here? Do you use another social networking sites like Instagram, Facebook, etc?
Can I trace my laptop without knowing its Mac address, by using the Wi-Fi previous record, an email sent from that, or a Facebook account?
When we comment on posts which come on Facebook, can all people see this?
How can we add members in a group?
What are the Indian (indigenous) options of Facebook, WhatsApp, Quora, Google in India, as the Chinese already have developed their own?
Why don’t Facebook Messenger and WhatsApp use WebSocket?
How does Facebook choose who shows up in the chat sidebar? What does the green light mean?
How much do photo sharing apps like Instagram, Snapchat, Facebook compress images?
If a famous person lets you send them a PM on Facebook, does that mean that they like you?
How do I know who to unban in a Facebook page?
What would you do if your invisible friend vanished?
What is your opinion of Facebook addiction among Indians?
Who did Tenisha Jackson chat with the most on Facebook?
What is the revenue model for Facebook games?
What is the perfect budget strategy for Facebook ads if I'm doing dropshipping?
Is there any tutorial on how to monetize my 100k organic followers on a Facebook page with my blog?
What are some good chat sites like Facebook?
Can I link more than one Facebook account to one Instagram account?
Why was the Note feature in Facebook scrapped?
Is it legal to share other people's public shared Facebook pictures on my Facebook page?
How do I get a job with Google or Facebook if I am from India?
How do I stream Facebook data using Apache spark?
Is there any plugin to video block from Facebook apart from its default settings?
What does it mean on Facebook Messenger when the status says active a minute or x minutes ago but the green icon is off?
What are the monthly incomes of the owners of Facebook and Google?
What major announcements did Facebook make at the F8 in 2017?
Wouldn't Facebook have strong advantages if they entered into competition against Uber, Thankeyou and Airbnb?
What are the details of advertising on Facebook?
What are other sites you can start a group on besides Facebook?
How can I advertise my Facebook page free of cost on Facebook?
How can (and should) I tell my friend to stop oversharing on Facebook?
Is it also possible to create Facebook ads for Australia being located in Germany?
Why does Facebook keep asking for documents, when I already submitted documents 2 times?
How can I know the true identity of a person on Facebook?
How can I disable Facebook's appointment feature?
Which are the most interesting closed groups on Facebook concerning productivity and self-improvement?
Can we find the amount of sales that are generated every day in the advert manager on Facebook?
What programming software was used to create Facebook Messenger, Snapchat and WhatsApp?
Can you stop a user from knowing that you checked his or her profile on Badoo?
Is Sanjeev Bhatt’s Facebook account fake?
What is the future of messaging apps in providing customer service (WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, vChat)?
Does Facebook keep a permanent record of their user's entire Activity Log, even once the users delete their activity/search history?
Should Facebook consider Quora a future threat? I believe Quora has the potential to make FB irrelevant.
People are using Twitter and Facebook where their freedom of expression has been removed and people are stacked in little groups with the same opinions. Why?
How can I close my Facebook account?
Is it possible to create a plugin for Facebook that automatically modifies the call-to-action button (e.g. Shop Now) on someone else’s Facebook page?
I cursed a girl I know out on Facebook Messenger. She didn't reply, but she didn't delete me or unfriend me. What does this mean?
Why don’t the top programmers and engineers working at Facebook and Google make their own app or something new so that they can replace these companies?
What is the highest number of shares any of your Facebook posts has ever achieved?
Can I translate any article at any website and publish it on my website or Facebook ?
How do I block Facebook and LinkedIn notifications in Gmail?
People seem friendlier on Instagram than on Facebook. What role does UI design play in that?
A friend of mine on Facebook recently added 4 people but I can only see 3, is there a way to find out who this is?
How did Mark Zuckerberg draw the line of friendship and business with his first 50 employees?
Why did Facebook change the UI for changing profile pictures?
How do I remove a bad photo of myself from Facebook that someone else posted?
When someone blocks you on Facebook, how long does it last before it gets lifted?
How many friends do you have on Facebook and how many of them are your close friends?
Whether they speak about spirituality, entrepreneurship, health or investing, who are your favorite people to follow on Facebook?
Do you know any Facebook accounts of the top Clash Royale players?
If Facebook, Snapchat, or one of the other big social media websites went out of business, what would happen to all of the data they've collected?
Can I see who is visiting my FB page?
How do I make the Twitter account @dopeandnerds famous?
How do I prevent my Facebook fan page from being unpublished?
She always responds to my WhatsApp messages, but not to my Facebook messages. She is always online on Facebook. Should I leave her?
How can I delete photos and shared content in Messenger?
What needs to be done to keep Quora from being hijacked by political vested interests like Facebook?
Where can I buy sparklers (fireworks) online in India with COD facility (could be any site, Facebook page, Instagram account, etc.)?
What would you do to a friend on Facebook who's ​been talking bad about you behind your back and being envious? Block him, or leave him in your friends list?
How do I remove the annoying bar of Direct/Your Story from showing up at the top of my news feed on Facebook?
Why can't I see all persons who reacted to my FB photo?
Where I can get Facebook and Google+ authentication codes?
What policies/restrictions exist around paying people to post to their Facebook, Instagram and Twitter timelines?
What offerings does Facebook have for real estate agents to advertise? How effective is it?
Where can I find someone to help me get my hacked Facebook ID back? I don’t even know the email.
Is there any way to get a wider newsfeed on mbasic.facebook.com?
Can I use my Quora address on Facebook?
Will blocking someone's phone block them through Facebook?
What if you are in love with your Facebook friend?
How do I recover deleted Facebook photos?
In Facebook API, is there a way to get a mentioned/tagged person in a post or comment?
How can I get data from a Facebook individual’s profile?
Why is it that a man thinks it's ok to have photos and videos open on all sites and thinks he needs over a thousand friends on Facebook?
How can Quora be useful in JEE preparations with creating an extreme contrast to Facebook?
Is there any way to detect visitors viewing our Facebook profiles?
How do I use Facebook app without risking my privacy?
How am I able to change the event photo on Facebook?
Suppose xyz is a social networking site that will replace Facebook. What features will you expect from xyz?
Is there any automated way to reply on Facebook comments?
What if Facebook suddenly disappears?
Is replying on Twitter like commenting on a post on Facebook? If so, is it publicly posted?
How can I find Personal Ads on Facebook?
Facebook updates its Android and iOS application without an update from the App Store or Play Store. How is this possible? Is it a hybrid-using web?
Why is everyone so obsessed with Mark Zuckerberg?
A family member sent me a friend request on Facebook, should I add them?
How do I target a Facebook ad for selling LulaRoe?
What would've been better for Snapchat's founders, an IPO or taking the $ 3 billion dollar offer from Facebook?
People usually comment score when I become friends with someone on Facebook, what does their comment actually mean?
Where can I see video from the breakout sessions at Facebook f8 conference?
My Facebook profile isn't going public even though my settings are all set to everyone. Is there a way to force it to go public?
How can I fix a problem creating events on a Facebook business page?
Why I cannot send a second friend request to someone in Facebook?
In this age of WhatsApp forwards, which digital media or Facebook pages can we turn to for credible news and journalism?
Why is my Facebook sidebar so rectangular? In the chat avatars. For my family member all their Facebook sidebar are circles in the avatars?
How can I stop the frequent blocking of my Facebook account?
How much money does Facebook take away from India?
How can I share my responses without seeing other replies?
When you share a post with friends on Facebook, can other people see it?
How do I stop friends from seeing my comments/likes on other pages?
What is your opinion about Ravindra Babu Ravula going live on Facebook and discussing with students on general matters?
Should I start up a sales website or do I create a Facebook page and sell the product there, mainly to save cost?
How can I add a link to my "Send to Mobile" button in Gameroom?
How do I target parents who have children with upcoming birthdays on Facebook ads?
How do I make the Facebook comment box display on Blogger mobile view?
How do I change my Facebook address?
Where can I post my Facebook page so that everyone can see it and like it?
How does someone react when their Facebook account is hacked?
How can I retrieve a deactivated account of an old friend who I want to get in touch with?
How do you hide your feed from other people on Instagram?
How do I use Facebook Messenger Ads for business?
How do online portals like Amazon and Facebook get people's money in their pockets technically?
Why doesn't Facebook Messenger say the dates of when someone reads your messages?
How come a comment notification appears in your email and YouTube notifications box but doesn’t appear in the comments section of a video?
How do I update my profile picture and name on messenger?
How do you get a job in Facebook Engineering?
Do you have to have Facebook to use Messenger?
Are there examples of Facebook fan page headings?
How do I find someone's Facebook account using a picture?
How can I know about Facebook audience targeting?
How do I make a social networking site like Facebook without sufficient knowledge of software?
Is there anyway to bypass users on my app needing to click "send invite" to a friend on Facebook?
How much time does Facebook take in reviewing an additional document?
Is there a way to see all of my Facebook actions since day 1?
How much money should I invest per day in Facebook ads to promote a product if I'm doing dropshipping?
Is it possible to get a notification when someone activates their account on Facebook?
What does it mean if my Messenger message was sent but not delivered?
What is the difference between inFeedo and Facebook Workplace? Are they competitors of each other?
What Facebook groups is the best for business owners?
If I confirm a relationship request on Facebook, will it show on everyone's feed?
Why does Facebook update your account whenever they want to?
What makes you stay away from Facebook?
I created a Facebook account when I was 11 years old, but now I'm 15 years old. Would it be a good idea to change the year I was born from 1992 to 2002?
Does Facebook scan peoples brains?
Can we read someone's Facebook messages?
When running a Facebook ad campaign, how do I estimate the cost per impression, before launching?
How can I make a Facebook survey?
My Facebook ID security check code was sent to my old phone number, and it won't let me select a different one. How do I change it?
Can I send messages to more than one person at a time on Facebook? What happens when I do so?
Can I view all of a specific Tumblr account’s posts, comments, replies, and likes?
How can I send more than 500 people an event invite on Facebook?
Does Facebook always know if a person is parent or it can miss a good percent of times - asking this from Facebook advertising perspective?
How often is the code refactored at Facebook/WhatsApp/Instagram?
I sent my teacher a Facebook friend request and she hasn't accepted it or rejected it. What does this mean?
Is Quora becoming the next Facebook, where people do stupid things?
What kinds of apps and software do Facebook and Microsoft buy?
Is there a way to automatically remove all tags of someone on my Facebook page? I have deleted all 'couple' photos of my ex and I don’t need to block.
How do you tag multiple people/groups on Facebook?
How do you know if you have posted an inappropriate status to Facebook?
Does Facebook measure the reading time on a location of a feed?
Is Quora's 'upvote' an equivalent to Facebook's 'like '?
Is Quora addictive like Facebook and other social sites?
How's Instagram different from Facebook if it just enables us to upload photos and videos what we can always do on Facebook?
Is Facebook’s marketing unreliable?
Do you prefer your friends on Facebook share photos or short videos of their vacations?
How does Facebook Code Generator feature works?
How can I get notifications about a person of what he posts or what his friends post on his timeline who is not in my friend list in Facebook?
What does it mean if you added a person on Messenger?
How do I make a page on Facebook where I can sell handicrafts?
How do I put my videos on Facebook to Flipagram?
Are there any groups on Tumble, like the Facebook groups?
Why do some people replace “a” with “v” in Facebook posts and Messenger conversations ?
Is there a way of viewing content from a Facebook group without a Facebook account (such as a shareable link like on Google)?
Does Facebook affect students?
Are ads available on Facebook Free Basics?
How much do we need to spend on Facebook or Instagram advertising (hypothetical number)?
How can I see when I was last logged in on my PicsArt account?
Do you know of any social network that uses common interests and algorithms to suggest friends, instead of being based on common friends?
Each time you message a non-friend on Facebook Messenger, do they have to accept your request for each message you send?
How do I check which Facebook friend requests I've declined?
What would Facebook look like if it didn't depend on our confirmation bias?
How do I find the email ID of an unknown Facebook user?
How can I return to my old Facebook password after changing it?
How can I see who looked at my Facebook profile?
What is the best way to market a Facebook shop and extend its reach?
How do I get Facebook's API for my app?
Why doesn't Facebook buy Snapchat?
What is Facebook magazine? What is the way to build a Facebook magazine using digital marketing services?
Why does it beep before it rings when I call someone on Messenger?
Why do people on Quora blame social networking sites like Facebook, WhatsApp, etc.?
How is it to be at Facebook, Google, Microsoft, or Apple as an intern?
What's the realest thing someone has ever said to you?
How do I get more visitors to my blog from social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.?
Which has more impact on daily life: Facebook or Quora?
What happens if Facebook asks for my ID proof, and I never give it to them?
What does the flower smiley in Facebook denote?
What will you miss if you don't open Facebook and Instagram for a year?
How do I invite someone to Messenger who is not on Facebook?
What's the difference between Facebook and YouTube in terms of their ad releasing strategy?
What reason is there for someone disappearing from my “people you may know” list on Facebook after a period of time? I didn’t remove him.
How can one figure out the true identity of a person on Facebook?
Is there any way that I can see a list of people on Quora, like those on Facebook?
What’s the website where you can put your Facebook ID URL and it automatically generates all the links to show what you’ve shared publicly?
Can I view nude Facebook pics that were removed?
Is it possible for a startup to catch up to Google/Facebook in AI?
How can I change my profile pic on Messenger now that I have removed Facebook?
How can I get that blue tick on my official fb page?
I accidentally pressed the ‘limit old posts’ feature on Facebook and I want to get rid of that. Is there any option available?
How do you make money on a Facebook page?
Why doesn't Facebook or Google provide free Internet to poor people?
Is there a secondhand selling/sharing group (Facebook group/community/store) in Halle, Brabant, Belgium?
Which strategies can be used to make people like a brand's Facebook page during an event organized by that brand?
Which is the best website to buy Facebook Likes cheap?
What is your opinion on the Facebook group, Offensive Humour 2.0?
How do I read back a comment from a page if the owner deleted my comment on Facebook?
Is it liberating to run a Facebook account with no friends, letting anyone comment on your public posts?
What is the meaning of the Facebook reaction having a purple flower?
How do you get un-shadowbanned from Instagram?
Will you feel jealous if your boyfriend gives love reacts on Facebook to photos of other women?
Can there be a Facebook app that can read conversations and send them back to app owner?
Its is safe to convert my personal Facebook account in to a business page?
How can I recover a Facebook account if I have forgotten my password as well as the email address and the phone number linked to it?
How many people are using the Facebook Stories feature?
How much should I charge a month to manage an Instagram and Facebook for a car dealership? I will report analytics, create original content, and run sponsored ads on both platforms.
Can I use Presto on Facebook to retrieve public posts from a specific city?
How can I be successful with my Facebook art page without spending too much time and money?
Roman Saini's Facebook page is not yet a verified account by Facebook. Why?
A friend posted to my timeline. Can I see the audience they selected?
Why do certain websites like Poshmark or Facebook have continuous feed pages? I don't like continuous feeds and I will not go to any site that does it.
How can I access Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and all the other blocked sites in China?
How can I hack someone by sending a message through Facebook?
Why can't Quora ever surpass FB or WhatsApp in popularity?
How do I bring down Facebook ads cost?
Is the Facebook automation tool www.fbmarketingautomation.com any good?
During Facebook’s startup, did Mark Zuckerberg write all the code in one language, or did he know most of the languages at that time which are being used, today?
Can you use replies from your Facebook posts in a printed media without any intellectual property issues?
What are some of the functionalities that social media apps like Snapchat, Facebook, WhatsApp, YouTube, Pinterest, and Instagram lack? What are social media apps going to look like in the next five years?
Can anybody help? My Facebook account was hacked.
How can I change my Facebook relationship status without notifying everyone?
Is Facebook going to add a theme feature, a set background color or an image option for the mobile app or is there anyway one can do it using APKs?
How can one apply data science to Facebook ads?
How did Zuckerberg made money after making Facebook?
Shouldn't we consider Google, Facebook, Amazon, and other big companies as monopolies, and slash them?
How do you link Facebook accounts?
How do I turn off Chrome desktop notifications for Facebook Messenger but not Facebook?
Is there a way to find abandoned Facebook pages?
How can I log into my Facebook account without a password? It is linked to my Yahoo ID which I can no longer access?
How do I write a farewell message for college, which I would like to post on Facebook? The message should not be too emotional and a little funny.
Do they have Facebook in North Korea? Because sometimes when I go to Facebook live map, I find some 1 or 2 lives broadcasting from there.
How can I find a contact number on Messenger?
How can I share a Facebook post to Twitter?
What should I write in an open letter to Fb Sister?
On Facebook, does a friend's post suddenly appearing on your feed (when it usually doesn't) mean that they've been looking at your content?
What are the best social media platforms for insurance?
Should I promote my YouTube channel or Facebook page (related to my business) first, or enrich the page/channel content first, then start to promote?
What's the weirdest thing you've seen on your Facebook feed?
How I can check who has shared my photo post on Facebook?
What type of post (picture, link, event, mention, shares, etc.) on your Facebook business page do you find receives the most engagement with your target audience?
How do I count a company's Facebook post?
Can you get old Facebook messenger messages recovered somehow?
Why is my deactivated Facebook account still visible to the public and on my old friends’ 'friends lists'?
Which is the best platform/CMS for creating a social network website just like Facebook?
What do you think about AIB's post on FB about Quora?
What results are required in order to get followers on Facebook?
How can I edit my cover photo on Facebook?
What are some of the best meme pages in Facebook and Instagram?
Why are people still on Facebook?
Is there a Facebook messenger alternative for windows phone?
Why does Facebook offer its 'Year in Review' and 'Look Back' videos?
Why is my deactivated account still visible in my old Friends lists?
How I can log in Facebook without log in approval?
Facebook is showing me advertisements for items I searched on Amazon. How is Facebook doing this?
How do I add to the Book section at the left side of my Facebook profile page?
How do I know who view my photos on Facebook?
Is it possible for the time/date of a message (not a stat) on Facebook to bed falsified (i.e., made earlier)?
Who is the person(s) or company behind the Tasty cooking videos you often see on Facebook?
If you decline a message request on Facebook Messenger, can that person send you another message request?
How can I retrieve all my chats that I have deleted from Facebook?
Who according to you is the most unbiased and intelligent Facebook page admin?
Why do couples say that they love each other on Facebook three times a week? Is Facebook the center of the universe?
How do I get a Facebook notification of non-friend people?
How do I know if people have checked my FB profile?
Which is the best work app to work with my team: Facebook Workplace or Slack?
My custom show\hide button defaults to show on page refresh, how do I stop that?
Why does Facebook tell me that I have 4 new views when I cannot even see who viewed my profile and what do I do with these notifications?
How do you hide what pictures you liked when someone searches for them on Facebook?
How can I know if a post of a Facebook page is an ad or not?
How do I see the profile picture of my friend who has blocked me?
Is there a way to permanently delete the Messenger app and message through Facebook only?
How do I block someone I am already blocked from on Facebook?
Can I log into Facebook using Instagram?
There’s a Facebook name that I need for my page, but someone already has it. Their page was last used in 2010. Is there a way I can get that username?
People say there are many flaws in Facebook. They are saying you can get thousands of followers just like a celebrity in a few days. Is this true?
How can I add all my friends to my closed face-book group without getting blocked?
How do I switch from privacy to public on a Facebook app?
What are the disadvantages of making Facebook account?
Who handles Prabhas' Facebook account?
How can I find the person who hacked my Facebook account?
How can one copyright the writings in one's Facebook page?
How can I make more people join Facebook groups?
How do people make money through Facebook pages under the entertainment category?
Is it possible to run a JavaScript code snippet on my Facebook profile to check if someone's snooping?
How do you deactivate mutual friends on Facebook?
What are some more tricks on Facebook?
Can I view my messages on Messenger.com if I have subscribed with my phone number (without a Facebook account)?
Which are the informative apps that I can use instead of wasting my time on FB, Insta or WhatsApp?
Will big companies like Facebook, Google and Rockstar accept me as a programmer without degree?
What are the names of websites to be used instead of wasting my time on Facebook?
What attribution tools give you insights into your Google and Facebook campaigns beyond what the platforms do by themselves?
How do I upload a video to make it autoplay in my Facebook timeline and Facebook page?
Does the Facebook app save your history?
Why does Facebook update its APK every other day?
What should I write on my Facebook wall to tell people that I am leaving Pune due to a transfer?
How do I find out who was the creater of a deleted page or profile?
What are the ways to get a Facebook friend's (a girl) phone number?
Can you track someone's IP from a comment he posted on Facebook?
How much would you have to spend to boost a post on FB to 1 million people?
Which font did Facebook use for their F8 2017 keynote?
What are the preferences for group posts?
Is it possible to ban plastic use completely in India? If so, how can we, as laymen, help to promote these ideas among the public, apart from using Facebook or any other social media?
How do you find videos on Facebook?
How do I get someone’s contact info on Messenger?
Why isn't my university updating my merit page?
What is the right Facebook experience for your age?
Why don’t my social apps, Facebook, and WhatsApp remain connected to the internet? Every time I have to turn the mobile data off and then on to get notifications.
How can I know the exact location of a person who sent a message from the general Facebook website using mobile?
Do you know any pages on Facebook for crazy commercial ideas?
Are there students who used to waste their time on Facebook and then stopped?
I followed a person accidentally and then unfollowed them on Facebook. Will they receive a notification​?
How do I create Facebook notification using web worker?
How can I apply for Facebook’s new 3000 live-streaming monitoring jobs?
Does Facebook use metadata-driven development?
What data does Facebook SDK collect from app users?
How and on what basis do people get their Twitter/Facebook/Instagram accounts verified?
What is an appropriate line for a best friend who can’t be a Facebook friend?
How can I find people who have English content and they need a French translation, using Facebook groups?
How can I get more relevant and active followers for my Facebook page?
What are your favorite solutions to some of the biggest problems in the world?
How do I take a cool Facebook profile picture?
How can I see a friend’s active log?
How do I make FB accounts?
Is there an actual app or easy way I can monitor my spouse’s Facebook and email activity, besides leaving a long ad to hire some super hacker?
Did Mark Zuckerberg revolutionize artificial intelligence by creating Jarvis?
What is the best online tool for building a viable, engaging business network? LinkedIn? Facebook? Other?
What kind of data can I get from a Facebook user’s friends list after they log in using Facebook?
How do I create a catchy page for selling jewellery via FaceBook?
How can Facebook know if I scraped my custom audience mail list (Gmail, Hotmail etc.)?
What type of copyright issues can I expect if I’m creating a TV series page on Facebook?
How can we know when a person logs into Facebook?
How can I get Facebook to send me a new password for my ten-minute mail?
How can I see my boyfriend’s messages to other women on Facebook?
How do companies like Facebook, Google, and Microsoft hire employees?
How do I install Facebook CTF on Linux?
What is the procedure for getting the original information of a person from his fake Facebook account?
Is there any way to see older passwords list in Facebook?
What is the best way to have Many folowers on Facebook group?
How does Google/Facebook test their products? What are their automation testing strategies?
How can I read my partner's Facebook Messenger without having his phone?
How can I gain access to my Gmail and Facebook accounts? I don't have the same phone or number or the passwords associated with my accounts.
Have you liked a picture on Facebook/Instagram just for the sake of liking it?
Should we block people on Facebook whom we don't agree with? Under what circumstances should we block and under which should we not?
Why don't Indian women share pictures of their husbands on Facebook, and why do they never mention whom they're married to?
How can I block my Facebook page post from a specific person?
How important are software patents to a new Facebook or Google?
Can a person have more than one Facebook account?
How can I see the posts of a closed group and what they posted?
Can you post something that's not live on Facebook live?
Can you delete a group on Facebook?
Is there any real hacking of Facebook?
How do I delete all my Facebook posts at once? I am using an Android/Windows PC.
How can I find out who's looking at my Facebook profile that's not on my friend?
How can I automatically post on Facebook?
How do police track a deleted Facebook account's user IP address that was deleted 3 months ago?
What is the term for Mark Zuckerberg who is not money worshipper in all of his vocation?
How do I operate a Facebook fan page globally?
Will Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, etc. still be around in 50 years?
How do I change my Google Now feed so that it shows me local cards?
Why doesn't Facebook bring back the security feature of login approvals?
How do I allow people to subscribe to my email list using their Facebook account?
Who are the 10 best Facebook bloggers on weight loss?
Why does wowcrush.com not open in a tab, but it works while entering it in the comment box in Facebook?
Is there any tool to monitor relation status changes on Facebook?
What are the benefits of creating a Facebook page?
How can I monetize a Facebook group with more than 340K members?
Why do I sometimes get texted random Facebook password reset code messages?
Soon Facebook will die, as Mark Zuckerberg predicted the smartphone will die. The question is when?
Which is the best Facebook group on startup hiring?
Will Facebook be regulated? What would regulation look like?
Is there any feature on insta which enables people to accept requests of other users automatically?
How do I set up a new Facebook account with a different name and email?
Are affiliate links accepted for paid ads on Facebook, Google or other search engines?
Does the blue tick on Genelia D’Souza on Facebook indicate that it’s her who uses this account? Will she read my messages, or someone else will?
A page on Facebook stole one of my answers on Quora and posted it as their own. What can I do?
How could we fetch conversations from a deactivated account on Facebook?
Where do I find a Facebook strategist and a Facebook consumer acquisition specialist who can be results paid?
If nearby friends say 1mn, does that mean they were on Facebook a minute ago?
What is Facebook Audience Network?
What do you think regarding the meme culture that is becoming more and more prevalent in Facebook (and internet in general)?
How do I tag friends on Facebook on Android?
How do I promote a URL shortening website via AdWords, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.?
Whenever I mention someone in a Facebook comment, it is visible to everyone. How can I avoid that?
How can we see someone’s Facebook profile if they have blocked us?
What does this means, “This advert format is not currently supported in the desktop news feed”?
A kid asked my girlfriend for nudes on Facebook. He has a girlfriend, but kept asking for it. We found his mom on Facebook. Should we tell her?
Where can I find the Facebook page verification form?
One of my questions is not on my questions list but can be found on a Quora search with my name credited. What happened?
Can I sue Facebook for asking my identity?
Are there any Facebook pages like TheBetterIndia?
Why does Tinder show a friend I recently added on Facebook?
What's the best Facebook auto group poster software in 2017?
What do the ticks mean in Messenger?
How often do Facebook and Zuckerberg get sued?
What could be the Facebook audience for men's business watches product?
Why do couples carry on conversations on Facebook rather than a phone call or text?
One requires code to run a website, so would it be possible to run Facebook with only one person?
If Mark Zuckerberg ran for President and won, assuming China and other leaders allow FB to operate, is it in shareholders interest for him to run?
Can a freelancer cheat their customers as Mark Zuckerberg did with Winklevoss twins, according to the movie “Social Network”?
How can a minor monetize their Facebook pages?
What is the need of Facebook?
What would happen if Facebook is globally banned?
Do guys check their other messages when they have a crush on any stranger and they expect that stranger to message them on Facebook?
What percentage of Facebook users share their email IDs?
What are the recent changes in Facebook?
What does it mean when a friend (boy) likes a picture from few months ago on Facebook?
Why is pornography allowed on Instagram and Twitter, but strictly banned on Facebook?
How do I find the number of Facebook users in a specific city?
Is Keanu Reeves on any kind of social media like Facebook or Twitter?
On Facebook, what happens when you "filter" a photo?
How do I create a contest on a Facebook page?
How can I sync Facebook birthdays to Google Calendar?
Is it possible to be blocked when you are not friends on Facebook?
How am I gonna open my pictures in Facebook and video, too?
How can I tell if my girlfriend is using secret messages on Facebook?
Will Google lose everything to Facebook?
Why do we use Facebook in social media marketing?
It is unpolite to add someone you don't know on Facebook?
If Facebook goes out of business tomorrow, will the world collapse?
How do I focus on study and stop using Facebook and stop playing Mini Militia?
What is business development at Facebook or Instagram?
Can my friend steal my password if I log into Facebook from his mobile browser? If so, how?
Are people who are blocked on Facebook aware of being blocked?
How can I get new script for auto-adding an FB group?
If I message someone on Facebook who I'm not friends with do they get to read the message before deciding whether to accept my request to friend me?
How do people appear in suggestion list on Facebook?
How can I get the rights to my dead brother's Facebook page? I would like it to be changed to a memorial page, but I do not know how to do this.
Can Facebook see startpage searches?
Can you tell who someone is messaging on Messenger?
What does it mean when it says your mobile number was removed from your account because it was registered and verified buy another Facebook user?
Can one hack FB accounts using online tutorials?
If Google, Facebook, Apple, Amazon and Microsoft were declared monopolies, what would be the best way to break each of them up?
How do you tag a name in a Facebook page post?
How serious a problem is social media addiction?
What are some important community or common interest Facebook groups, secret or closed? In what interesting ways are they used by members?
How can I collect emails on my Facebook page?
How do I delete multiple messages in Messenger?
How do I find my friend’s Facebook comments?
Does Facebook record audio on users' devices for ad-targeting purposes?
Why is there little information about the Facebook founders (other than Mark Zuckerberg)?
Will your friend see your activity on Facebook Messenger when your messenger is running in the background?
Is it wrong to brag on Facebook page about your company's projects?
Does Facebook use an image as its background?
Why is my question not on my profile page anymore?
How can I chat with a following friend on Facebook?
Why would someone friend request you on Facebook then pretend they didn't?
How can I find someone using my Facebook without my knowledge?
How can I read a message on another person’s Facebook account without knowing their names?
What is the architecture of a Facebook Messenger extension?
Is Facebook liking a page for me without my permission?
How can I allow everyone to like my photos on Facebook?
How do I unblock myself from someone’s Facebook account?
Should someone with Asperger’s have a Facebook account?
Should Quora add feature opening the links internally within the app like Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter?
How can I crop a Facebook photo?
Is it legal to use Facebook for commercial purposes?
How can someone get money from Facebook?
A guy on Facebook proposed to me online, and I accepted the proposal and it's been a month. We are in a relationship. Is he using me, or is he really serious?
What is the email ID of Facebook?
If you send a message and deactivate your Facebook account, will they still see your name?
How can I share the url of a Facebook advert?
What software does Facebook use for its videos?
How does Facebook display what your friends have liked?
Is it possible for my friend to re-tag me on a photo on Instagram? I have accidentally removed the tag. Can’t re-tag it now. Is there a way?
Who are the 'Aji Haan' Facebook page admins?
Is the idea of Facebook patented?
Can a deactivated Facebook account be hacked or not?
We are not Facebook friends anymore, but we do have preexisting conversations from when we were. I sent the message two days ago and it still says "sent" but not "delivered.” Will he be able to read it?
There is a lot of conflicting advice on Facebook ads. If there was any question you could ask about Facebook advertising, what would it be?
Should I use Facebook as my personal diary and fully fill profile with personal data?
How can I align text to the right on Facebook?
What are the advanced features of Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter?
What might a Facebook advertiser attempt to sell a suicidal teenager?
What are some good Facebook page and page post autolikers that give 200+ likes on a single click?
How do you hide being on messenger?
How do I hide my Facebook relationship status but keep it visible on my fiancee's profile for her friends?
How do I recover Facebook acount without Gmail and password?
Why do Bangalore-based troll Facebook pages behave so cheaply and make themselves the troll at the end?
Can you use a picture you previously saved from Facebook to relocate it on Facebook?
How do I know if my friend has a dual messenger in the same account?
Do Google, Apple, and Facebook hire Qt/C++ engineers?
How do I update a blank status on Facebook?
Why are internet providers going to block Facebook once we don't have net neutrality anymore?
Can one send a Facebook friend request using Facebook SDK?
Why do the same notifications continue to show unread count on Facebook on the Android app even after opening them?
How do some Facebook pages put advertisement in between of the video?
How difficult is it to run a small business' Facebook page?
Is there is any way to upload .mp3 files to Facebook and YouTube with fixed images with high resolution?
Whom can I contact on Facebook to ask about an MA in literature?
How do you retrieve a lost Facebook password?
Can you hide a friend from your friends list?
What is an alternative to Facebook and Instagram?
What does “favorites” in Facebook Messenger mean?
Does Facebook record your video calls on Facebook?
What is the bullish argument for Amazon, Apple, Google, Facebook, Microsoft, and Netflix?
Someone sent me a message and a friend request. I deleted the friend request. Does that delete the message also?
How can I make my relationship status on Facebook visible to public except for one friend whom I don't wish to block?
I am dreadfully provoked. How do I trigger a shocking amount of destruction in a lawsuit against Facebook, on a very low budget?
How can I appear online on Facebook every time?
How do you know who has friended you on Facebook?
What happened to the Facebook website?
What is the reason for someone disappearing from the “people you may know” list on Facebook? Does it mean the person removed himself/herself or is this a Facebook decision?
Why can I not unblock someone from my Facebook?
I spent $12 per day for 3 days on Facebook ads, which got me 300 website views per day, but no sales; should I end the campaign or spend more?
How can I buy Facebook likes, YouTube subscribers and Twitter followers?
What is the motivation for Facebook to push their Top Stories newsfeed?
Would it show as delivered if they didn't have a Messenger account?
Can ex-convicts in Australia have gun photos on Facebook?
Which is more complicated in terms of design, Facebook website or F22 Raptor?
What is the user doing in Facebook during active?
Would Facebook achieve the same kind of success (or even exist) had Zuckerberg attended a different school?
How many codes were used to make Facebook, and how many days did it take?
How can one tap a large audience on a particular Facebook page?
What season is it where you are right now?
Where can I find Facebook profile data?
How do I integrate Facebook Pixel with TheBookingButton?
Do you have to delete your Messenger app if you have already scheduled your FB for deletion?
Why can't my friends mention me in comments so I can have a notification? It just appears in black font, not blue with a link to my page.
How can I reduce my addiction to FB?
Is it ethical to share and alter a post from one Facebook page to another, adding a misleading image to the new post?
What can I do to resize an event photo to fit on a Facebook page, if I don't have Photoshop? Is there any way to do it online for free?
What happend if I spam messages on Facebook?
How does geolocation work on popular websites like Google, Facebook, and YouTube?
How do I tell if someone with a mobile phone is on Messenger chat or browsing Facebook?
What is the difference between people who use Facebook, Instagram, and Snapchat more and people who use Quora more?
Who is the king of the internet, Google, Facebook or WordPress?
Is the secret conversation encrypted when the device key doesn't match?
What is the perfect name for my Facebook cricket page?
How can I broadcast live IPL matches on my Facebook page?
Why do other social media companies not create revolutionary tech like Facebook does?
What is your most hated Facebook trend today?
How can I generate leads directly in my Autoresponder and Webinar list using Facebook Ads?
What are the Poke and Wave features in Messenger during chatting?
Can I get my deleted conversation back on Messenger?
How long does Facebook take to verify one’s ID?
What does it mean when you are friends with someone on Facebook but you can't see them on any of your friends lists when they used to be there?
What are some ways to unsync your contacts from Facebook on your Android?
Why are people operating fun Facebook pages? Does Facebook pay for this?
How can I move all my saved Facebook posts to a Word document or a PDF?
Is it possible to extract the time for every like and share on Facebook brand pages?
Does Facebook show previous logged in locations as the current login?
How do I read a message without the seen mark in hangouts messenger?
How do I block a profile on Facebook?
Why did Facebook Messenger decide to focus on ads only while other messaging platforms such as WeChat and Line make money from payments, commerce etc.?
How can I see the secret conversations of my spouse in Messenger?
How do I create a female Facebook account for MMM?
How can I know my opponents' advertising in Facebook?
What is the different when doing marketing by between Billboard and Facebook?
What is the truth percentage in social media news like on FB or WhatsApp?
This message pops up on the screen "this person is not available right now". What does this mean? Am I blocked by my friend or I was temporary blocked?
Why can I see the “Add friend”/“Send message” buttons next to a profile picture on a phone but not on a laptop?
Why don't we make our own apps instead of using Facebook and Google in India?
Does it make sense to use additional user information (like age, sex or even Facebook likes) for recommendation systems?
What are the problems in Rails that prevent it from carrying big sites like Facebook, WhatsApp or Google?
Which is the minimum age to use Facebook?
Why won't Facebook load complete photo albums, it just has a spinning cursor?
How do I comment on a Facebook page post through a C++ program?
How can I permanently turn off Facebook's region based pages?
How do you make One single Page your default page in WIX without a /name after?
What is the best Facebook group for expats in your country/city? What rules does it have?
Does Facebook monitor our everyday life?
How can I earn on Facebook or other social media sites?
How does one stop oneself from being an active Facebook and an Instagram addict?
Is there any way to retrieve my old Facebook account password?
Facebook is not responding to my ID verification for the last 1.5 years. What can I do?
How can we create large YouTube thumbnails which are playable on the Facebook app? Is there any solution?
Would you "out" a racist on Facebook to their employer or clients?
How would I know if I’m blocked by someone on Messenger?
How can I inbox somebody on Facebook Messenger?
I saw a girl on Facebook and instantly got attracted to her. But she doesn't know me at all. Should I send her a friend request?
Do the number of views shown on our stats page include views from outside sources such as Google, Facebook, etc.?
What is RMIT like for a Master’s in laboratory medicine? The reviews on their Facebook page are very negative, and I would like to hear the views of their alumni.
How do I know if a message request I received is not a fake?
How much does Google, Facebook and Microsoft earn from India?
Can Facebook be defeated by a new company? If yes, how? If no, why not?
How do I get the password for a Facebook friend without permission?
Is there a similar thing as Activity Log from Facebook on Quora? Can I see the posts I upvoted?
What does it say about a person who unfriends you on Facebook because you don't like Trump?
How do you undelete Facebook messages properly?
Is working at Google or Facebook as a software engineer better than college life?
I'm trying to cause a shocking amount of destruction by suing Facebook ($20B). As a Nigerian, how do I bring this lawsuit to fruition?
Is there a way to earn from Facebook like YouTube?
How can an African apply for the, 3000 live streaming monitoring jobs at Facebook?
How do I make a IFTTT recipe to post on FB business page, instead of a FB personal page?
Does WhatsApp still work in China? Since last year, it’s owned by Facebook, no?
How do I remove phone number from my Facebook account?
What is the meaning of accepting an interest request in community matrimony?
How can I see who has blocked me on Facebook?
What is the best Facebook ads type if there is no web page?
How do 3rd party companies get your Facebook page or Instagram account verified with a blue tick in return for money?
If you unfriend someone on FB, would they know it?
How do I get rid of a Facebook and Twitter addiction?
How can I report a cyber crime on a Facebook comment in India?
Will Tinder update my profile pictures without my knowledge?
Is the WhatsApp company under the Facebook company?
Is it possible to merge a restaurant FB page with a musician FB page?
How can I personally conduct social listening on Facebook without the use of questioners or third-party tools?
Is there a way of cross posting images on multiple Facebook pages?
How can I be as good as Google or Facebook developers?
Why is FB using so much space on my phone?
When does Messenger show you as being online? Can Messenger show that you are online without you opening Facebook?
How can I add a photo on my own Facebook post?
Are there any Indian stock market experts to follow on Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, or Quora?
Can we run multiple lead ads in Facebook?
How can I upload, save and display a profile picture in PHP?
What is the best strategy through Facebook for startups?
How do entrepreneurs like Tim Cook and Mark Zuckerberg sleep only a few hours and remain completely awake the rest of the day?
Among Google, Apple, Facebook, Amazon and Microsoft, which one gets more information about users?
Why did Quora make comments optional? I can no longer comment on something or read other comments. Did Quora just give users the power to censor posts?
Are the terms "Like" and "mutual Friends" owned by Facebook?
Are there any websites which could drive web traffic from a Facebook page?
Why do people keep posting political rubbish on Facebook?
How do you find a person’s Facebook page or wall?
How can I replicate dynamically Facebook Post comments on a Wordpress article?
What programming languages/technologies are beneficial to Android developers at large companies like Google, Amazon, Facebook, Uber, etc.?
Why do my own Facebook posts sometimes not show up in my news feed?
How we can promote webinar on Facebook?
Is it cool to send a friend request on Facebook to your crush, who is your junior?
Why is my ad placement on Facebook smaller than my mobile ad placement?
Is Facebook down? Getting an error saying "Sorry, something went wrong. We're working on it and we'll get it fixed as soon as we can."
What is the best way to save Facebook videos to a computer?
How do I apply for a violet video reader on Facebook?
Can I see if I'm in someone's top six Facebook friends list?
Has Google or Facebook ever recruited KIIT students?
How much should I charge for designing a Facebook page?
How safe is a video call between a couple in Imo or Facebook Messenger?
What is the reason behind many people taking up photography as a hobby in recent times?
A few years ago I was terminated from Facebook. A recruiter who saw I used to work there has reached out asking if I want to return. Is this an error?
I deactivated my Facebook account 2 years ago or more. I remember the email address but totally forgot the password. Is there any way to restore it?
What’s the average usage of WhatsApp and Facebook?
How do I make a Facebook Messenger QR code?
How will Facebook’s marketplace impact Craigslist and eBay's growth?
Why does data on Google Analytics differ from data on social media platforms, specifically Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram?
How is Facebook associated with Reliance Jio?
How social media such as Facebook, path, Snapchat promote their platform at early stages?
Does Mark Zuckerberg waste time on Facebook?
If a Facebook login is compromised, what personal data will be lost??
Why would your ex keep taking themselves off Facebook when you already have them blocked?
Do we need social networking sites for success? Is there any use of these sites for our academic growth?
How did I show up on Facebook’s Nearby Friends?
Why isn't Facebook Group app loading? When will this problem be solved?
What are disadvantages of converting your Facebook profile to a Facebook page in 2017?
On Facebook Messenger, what causes a message request to go from sent (blue circle with checkmark) to delivered (filled in blue circle with checkmark)?
Will users be able to search their Activity Logs of their Facebook Timeline?
Is it possible to turn off unwanted videos in Facebook?
How do I find somebody’s Facebook username?
Can I get an app to hack a Facebook account?
How do I generate large YouTube video thumbnails for Facebook without any site promotion?
Does it affect anything on Facebook if I get blocked?
How can I talk to someone from the Facebook office?
Is it forbidden to sell private ads on a Facebook group as an administrator of the group?
Is iodised salt a bad business tactic? Is it necessary when iodine evaporates upon warming ?
How does one manage/ take control of a Facebook group without an admin?
Why would a name show up several times under a Facebook search?
How do you differentiate between paid Facebook views/clicks to site and organic Facebook views/clicks to site in Google Analytics?
Why does my new account have a different "activity log" (likes) look from my old Instagram?
Do you think the Logical Indian Facebook page is anti Hindu?
Can a Facebook user on Messenger be a creeper?
Why does Facebook Live Map keep crashing when viewing certain live casts? Some streams crash quickly and other seem to stay up and running smoothly.
When will Facebook launch its augmented reality learning platform?
Is it possible to record Facebook voice calls on Windows using Chrome?
What would you advise me to do, if I want to push aside Facebook?
Can I get do follow backlinks from Facebook and Google Plus?
Why do Android phones come with the Facebook app? Does Facebook pay Google?
How do I get my friend’s number in Facebook Messenger?
How often does Facebook messenger archive messages?
Is the information about health given on Facebook through Facebook pages correct?
How can I get people to see my Patreon page?
How do you design a Facebook banner?
Facebook’s rules say that if your account is disabled, you need permission to make a new account. Where do you go to ask?
Can I use a Nikon D5300 for a live feed on Facebook? If yes, what are the things I need to do in order to do so?
How do you compare Facebook, Twitter and Quora in Indian users perspective?
How can I see when my friends were last on Facebook, since the last update?
How does Facebook get its sponsored ads?
How can I change the Facebook account email account in Quora.com?
How do I sign into my Facebook account with a profile picture?
How do people put special effect on live Facebook videos?
How do I suggest my opinion to Facebook CEO?
Should I stop using Facebook?
How can I read my man’s Facebook messages?
How can you tell, when someone shows active on Facebook Messenger, that a person is chatting with someone else?
My girlfriend blocked her ex on Facebook, but I can still see her likes and comments on his post from a couple of years ago. Has she unblocked?
How do people in the Google office see if someone says, "Add me in Facebook," or "Facebook me"?
How can I change my likes on Facebook?
How did Mark Zuckerberg earn money when he started Facebook and turned the website into a billion-dollar company?
Why is Facebook trying to force me to use the app, instead of Safari on iPad?
How can I earn with my fb fashion page which has around 100k likes?
Are there ways to see some friends that want to hide?
Can my client pay for his Facebook ads if his page is in my Business Manager account?
How can Facebook be hacked with the SS7 flaw?
How do I apply for a job at Facebook?
I'm American and I'm looking to make friends on Facebook who live in Ireland. How do I go about doing this?
What is the procedure to find out who saw my profile recently in Facebook?
Did you ever love someone so much that you end up getting blocked on Facebook \U0001f601?
Someone is trying to hack my Facebook constantly and I'm receiving password change requests. How do I secure it?
Is This rac?
Where is my friend’s list?
How can my startup story be as popular as Mark Zuckerberg or Facebook?
On which Facebook page or group can widowers be found?
Will deleting a comment on Facebook delete it everywhere or just on my device?
How do I prevent a person seeing my post in Facebook who is not a friend to me?
What are some new Facebook tips and tricks?
Why do companies like Facebook and IMO pay stipends if the employees stay less than 5 miles from the office?
Why doesn't Instagram have react emoticons like Facebook?
What does increasing ad spend on a Facebook Ad Set actually do?
Who are the people behind faking news Facebook page?
What script would I need to grant a redirect after a successful Facebook login app, if the app is hosted on a stand alone landing page domain?
I have already downloaded WhatsApp Messenger. Now, how do I start chatting?
What are the digital media strategy you used for relevant website traffic and lead generation apart from Google and Facebook platform?
Who can find out a person behind a fake Facebook account?
How do I promote my Indiegogo page?
Does Facebook prefer to hire developers who are active on Facebook as users?
Can I search for any Facebook account​ by an uploaded pic on that account​?
Is Facebook useless for students?
Is there a grand piano at Facebook's Menlo Park campus?
How do I target FaceBook adverts to clothing brands?
How can I get back into my Facebook account, using my security question?
Can you sue someone for invading your privacy? Like personal things, Facebook/phone messages, etc.?
How can I market a local medical spa on Facebook?
How can I hide my Facebook activity from my girlfriend?
What would happen to their respective companies if Mark Zuckerberg and Satya Nadela interchanged their posts with enough knowledge of the products of the other company?
What does "in a relationship" on Facebook in Mumbai means?
Why is there so much offensive material on Facebook?
What do the circles around the camera in Messenger mean?
What does Facebook use Git for?
How do I find out the email address associated with a private message sent to me through Facebook?
In the future, what company could possibly defeat Facebook in the social media industry? And why?
What would happen if someone tag a person on a video I shared to selected people on Facebook?
How do I hide my friend list on Facebook?
Can I connect my existing 8 Ball Pool, which is connected to my Google account, to Facebook?
Facebook says that they're not taking applications for blue checkmark verifications at the moment. How do you get one?
Can you see when a friend has viewed your Facebook?
What are Facebook's SWOTs?
Do Facebook users find Facebook less appealing since the removal of interest lists (adding pages to lists)?
How do I tell my autistic brother that he will never become a programmer at Google or Facebook, etc.?
How accurate is the Facebook audience size meter?
How many characters can we write if we post something on Facebook?
How do I promote an online store or Facebook page in a different​ country​ (eg Australia)?
Why did Facebook ask me if I knew a specific girl from the suggestion list?
Is being an out-of-state applicant for a business job at companies such as Google, Facebook, and Apple a disadvantage?
How can I recover one post that I posted in a Facebook group if I deleted it unexpectedly?
When on Facebook Messenger, what does it mean when you see “video chat” under one of your contact’s name?
How do certain products (or news) that are not more special than others (fidget spinner, Facebook, etc.) become so popular?
Is it normal to brag about your academic grades on social media sites like Facebook?
Is it wrong to unfriend someone in my circle of friends?
How can I contact Facebook’s/Twitter’s CEO?
What are the best platforms to distribute your blog posts besides the usual Facebook, Instagram and EDMs?
Is there any Tamilian working in Facebook, Google and Microsoft?
Why do some follow unknown people on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and what is their actual intention?
How does Facebook ad work?
What are the best app to get auto comment on Facebook page or account?
Does Facebook provide any API to log in to an account with Python?
Can I host multiple Facebook live streams on a website?
Is it possible to look at items available in a Facebook merchandise store online?
How do you use a Facebook Pixel to create a custom audience of everyone who visits your website if it's installed on multiple websites?
How do I create a bot/website which can search for a particular hashtag or keyword on Twitter/Facebook from the people I follow?
Is it possible to use old versions of websites such as LinkedIn and Facebook?
What do you think about suicide on social media like Facebook? I just saw the news that a man is killing his baby, daughter, and himself.
How do I merge two FB accounts? Will I lose photos?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked me how I was doing?
What cool analytics stuff can you do with your Facebook messaging history?
What are the features of Facebook video post translation?
What is the most customizable plugin for Facebook photos / albums in WordPress?
What are the best interests to use on Facebook ads for watches?
Does Quora sell data to Facebook?
If I were to start a Facebook group to discuss canonical events in Star Wars, how do I get people to join?
How can I download Facebook videos in an Andriod phone?
How can you go into a person's page that blocked you?
In what update where Facebook chat heads removed?
What should you say in your first chat with an unknown friend on Facebook if she is online?
Is it illegal for me to share a standard YouTube licensed video with my friends on Facebook?
Can I see “last seen” on Messenger if I am not her friend on Facebook?
What does it mean on Facebook Messenger when the status says active a minute or minutes ago, but the color green indicator does not show?
How do I avoid tagging on Facebook?
Why do exes tend to create fake Facebook accounts to spy on you? I mean, the relationship ended, so why spy on her/him?
Why is there no rival app for Facebook?
Why are engineers trolled so much on social media, especially Facebook?
Should I share my book cover and description on social networking sites before publishing it on KDP?
Is there still a chance in 2017 to compete with Facebook?
What URLs should I insert in Facebook ads, "view tags"?
What is the proper way to absorb an existing Facebook page when you acquire a business and location?
Why doesn't Facebook care about UI?
Is it okay to accept a friend requests you get in Facebook without knowing them in person but you have mutual friends?
How do I view my Instagram activity on Facebook?
Does popularity on Facebook affect your popularity in real life?
Does Facebook help to get into a relationship?
How do I react thankfully on Facebook?
Is is possible to do affiliate marketing on Facebook directly without having any website or blog?
How do you see videos on Facebook with your phone?
How do my videos go live on Facebook?
Why does the person I search for on Facebook show up many times?
How do I use Facebook links on LinkedIn?
I've just joined Facebook. What are some things I should keep in mind? (while making my profile, posting, etc.)
What was it like to date Sheryl Sandberg?
Why is Facebook installed on Android 6 Sony Xperia X permanently and can’t be uninstalled?
How can anyone give up the addiction of Facebook?
Is it possible to know who has viewed my Facebook page?
If someone keeps blocking and unblocking on Facebook, does it affect the photo in search?
Do Aspies often have Facebook feeds with higher S/N ratio (especially to outsiders)?
How can I get the 2010 version of Facebook back?
Should I use int or VARCHAR in MySQL (or other databases)?
What does the green picture with wine on messenger mean?
How can I see which non-friends have viewed my Facebook page?
If I want to start up a social media site a little like Facebook, what is the easiest way to do it?
Facebook has expanded the content review team. Does it show that China's network management has something to learn from it?
Is Facebook a cult?
What do Facebook metrics like the total views of a page actually & honestly mean?
What rules does Facebook implement to claim companies’ trademarks?
How can find friends on Facebook by their IP?
Is there a significant risk involved in posting an image on Facebook that includes the license plate number on a relative’s car?
What happened to Facebook games?
Is making a fan page on Facebook or Instagram legal?
How can I reach someone in the Facebook Ads team? My ads don't work. The budgets are not being used, targeting variations are done, tickets are being raised, and nothing works.
How does Facebook still know my e-mail address after clearing my browser data?
Which WordPress plugin allows users to create business pages, like Facebook pages?
How do I make money from a fake Facebook account with 4000 friends and 1000 followers?
How do I find the location of a Facebook user?
AdSense ads are not showing whena user is coming from Facebook. Why is this happening only with me on Facebook?
Why do my friends’ profiles show eight pictures of their friends?
Why hasn't Twitter grown like Facebook?
Is there a way to upload a video with a photo album on Facebook?
When can I share a post from another page in a group from my new account so Facebook doesn't block that account?
Why do my questions not show up on my page?
Do cricketers have their own FB IDs?
What does it mean on Facebook when it says contact?
How do I change the color of my comments in Facebook?
Did anyone try to make an alternate version of Facebook or Quora?
Why it is that someone sees my message on Facebook but "seen" does not appear at that time. After some hours it appears as seen hours ago?
Will I ever return to my Facebook sociability? Folks seem to worry that they haven't read my postings in 2 months.
How do I change my name on Messenger on my Android?
How do I add my Twitter account to my FB account?
Should I ask my fiance why she has blocked me on Snapchat, Instagram and Facebook? Should I just trust her?
Would you rather rule Facebook or Quora?
Can I hack Facebook accounts by using a rooted Android mobile?
Can a Facebook business manager account create a Facebook page?
Why is it that some of the sponsored ads on Google and Facebook are linked to what you search for on the Internet?
How can I get licence key for Facebook tool kit?
What does Mark Zuckerberg do as he works 60 hours per week? Does he code or go to meetings and stuff?
Does a person know when I save his/her profile image on Facebook?
What would 9/11 have been like if social media (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.) had the same prevalence then that it does today?
How do I warn the Facebook CEO directly, without any third party?
What is Facebook actually meant for?
Will Facebook, Twitter, and WhatsApp lead to death?
What are the allegations against Mark Zuckerberg in the social network movie?
Is there an app or a script that will give you notifications about the activity of your "close friends," like what Facebook used to give, e.g., when they comment?
How can we post Twitter posts on Facebook automatically?
What database or storage is used by Facebook to store its live streaming data?
I was an administrator of a Facebook group and I deleted my account. What happened with the group?
What should be the motive behind updating a story on Snapchat?
What is the process of getting business page verification tick on Facebook?
I can't access my Facebook account because the confirmation code is being sent to my old mobile number, which I lost. What should I do?
Is Facebook a DDOS attack on humanity?
Is it really possible to hack someone's messenger acct?
What should I name my Facebook page which is based on affiliate marketing?
Is it possible to access a Facebook account with two different passwords?
What is the diameter of a large graph (Facebook or Google graph) used for? What are the applications and some usage cases?
One girl “unfriended” me on Facebook and in turn it made me so disappointed that I blocked her. Was that the right thing to do?
What are the signs that your Facebook page is being blocked?
What is the the structure of Facebook iOS and Android application?
Why do many people consider Facebook a waste of time?
Can you explain these conflicting Facebook video metrics?
Does Facebook and/or Instagram watermark their users’ content?
Is Gmail easier than Facebook to be hacked?
How can I download a Facebook video on my phone?
How can I log in to FB without a password or an email?
How often and for what type of posts do you use Facebook?
How can I tell if a friend I am following is excluding me from their posts on Facebook?
How do I make a good looking website like Facebook or Quora?
Are Apple, Alphabet, Facebook, etc., working directly to advance the field of health/medicine?
Should I quit Facebook, WhatsApp, and other social media sites for a better future?
Should I make a Facebook account if I am about to reach class XI or would it be distracting to me later on?
What circle in Pinterest posts mean?
Why are there less number of likes on Quora's posts on Facebook?
What is the minimum cost for Facebook ads in India?
Is Mr. Mark Zuckerberg’s personal e-mail address contact available, just for me?
Is it good practice to write likes and dislikes when the buttons are clicked directly to a database such as MySQL or put them in an async queue?
When is Facebook going to die?
Why would my iPhone appear to be logged into my Facebook account as an iPad?
Should I post a picture of my (plastered) broken hand on Facebook?
How can we see others’ updates on Facebook without having a Facebook account?
How do you add a countdown to a Facebook page?
Why are there no dates/timestamps visible on the questions and answers in Facebook’s Help Community?
How many marketing tricks does Facebook have?
How does Facebook approve ads? How do they do it so quickly?
What will be happen with Facebook in future, let's say in two or five years?
Other than Amazon, Facebook, etc., what are some other big companies that use mergers and acquisitions as part of their growth strategy?
What do the 5 dots appearing at the beginning of the Facebook Lite app mean? Does each dot represent any level of connection establishment?
How can I pay for a Facebook page in Uganda since I have no card?
What would Magic Leap do if Avegant & Microsoft teamed up to make a light field HoloLens?
Should I delete my Facebook account right now? I want to begin anew.
On my MetroPCS account, how do I get access to my second line?
On Facebook, girls get more likes and comments. Is the same thing happening on Quora?
How do I delete all Messenger messages?
How do Facebook chatbot platforms allow users to create bots tied to Facebook pages without requiring a Facebook app review for each new page?
Frequently, I visit someone's profile in Facebook, but I don’t get that person's name in the “people you may know” list. Why?
Why did you "unfriend" all of your Facebook friends?
Facebook Instant Articles Doesn't show Ads, can someone help?
Why does Facebook create a dark web website?
Should I send a girl that I only met once a friend request?
Can I Share a text file on Facebook?
Will Facebook be a good choice to post my song covers?
A has blocked B's account on Facebook. If C (a mutual friend of both A and B) comments on a post or a photo posted by A, will B be able to see that post or photo?
What is the use of a hashtag on Facebook or Instagram when uploading an image?
Can anyone spy on my Facebook?
If you read a Facebook Messenger message via a push notification without opening the app, will the sender see their message as being marked read?
Do you think Quora will soon run promotions on paid advertisements from businesses just like Facebook to build revenue?
Does Facebook pay for likes on a page like YouTube does?
Do you like your fans on Quora more than you like your fans on Facebook?
Is it a crime to look at someone's Facebook and Instagram PG?
Can I create a Facebook based visualization? If yes, how do I start?
Are Facebook Messenger’s “encrypted” secret messages easily monitored by Facebook, as they claim to be able to monitor certain behaviors and messages?
A person is using my old profile picture as his profile picture. He is accessing Facebook with another name. How can I find that profile?
Is the best way to reach potential users for a new app via Facebook, ads, or other means?
According to you, is Facebook a successful dating platform?
Lately I've been receiving friend requests from girls whom I don't know personally. What could be the reason?
What is India doing for Syrian refugees other than tweeting and sharing Facebook posts?
How can I find my friend’s Facebook account by only searching by contact number?
How do I find password of Instagram without Facebook?
How can I get the phone number of my friend on Facebook?
What is Google really scared of, other than Facebook ads?
How do I earn via Facebook and Instagram pages, likes, etc.?
What are some interesting secret Facebook groups?
Where did my Facebook location address go?
How do I write an effective and super convincing Facebook post to invite friends to attend an important event for charity that they can't ignore?
Are there any social networks that have a Facebook style theme?
Does Facebook accept plugins created by individuals? What is the process?
Who can I contact if I need to stop someone from using my email to set up a Facebook account?
What is the limit of Facebook friend requests?
How bad is Facebook addiction?
Can an engineering fresher student do a job at Facebook?
How do I do multiple posts in an FB group by posting once?
A has blocked B's account on Facebook. If C (a mutual friend of both A and B) comments on a post or photo posted by A, will B be able see C's comment or like on that post or photo?
How can I target business owners on Facebook who are likely to be interested in online marketing?
Is there any Facebook or WhatsApp group for law aspirants?
How do I convert a comment into a post on Facebook?
How do I verify my entertainment website Facebook page?
Is there a way to prevent someone from following a Facebook Page without also liking it?
How does Facebook generate the "friends who will miss you" shown in the account deactivation process?
Why does the wrong image appear when I share a website or a post on the social networks?
Why do people always appear online on Facebook?
Is posting and sharing political stuff on Facebook bad?
How do I prepare myself to get into the data teams of Google, Facebook, etc.?
Is it possible to hack Facebook online?
How do I update my status to a client?
Is Facebook just a socially-accepted platform for people to brag?
Is it possible that other people can read my messenger?
How does Facebook know my friends?
I need to focus. How can I stop Messenger and all these apps that force me to receive messages and calls even when I block the notifications?
On a Facebook page, what ratio is good for the number of post reaches to likes?
Does Facebook show your profile to the people who have saved your mobile no. and are on Facebook?
I am trying to opening my Facebook account, but it reports an error due to some problem on the website. What does that mean?
To what extent do adults practice their freedom of expression on Facebook?
How do I delete my Facebook ID permanently?
How many users access Facebook Live via mobile?
Is there a way to fast processing the Facebook friends list?
Do you find it odd that Facebook, YouTube, and Twitter ban users for no reason but they won't ban accounts of Islamic extremists?
How do I set up a WhatsApp group so that only the administrator can see incoming messages and, when posting them out, all the participants are able to see them?
What is the best way to troll those spam Facebook messages from girls "looking to have fun"?
Why would someone who's not in my friend list show up in Facebook quiz results?
What can I do in Facebook so that on Tinder I will only be matched up with people who are NRIs and were brought up in the Arabian Gulf region?
How can I prevent someone from stalking my Facebook account?
Facebook has disabled my account, and my phone number is lost. How do I recover it?
Does Facebook allow businesses/startups to sell FB accounts or pages for automatic backup services?
Why do my friends on Facebook like others’ posts, but not mine?
How do I delete my Quora account, if I used my Facebook to sign in, and I am locked out of the email for my Facebook account?
How do you remove pictures from Facebook?
Who is managing the Bangalore City Police’ Facebook page?
Will tech giants like Google, Microsoft, Amazon, and Facebook hire a statistician with a master’s degree?
What does it mean when there are pulsating circles around the video icon on Facebook Messenger?
Why can't I convert my Facebook profile into a page?
Will calls made in Messenger be added to my iPhone contacts?
Can brand pages publish branded content on Facebook?
In what other ways I can submit my CV to Facebook excluding careers.Facebook.com?
How does Chatfuel do to create a Facebook developer App for their users?
I accidentally tagged someone in a post on Facebook, but untagged them and blocked the page. Will the page get a notification?
Is Daniel Radcliffe on Facebook?
Do people still use Facebook (May 2017)?
I deactivated my Roku. How do I reactivate it?
Did your life change after deleting Facebook and WhatsApp?
Can friend requests be sent to a deactivated Facebook account?
What is with Facebook advertising people that offer office jobs?
Is life generally better with or without a Facebook account, for an unexceptional person?
Have you ever reached the end of your Facebook news feed?
Which credit card should be best for boosting posts in Facebook?
Why would a boy who liked you unfriend you on Facebook?
How did WittyFeed and its founders, Vinay Singhal, Praveen Singhal and Shashank Vaishnav, get verified on Facebook?
Theoretically, how would someone make a fake ID in Photoshop so they can send it to Facebook so they can get their fake account back?
How do I invite people who shared my content to like my business’s Facebook page?
How do I track a Facebook post if the user set it for friends only?
What do people think about the new flower (thankful) react of Facebook?
Is Facebook keeping the ‘Thankful’ reaction beyond Mother's Day?
Does mailing at security@Facebook.com works?
How can I save videos or GIFs from Facebook or Twitter?
Why doesn't YouTube hire IITians like Google or Facebook?
How will you describe personalities of people using Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, WhatsApp, Snapchat and Quora?
How do I add followers rather than friends on Facebook?
How can I download a GIF from Facebook?
Has Facebook ever thought of wiping out Amazon, Uber, foodpanda and other aggregators by connecting potential customers with potential service providers on its own platform? Aren’t most of them already on Facebook?
How do I create Facebook and Instagram outro cards on YouTube videos?
Where does Facebook get the external content such as news articles that appear in your news feed? Do external sources push or does FB pull the content?
How do you re-target marketing to people on Facebook who have downloaded your app from iTunes?
Is it illegal to hack Facebook messenger and post someone's messages?
Has anyone read posts by this page on Facebook by the name Mukhtasar?
Can class 8 students make Facebook IDs?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg taking a tour of the whole USA?
How can I find pending posts on Facebook?
What user profile information can I access from Facebook's Botkit tool?
What is the meaning of ROFL on FB?
How can I turn my friend requests on Facebook into followers?
How do you tell if someone is declining your call on FB messenger or just not answering?
How can I check if someone has blocked me on FB Messenger?
What are the best ways to use Facebook for company?
How do you earn money from Facebook videos?
How can I get a blue tick on my Facebook profile?
What are the drawbacks of installing the Facebook app?
How can I convert my Facebook profile to page a second time?
How do I get unlimited likes on Facebook?
How would you target people interested in buying lady's apparel with Facebook ads for LuLaRoe or a similar brand?
What would happen if nobody used Facebook anymore and switched over to another social media site?
Why do people, my so-called friends on Facebook, ignore me?
How do I get to the first comment when there are hundreds of comments on a Facebook post?
What are time saving ways to use Facebook?
How can I make money using Instagram or Facebook?
How can I promote my blog site using Facebook?
What are the DevOps jobs available in companies like Google, Facebook, etc.?
How can I get authentication from another Facebook user to access his/her profile details through Graph API?
If most Hindus & Muslims post good things about each other on Quora, then why are there hate speech, hate comments & hate videos on YouTube & Facebook?
How much would WhatsApp be spending on cloud services if it was not bought by Facebook?
Does Mark Zuckerberg use same version of Facebook that every other normal user uses?
How useless do you think Facebook is?
What is the use of Facebook to Mark Zuckerberg?
How can I get to the very beginning of a Facebook conversation without scrolling through all the years?
Is it possible to use the same Facebook account after uninstalling the Facebook app?
If you delete a message on Facebook, will it still be seen on Messenger?
How can I get more followers on Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, Twitter, Vimeo and my blog?
Why should I verify my Facebook account?
How can I get my Facebook friend number without asking him?
What is the use of a hashtag in Facebook and Instagram while uploading a picture?
How do Twitter, FB, Instagram, LinkedIn, etc. interconnect? If you hashtag something, does the whole post show up on Twitter?
Which social media site is the easiest to get verified on, YouTube, Instagram or Facebook?
Whenever I try to send a message to my friend on FB messenger, it never gets sent. I see only a red icon in a circle. Why is this happening? Am I being blocked?
How can I see who views my Facebook account?
Why does Facebook keep lying about new notifications?
Can you still see liked posts by a person blocked on Facebook?
Are intellectuals less active on Facebook? It seems that Facebook is more of a self-branding platform than a "keep in touch" platform.
Is there any way to download all the content that I have posted in a Facebook group including all status and files?
How do I know whether my Facebook data engineer phone interview went good or bad?
Can I change the Facebook page that is associated with my Quora account?
How can I delete an old Facebook account of mine?
Can Facebook send me another password through my Gmail account?
How can I read my husband’s Facebook messages?
How can I tell if somebody has more than one Messenger app?
Is there a Facebook plugin to display an entire album in Lightbox?
Do Google or Facebook developers copy-paste codes?
Why do people not like Mark Zuckerberg?
How can I participate in a Facebook marketing workshop in India organised by Facebook?
How do I change the location of my Facebook post without checking in?
What can I do to block a person and their posts on my business page?
How do I hire Facebook ads?
Why are most Indians making LinkedIn into another Facebook?
How can I directly put my photo from Facebook on Instagram?
Can you offer the best online courses for mastering Facebook advertising?
What is the best way to start a conversation\chat with a Facebook friend who is a writer and novelist and happens to be a girl?
How do I get access to someone else’s Facebook account?
Who all joined Facebook after they joined Quora? Why?
When I open my Facebook feed, why do I see too many models in Ujjain?
Do you like using live streaming on Facebook?
What could products from Google, Facebook, and Quora do differently if they were available as native desktop apps rather than only in the browser?
How did I get a friend suggestion without a suggester’s name?
How do I get a reply from a girl on Facebook chat?
What determines the 8 friends that show up on your Facebook page?
How do I get access to my Gmail & Facebook accounts? I tried with this phone. Google won't accept this phone number. I don't remember my passwords.
Why would someone ignore a friend request rather than simply responding to it one way or the other?
What does it mean when you get “has accepted your request on Messenger”, but you have talked before?
Do you have an idea what will be the next Facebook or Instagram within the next decade?
Why should we hate Facebook?
Which Indian Facebook groups are popular for buying and selling things?
Who has used Facebook ads to help a daycare with enrollment?
How can I know the Facebook login history of my Facebook friend?
Can you know what friends are following on Facebook?
Should I run more than one campaign for the same target at one time on Facebook?
How do I create a new Facebook account and make it hard for others to find me?
Could anybody help in product (services) advertising on Facebook?
What should I do when I tell someone I'm not interested in chatting on Facebook and they keep messaging me?
Is it true that you can see who visited your Facebook profile by seeing their IDs in View Source?
What are your views on the logical Indian Facebook page?
Why have Facebook posts disappeared when I come back to them?
When Mircosoft paid 240 million for 1.6% of Facebook how did that value Facebook at $15 billion?
How does Facebook connect two users?
Is there any way to see the recently added friends of a person who's not on my own Facebook friends list?
Who are the people who search my Facebook account?
What are the pros and cons of a only using Facebook for a business’ online presence?
Do people ever have positive emotions towards a Facebook friend?
Why does everyone want to join Google or Facebook rather than thinking to build their own startup?
Why is the use of a fake account on Facebook prohibited rather than framed? I mean, most public figures change their name, so why can’t we?
If one were to build the next Facebook what technologies would you use?
Can I apply for a job with Facebook/Google one year in advance?
Can I delete my Facebook account? Not deactivate it, I just want to delete it.
What does Mark Zuckerberg do at Facebook? Does he write code or do business negotiations?
If I set chat to offline on Facebook and I log out and then log in do I keep appearing as offline or does it switch online and offline?
How can I make 5,000 Facebook friends in an instant?
Should YouTube adopt Facebook's 6 reaction buttons?
What is the status of Abu Saraf?
What might be the reason for suddenly decreasing Facebook followers?
Why do people post their status on Facebook as “Watching Bahubali 2"?
Can I see who someone's chatting with on Messenger?
Is there a problem with Facebook today?
What does Quora think of this skit by Neel Kolhatkar on "equality" that is currently going viral on Facebook?
Why am I not getting Facebook messages from people who are not on my Friends list?
How can you find out when someone last logged in to Facebook, without being logged in?
What are some interesting pages on Facebook to increase our knowledge?
What is a good return on Facebook ads for fashion and apparel?
Facebook is blocking me again & again, & I have to change my password every 2 hours, & I'm also unable to post my comment. Why is this happening?
Can the Facebook destroy our life?
Is it possible to fall in love with someone over Facebook?
Why did Facebook not approved my weight loss page for promotion?
Which social media platform is likely to fall first among Facebook, WhatsApp, Instagram, Twitter, and Snapchat?
How do pages like "did you know" get likes on their Facebook page?
Where did Twitter go wrong that Facebook didn't?
What will be the scenario if Facebook and Quora are connected/linked?
Why do people get offended in Facebook's comment section easily?
How do I receive email notifications when I get a private message on Facebook?
For systems having millions of users (such as Facebook, Twitter or some popular online games), how should the administration system be built?
What happens if you add someone on Messenger?
How do I reset the password of my Facebook account?
Should Facebook prevent crimes from being uploaded to Facebook?
Have you seen any Quoran on FB?
Would I be notified if someone reports me on Facebook?
Which is the best Facebook bot?
What does the green dot on Messenger mean?
Can I get 1000 likes in Facebook with zero cost and within in one hour?
Does Facebook allow external companies to provide interactive embeds on their feed?
Do the Illuminati exist? There is a group on Facebook which says that all of the terrorist attacks have been made by the CIA. Is this true?
Which is the best Facebook group auto poster?
How many are the data centers of Facebook?
Being an Indian, can I make Pakistani friends on Facebook? Is there anything wrong in that? I have seen some people making friends with them on Facebook.
Why do some people choose not to “like” someone’s post on Facebook intentionally?
Why did Facebook attempt to acquire Snow, a Snapchat clone?
How do Facebook Ads make money from my Facebook page?
Is it possible to upload and store unlimited HD pictures on Facebook for free?
Are there any browser add ons to alter Facebook functionality?
Will Facebook survive another 15 years?
Does Facebook read every resume?
How do I comment on a Facebook post and have it stand out?
Is there a simple way to identify the original post or video ID in Facebook Ads Manager reports?
Is it possible to build a Facebook-, Instagram-, or Quora-like app using REST API?
If I get a referral from Mark Zuckerberg, do I still need to go through Facebook's technical interview?
If you remove someone from ‘suggested friends’, can they come back?
If a Facebook acquaintance becomes an energy vampire, does social media etiquette require giving her an explanation before I unfriend or block her?
How can I implement the Facebook login iOS when the steps are very vague?
Have Facebook and Twitter done a form of price dumping by offering services, that cost them money, for free to users to eliminate any competition?
Is Facebook good for you?
How do I send a WPF file on Messenger?
How do you compliment a girl's picture on Facebook?
How do I delete friends messenger?
How does a public post on Facebook get more likes?
Why do some interesting Facebook groups I follow (and that post often) rarely show anywhere near the top of my feed?
What are some basic apps for maintaining a Facebook page?
Are there any websites where you can anonymously buy and sell Facebook pictures which are not publically available?
How can I make friends with English native speakers on some websites like Facebook and Twitter?
If I block someone on Facebook then I unblock him, will the past conversation would be deleted on both accounts (me and him)?
How many times can we change birthday in FB?
I created a group which have more than 130,000 members now on the social network (like FB), how can I monetize or earn using this group?
What will happen if Facebook is closed forever?
Is hiding a friend in particular possible on Facebook? If it is possible, then let me know. How do I enable such a feature on Facebook?
Will Facebook be deleted by itself if I didn't deactivate it, and also never try to open it?
Where can I find report as spam messages in Facebook?
How can I overcome my feelings of guilt? I unknowingly Messaged to my friend's girlfriend on Facebook.
How do I recover a post I deleted from Facebook?
How do I hack Facebook account on Android without root?
How many think that opening a Facebook account was a mistake?
How many of the original "Microsoft Five" are still at Facebook?
If you publish on Facebook, do you get royalties?
Why is Facebook reading my private conversations?
Why is Quora still behind social sites like Facebook, Instagram and Twitter?
Where did social media platforms like Twitter, Facebook, and WhatsApp store their data in their early days?
How can l enable a disabled Facebook account?
Will there any social networking website bigger than Facebook?
Why does it say “no friend suggestions”?
How are ad blockers affecting journalism?
How much remuneration do people earn from verified account (Facebook/Instagram)?
Is the Facebook page Word Porn down?
How did Facebook earn money in its early stages?
How are ongoing events created on Facebook?
How can I recover my Facebook account if my mobile number is expired?
Is Facebook trying to steal our information by asking us to log in onto other websites through FB?
How do I report an unapproved use of a credit card for an ad campaign by a hacked user on Facebook?
How can I hide a Facebook page from myself?
How are you using Facebook?
Which is the more profitable website: YouTube or Facebook?
How do I stop believing that posting to social media is attention seeking?
Where is the best place to post funny images in hopes of them going viral?
How much time did you spend on Facebook?
On Facebook Messenger, why does it say that “You are now connected on Messenger”, even when we are not friends on Facebook?
How do you make the crying emoticon for Facebook?
How do I add pictures on Facebook to a gallery?
How do I overcome the desperation of being in a social network despite knowing that no one chats with me or likes my posts?
What makes Quora more respectful than Facebook?
Can I delete everything from my Facebook Messenger so that other people won't be able to see the messages or pics anymore?
How can I delete Facebook messages from someone on my friends' list? How can I report an account in order for it to be closed forever?
How do I scrap (get) the full list of shares on a Facebook post?
What are some other websites like Facebook?
How do I see who has searched me on Facebook?
If I deactivate my account on Facebook app then after when will I be able to log in again?
Are school children now addicted to Facebook?
Is 2017 the actual present or just my timeline?
Why have the games like Millionaire City been stopped by Facebook?
Do you trust a business that has a Facebook page as its website?
I think my Facebook account is hacked, but I can still access it. I find unusual activities in my account. How can I be the only one using my account?
How do I get a low click on Facebook ads?
How do I create an account in Facebook yellow account?
How do I get my Facebook password back even when I have my original number on my account stolen but now I have another mobile number?
If there is an admin on a Facebook page who is ghosted (i.e., you can't tell who that admin is), how can you take over the admin status?
What was your first set Facebook profile picture compared to your newest one?
Where can I find a Facebook post of this video, https://youtu.be/SBTW5NrCA0c?
...
What is the largest Facebook group and page?
Can anyone verify my Facebook page?
With increasing popularity of Instagram, do you think Facebook will shutdown?
If a message in Messenger sits in sent, does a notification go to their email attached to Facebook?
Why can't anyone see my friends list on Facebook?
How effective are Reddit ads compared to ads on Facebook and Google?
When's the best time to upload a Facebook profile picture for maximum likes?
Why is building a website like Facebook very hard?
Could anyone figure out my Facebook profile based on my Facebook page?
Why does “map my peeps” show up in Facebook notifications?
How old is Facebook?
Why do some people say on Facebook “please repost but don't share?” Why do they do that? Does reposting a newsfeed cause a virus on Facebook?
Have Regina Dugan's results from Facebook F8 been reproducible by anyone else?
How can I effectively block someone on Facebook?
Why doesn't Facebook allow you to sign in from Tor?
How do I set Facebook page name like PewDiePie, without giving any space?
A few months ago, I proposed to a friend of mine on Facebook. From that time she has blocked me and has not been in contact with me. How can I become her friend again?
How one can be sure that owners of Facebook, Twitter, Gmail or any other interactive platform cannot see private messages users send over those?
I created a Facebook page, but I put a new admin on it. So, he removed me from admin and blocked me. Is there any solution for me to get my page back?
Why are Facebook's videos psychedelic?
What is it, to recover a close friend list?
What are payloads in a Facebook messenger bot, and how do you manage them?
Do you think it is a good idea for Facebook to allow us to unsend messages in Facebook Chat/Messenger?
Why did the "add friend" button disappear when I added someone on Facebook?
Is Facebook the most valuable company in the world?
Some friends of mine found my crush's parents on Facebook, should I be concerned of them messaging her parents?
How can I scrape hashtags from Instagram, Twitter, Facebook and other social media sites?
What is the way to advertise on Facebook to the whole UK through boosting my post for anyone who is working?
How can I increase my Facebook revenue by giving discounts on products in Magento?
How do I convince Facebook that I always want to see the 'Most Recent' feed?
How was your experience with Facebook at Work?
How do I get a Facebook verification code?
What might be cooking inside Facebook?
How do I see Facebook photos using inspect elements?
Why can't I see my Facebook followers?
How many of your friends shared today on Facebook stories?
How many, if any, North Koreans use Facebook?
How can I search someone on Facebook?
What's Facebook’s Como package for support engineers?
How close to reality is Facebook’s claim that their BCI will enable humans to type 100wpm by just thinking?
How do I send a message when people like my page?
How do I create an ongoing event on Facebook through my phone?
If I have a Google remarketing code in xyz website, will it capture the traffic coming through Facebook as well?
How can I contact Facebook via e-mail?
Why did Facebook and Zuckerberg allow Social Network to be made?
How else can Facebook make money apart of ads?
How do I know if my friend is currently on a video chat on FB Messenger?
What are the strengths of Mark Zuckerberg?
If I unfriend someone on Snapchat and went on private then back to public setting, will they still be able to see my stories?
How do I do target marketing through Facebook boost?
Will people on my Facebook page be able to read what I write here on Quora?
How do I share a GIF file from Facebook to Whatsapp?
Why is my Facebook profile on Tinder? I have never used tinder before and never even heard of it.
What kind of content do people consume on Facebook versus Instagram and other social media platforms?
How do you add someone on Facebook?
Where should I make a complaint for any wrong post on Facebook in India?
How do I use a single name on Facebook page?
How do I hack a Facebook account which was created with a mobile number?
How much do Facebook page admins earn?
Should I add online friends because I get a lot of requests?
What do I text to a girl whom I have seen everyday before sending a friend request?
What's the FB URL for on the page saying "SECURITY WARNING: Please treat the URL above as you would your password and do not share it with anyone"?
What are the best auto-likers for Facebook?
What's the funniest/weirdest Facebook message request you've gotten?
What good name can I give to my Facebook page?
How do I get to see posts (other than my own) from Linkedin and Facebook on my Hootsuite?
What are some reasons why you would leave a friend request pending instead of declining it?
How can my friends’ friends see my post on Facebook?
Is the popularity of Twitter and Facebook symbolic of a banal narcissist culture in which illiteracy has become the norm rather than the exception?
Should I set up a new website like HONY’s Facebook page, but with more details?
What is it like to be a back-end engineer at Facebook?
Is it possible to set up PHP or JavaScript codes in a Facebook profile and track visitors?
How can I effectively delete my Facebook profile picture?
Are there any social networks that have the appearance of Facebook?
How can I get the first message of a Facebook chat?
How can I verify Facebook musician/band page?
Who recently deleted me from Facebook?
How can I hook up Amazon Alexa to Facebook?
Should I accept a Facebook request of a friend of an old friend?
What do you think of Facebook's new "mind-reading" technology for typing?
How does Facebook choose a friend from your friends list for friendiversary?
Why do the friends of old male friends from elementary school add me on Facebook?
If someone were to have a jackpot idea like Snapchat or Facebook, would it be relatively easy to make a business out of it?
How can I develop a scene for Facebook Spaces?
How long do you spend on social software every day (such as WeChat, Facebook, and Twitter)?
What access do social networks (Facebook, Twitter etc) allow you to have on their users’ data and how real time is that data?
Can someone who knows my Facebook password sniff my video calls simultaneously?
Why can’t my PC log into Facebook?
What are the best practices to build an awesome Facebook Shop page?
Can I add my Facebook & Instagram page on my Android app without getting banned?
Shouldn't Quora have its own messenger like Facebook as it's irritating to go to the message option everytime to read & reply to each & every message?
Which makes a better reach on Facebook, creating a post on this event hosted by the page or by the page itself?
What's the average Facebook video ads completion rate?
Is there a way to add an existing Group to a Facebook Page in the new experience they are rolling out that enables a Page to create a Group?
Is it possible to view all information from my phone on my personal computer, like text messages, WhatsApp, Facebook, etc.?
Is there a system of posting “Happy Birthday” messages on Quora as in the case of Facebook?
I just saw the 2017 Facebook F8 and realized that AR is much closer to scale than I expected. How can I position myself professionally to make use of this?
How does Facebook target and attract SMB advertisers to use their platform? What kind of channel marketing strategies do they employ?
What would World War II have been like if we had Facebook and Twitter?
Does permanently deleting your Facebook account also delete your group posts and comments in groups that you are no longer a member of anymore?
How do I hack Facebook likes on Android?
What access do social networks (Facebook, Twitter etc) allow you to have on their users’ data and how real-time is that data? How can you use it?
Is there a way to get my Quora "reading digest" on Facebook or in Google Now where I'll see it rather than as an email?
What can I do with Facebook API?
What tools did Mark Zuckerberg use to build Facebook, and what programming language are used at Facebook?
Can people see the Facebook pages I own?
Why can’t I save photos from Facebook to my gallery? My phone is like Lenovo A1000.
Can I add my downloaded information from a second FB account into my current FB account?
Is Facebook planning a system that can read your mind?
In Facebook, why do I see that one of my pages has groups and can create groups and link them?
What mental & emotional health issues do people get from social media like Facebook and Twitter?
How do Facebook reporting pages work?
Why did BSF dismiss Jawan? Why did the messenger get killed instead of the message?
Can we make multiple Chegg accounts using different Facebook IDs but bearing the same credentials (name, DOB, address, ID proof, etc.)?
How should I dig into AR inspired by the F8 event?
Is it bad for Facebook’s and Instagram’s branding to copycat tons of features from other apps?
What are the main uses of Twitter and Facebook sentiment analysis?
Is it important to be on Facebook?
How can I download all the photos shared on Facebook Messenger (with one click)?
How can I sort my Facebook notifications by unread?
What are the disadvantages of using Twitter Digits or Facebook Account Kit?
Does changing your password on Facebook guarantee your hacked account is 100% safe now?
Is there any other sailing social community besides Facebook?
How dangerous are pseudo-intellectual posts and channels on social networks (Facebook, Youtube, etc.)? How does it really affect a comman man like me?
Is Facebook generating any profit from 0.Facebook.com?
How can I convert posts from my Facebook page to a PDF file which would contain my posted content?
How do I create an app like Facebook with an auto backup facility?
How can I promote my brand most effectively on Facebook without paid methods?
What would Gordon Miller have said about Facebook had it been presented to him 15 years ago?
I can't submit a Facebook disabled appeal, my account is currently disabled. What should I do now?
Will Facebook Pixel count a conversion multiple times for different URL parameters?
How far has Facebook degraded you in studies?
My FB posts gets good response in first 20-30 mins & after that its like nobody seeing it, not used to happen in the past, what could be the problem?
Is there anyone here who knows someone who works at Facebook?
How likely is Facebook going bankruptcy?
Is it possible to have Gmail and Facebook accounts if I am under 18?
Does Facebook have an AdSense program like Google’s?
What would happen if Facebook bought Twitter?
How do Apple, Microsoft, Google, and Facebook compare at doing hardware?
Can I target specific names for Facebook ads?
How could Facebook's brain-computer interface become a mass market product?
How can I connect my Instagram to my Facebook using my laptop, because I forgot my Instagram password?
How can I delete shared content in Messenger?
Can my Facebook post be seen by friends “through” the reaction of a friend to whom I have limited the post through "Custom"?
How can I send a message that a person blocked me on Messenger?
Why can Facebook still not deploy effective real-time content moderation A.I.?
How do I get my friends list from the account that was disabled by Facebook?
How do I find out who has made my fake Facebook account?
What voice technology is Facebook's 'Building 8' working on?
When Facebook rejects my page appeal, what else can I do, especially when I am confident that I did not do all of the things that the page is being accused of?
Can Google remove Facebook from the Play Store if they pose a significant threat to their business?
If I delete my Facebook account, will my sent pics get deleted from the conversations?
What 3rd party services does Facebook use to filter content (spam, terrorism, etc.) from a news feed, and the same with Google and Twitter on their platforms?
Should I bother posting pictures on my Instagram, Facebook, and other social media?
Which company possesses better developers, Facebook or Google?
How many posts should we post on a Facebook page every day?
Can something eliminate Facebook in future?
Where will I find my friends on FB who want to be my friend?
How can we stop the “active now” on Messenger?
I accidentally clicked "prevent person from sending more requests" on Facebook and my best friend did the same thing, how do I re-friend him?
How can I create a Facebook add that profitable?
Facebook unpublished my page but allows other pages similar to mine to remain published. How do I resolve this with Facebook and who do I contact?
Why shouldn't I join Facebook after my board exam?
Is there a way to disable the Your Story feature in the Facebook mobile app?
Doesn't Facebook violate our privacy by showing our likes & comments in our friend's newsfeed without us having control over it?
Is it possible to retrieve an IP address from which a Facebook account was being operated if that account was deleted 2-3 months ago?
What happens when someone tries to log into your Facebook with the wrong password if you have a 2-step verification?
If I write a letter to Facebook headquarters for Mark Zuckerberg, will I get a response?
What is the direct feature in Facebook, and how do I open it in the desktop version?
Is Facebook eroding journalism?
How do I manage multiple Facebook campaigns in one place?
Why is my messenger not working?
How does Chatous hack Facebook invites?
How can I add my new Facebook account to InterviewBit?
Will Google and Facebook create an alternative to the concept of nations through connecting, augmenting and virtualizing the world in their AI ecosystems?
If I comment on my comment on Facebook, will other people who've commented on my comment receive a notification?
On Facebook Messenger, can someone tell if you have searched for something in the conversation?
What would happen if the web page I'm trying to post has no header?
Which is the best tool to post on multiple Facebook groups?
How do I get people off Facebook and onto my website?
Why would a guy undo his like on my Facebook photo?
How do I know exactly the amount of time I am spending on Facebook every day?
Does Facebook really impact your business?
Facebook was founded by five people. Why it is that Mark Zuckerberg is the CEO & not any other?
How do I extract all of my Facebook Messenger messages for each person (ideally via API)?
How do I get Facebook to enable my payment method which was disabled?
How did my competitor get so many local valid Facebook likes when they rarely post?
How can I access my husband’s Facebook account?
I'm using Incognito mode for Google searching but Facebook still shows ads relevant to my searches. How is that possible?
How should I regain lost years of friendship on Facebook (for friendversary) after blocking and then unblocking someone from my friends list?
What are the struggles or the toughest times of Facebook and Google companies?
How do I see newly added friendship posts on Facebook?
Why is my Facebook profile page still appearing while it is already set for deletion and my account should be already deactivated?
How come when I search a name on FB under suggestions on a person’s page, the name won't show up, but it shows up under their list of friends?
What is the best way to upload a picture to Facebook?
Should I stop posting status updates in Facebook if I don't get enough likes?
When Facebook started, what was its purpose?
How do I know whether someone read my Facebook message if he/she has no Facebook Messenger app?
What do I learn for a job with Facebook?
What are the best dimensions and resolution for a Facebook event banner?
Do common users more often use Facebook or Google authentication when they register for a mobile app?
How do I know my friends blocked me on Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat?
What is one secret about Facebook?
Do your Facebook friends know what groups you join?
How do I find potential terrorists by analyzing their Facebook activity?
What could be the problem with my Facebook Messenger data consumption?
What is the best form of software to capture customer feedback from different, multiple sources, i.e. Twitter, Facebook, and other surveys? Does it exist?
What will happen if a rule is made to link your social account (Facebook, Twitter, Quora, etc.) to your Aadhaar card?
Why is Facebook popular when there are other social networks?
How do I export a long Facbook comment thread into an editable format for publication? (Keeping the same "look" as the thread has on Facebook)
What happens to all the data if a company like Facebook goes bankrupt tomorrow?
How can Amazon Affiliate Marketing be done on Facebook if my page audience is global?
How can I check whom my girlfriend has been talking with on Facebook?
Why would my ex boyfriend add me on Facebook?
How do I find the exact time I have spent on Facebook in the last 30 days?
What would be the problem if I'm having high CTR (+5%) and low conversions on Facebook ads?
What are the pros and cons if you make a habit of checking Facebook only once a day?
How can we increase our Facebook post likes?
Should I use a personal FB account for business marketing?
What are some privacy concerns when using Facebook?
So many young girls baiting themselves on social networks. Why?
Can I add my Facebook & Instagram page on my Android app without getting banned?
Do you know a website with a marketplace that lets people sell articles on their website/Facebook?
Why are Muslims who bash Modi like anything on Facebook so quiet on Quora?
What do IITians have to say about these lines floating on Facebook these days?
How can we get access to anyone's texts or Facebook account?
What does the thumbs up sticker in Facebook messenger mean?
Is Facebook News Feed a kind of runaway AI?
Why does Facebook show me "This feature isn't available to everyone right now" when I click the "How do I verify my page" link in the help center?
Will it ring if you call someone on Facebook Messenger if that someone is on a call?
Are they going to start charging for the use of Facebook by Saturday, May 27th?
Which is the post on Facebook from personal account containing maximum likes in the world?
How could one monetize Facebook's new camera effects platform? Is it possible to add links to the information bubbles?
How can I be completely offline while using messenger?
How do you make the crying emoticon for Facebook?
How do I stop using Facebook, WhatsApp, my phone and computer?
How can a memorialized account just have joined Facebook Messenger?
How​ do I ask a girl​ for​ casual​ sex on Facebook?
How can I increase my fan page's Like count to over 100k?
What should Google or Facebook users be willing to pay so that it would be more profitable to charge users directly vs collecting user data to target ads?
What is the quickest way to increase Facebook engagement?
Why does Quora make me auto follow all my Facebook friends?
How do I get my email marketing subscribers to connect to my company's Facebook page legally?
What happens to the articles saved in Evernote and Pocket if the original page gets deleted?
Does Facebook messenger use data when you have wifi?
How can I make a post for “word of the day” for my Facebook group?
How can I get my Facebook back?
How do I know if I’m blocked on Messenger?
Does the average Facebook/Google engineer make at least $300k?
Is Messenger available in Spain?
Why do we use Facebook?
How can I retrieve my Facebook account from an old phone?
How can I make direct contact with Facebook help and support?
Where is Freeman Samson on Facebook?
Why am I getting "People you may know" friends suggetions on Facebook that are clearly in Arabic/Russian?
Is there any way to tell if someone has the Facebook app?
When will I know if someone can assist me in getting back my Gmail accounts & back into Facebook?
Are Facebook ads the best way to reach early adopters and users for a new app?
Is the war between Facebook and Snapchat a fake one?
What are the chances that Facebook will be blocked in the US?
How do I unblock a friend on Facebook who blocked me?
Why can't I secret message with just one particular person on Messenger?
How can I promote a Facebook page using the Facebook ads manager?
Would it be possible if you deleted a Facebook conversation to get a copy of all the messages from the other user?
How do Facebook reporting pages work?
Did Facebook get rid of smart lists?
How is Mark Zuckerberg so good at learning?
Why am I getting topics in my news feed that I haven't selected?
Where can you view nude photos from Facebook?
How can you tell if you have been unfriended on Facebook?
How do I allow my Facebook friends know I'm on Instagram?
How can I see my wife’s FB messages?
Why is it that when you report a fake account on Facebook and the person uses a fake ID to bypass Facebook, it does not get disabled?
Can you see see how many people viewed a post or picture on your Facebook fan page, if it's not posted by you?
Will Facebook be interesting if I have no known friends?
How do I make a YouTube cover photo?
What are the proper dimensions for a FB live custom thumbnail?
How do I post a picture on messenger to my Android gallery?
How did Facebook provide security when they first started?
How do I make a "connect with Aadhaar" button for the purpose of signing up just like "connect with Google or Facebook"?
How do I find my Facebook contacts on Pinterest?
Did Facebook abandon the Groups app for iOS?
How important is it in 2017 to let users login to a new app via their Facebook account?
What could be the Facebook marketing strategy for an Elementary School?
How important is it to have a Facebook profile?
What are the best scientific magazines, blogs or Facebook pages in German?
Which books and websites do you suggest for studying for the Facebook data engineer interview?
Why doesn’t Quora provide an option of self-upvoting like Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, Instagram, or other social media?
How do I like a blocked Facebook image?
Why is Quora not as popular as Facebook, Instagram, and WhatsApp?
Should I directly ask a girl for a video call on Facebook?
Will you like, your fan from Quora more than, a fan from Facebook?
Is every Google and Facebook employee extremely talented?
Is Facebook’s Graph API free?
My FB posts gets good response in first 20-30 mins & after that its like nobody seeing it, not used to happen in the past, what could be the problem?
How do I export the birthdays of my Facebook friends in my 'Close Friends' list to Google calendar (just the close friends list, not everyone)?
How can I get an e-mail address of a Facebook account that is hidden in its basic info on Facebook?
How do I create a memorable event on Facebook and Twitter?
Why can’t people mention me in comments on Facebook? They have tried using the @ sign as well. Facebook does suggest my name, but doesn't create a hyperlink.
Is it important for the Facebook profile to be old enough for filling up tutor profile at Chegg.com?
How do I login to my other Facebook account without writing my password on my phone?
Should I make my fitness app a Facebook Messenger app instead of a mobile app?
What is a good average time on page for engaging content?
What are some sweet things you can post on Facebook?
How can I hack someone’s WhatsApp account?
How did memes bring changes to Facebook?
How does Facebook implement endless scrolling in Android?
How can I get back into my Facebook account when I’ve done everything the help center asks and I still can't get in?
Does Buffer or Hootsuite post on LinkedIn, Facebook and Google+ groups at the same time?
Are the binary trade experts advertising on Facebook genuine? Do they trade on behalf of others or just go quiet after money is transferred to them?
How would a supplemental request look like if it's a friend fixing a car?
Does Chrisfield MD have a back page for escorts?
Who should I follow on Facebook in 2017?
How do I load pictures from Facebook to an Instagram file?
How do I show a certain page on Blogspot without a sidebar (for example, the privacy policy page)?
Are frameworks for quantisation of apotheosis like Quora, Facebook and Twitter the direction of future apps?
Why did my ex look me up on Facebook when he has a girlfriend?
On FB Messenger, some people's statuses say "active on messenger," but my friend's just says "Messenger." What does that mean?
How do I stop people suggestion on Facebook?
Is Chrome compatible with Facebook's Gameroom?
Have you seen good outcomes from Facebook ads, boosting ads/posts, and others?
Is Facebook really helpful and necessary for a CSE student?
How do I add other social network links to my Facebook bio?
How can I find out who posted a confession on Facebook?
How can I unlink an Instagram account that's not mine from Facebook?
Why does Facebook send me email about notification on my fake account where there is nothing to show?
Can I customize MailChimp forms on Facebook?
Is there any way to block the ads from playing between Facebook videos?
How do I create an ongoing event on Facebook through my phone?
How can I recover a forgotten Facebook email?
Is there a way to import Twitter followers into Facebook?
How are ongoing events created on Facebook?
Messenger Day is not working on my phone. Why?
What is S.Q.U.A.T.S group on Facebook how they train?
Is there a social network better than Lykup? https://lykup.com
Why is the degree of blue color in Facebook app is not the same degree in Messenger app?
How can I find out who's looking at my Facebook account that's not on my friend list?
If I'm searching my husband's profile and I see the same person in his friends list on Facebook, what's the reason?
How can I invite more than one Facebook friend to join a group?
Is it possible to trigger feeds from an external app to Facebook's user feed based on geography and without users subscribing to the feed itself?
If I make a video ad for Facebook and have 50 friends react to it via a link I send them, will that help somehow with the Facebook algorithm?
Why shouldn't I join Facebook after my board exam?
How do I find out who my girlfriend is chatting with on Facebook?
How can I find people (is there a search function) via Facebook or Instagram that are living in New York?
What are some reasons why you would leave a friend request pending instead of declining it?
What happens when someone tries to log into your Facebook with the wrong password if you have a 2-step verification?
How many mobile application developers work on apps like Instagram, Telegram, Facebook, Airbnb, and WhatsApp?
I think my Facebook account is hacked, but I can still access it. I find unusual activities in my account. How can I be the only one using my account?
How do I promote home business in Facebook?
How can we check our Messenger chat and calling history?
Is it distasteful to share your political opinion on Facebook and Instagram?
Which AI company is acquired by Facebook recently to grow its chatbot market against API.AI?
How many entities are there in the Nametests Facebook app, and what are they?
Why can't I send another friend request to a user who declined my first request?
If we make a picture that we are tagged in our profile picture on Facebook, will the existing likes add up to our profile picture?
Can I use Facebook’s public Niagara Falls images, or do they come under copyright?
Who liked BizWiser on Facebook?
How do I generate leads from Facebook, LinkedIn, etc. without using paid ads?
How can I change the privacy settings of my posts on Facebook so that the public can see them? Why can't I find the "Public" option anywhere in the privacy settings?
Does Facebook log comment deletions?
Why can't anyone see my friends list on Facebook?
Why is building a website like Facebook very hard?
What is a good giveaway idea on Facebook for makeup products?
What is the use of a page ID on a Facebook page?
Why isn’t Mark Zukerburg the richest person, when he owns 24% of Facebook, which has a market cap of $433 billion?
What tool/script should I use to comment to all my sales posts on FB in order to bring them up?
How can I know the address of a person doing Facebook?
How can I use my Facebook group page to sell likes?
Why would somebody block me on Messenger, but not on Facebook?
Is Facebook going to charge in the future?
How can I collect the materials of a project in one place to be available for the other members without using Facebook?
How do I create a culture of stop asking use case?
If blocked on Facebook, am I blocked on Messenger?
What does it mean when the little blue icon stays white with a check mark on Messenger?
Can anyone make money on Facebook?
What does it mean if my message request on Facebook is delivered - does that mean it has been accepted but just not read yet?
Why won’t Facebook Messenger let me unblock someone? Is there a limit on how many times you can block someone?
How do you decide what Facebook friends requests or suggestions to accept?
Should I discuss politics on Facebook?
Is it possible to trace someone's IP chatting on Facebook?
Why do I never get Facebook friend suggestions?
How does performance change with percent of lookalike change in Facebook audiences?
Is it possible to remove all my Facebook friends with one click?
How can I re-publish my Facebook page with 900K followers? I've already sent an appeal, but it was denied.
Is there any Indian who did an internship in Google/Facebook/MS/etc after their sophomore year of engineering?
How could someone bring Google or Facebook down? And I mean down for good, not only with hacks!
How much money do I have to spend on Facebook ads to get 1,000 views on my website?
Why do people like common pictures as opposed to glamorous or more meaningful pictures on Facebook?
How do people in Google see Google engineers using Facebook in office hours?
Does the admin of a Facebook page get to know that I invited people to like his page?
From the daily, weekly and 28 days data that Facebook provides, which one would be more relevant for my monthly Facebook page performance report?
Can I hire someone to make me famous on Instagram or Facebook? If yes, then how do I find them?
A friend started popping my chat bar, I didnt check her profile or messaged her, Does that mean that mean she checked my profile?
Why does the ZenPad 10 distort Facebook Live videos, and how do I fix it?
Is it possible to set up PHP or JavaScript codes in a Facebook profile and track visitors?
Is the popularity of Twitter and Facebook symbolic of a banal narcissist culture in which illiteracy has become the norm rather than the exception?
What are the best dimensions and resolution for a Facebook event banner?
What are your thoughts on Facebook advertising?
What is the site to check everything I share on Facebook?
How dangerous is Facebook newsfeed?
Should I accept a Facebook request of a friend of an old friend?
How do you stop getting notifications for other peoples' status and location updates on Facebook?
Why don’t I get likes on Facebook?
How do you prevent someone from accessing your email?
How can we generate more traffic from Facebook?
How do I know when my friends come online on Facebook’s new version (89.0)?
Was there a need for a "Like" button in Facebook?
How likely is it that Facebook and WhatsApp will be blocked by ISPs?
In WordTornado, in the game room on Facebook, how do I type the letters instead of dragging them when I am on my laptop?
How can you delete your inbox messages on Facebook?
Does anyone post little things (articles, comments and such) on certain people’s Facebook pages just to get a reaction?
Can others tag my name even though I deactivated my Facebook?
How can I delete my Messenger account created with my mobile phone?
How does machine learning improve advertising in Facebook in terms of revenue, CTR and/or average dwell time?
What is the best course to learn Facebook Ads?
When will there be more dead people on Facebook than living ones?
How do I use the same WebHook for multiple messenger apps/bots?
How do I create a blog in a group as my business Facebook page?
Do WhatsApp and Facebook play an important role in the IITJEE cutoff every year?
When someone is showing activity on Messenger, does it mean they are chatting?
How do I remove contacts from Messenger forever?
How do I see a sent request?
Does Facebook use FTP or cpanel?
Should I post my drawings on Facebook?
After the checkpoint ID verification, Facebook logs me into a new empty account. I have two accounts with one email. How does this happen?
Does the League of Legends API give Facebook basic information associated with a player?
How do I make best use of Facebook?
How does Facebook target and attract SMB advertisers to use their platform? What kind of channel marketing strategies do they employ?
Do media organisations receive any revenue from Facebook/Twitter for providing them with a newsfeed?
Why are some mobile app updates kilobytes in size, while others, specifically Facebook, are upwards of 35MB with almost every update they push out?
Is a Facebook account necessary to open an Instagram account?
Why doesn't Quora ban all Facebook users?
What is the best way to advertise music on Facebook?
Why does Facebook count a video view of only three seconds? Isn't that a bit deceptive for advertisers?
Someone I know posted pictures of me on Facebook. What can I do about it? Facebook has not responded to my complaints about this. Who polices FB?
Is it possible for a software engineer to retrieve Facebook deleted messages?
How can you tell if someone is on a call on Facebook Messenger?
How do I create a Facebook account without getting disabled again and again?
Do you have to be Facebook friends with someone in order to Facebook message them?
How can I find who I have friended on Facebook?
How can I determine what to use for my Facebook or LinkedIn profile?
Can you login to your Instagram business account with a linked Facebook account if you forget your password?
When do you think Facebook will launch its augmented reality social platform?
How do I create an account in Facebook yellow account?
I was denied access to a site saying account service was limited. The message was from siteground. What should I do?
Which website carries the most current information on Facebook marketing?
What is your review of the GateOverflow website and Facebook group?
When someone posts something to your general feed on Facebook, can you hide that post but let the person who posted it still see it?
Can I add my downloaded information from a second FB account into my current FB account?
How can I prevent my Facebook avatar from showing up in the comment sections of websites and blogs I'm not connected to?
When did you realize that Facebook is a waste of time?
How do change username of Instagram in Facebook?
Why do people use Instagram? Is it better than Facebook?
How much data is consumed in a video call via Facebook Messenger?
How do I go to my Facebook archive?
How do I know how many followers a company has on Facebook?
How do I create a photo uploading website?
How can I stop getting unfavorable posts in my Facebook newsfeed from my friends?
Why do people like a person's post on Facebook even when his state of mind is totally disturbed?
What is another online tool to discover popular news/viral news, other than Facebook Signal? Signal only opens for US journalists.
Why do people air their bad feelings towards a friend or relative on Facebook?
How can I view an old message from Facebook that I already deleted?
Why are some photos invisible in Facebook albums?
Is it possible to track your IP address or location from a Facebook comment? Can my location be tracked via comments I've made on Facebook posts?
How has Facebook's company culture scaled with growth?
Can someone be active on Messenger but have the active time stamp show they are not active?
What does a social network have to have to become successful?
Can a friend see the last time I was on Facebook?
Why do phone manufacturers not allow Facebook Live videos to be filmed in the horizontal format?
How do I transition a viral content Facebook page to a business direction?
How does Facebook’s 360 degree camera work?
How are your Facebook friends, family and acquaintances demanding?
Is there any other sailing social community besides Facebook?
Can I get my BSNL number back if I used that number 2 years ago? I urgently need that number to get back my email, Facebook, etc.
How could they create Facebook?
How do designers at Facebook feel about being asked to blatantly copy the UI and product mechanics of Snapchat?
How can I access the Facebook account of someone using my WiFi?
Can we follow a post on Facebook without becoming friends?
Where are the best places to promote your B2B content outside of LinkedIn, Twitter, Quora, Google+, and Facebook?
Do I get calls from Facebook Ads?
What email address is Jules Bonnot’s Facebook account linked to?
What naming conventions does Facebook use for its database? Why?
What would Gordon Miller have said about Facebook had it been presented to him 15 years ago?
It has been a month since I used Facebook and WhatsApp. Will this have any effect on me?
Can I receive a notification on Facebook via my phone that someone has sent me a message, but did not use Messenger?
Why is it in Facebook groups regular members and some new ones are able to join the conversation easily while some others are met with silence?
How do big companies like Google, Facebook, and Amazon generate test data?
What are the benefits of Facebook Live for businesses?
How Facebook valuation is done?
Facebook and Instagram's new algorithms make social marketing impossible without money. What's the next frontier of free social marketing?
How can we disrupt Facebook, Snapchat, Instagram, and Twitter?
One of my roommates accessed my phone and hacked my Facebook profile. He changed my email ID and phone number. Is it a cyber crime?
Are you using Facebook or any other apps or web contents in your native language and how matured is the language on internet?
Can you trust Facebook's data?
What is the best free Facebook bot to boost engagement?
How has Facebook's Reactions feature been received in 2017?
How do I find out what the highest rated place is that I visited on Foursquare?
How can alcohol brands like Jack Daniels advertise their products on Facebook?
Someone is using my photo and created a fake Facebook account. What should I do?
I need to access all Facebook business pages in an area and get its likes, comments etc for my app. How can I do it?
How do you spot a fake Facebook email?
How can I get into someone else's Facebook?
Why is the Internet gamified to be fundamentally inauthentic while conditioning us to be narcissists rather than adding educational value to the web?
How do I get enough response from Facebook users who are intended to study abroad?
How much time needs to pass so that Facebook will send all of your friends a notification that you posted something after a long time? Is it maybe 15 days?
How do you send and recieve hidden messages on Facebook?
Why does my friend tag me on Facebook by replying to a random comment on the post instead of just tagging me by commenting on the post directly?
How do developers use Redux in Facebook?
Are Instagram and Facebook harmful to teens?
How can I get a new “who liked” activity log (all in one/counted by numbers) on my old Instagram account?
How do I make a new temporary account on Facebook while having my main account blocked for some time due to violation of rules?
Are affiliate links accepted for paid ads on Facebook, Google and other search engines?
Can I bring down Facebook accounts with DDoS?
How long will Apple, Facebook and Google last?
If a fake Facebook account has been created in my name, then what should I do?
Who is the most popular person on Facebook?
How can I scrape hashtags from Instagram, Twitter, Facebook and other social media sites?
Is it possible to make money through troll pages / Facebook troll pages?
Can depression patients sue Facebook?
How can I show offline on FB Messenger but still be online?
How does Facebook know if the person is alive or dead? How is it sharing the memories message of a person if he's dead?
Is it just a coincidence that Mark Zuckerberg created a system of manipulating the population just like his grandfather did?
How do I get my friends list from the account that was disabled by Facebook?
Why can Facebook still not deploy effective real-time content moderation A.I.?
How do I flower react on Facebook?
What is the most effective source of traffic apart from Facebook?
What does the Facebook app Katana do?
How many of you feel that Instagram, Snapchat and Facebook have robbed you of our ability to live in the moment and make memories with loved ones?
Why do the majority of Millennials see invasive tech companies like Amazon, Google, Facebook, and Apple as their friends and want to kiss up to them?
How do I target people who visited a website’s page on Facebook Advert?
How is it that a successful Facebook ad will run really well for a while and suddenly dive, producing hardly anything?
What do interns at Facebook wear?
How is Facebook Marketplace doing compared to Craigslist (May 2017)?
How do I meet someone at Facebook who can help with my unpublished page?
How can I target leads on Facebook? Do I need to create a page for the business?
How much can a person earn if he has more than 10,000 likes on his Facebook page?
I have my Facebook account scheduled for permanent deletion . Is there anyway I can log into messenger without pushing my deletion date back?
Can we influence teenagers to use Quora rather than wasting time on Instagram and Facebook?
What are the best creative way to increase your presence on Facebook?
How do I show no friends on my time page?
Does YouTube video View count include views from Facebook shares and website embeds?
How can I see what date two people became friends on Facebook when only one is my friend?
What are Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube's target audiences for Googly Balloon Game?
What is a graceful way to delete my Facebook when others enjoy following my pages?
How do you reset a forgotten password and email on Facebook?
How I can follow my Facebook's friends here?
Why do some developers at very large tech companies like Google and Facebook write poor software?
Why do social media sites like Facebook and Pinterest allow users to download images while they have no copyright?
What are some of the Facebook tricks only coders can do?
Why do the Japanese seem to take a long time to warm up to new technology (e.g. Facebook, etc.)?
Which social media site is a major competitor to Facebook?
How does Facebook know who my associates are?
What does 40m mean, when it’s next to a name on Facebook?
Can I block or filter words on Facebook reviews?
How does Mark Zuckerberg justify his efforts to diminish privacy on Facebook?
Why would Facebook use SurveyMonkey when it already has a giant user base to send surveys to?
Should Facebook take down its live feature entirely after people have uploaded killings and suicides (and other atrocious acts I don't need to mention)?
Why is my Messenger app gray instead of blue?
How was Facebook made?
What version of the Tim Farron and voter story (4/5/17) is on your Facebook feed?
Have you ever reached a customer service representative with Facebook, for help with your Facebook business page?
When you block someone on Facebook, can you still see the profile of the person he/she is in a relationship with (on mobile)?
What is the code base for Facebook?
Does a human validate LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter profiles of a Quoran, before giving verified badges?
Why is a friend always stalking me on Facebook but rarely likes my posts?
What are the simplest tools for automated Facebook/Instagram ad campaigns? I know of Hootsuite, etc., but they seem to be overkill and complicated.
What would happen if the web page I'm trying to post has no header?
How do I respond if someone spells something wrong in their comment on Facebook?
How do I delete friends messenger?
Facebook was created as a desktop version and uses a MySQL database, then they made a phone version (iOS, Android). How do they use the MySQL database in iOS or Android to recognize their users?
Does FB Messenger also have a hidden status folder like WhatsApp’s?
Should I open my girlfriend’s FB account?
Why does Facebook create Instagram accounts for people that have not given their consent and who are unaware?
What will happen if Facebook is closed forever?
How can I get auto likes on my Facebook page likes, like 500?
How can you send a message to someone's inbox on Facebook?
Why is Amazon and Facebook going out of business?
With Facebook crossing more than a billion users, is it possible for a new startup to compete and win against Facebook?
Why is Facebook not allowed to use in China?
Which programming languages were used to create Quora, Facebook, Paytm, Flipkart, Amazon, Twitter and Gmail respectively?
One of my friends has put some anti-reservation comments on an anti-reservation page on Facebook. Now some people are threatening him to put a false atrocity case. Is this possible?
How do we understand the context collapse in Facebook?
Do you get notified when someone reacts to your message on faceboook? Do you get a notification when somebody else reacts to an old msg on Facebook?
Is there any software to hack Facebook (include illegal ways)?
Where do I find information or someone with experience on how to migrate a personal FB profile to a business profile page?
Why can't I see my photos and friends’ photos on Instagram and Facebook?
Why doesn't Facebook allow me to download my data to my app easily?
How can connections in LinkedIn be made without providing a Facebook email ID?
Was Facebook's beloved purple flower emoji only for Mother’s Day? Why? Why did they remove it?
If some people blocked me on FB Messenger, can I block them, too?
How can I recover my Instagram account which is not linked to Facebook?
How do I write great content for my fan page?
What does (Request $request) mean in Laravel?
Do Periscope and Facebook give an advantage to people to talk about anything they want indirectly rather than face to face?
How do I report Facebook hackers?
How do I embed an entire Facebook album to my website?
Is Software Engineering at Amazon much different from Facebook?
If someone untags themselves from a photo I posted, can I retag them?
What’s the most unique way to find socially influential students?
Is the Facebook Litho Android UI framework stable enough to be used in production?
Is it possible to create a Facebook page that searches and posts content by itself using Machine Learning or Deep Learning?
What happened to the Facebook Affinity Score?
What would be the best way to submit an idea to Facebook executives in order for it to have a good chance of being implemented by Facebook?
How do I change a welcome message on meetup.com? The help page does not reflect the options available on the page.
Is Facebook necessary for daily life?
Are there any survey tools that allow to grasp Facebook likes?
Were can I find one of Facebook’s media partners?
How long do you spend on social software every day (such as WeChat, Facebook, and Twitter)?
Can I change the emoji if someone has blocked me from Facebook Messenger?
What are some basic apps for maintaining a Facebook page?
How long does Facebook keep the details (such as IP address, etc.) of a deleted Facebook account?
What are payloads in a Facebook messenger bot, and how do you manage them?
Can I use the same bot that I use for my Facebook page to mine in-app Salesforce-powered chat?
Can I talk to somebody in Hong Kong using Facebook Messenger?
What are the reasons why I should switch to Google Allo instead of Facebook Messenger?
I have five years total from Apple and Facebook. Why am I not getting interviews from Google after applying?
Why can't I get an email confirmation in order to change my email address on Facebook?
How do I recover my Facebook account when I don't have my same phone number or email?
How can I use Facebook from the USA while in India?
How can I join you on Facebook?
How do companies like Google, Yahoo, Facebook, etc. store data so that the data is preserved even after their storage drives crash/fail?
Should India ban Google & Facebook?
Which one is more addictive: Quora or Facebook?
How can I make my Facebook impressive?
How does "trusted accounts" security on Facebook work?
Could I get reward points from sending money to another person on Facebook on my credit card?
How can one trace a Facebook account even if the phone being used is offline?
Why do my friends and family get more likes on Facebook than me?
Is the "last used date," for apps on Facebook really accurate?
How is the monopolization of the Internet by Google, Facebook, and Amazon destructive?
Why do random people on Facebook have thousands of followers?
Will you join Facebook if you joined Quora first?
Will I get in trouble for hacking myself on Facebook/Twitter/Quora?
In a Facebook post, someone referred to Obama as Diaper Boy. What is that?
Why will Facebook be blocked once net neutrality is gone?
Is there a way to embed YouTube videos in Facebook that will autoplay?
A friend asked me to meet after the exam, but when I called her afterwards she didn't answer and blocked me on Facebook. What could have happened?
Can I get another email address on the same account for my Facebook account?
What would happen if it is compulsory and a must for everyone to own a Facebook account?
Can “actual reach achieved” on Facebook Business Manager be more than the “potential reach”?
How do I target sons/daughters on Facebook?
How do I know the top influencers in Facebook in tech niche?
What does a small green light next to a phone icon on a person’s Messenger page mean?
How do Facebook page admins earn money?
Can I see chats from someone that's not my friend?
How could I find out the cost of a Facebook ad campaign that could reach 140,000 Facebook users in 1 year?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked “How am I doing?” and I responded “Great.” with a smile. What's wrong with that?
Is there a way by which I can delete all my previous content in my Facebook account?
How do I get a blue tick mark on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram?
Why do we waste our time on social media?
In Facebook, why do I see that one of my pages has groups and can create groups and link them?
Does Facebook read every resume?
What is the "username" feature for a Facebook page?
How do you compliment a girl's picture on Facebook?
Why should one stop using Facebook and Instagram?
When you message someone in Messenger and it says this person is not available right now, what does that mean?
How should I dig into AR inspired by the F8 event?
How do I find a friend’s Facebook username using their user ID number? Please be explicit.
How was your experience with Facebook at Work?
How do I be famous in Facebook? And get a lot of followers?
What are the pros and cons of being a friend of your lover on Facebook?
How can I add a Facebook close friend and family list as a shortcut?
How do I see Facebook photos using inspect elements?
How do you see a blocked page on IG?
Does Facebook still load old messages, when added into a group chat?
When will Facebook decide to deprecate stories?
How do I get a Facebook verification code?
Do you think spending too much time on Facebook can make you envious of others?
Is there a jailbreak tweak on iPhone to remove Facebook app news feed?
How do I create Facebook app like this?
How do I change my friend’s profile pic on any of his accounts (Gmail, Facebook, or WhatsApp) without using his password or knowledge - just for fun?
What would a guy think about a girl when she adds him on Facebook after they met only once?
Can I find friends in Facebook via their phone numbers?
What other reaction emojis would you want Facebook to introduce?
What is the best Facebook auto-like software?
Is Facebook generating any profit from 0.Facebook.com?
Where can you view photos removed from Facebook and Snapchat?
What are the positions in businesses like Facebook, YouTube, and such companies? What are their purposes (from servant to CEO)?
Is Quora's marketing team not as good as Facebook's marketing team?
Does Facebook try to limit the visibility of posts that contain complaints/grievances about Facebook?
I have a friend request notification on Facebook. How do I find out who the person is who sent the request?
How did Facebook gain new users in the early days?
Which is the best FB status for a selfie?
Did Mark Zuckerberg really need the 1B to invent/make Facebook, or could he have done it with, say, £1000?
Why am I getting duplicate Facebook icons on my phone?
What is the difference between Facebook, WhatsApp and Quora? In terms of addiction, are all of them the same?
How do I make Facebook trust my account and enable the postpaid ads for me?
How can you see who you have poked on FB?
Is it possible to use old versions of social media websites such as, LinkedIn or Facebook?
How should I go about recruiting people to help run my 18+ Facebook group?
Does Facebook control which comments I see? The top comments below the popular posts always seem to agree with my political views, and that's worrying.
Would Facebook get rid of its group feature?
Can I share a video from Facebook to WhatsApp directly?
What are the chances Google or Facebook would hire a foreigner?
Is Facebook tracking WhatsApp messages or getting search tracking from Google?
Are there any restrictions for advertising an Amazon listing through Facebook ads on either end?
How do I get my Facebook password back even when I have my original number on my account stolen but now I have another mobile number?
How do websites like Facebook and Twitter convert their web applications into mobile applications?
Does Facebook show the phone number which you have for account verification purposes?
Why are Indians not able to build a successful and popular social media website like Facebook, Twitter, Myspace, LinkedIn, Quora and many more that have millions of users?
Why do internet providers want to block Facebook once net neutrality is gone in the US?
Where can I find a Facebook post of this video, https://youtu.be/SBTW5NrCA0c?
...
Why aren’t Facebook reaction emojis animated on my Android (Marshmallow) device?
I am getting too many fake profile requests on Facebook since February, 2017. Is anybody else facing the same?
How do I put a text notification on my Instagram and Facebook pages?
What actually is Facebook's Flow? What does it help with?
How do I get 5000 Facebook friend requests in one day?
Is there a simple way to identify the original post or video ID in Facebook Ads Manager reports?
How much money would Facebook lose for a 10 minute shutdown?
Why is Facebook reading my private conversations?
Have Facebook and Twitter done a form of price dumping by offering services, that cost them money, for free to users to eliminate any competition?
Is there currently a US Army base in Accra, Africa? I have received a Facebook offer of romance saying that he is currently serving there.
What should I say to a girl on Facebook who is asking for my "exact" address (which I don't want to share) without hurting her?
Is Facebook Live better than Periscope?
Does the Facebook website use the same JSON responses as the app? On the website do they render all their pages on the client side?
How can I send a message that a person blocked me on Messenger?
Is it possible to add Facebook events to Google calendar?
How do I find influencers for cosmetics in Instagram and Facebook?
What should I do if Facebook is not working on Internet Explorer?
How can I hide my likes and comments from friends' news feed?
Who is Wornies? Why am I seeing Wornies in almost every Facebook post?
How do I get a reply from a girl on FB chat?
Will Amazon/Google/Facebook ever be overtaken by similar companies or are they permanent superpowers?
What is your opinion regarding the current quarterly results of Facebook Q1FY17?
How can one generate leads through Instagram and Facebook?
Can we (humans) expect a good life and living without social networking sites like Facebook, Twitter, Quora, WhatsApp and more?
How do I restore my old Facebook account if I forgot my password and email address?
Do people care about "likes" on their posts on social networks, like Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, etc.?
Facebook is hiring 3,000 to review videos of crime and suicide. Would you consider applying for this type of job and if yes, how would you cope?
How many, if any, North Koreans use Facebook?
In Facebook ads, can we target company names or company CEOs?
What is the current ballpark developer rates for simple Facebook Messenger Chatbots?
Can the police interrogate me over a post on Facebook about constitutional rights in America?
How can you tell if someone has deleted Messenger?
How else can Facebook make money apart of ads?
Is it awkward to send friend requests to your future classmates after you get into and commit to your dream university?
Why is there partiality on Facebook?
What do photos look like in Facebook data downloads?
Is it hard to be hired by Facebook?
How many posts should we post on a Facebook page every day?
How do I see all likers (people who have liked a page) on Facebook?
What will happen if I delete my Gmail account? Will it delete everything that I used my Gmail on like Facebook or sites that I put my Gmail in?
How can I remove a comment on Facebook?
Do Korean people change their Facebook profie picture in support of President Moon?
Will this Facebook advertisement be less expensive if I remove the "sign up" button?
If someone deactivates his account on Facebook, then will his number be visible to his friends?
Can Facebook identify who in my Android contacts has Facebook profiles, but check all my contacts at once?
What good name can I give to my Facebook page?
How do I secure my Facebook account when someone reports me?
How much time do Facebook take for account verification?
How can I find a holiday destination based on a Facebook profile?
What is better: to let guests know who are the other guests of a party or not letting them know that in advance?
After I was terminated, one of my old employees accessed my personal Facebook account via my old work computer. Can I sue?
I saw a girl on Facebook and was intrigued by her. I sent a friend request and also messaged her, saying she looks great. Is this how to approach people on Facebook?
How can I turn all my Facebook requests into followers?
How do I know if someone is on their phone through Messenger?
Do Facebook friends receive my posts?
If someone blocked me, but I don't block them, can they still see my timeline?
How would you know if your call had been rejected on Facebook Messenger?
What do the numbers on a Snapchat profile mean and how do they increase?
Why do the friends of old male friends from elementary school add me on Facebook?
Is there a tool that you can plug in a list of Facebook page URLs and get back a list of the corresponding number of Facebook reviews as well as star ratings?
What's the best way to auto-post to a Facebook buy/sell group?
How does someone hide their green dot on Messenger, but still say active now?
How much stock have Facebook employees received as of 2010?
Are Facebook users narcissistic?
How can I read a Facebook message without the Messenger in my Gmail?
How can I get my pic deleted from Facebook?
What is the average click per impression for Facebook ads?
What are best marketing models for video tagging applications like Facebook photo tagging which you can tag people in a video?
What can I use instead of Facebook?
What does circle with tick mean in messenger?
What was Mark Zukerberg, Evan Spigel and Jack Dorsey’s salary at the founding stages of their companies?
Considering the role social media has played in spreading political news lately, would Mark Zuckerberg have an unfair advantage if he ran for office?
How do I fathom if a Facebook phone interview went good or bad?
Why aren’t my messages sending to one of my Facebook friends?
My mum constantly posts photos of me on Facebook, how can I get her to stop? I'm sixteen and I've tried telling her to stop but she won't.
What is Facebook's Jest project?
Is there a way to download a video from Facebook which have been removed?
Why would a guy undo his like on my Facebook photo?
Can I make a Facebook Live video in a public area?
If you block a friend on Facebook, can they still see your page?
How do I remove email suggestion on Facebook log in on my phone?
Is there any group online which shares information about fashion on Facebook, and how does it work?
What do you think about Facebook Messenger?
What is the song used in Facebook's birthday recall videos?
What are some websites like Facebook that gives users an option to upload their government id?
Can someone see if you've deleted the Messenger app?
How do you receive Facebook messages on an Android without letting the sender get a blue circle (the one before “seen”)?
Does Facebook really impact your business?
How much should I charge to manage an Instagram and a Facebook page?
How do I increase a Facebook fan page’s organic likes?
How do I save campaigns in Facebook Ads Manager?
How can I take down a fake Facebook profile? It is harrassing me and I'm isolated and depressed.
Can I see whether someone views my Facebook account a lot?
Is there anyone on Quora who uses Facebook frequently but still maintains a good code of conduct throughout his day?
What would happen if Facebook removed or hid the contact button from the Messenger app?
How do I stop showing videos you may like on Facebook?
How do you access secret Facebook groups?
How can I grow my Facebook fan page without getting blocked, considering the Facebook restrictions?
What are the pulsing rings around the video chat in Messenger?
Does Facebook have a program to support startups building products in its ecosystem?
Why does it show that someone is active on Facebook Messenger when I'm not even Facebook friends with them?
How can I make Google photos my default download location for Chrome, Facebook and Twitter photos?
What is the strategy about optimizing related ad keyword classifications on Facebook?
How do I turn off the message preview from the Facebook Messenger app in iOS 10.3?
What are the struggles or the toughest times of Facebook and Google companies?
How can I earn from my Facebook page if I have 5000+ likes?
How can I play Clash of Clans in Facebook?
Can anyone use my Facebook account with the correct password without me getting any notifications on my account?
Facebook is available in 11 Indian languages, but I still don't see much use of it. Why don’t people use their native language on Facebook?
What are the major technologies being used in tech giants like Google and Facebook? I am from a programming background and currently working for Wipro.
Is it possible to fetch other users’ data from Tumblr?
Why is my Facebook profile page still appearing while it is already set for deletion and my account should be already deactivated?
How do I gain access to a Facebook account that I have personal information on but no password?
How do I pass username and password of Facebook in URL?
How do you hide groups on Facebook?
How do I respond to the question “Do I know you?” on Facebook?
Is Facebook’s Senior Director level a grade 9?
When Facebook started, what was its purpose?
Is posting a photo with a celebrity a violation of Facebook community standards, especially when they agreed to be photoed but are unaware of its use?
What should I comment on my boyfriend's photo on Facebook?
Is it true that Facebook earns more money by advertisement rather than through its application and products?
Why does Facebook allow livestreaming?
What does Facebook actually do when I mark that I ignored a friend request because I don't know that person?
How do I search for someone who is not on Facebook or Google?
How can I see who viewed my Vkontakte photo?
Whar are some popular Facebook pages or websites which post facts about different languages?
Can you tell if someone visits your Facebook profile?
Why did Facebook attempt to acquire Snow, a Snapchat clone?
If I get a referral from Mark Zuckerberg, do I still need to go through Facebook's technical interview?
How does Facebook determine what percentage of a user's news feed is ads vs. organic stories?
How many people post their shopping queries on Facebook?
Do companies like Facebook, Google and Amazon require university degrees for web developers?
Can someone who knows my Facebook password sniff my video calls simultaneously?
Can I invite followers on my personal Facebook account to like my business page?
What is the best alternative to Facebook & Instagram?
Are there any websites where you can anonymously buy and sell Facebook pictures which are not publically available?
Can I add all my Facebook friends to a group at one time?
Why are my favorites not showing up in Facebook Messenger?
How do I make it to the Big Four as a software developer?
Why do Facebook introduced and then reverted the thankful reaction?
Facebook has suggested my ex in People you May Know. Should I send her a request?
When browsing to my friend’s post in Facebook it has 78 likes and 1 share on the bottom. How can I find out who shared it?
Are Facebook and Instagram statistics about a promoted post really true?
Some friends of mine found my crush's parents on Facebook, should I be concerned of them messaging her parents?
What percent of Indians are busy on FB?
How do I respond to a plan in Facebook Messenger?
Is there an API for recent Facebook page likes that I can implement into a live stream?
Do my friends know if I look at someone's Facebook from my friend's Facebook account?
Why do we Indians always talk about love, like love story movies, in WhatsApp and Facebook statuses?
Where can you see the date of when you were blocked by a person on Facebook?
Patanjali are promoting their products on Facebook and YouTube, etc. which are platforms run by foreign companies. Doesn’t that go against their Swadeshi movement?
Can I get on Facebook without anyone knowing?
How do I find all the Facebook groups in my city?
Is Facebook trying to steal our information by asking us to log in onto other websites through FB?
How can I determine which images appear when sharing Quora answer to Facebook or Twitter?
Are these Facebook apps unsafe?
How do the top 6 friends on your Facebook profile work?
Where can I buy 'real' US Facebook fans?
How can I use Graph API to get Facebook profile data using Python, R, Flume, and Spark?
How do I read somebody else's messages on Facebook with out them knowing?
How do I see other people’s messages on Messenger?
What will the pros and cons be if the GOI bans sites like Facebook, Instagram, and Snapchat in India?
How can I make 2 Instagram accounts with one Facebook account?
What is the difference between Facebook addicts and Quora addicts?
Can I have a FB page with no one knowing about it?
How do we scale our current 13 Adsets Facebook (13 ads) targeting the same audience optimized by FB?
What can I do with Facebook API?
How do I edit my comment below a post on Facebook, but have it show as the original comment and not an edit?
Are the statistics on Facebook and Instagram about promoted post authentic?
How do I search content on Facebook?
Can I find a person on Facebook if I have an email address?
How does Facebook determine whether solid or gradient backgrounds are available for status updates and when?
Can I reset my password on IG if I forgot my email account and my phone number indicated on it doesn't exist?
Every time I run an ad on my Facebook Page, organic reach on regular posts plummet, and they do not normalize for a week. Why is this happening?
Why is my CPC on Facebook rising while my audience is not even half saturated?
Should I only run my Facebook ad during the hours most conversions occur?
Is it mandatory to have an FB account for a Quora user provided I do not have accounts in Facebook or Twitter?Is it stupid of me for not having so?
Did you start to visit Facebook less after you discovered Quora?
Is moving away from payments to pure ads a good strategy for Facebook Messenger?
How can I see who my girlfriend is talking to when using messenger and private messenger?
Why do Facebook friends who have deleted their accounts stay in your account?
What configuration is Mark Zuckerberg using as a primary development machine?
How did Jessica Su prepare for her interview at Facebook?
If it could be proven without a doubt that there is no God (for lack of a better word), what would happen?
Can I download 2 Facebook app?
How can I reset my Facebook password if I do not have the registered mobile number?
What is the meaning of “hmm” in messenger?
Do people use WhatsApp in Switzerland?
Would you find it worse to be blocked on Facebook or unfriended?
How much did Mark Zuckerberg earn from Facebook when it is was starting (initial amount in 2004)?
Why can't Facebook allow more than 5000 friends?
I have deactivated my Facebook account. I did this on my phone. But I can still log back in. Does this mean my account is not deleted properly?
What type of content can we post on Facebook’s company page?
How do I go from ‘connected on FB Messenger’ to ‘click here to invite’?
Someone is sharing pictures of my friend with a fake Facebook ID. How can we report it to Facebook and how can we trace that person?
Which are the best Facebook pages from Tamil Nadu, which will make you occupied?
Is it better to use the Instagram or Facebook advertising platform to get a higher install rate of a mobile app?
Will there be an end for Facebook news feed or Quora feed?
Why is it that I can talk on my phone about something, and within a couple of days, see some ads for it sent to me on Facebook?
What are the benefits of Facebook?
What percentage of Facebook’s​ code was written by Mark Zuckerberg?
If you publish on Facebook, do you get royalties?
Didn't Facebook realize that implementing the story feature in all their apps will just divide their users?
Why does the Telegram Messenger (app) famous in Russia and the Facebook doesn't?
How do I log into my Facebook account if I don't know my password or the password to the email I signed in with?
What is the best social media platform to gauge public sentiment: Twitter, Facebook, or Quora?
How do you find customers in Canada on Facebook?
Are the images sent over FB secure?
How do I prevent my Facebook fan page from getting unpublished after merging?
Why doesn't Facebook come up with (write) its own operating system?
Do you believe health should be free like Quora, Facebook, and Wikipedia?
Why does the camera on Facebook Messenger have circles around it, sometimes?
Is there an app to know who sends invites to my Facebook?
In the U.S., is it criminal to create a fake Facebook account and obtain nudes?
How do I recover my Facebook account for which I know the email address?
What will happen to Facebook and WhatsApp in June?
How do I find links of engineering students Facebook groups in any American universities?
How can I edit a Facebook post?
Does Facebook allow two accounts of yours, both with real name and correct info?
How are Facebook landing pages created?
How do I change my birth date on my Facebook profile?
Do Facebook, Spotify and other big tech companies use BitTorrent, and if so, in what way?
How good is Facebook marketplace for selling used electronics?
Do you feel that Facebook causes issues with cell phones not working properly?
Why did Facebook page posts organic reach decrease a lot starting April 2017?
If a person does not have Messenger and is not my friend on Facebook, how will they see my message?
What happens to your Facebook account if you pass away?
If two people block each other on Facebook, how can it be undone?
What will be the impact if Quora had emotions like Facebook/WhatsApp instead of upvotes (with features such as like, wow, smile, etc)?
Can I earn through Facebook pages?
How do I have a Facebook account that is free from political posts?
Is it true that you can request a copy of the file the FBI has on you by sending them a letter?
How is Facebook gaining ground in the display advertising market?
Why doesn't Facebook show me my likes?
How can I send friend request to the CEO of Facebook Mark Zuckerberg?
How visible are Facebook posts set to "friends only"? Can employers find them?
How do I discover my friends’ activity on Facebook?
Where can I find Facebook coupons (50$) for cheap prices?
How can I reclaim my company's business Facebook page?
Why do some words on my Facebook page look like this ⵜⴰⵣⵡⵓⵔⵜ when I sign in from Chrome or Edge?
How can I find out if one of my friend on friend list has more than one number?
Can someone possibly get a notification if Iook at their Facebook a lot on my account?
Do China and Russia have their own version of Facebook?
How can I find similar Facebook Fanpages (free tool)?
Why do celebrities and others choose to use Twitter more than Facebook to share ideas and other content?
How different is Facebook Android app compared with other native apps?
Is a person blocked on Facebook Messenger blocked on Facebook, too?
How can I access my ex girlfriends Facebook from my iPhone when she is in a different state?
Why are the Carousel images getting blurred on Facebook? The dimensions are above 600x600.
How I can undo my deleted chats on Facebook?
Where do I view my friend list?
Can I add friends of my friend on Facebook? What does he/she actually think?
Will companies like Facebook, Uber, and Airbnb survive in the market for the next 20 years?
When Facebook disables an account, does it ban the account or that person? And are those users allowed to create a new account?
Is there any IPM aspirant I could get in contact with via Facebook or any other means?
Why don't Quora have auto translate like Facebook or Google?
How long would it take to scroll through Facebook feed if you were friends with every user?
Are we allowed to add teachers we had on Facebook and speak to them?
Do you think Discord has the potential to transform into a large social network?
How many followers do I need to attract adverts for my Facebook page?
What Social media sites to use instead of Facebook for daily usage?
Why don't Indian boys make American girlfriends through Facebook?
Can Facebook be replaced?
Why does Quora allow users to have a different name from their Facebook accounts?
What are “autolikes” in Facebook?
Why can't I see the details of someone who is not my friend and who was last active on Messenger?
Is social media like Facebook good for your own development?
How can I send a request to a person on FB, when it keeps on showing 'send request to known person only' but I know that person?
What is the best and easiest method to make a public interest message viral on Facebook?
Does the FCC regulate the Facebook videos?
Facebook has around 2 billion users. Why are they still doing marketing via ads? Do they really need any advertisement, as every child knows about them?
Is there any app for Facebook that when a specific person​ comes online I get notified​?
What will happen if my old Gmail ID is linked to my Facebook account, and I deleted it?
Is it illegal to use someone’s wedding video that you shoot for marketing purposes on FaceBook/YouTube?
Why is there no Swadesi website similar to Google or Facebook in India?
How can I stop or mute a Facebook video embedded via JavaScript SDK on my own page (my page is in my own domain)?
Where is the best place to post funny images in hopes of them going viral?
How do you activate a disabled account?
How do I recover my deleted Facebook messages?
How one can gain Facebook page likes?
What is meant by "you have a friend suggestion”?
Does Facebook pay for its users to create a page or a group? If yes, then how much?
What does a Facebook ID with a -0 after it signify?
How can I find out if my wife is cheating, with Facebook and chat lines?
Why won't Facebook or forum sites be blocked without net neutrality?
Some parts of the conversation disappear from the Facebook group chat. Why is this happening?
Can Mark Zuckerberg read celebrities' Facebook chats?
Why am I being asked to add someone to a Facebook group?
How do I guess if a data engineer phone interview for Facebook went good or bad?
Where can I find out more info on Facebook spaces?
Can anyone verify my Facebook page?
Why does a narcissist man make his Facebook profile public then go private?
What is the official abbreviation for Facebook Instant Articles? FIA or FBIA?
What app has full page advertisements that pop up at random? The ads almost always lead to company Facebook pages. It does not show up in scans.
How can I transfer a Facebook session from my iOS device to somewhere else?
How can you call somebody through Messenger if you are not friends?
If 2 Facebook accounts have been deleted permanently, then what will happen to the chat conversations, including photos, between those 2 accounts?
How much do I need to spend to get 10,000 likes on my Facebook page?
Is Facebook good for you?
Is it possible to change the SMS content of Facebook Account Kit?
Which is the best tool to post on multiple Facebook groups?
What are the best comments for a mother’s profile?
Do people hack Facebook or Google to fix bugs? Or is there any other way to fix it legally?
What are the characteristics of passive aggressive Facebook posts?
Facebook Ads: what interest group would be best for people that have recently purchased a TV and may need installation? It's so broad.
What is the basic difference between Facebook and other social sites which makes Facebook very much popular and others not?
What would be viable antitrust strategies against Facebook and Google becoming/already being a digital advertising duopoly?
How do I delete archived messages (chat logs) on Facebook?
How can I open a Facebook Chapter at my university?
Is Facebook down right now May 25, 2017?
Why would a good guy friend block me from Facebook? I've known him 20 years.
Is there a way, in 2017, to import Facebook comments (from a blog post with Facebook comments) to the original WordPress comment system or Disqus?
How can you see how long someone has been friends on Facebook?
Who should I target my Facebook ads to in order to get new customers if products are mystical products like horoscopes?
Which is the best free Facebook lead management software?
A person is asleep, but his status is constantly changing from ‘active now’ to ‘active "x" minutes ago’. Is this happening because he's receiving messages, or is he lying?
How do I know if someone I am not friends with on Facebook received my message on Messenger?
Is Facebook slowly becoming a digital country with Zuckerberg as its leader?
How do I make payments for Facebook sponsored posts through Paytm?
What did Facebook & Snapchat do in its first 12 months for marketing and user acquisition?
Can I recover a deleted Facebook chat?
What do I text to a girl whom I have seen everyday before sending a friend request?
Would you have had the foresight to join Facebook if Mark Zuckerberg approached you and asked you to help him create the world's largest social media platform?
What is Facebook's core competency?
How is game theory used in real life applications by tech-companies such as Google, Facebook, Amazon, Microsoft and others?
Is there a tutorial for making a Facebook chat bot triggered by a page's post comments?
How many people use Facebook in Turkiye?
If celebrities don’t have personal Facebook accounts, how do they have a Facebook page?
If somebody hacked my Facebook and ended the log in session afterwards, would their log in still show up in my archive?
Can I download all of my Messenger information?
What would happen if Snapchat integrated Facebook login?
Is YouTube live feature copied from Facebook live?
When did Facebook become irrelevant?
The OBC NCL certificate prescribed by IIT has two pages. At the time of uploading the documents, do I have to upload both pages?
What is this ad on Facebook for?
Does Mark Zuckerberg's mom tell him to concentrate on Facebook?
If you just launched Facebook events 2.0, what metrics would you collect and how would you know if the launch was a success?
Is it advisable to combine a personal Facebook account with a business one?
Who pays for posts on Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, etc?
How do I know my friends blocked me on Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat?
Are you friends with Tyler Garman Art on Facebook?
Would you have invested in Facebook in 2004?
What makes someone choose one form of direct messaging over another? For example, why choose Facebook Messenger, Instagram Direct, Snap Direct, or WhatsApp?
Have you heard about minds.com?
Why do women accept friend requests from men on Facebook and then don't want to chat with them?
Can Quora be an alternative to Facebook and Twitter for students?
Why is Facebook going to be banned in the US?
How do you go from being connected on Messenger to saying ‘click here to invite’?
Does Facebook or any other social media site monitor our everyday life?
How do you place a countdown clock on a Facebook page?
How can I get more GoFundMe page views? I have shared with all Facebook friends and Twitter.
Who approves Facebook ads: Bots or humans?
Can I earn money through Facebook?
Are all the stories on Facebook about human trafficking near misses real or fake?
Does Balaji Viswanathan have a Facebook account?
Who has my girlfriend recently added on Facebook?
What does Facebook not monetise shopping on the platform through commission like Amazon does?
How many accounts has Facebook disabled?
Why isn't Facebook showing my contacts anymore?
Can I make a truly 'public' Facebook live (see details)?
What is the eligibility criteria for getting off campus placement in Google, Facebook and Microsoft?
How do the companies like Google and Facebook recruit, and how can you know their exam dates?
This girl I have a crush on accepted my Facebook friend request only about 2 hours after I sent it. Does that mean she likes me?
How can Facebook choose people to show you in 'people you may know'?
Is there a system of posting “Happy Birthday” messages on Quora as in the case of Facebook?
Since the web has matured a little bit, are we doomed to live with monopolies such as Google, Facebook, Amazon, and LinkedIn for decades to come?
What are the technical reasons behind some Facebook notifications coming much later than others?
Who can see comments written on Facebook pages of celebrities?
Is it impossible to get a lot of friends on Facebook?
Does permanently deleting your Facebook account also delete your group posts and comments in groups that you are no longer a member of anymore?
Why are people on Quora posting their personal photos and making it another Facebook? Why doesn’t Quora’s administration put a stop to it?
Is it possible that Facebook’s membership numbers will decrease in the next ten years like it did for Yahoo Messenger?
What is the adoption rate of Facebook in India?
Is it unethical to gain Facebook likes from suffering one?
Can you check your fb messages?
Will Facebook survive once the US gets rid of net neutrality?
When a Facebook page I follow/like host or co-host an event, will I receive a notification?
Why is Facebook not allowing me to add a description on my page and also place a website, etc.?
How do I know who’s viewed my video on Facebook?
Can one post nudes privately on Facebook?
How do the Facebook, WhatsApp, and Instagram applications make money?
What is India's biggest Facebook group?
How does a Facebook post get embedded in a WordPress blog post?
How do I open my old Facebook account if I forgot my password and email address?
How can I write bold letters in a Facebook post?
How can I use a mobile number to search for a Facebook ID?
If a company’s Facebook posts are not being shown, what can the company do to be seen by more of its fans?
How do you analyze the structure of "Is it us, or are news headlines about Facebook's impact on our health popping up more and more these days?"
How can you login without a code on Facebook?
Can we find our lookalike on Facebook?
How do I delete my fb account permanently?
What do you fear most about mind/thought reading technology?
One of my non-Muslim friends is not accepting my friend request on Facebook because I have reverted to Islam. What will you say?
Why is it when I Unfollow a page on Facebook, but don't Unlike it, I still see its news on my newsfeed?
How do I share an image on Facebook to WhatsApp?
Why won't Facebook load the remainder of the photo album instead of just giving me the spinning cursor?
Can someone receive an invite to join messenger from a deactivated Facebook account?
How can you tell if someone is talking you privately on Messenger?
Why does Facebook let you collapse comments of people that you follow but not friends?
Should I setup a separate ad account for Facebook Traffic and Remarketing?
I created a Facebook page, but I put a new admin on it. So, he removed me from admin and blocked me. Is there any solution for me to get my page back?
How do I send Facebook to WeChat?
What data can you pull from Facebook's pages without being an admin by using Facebook API?
If Facebook forced you to scan your passport for them, would you do it?
Will Facebook be deleted by itself if I didn't deactivate it, and also never try to open it?
How can I sort my Facebook notifications by unread?
Which Facebook groups are the best for video marketing advice?
Do you think Snapchat will last?
How does Facebook chat work in PC and phones?
How do you tag someone on Facebook?
Has your Facebook Page ever been stolen?
What tools do you use in hacking Facebook account?
Is it possible to attach Facebook album to a website?
How do I share movie trailers on Facebook?
How do I get access to Facebook Stories and Messenger Day?
How are some AMP-enabled posts, or Facebook instant articles, showing my email in their subscription boxes?
Which platform can help you to approach and acquire clients more effectively - Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, or Twitter?
Why is my Facebook profile on Tinder? I have never used tinder before and never even heard of it.
Does the number of friends a person has on Facebook reveal anything?
People tab on messenger(iOS) is loading, nothing appear and there is no active people shown, what am I supposed to do?
Can we restrict the voting rights of members in a Facebook group?
How do I link comments from my previous post to a new post?
How do I add a community tab on my Facebook page?
How do some Facebook users set picture as a background of their Facebook text status? Note that I don't mean color/gradient but actual picture.
Should one join Facebook or Instagram?
Would a web/mobile developer interview at Facebook/Instagram require heavy ds & algorithms?
Why would I get a push notification if one of my connections liked a post (not my post) on LinkedIn?
How many views is a Facebook post likely to have per share?
How do I find a USA active Facebook group?
If you have two separate Facebook accounts (as a company), is it possible to migrate the pages owned by each account to one account?
How can you drive traffic to an eBay or Amazon listing using Facebook?
Someone has hacked my Facebook account and posted something obscene. I want to change the password, but forgot my present password. How do I change it?
How do I check Facebook login status in Android?
What percent of Messenger users are English speaking?
How can I get more shares on my Facebook videos?
What is the simplest way to share an FB video to a non-FB user?
How do I un-archive a Facebook contact (conversation) to the inbox (desktop)?
How can I unlink a logged out Instagram account from my Facebook page?
How do I see “Friend Request Sent” on Facebook?
Do you feel annoyed that when you see Facebook telling you that an offender does not violate the standards of racism and violent remarks of theirs?
Henry Froelich asks: Is it liberating to have a Facebook account with no friends, just post publicly so that anyone can see, and comment?
How do I invite people who are not present in my Facebook friends list to like my Facebook page?
Can I expect to get a job in companies like Google, Facebook, etc. if I take CS at Sikkim Manipal University?
Does it leave a poor impression to start a conversation with a coworker you like on Facebook than in person?
How do police deal with cases related to Facebook IDs that were deleted 2 years ago?
What is the easiest way to embed Facebook photos as a slideshow on my website?
How do I send a WPF file on Messenger?
Can I access my WhatsApp via Facebook?
Is there any way I could find who visits my Facebook profile for free?
How do I know who my secret profile visitors are on Facebook?
How can I send Facebook notifications to other Facebook users?
Would Facebook's ParlAI scale to RDFS or OWL?
Does Facebook use Redux?
How do I remove the phone number from my FB account?
How do I get rid off of using Facebook?
How do you get Facebook page likes for your new startup page?
How do I delete a Facebook account which I don't use?
Why is the green dot after the phone icon on Messenger not shown for everyone?
What is the process to live steam cricket match on a Facebook Page?
Why is it easy to get likes on Facebook but hard to get upvotes on Quora?
What happens when a message is deleted when it is in with a single tick on Facebook?
Does Facebook feel a long-term threat to its viability and brand? Does it recognize that emerging social media platforms are stealing market share?
How can I join tech giants like Google, Facebook, MSFT as college dropout in India? And what salary can I expect?
If I customize who can see posts I'm tagged in on my timeline on Facebook, can they still see it in their newsfeed?
Approximately how many verified accounts are given by Twitter and Facebook on a daily basis?
Can being active on Messenger also mean someone is scrolling through their feed or watching videos, etc.?
If I delete my Facebook account, will my sent pics get deleted from the conversations?
How do I find US-based Facebook Fiverr groups?
How can I make humor/meme content go viral on social media?
How can hide my friend list on Facebook using an Android phone?
What would cause me to stop being able to see when someone is active on Facebook Messenger? Would they have to have blocked me?
After a relationship ends, do you block or unfriend the ex on Facebook?
How do I search many Facebook groups at once?
Why is Facebook getting boring?
Does Google share its big data with Facebook?
How do I increase the spending limit of a Facebook page?
How do I verify Facebook in India?
What is the size of a Facebook cover photo?
How do I create a Facebook web page HTML?
How can you make your Facebook stand out?
What is the best way of counting the number of words in a given Facebook group?
How do we know how many page likes or post likes can we get with a budget of $500 for Facebook ads lifetime budget?
How can I get my Instagram account back without using my Facebook? I have forgotten the password.
What language is Facebook Android app written in?
How do I make my Facebook page more popular among women?
How I can recover my Facebook account because I forgot the password?
Does everyone get Facebook stats on their page?
What's the difference between hosting and co-hosting a Facebook event as a fan page?
How can I know my friends on Facebook who never like my posts? I don't want to unfriend those people who keep liking my posts.
I have two accounts linked on Messenger. Will it show active for both accounts even when only one account is being used?
How old is Facebook?
What would happen if Facebook were to shut down for 1 hour?
Why don't I see the Facebook explore option in desktop and only in Facebook application?
How do I find who uploaded a photo first on Facebook?
I keep getting friend requests in Facebook from people (real ones, not fake) I haven't met, should I accept them?
Can I export pictures in the comments on a Facebook page?
I've 3 pages with the personal profile, I claimed one page to the business manager and I want to restore it to my personal account, how can I do it?
Why don't I see GIFs on Facebook?
Why do profile pictures of guys in WhatsApp, Facebook, etc. include their girlfriend while almost all girls will not have their partners' photo included in theirs?
What BlueKai data does Facebook collect? Are they cookies-based?
How can I report an FB account?
How do you target fans of other fan pages in Facebook ads?
How do I extract all of my Facebook Messenger messages for each person (ideally via API)?
How can I search someone on Facebook?
Can I be notified if someone searches me or my Facebook page?
How do we extract mobile numbers from our friends on Facebook with the help of an Android device?
How many days is Facebook disabled for?
Is Facebook trying to discourage the use of Instagram by introducing "News Feed Direct Message" and "Facebook Stories"?
What is the highest rank available on Facebook Tetris?
How much more likely are people to like a Facebook comment that includes a "thumbs up" emoji in its text?
How can I bring back accidently spammed chats in Messenger?
I have a tech page on IG called @samsungblog_ that has more than 80k followers. How can I make money from that? I also have 3 more tech pages with 30k
Can I get alerts showing me how long I have been active on Facebook and Facebook messenger?
What does the camera next to the phone with the green dot on Messenger keep blinking for?
Why doesn’t my Facebook message to someone have blue ticks, even if he is online?
How am I supposed to help a friend whose Facebook account has been hacked?
What "new" business idea would you give these companies to expand their business: Amazon, Netflix, Apple, Uber, Facebook and Twitter?
How can I get more likes in Facebook group?
Is it possible to get a Facebook blue badge on a media page with 3.9k likes?
How do I scrap (get) the full list of shares on a Facebook post?
Can WhatsApp be hacked with a Facebook password?
Why has Facebook not acquired TripAdvisor yet?
Is it possible to resize images/media on my Facebook feed?
How can I add a custom E-book cover to a PDF book?
How much is spent on Facebook advertising, on average, by a small scale business?
How does the Facebook “Suggestion” part work? How do they suggest friends?
Can you catch someone with a fake account on Facebook?
What charges can be filed against me if I violated someone's privacy by going through someone's Facebook account?
Should I send a friend request to a musician on Facebook? He's kind of a celebrity. I'm a fan of his music.
How do I get Facebook to remove a fake profile using my father’s identity? Reporting hasn't worked.
If Mark Zuckerberg became president, would he be consider the most powerful man alive?
Why are most of the people switching from Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, etc., to Quora?
I added someone to my contacts, can they somehow see that they are on my contacts using Snapchat?
Is anyone having issues with Facebook Ads, Ads Manager, or getting their ads reviewed? My Facebook ads are not getting reviewed.
There are so many ads about the ‘No. 1 Internet Marketing/Marketer’ on Facebook. Which one is the most reliable and true?
China's protective market has created competitors to Google, FB and Amazon. Should other countries follow so as to cultivate homegrown companies?
If someone were to have a jackpot idea like Snapchat or Facebook, would it be relatively easy to make a business out of it?
Which social networks have the best comments under the comment model?
How do I get fake followers on a Facebook fan page?
What is the biggest free classified Facebook page in Bangladesh?
How can I get the blue mark on my Facebook profile?
If I block someone on Facebook, will I still see their "likes" or comments on future posts by mutual friends?
Isn't the social media like Snapchat and Instagram making today's youth more pretentious?
How do I find out who has seen my comments on a photo on Facebook?
How do I see if someone blocked me from seeing their post but I'm still their friend on Snapchat?
Why do people not support your posts on Facebook?
How do I market to a specific segment of the population on Facebook?
What is the age to use Facebook?
What are the best practices to build an awesome Facebook Shop page?
How do I block someone from seeing my FB page?
How do I get back into my Facebook account if someone changed my password?
What are Facebook texts?
What accounts for Facebook's decline in popularity?
What would be life after quitting WhatsApp and Facebook?
What should I fill in the "website" section on Facebook?
Can I share a Facebook page event on LinkedIn?
Have you ever tried to troll anyone online while chatting?
How do I change unpublished Facebook posts to published?
Why can’t India make Google and Facebook?
How do I open my husband's FB account in my cell phone without his knowledge?
What is the best reply if a stranger abuses me on Facebook?
Is there a way to tell what targeting options people are using to serve you a specific Facebook ad?
Can someone can view if I send pictures in messenger?
What is the idea of sharing news or website posts on Facebook with an instant power sign? Is that so that they can get loaded automatically and read instantly?
Why would someone make private their relationship status on FB? Especially when you can link to their partner that says married?
How can I make an auto-reply in my Facebook account?
How can I log in to Gmail or Facebook knowing only my username using an inspect element?
Why do so many of my friends miss my fb messages?
What are the pros of being on Facebook? We have all read numerous answers on the cons already.
If I unfriend someone on Snapchat and went on private then back to public setting, will they still be able to see my stories?
What are the best uses or features of Facebook?
Why can't I view the profile of a person that Facebook says I'm already friends with?
Is there an iPhone app that combines SMS, email, and Facebook messenger in one inbox?
What softwares & platform does Google and Facebook use to create marketing materials?
How can I know the IP address that hacked my Facebook or Gmail?
Why are some (maybe many) people 'not' using Facebook/Twitter? I’d like to understand their angle as well.
What is the most expensive country in which to advertise on Facebook, in terms of CPC & CPM?
Can one get malware by visiting a real Facebook page?
Can you Suggest me some hacks of Facebook?
Should I add a guy I like on Facebook?
Can I follow back links from Facebook and Google Plus?
How do you find your favorites on Messenger?
How do I share HTML canvas to Facebook using Facebook JavaScript SDK?
How can my friends’ friends see my post on Facebook?
How can I find my first Facebook?
How can I report hacking on Facebook?
How can I effectively delete my Facebook profile picture?
What is Facebook's code review process like?
How do I set up a Facebook ads campaign targeting people suffering from injuries?
How can I get a brand endorsement for my Facebook videos, if they are seen by 1lakh people on average?
How can I be benefited by using Quora instead of Facebook?
Why do people say Instagram is for close friends and Facebook is for everyone?
What are your thoughts on Facebook's Two-Person-Live feature on Facebook Live?
Why do I get suggestions of my contacts on Facebook when I have not linked my phone number to the account?
How does Facebook get data about professional Dota matches?
How can I know if someone used my Facebook account without my permission?
How do we post live video on Facebook from a mobile?
Is there an app I can use to delete one entire year of Facebook post, while keeping other years intact?
What are some of the questions asked in Facebook interviews?
How do I find private profiles from my fiancee’s Facebook account?
Why did Facebook take back the 'Thankful' flower emoticon?
Which is the best group on Facebook for puzzles?
How can I cancel a pending request on Facebook?
Which is a better option to promote a home based business? A Facebook page or a blog?
Does Facebook pay for most followers?
How can you tell if someone is messaging someone on Messenger?
Do you think Facebook is becoming YouTube's younger sibling?
How do you feel when you are at home and see a pictures of a group of friends on Facebook or Instagram?
Is there any app which help us to see who has checked our WhatsApp and Facebook profile?
Is Mark Zuckerberg egoistic?
What is a unique name for an Instagram page about nail art?
How do I get on Facebook if it's blocked by the wifi?
How do you show your life and your value and promote yourself on Facebook, WeChat, and Instagram in a normal or special way, especially for your goddess?
Why doesn't Facebook take reports seriously?
Is there a Facebook page for Steven Olnhausen?
What is the best way to report a Facebook page with more than 100,000 followers, and is there a specific number of Facebook users to report it?
How can I display Facebook album on my website using different layouts? (Grid, Masonery, Slideshow etc)
How do I transition a viral content media Facebook page to a business direction?
How did Facebook earn money in its early stages?
TamilRockers is one of the piracy websites. They are interacting with the people in Twitter and Facebook. Can the cybercrime department do something?
Do you think Quora is more addictive than Facebook and Instagram?
How do I use Facebook and WhatsApp on a Blackberry Z10?
Can a candidate go through multiple recruiters for Facebook or Google at the same time? Do they see each other's candidate history?
Is it legal for someone to keep a deceased family member's profile on Facebook active after that person has died without noting it in their profile?
Why did the icon marketplace on my Facebook account suddenly disappear?
How can we counter a point where someone says its not a bad thing (could be anything like, social networking etc.) in itself if it's used properly?
Is it a good idea to send my former teacher a friend request on Facebook?
How do I view a person’s profile on Facebook after they message me?
Where should I make a complaint for any wrong post on Facebook in India?
What is/are the best programming language/s to learn, if you want to work in Facebook or Google?
How do I find the direct link to a specific post?
How can I browse Facebook anonymously?
Which one is very important in Facebook marketing: page likes or post engagement?
Is there a way to safeguard your Facebook Custom Audiences in case your ad account gets disabled?
Why do people say that Facebook targeting is amazing when I can only select age, gender and interests?
Is Facebook interesting for BtoB marketers?
Facebook has used my ID to do verification in the past, how long does it keep a copy of that ID and how do I remove it?
What is the best social analytics tool for managing and measuring 30+ Facebook, Twitter and Instagram channels at the same time?
Did Mark Zuckerberg die?
What do I do with a Google Tracking Code and Facebook Pixel?
How do I stop my Facebook addiction?
Is it common for Facebook and Google users to distrust the companies and feel helpless about it?
Why does Facebook specifically not allow you to untag yourself from other people's comments?
Why has the search functionality on Facebook buy-and-sell groups been removed?
How can I create impressive posts on Facebook?
Can you see your Facebook password on messenger?
I deactivated my account. Will she still get my message?
Can we get a Facebook users list from a particular location using an FB API?
Is there any way to search a Facebook account​ by the uploaded pictures on that account​?
How do I check my Facebook archive?
Why does Facebook keep rejecting my ad?
Why do giants like Google and Facebook spend money on advertising?
Can any idea eliminate Facebook in the future?
What are the creepiest things Facebook has ever done?
What do Nigerian men think about Immanuel Ifediata's recent controversial Facebook posts about underaged girls?
What is a fan page in Facebook?
What do you think of Facebook's new "mind-reading" technology for typing?
What can we expect from Facebook TV this summer?
What will be Facebook's next step after a report of an account hack is made? How long does it take? What is Facebook’s customer care number (India), if one exits?
How can I delete shared content in Messenger?
If a reporter is a type of journalist, and news is defined as noteworthy, am I a journalist if I post on Facebook something relevant to my friends?
Why do I still get notifications from Facebook when I have deactivated my account?
What is the best practice for really short term advertising on Facebook?
How do Facebook collection ads work?
Are there any good sites that I can market my credit restoration business other then Facebook and Instagram?
Could any Facebook password be difficult to hack?
How can I make people comment on my blog mainakiwiri.WordPress.com using their Facebook accounts?
How do I unfollow all of my friends on Facebook and just follow pages?
What is the salary for interns at Facebook in 2017?
How can I find my friend’s mobile number on Facebook without asking him?
Why do leftists block people who were against them on social media? Is it considered bullying?
Why has Google+ failed to triumph over Facebook?
How do you know if your friend on Facebook Messenger is on a call on Messenger?
How can I set up a FB page for a nightclub promoter?
How do I implement news feed for social network?
In what way can a Facebook Messenger bot help a college?
How many registered users does Facebook have in 2017?
How can I get close to someone on Facebook?
Should I put my ''concepts'' of a UI/UX redesign for sites like Spotify, Facebook etc. in my portfolio?
If you accidentally like someone's post then deactivate your Facebook account, do they get a notification?
How can I advertised to married mums who are NOT in employment on Facebook?
Why is the monopolization of the Internet by Google, Facebook, and Amazon destructive?
How do I keep videos playing in the background, on Facebook, which I've started?
Does Facebook use lossy data compression techniques?
Are there any products that would work similarly to a private Facebook group for running an app pilot for teams of 50+ users? For feedback, support, etc.
What happened to the Norinder Mudi page on Facebook?
If a friend marks your message unread, will I still see the "seen" after?
How do you deal with frenemies on Facebook?
How do I find out who is behind a Facebook page if they have not identified an admin and they do not reply to a message request?
Is there not a Facebook Page Template that features Events and Groups?
How do we integrate Facebook with CI?
If I bought one share of Facebook and the company increased in value by 10% two years later, how much would my single share be worth?
Is Facebook eroding journalism?
How do you stay connected to real life and not get lost in living for the next social media post?
How is Facebook reading my iMessages?
What developing app (e.g. Java, Python, Swift) was used to make Facebook?
Why are Pakistanis not as active on Quora as they are on Facebook?
Should you keep your enemies on Facebook?
Can I earn with Facebook videos?
Where can I find someone who can help me spy on my spouse’s Facebook and text messages without his knowledge?
Will Google and Facebook create an alternative to the concept of nations through connecting, augmenting and virtualizing the world in their AI ecosystems?
What do programmers at big tech companies like Google, Facebook, etc., eat and drink to support their productivity (snacks, drinks, etc.)? What besides coffee do they consume?
Who gets unfriended and blocked online and what do they block you and unfriend you for?
Is having a Facebook account cut off worth sharing your ID?
Which picture tagging algorithms is used by Facebook and Instagram?
How can I hide my Quora account from my Facebook friends?
What's stopping Facebook from building their own search engine and/or browser?
How many hours per day does a social media manager need to activate and surveil Facebook and Twitter campaigns?
How can I implement the Facebook login iOS when the steps are very vague?
Can a message on Facebook be traced back to me if I used a fake profile?
Someone hacked my Facebook account and changed my profile picture. What can I do to fix this?
How can I change my Facebook account to be my work account?
Is there any way to lock an application (say, WhatsApp or Facebook) on the iPhone 6?
How is Quora reading my Facebook profile even though I made it private?
How do I check someone’s post on Facebook if they have a blog?
Has anyone on Quora recently deleted their Facebook account, and did doing so improve his/her quality of life?
What are the steps of building a Facebook messenger bot which will store data in a self-hosted database?
How many people or companies are working on trying to unseat Facebook as the dominant social media platform?
How do I get to know the best time of launching a blog while running a Facebook page?
Why does Facebook ad experts do not share some of their success secrets/tricks?
Why is Facebook business page taking more than 1 week to approve the products?
How can we earn money through Facebook in India?
What type of programming language should I learn if I want to make a social media platform like Facebook?
Can I still use Messenger after deleting my Facebook account?
How did I verify my Facebook page with a mobile phone?
How do I retreive my password for Facebook without using the old verification?
Will companies like Facebook, Uber, Thankeyou and Airbnb survive in the market for the next 30 years?
When will moderated sites like Facebook, Quora, etc., acknowledge that posts in denial of anthropogenic global warming are essentially fake news?
Is Facebook's intention to implement Delegated Account Recovery instead of passwords adding more security to your account or compromising it?
How do I use Baybayin in Facebook?
Is there an app that can help you see someone's Facebook profile if you’re blocked?
How can you make an invitation on Facebook?
How do I increase the likes on my Facebook instantly?
Is it a crime to hack a Facebook account?
How much do Facebook page admins earn?
My crush's birthday is tomorrow . He has kept it hidden on Facebook. Should I wish him?
Can I have Facebook to send me my password to another email?
To what extent can a Facebook account can be kept deactivated so that afterwards it can be recovered before Facebook permanently deletes it?
Why do people only send happy and travelling photos on WhatsApp and Facebook? Why don’t they also send some when they are going through some bad phase?
Can a tech company sell user's data to other's without adversing?
In which quote or pic do you want to tag your computer engineer friend on Facebook?
Can I legally publish 3rd party articles to Facebook Instant Articles if I credit the author?
How do I show my workplace on my Facebook profile?
How can I invite people who shared my post to like my Facebook business page?
Why have people started deleting their Facebook accounts?
Why does Facebook have such a horrible and poor programming design?
Why does Facebook not show Arnab's new channel Rebuplic as a trending topic?
Does Facebook hate Google?
Should I be back on Facebook?
Why are these companies paying such huge amounts to their interns?
What are some good Christmas Facebook statuses?
Which software does the Facebook page "poisoned thoughts" use for creating posts? What is some great software for creating similar posts?
When does Messenger show when someone is online? Can Messenger show who is online without opening Facebook?
Is there any popular English social media app like Facebook or Twitter which has not yet been banned by the Chinese government?
Why do Facebook notifications still make sounds even after I turn off "Play a sound when each new notification is received"?
If someone's Facebook posts are not shareable and they wish to change this, what do they do?
How​ can I find a fake Facebook account​?
Is it possible to partner with a Facebook page with lakhs of likes for the promotion of my website in return for 20% of my AdSense income?
How do I write posts with attractive English on Facebook?
How do I unfollow everyone on FB?
Shouldn't Quora have its own messenger like Facebook as it's irritating to go to the message option everytime to read & reply to each & every message?
Which is the most important company among Facebook, Google, and Apple?
How eseential is Facebook for professional networking? (I plan to do my MBA this year, haven't really felt the need of getting on Facebook till now)
How many of your friends shared today on Facebook stories?
How can I change my Facebook name to one word?
Do celebrities have two Facebook accounts?
What are some little known Facebook stalking techniques?
How can I contact Facebook via e-mail?
Where on Facebook Messenger can I find the date I blocked someone?
What are some other chat sites like Facebook?
What is the best social media marketing tools to schedule posts for Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Pinterest and Instagram?
What is the software from which Facebook is programmed?
How do the telecom operators block WhatsApp and Facebook in Kashmir? Is it possible to bypass them via a VPN?
Which algorithm or library did Facebook use to make their voice calling clear?
Why can’t I like any page on Facebook?
What are some of the cutest Facebook proposals?
How do I set up a Facebook marketing campaign targeting the parents of teens?
Can you save pictures from Facebook to your phone?
How do I recover my password for Facebook with no email, phone or password?
Is there any way we can convince the guys who own Facebook that their Messenger is trash?
How can one make his FB page popular without promotion?
How can I find friends by DOB on Facebook?
How I can make friends from Australia aside from Facebook?
What is the approximate number of daily "likes" and "reactions" exchanged on Facebook?
What was your reason for deactivating Facebook forever?
Who recently deleted me from Facebook?
Why won't my brother friend me on Facebook?
How do I message verified people on Facebook and Twitter?
How can I save my uninstalled Facebook and WhatsApp data from others?
Is it possible to request all Facebook events in a certain area to use on a different website?
What is the best way to increase your Facebook followers without paid advertising (not including usual stuff like hashtags or groups, etc.)?
How do I know if my Facebook friends are not following me?
Is there a way to get my Quora "reading digest" on Facebook or in Google Now where I'll see it rather than as an email?
Why wouldn't ISPs block Facebook without net neutrality?
Why can’t I save photos from Facebook to my gallery? My phone is like Lenovo A1000.
How can I improve my Facebook page https://www.facebook.com/emailingbirds/?
Do you think running ads on Facebook to drive leads to my virtual hosting affiliate site is likely to work?
Can someone work at Facebook only with freelance experience?
Is Facebook planning a system that can read your mind?
Why does Instagram know my Facebook friends even though the two accounts were never connected?
How can I report a bug to Facebook or Google or any website or app?
What is the process large product organizations go through to prioritize initiatives?
How do I store data in Android when the user is registered with Google/Facebook?
How can I transfer an app through Facebook?
How can I know my forgotten Facebook password without my email and my confirmation code number?
If a Facebook account is deactivated, will it still add friends to your account?
Should Facebook disable their live feed video given that it's been used lately to show live murders?
I blocked someone on Facebook after I sent them a message. Will I still know if they read the message I sent?
As a realtor's new assistant, I need to manage marketing online using MailChimp and Facebook. What can I post about?
Which is the best Facebook ad type to acquire new customers for my eCommerce site, reach or brand awareness?
Did Mark Zuckerberg create the Facebook website alone? How?
How do I invite (add) people to my business page/group on Facebook if I am not connected with them on Facebook?
What is the legality of selling goods online through Instagram or Facebook pages in Nepal? I know it’s illegal, but is there any way to check with my government?
Why there are no companies like Apple, Google, Microsoft, Facebook, etc., in India?
Why do some interesting Facebook groups I follow (and that post often) rarely show anywhere near the top of my feed?
What is Quora really? I typed a question into Google only to find I had an account here; I am not kidding, my old Facebook profile picture and name were up.
I cannot see Facebook verifications when I am logged out. How do I fix this?
My rapist has sent me a friend request like nothing happened for the 2nd time. What should I do?
How do I set GIF/slideshow as profile pic on Facebook?
How can I talk to Facebook for help?
I told my fiancée we shouldn't be friends on FB. Not for immoral reasons. Is this right thing to request if I need a little space?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a relation to Nate Zuckerberg, a deceased friend of mine, who was the developer of "Zuckerberg's Terminal" in Saddle Brook, NJ?
Could I say that " I'm the upcoming Mark Zuckerberg " to Mark Zuckerberg?
How do I add clickable Instagram links in my Facebook bio?
What are the disadvantages of using Twitter Digits or Facebook Account Kit?
How do I stop overusing Facebook and Instagram? I keep on scrolling through them, even though I need to stop.
Facebook: How do I get auto-likes on a Facebook profile picture?
How do I find the location of a Facebook profile?
Why can I not accept more than 5000 friends on Facebook?
How can I share a post with my friends on Facebook?
Why doesn't Facebook provide the ad recall rate for campaigns with a reach objective?
How do you delete shared photos on Facebook Messenger?
Is there any FB liker which works?
Why do many people on Facebook request likes for their posts?
How can I bring back my brother’s memorialised Facebook page?
Why have you decided to make your birthday public or private on Facebook?
Say I run a fidget spinner dropship site. While advertising on Facebook, what should be my target audience?
Are there any Malayalees working at Facebook?
When and what was the reason behind you permanently deleting your Facebook account?
What are some other websites like Facebook?
Is there any remote possibility that if you're chatting from your laptop/PC on Facebook that it will show 'sent from mobile'?
What is the difference between instant replies to anyone and the “Show a Messenger Greeting” on Facebook?
Is tourism in China marketed through Facebook?
Is it true that government can monitor our chats like WhatsApp and Facebook or SMS?
How likely is Facebook going bankruptcy?
How do I survive without using Facebook, Instagram, and/or WhatsApp?
What are the products of Facebook? Why do they keep recruiting when their product is saturated?
How would the Facebook look like and function, if it was found by a Pakistani?
On what basis do Facebook comments appear at the top?
How can I read my husband's FB's secret conversation messages without his knowledge and without any password, and how do I open it in my mobile?
Can I target specific names for Facebook ads?
How dou you deal with passive aggressive Facebook posts?
How should I settle my Facebook account?
How famous do I need to be to get my Facebook profile verified?
Is it OK to ask your interviewer at Facebook for feedback?
What are some examples of IT Project Management’s best practices in large companies like Amazon, Facebook, etc.?
Does employee engagement with a company’s Facebook page damage its ability to reach potential customers?
What’s a nice and appropriate comment for a girl's photo on Facebook?
How do I unarchive a conversation if the person has already deactivated his/her account?
How effective are Reddit ads compared to ads on Facebook and Google?
When's the best time to upload a Facebook profile picture for maximum likes?
How can I find out when and where a Facebook account was created?
Can I replace a Facebook video without losing the likes?
Can I find out if anyone had unfollowed me on Facebook?
How long does WhatsApp keep deleted photographs on their servers, or does WhatsApp keep deleted media?
How do I find out who my non-friends Facebook followers are?
Is it normal for a couple to constantly flirt with each other and praise each other on Facebook walls when they could do it via a private text?
Are there enough potential users with VR gear for Facebook Spaces or is the project launch premature?
How much money would Google/Facebook/Microsoft give if you hacked them?
What are some Facebook or Google Plus groups and communities where I can promote my spa, which also gives massages?
Are you that one person who sends game requests on Facebook to everyone? Why?
How do you get the purple flower button on Facebook?
How do I become friends with someone I'm Facebook friends with?
When did you realise that Quora is better than Facebook?
Why is Messenger sending invites from me to unknown people?
Do Facebook or Instagram use Firebase?
What are some of the creative ways companies curb Facebook addiction of their employees at work?
Should I create a separate account for my company on likedin?
How can I see less news from people and more from pages on Facebook?
I have deleted a recent message on Facebook with a friend but the contact is still on the top of my message log. How can I rearrange?
How do I report an unapproved use of a credit card for an ad campaign by a hacked user on Facebook?
Could I scrape the profiles of my friends (in an Excel file) on Facebook? If so, how?
Instagram doesn't recognize that my Facebook business page exists. How do I fix this?
How is access suspended to a site in a particular country? For example, how did Turkey block Wikipedia, or how did Egypt block Facebook?
How do I know who has shared a post I posted on my Facebook page?
Facebook unpublished my page but allows other pages similar to mine to remain published. How do I resolve this with Facebook and who do I contact?
Can I know someone's Facebook fanpage name through his/her Instagram business account?
Is there an e-commerce platform that is a Facebook app?
Did Tab Ruffin block me on Facebook?
How can I go on my messanger without opening my Facebook account?
How do I impress a girl on Facebook through chat whom I don’t know?
Is life at Quora more beautiful and colorful than at Facebook?
How do I get my old Facebook account I deleted back?
Are sites like Facebook actually limiting the whole idea of the web and the internet by monopolizing it?
What if Facebook and Google never existed?
What's the most interesting social media post you've ever seen?
How do I unblock a message from a friend on Facebook after deleting the conversations?
Is it a good idea to get Shutterstock photos for free from Facebook then resell them?
Why did you change your profile picture?
What is the technology used to create closed groups on websites like Google, Facebook, and Quora?
Do celebrities have personal Facebook accounts?
How many customers does Facebook have?
Is there any simple method to go live on Facebook via recorded video?
Are there any browser add ons to alter Facebook functionality?
How do I shut a hacker, who manages to get back in even with repeated password changes and increased security, out of my Facebook account?
How do I appeal Facebook blocking outgoing links to my website?
If you blocked a former friend on Facebook and they wanted to know why, what would you say?
How does Chatous hack Facebook invites?
How do you prevent messages on Facebook altogether? I don't have Messenger. My chat is turned off, but it still comes into the inbox. I don't want them.
If I comment on my comment on Facebook, will other people who've commented on my comment receive a notification?
How is it that I log into Quora with my Facebook credentials, then the next day my profile has been suddenly altered?
How can I block Facebook’s ads review system?
How do I know if someone viewed my profile on Facebook?
How do I can delete a like from my post?
Why did Zuckerberg start Facebook?
How do I know exactly the amount of time I am spending on Facebook every day?
What are some media marketing prices for various social media sites like Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Pinterest, etc.?
What are some smart ways of purging one's Facebook friends list without coming across as a jackass?
What demographics use social media?
Do questions on Quora such as "what are you wearing right now?” likely indicate the 'Facebook crowd' is infesting Quora?
What should I do when someone is killing my group on Facebook using an admin account?
How do you feel when people don't reply even after seeing your messages on WhatsApp or Facebook?
Which is the best social media site: Facebook or Google+?
How can I get on my old Facebook account without my Facebook password and without my Gmail password?
I'm using Incognito mode for Google searching but Facebook still shows ads relevant to my searches. How is that possible?
Why do people confuse Facebook with the internet? Why do they think Facebook is the internet?
Is Facebook using lambda architecture?
What is the best payment method for Facebook ads from Nepal?
What should I do if I want to work at Google or Facebook at any cost?
What are the things you wished a chat messenger should have?
How can I reset my Facebook password without email?
Why is there no mobile version of the Facebook Friends feed?
How much does a social media agencies charge?
What's the FB URL for on the page saying "SECURITY WARNING: Please treat the URL above as you would your password and do not share it with anyone"?
How can I get deleted WhatsApp and Facebook messages through someone's phone?
How can I see the full list of my read books on Facebook?
Why in some Android (M) devices, while video calling on Messenger, isn’t the option of face filters applied through the (* type icon)?
Is there a way to get the Audience Insights from the Facebook pages of my competitors?
Why is Quora quickly becoming like Facebook? Are we Indians responsible for its deterioration in quality?
Does Facebook really pay people to hack into their systems and help them find loopholes?
Facebook unpublished my page because of a false copyright report. Facebook accepted the report was false but will not re-publish my page. What now?
Can I go live on Facebook and Twitter with only my computer, as I have no other devices?
How is Facebook able to not let the technology scanner softwares to detect the technologies it is using?
How can I get my Facebook account back after being banned? I didn't do anything to violate their rules.
Can we get money if we find mistakes in Facebook?
How can I get flower react in Facebook?
How often are the Facebook Pixel events (stats) updated in the Facebook Ads Manager?
How do I search public posts on a specific date on Facebook?
Why is there no sound when I shoot a video for my Facebook story?
What is the billing threshold on Facebook, and why do they charge extra?
How can I verify my Facebook account without Gmail or phone number?
How do I find someone with a fake Facebook account and email?
How can I know anyone’s Facebook password?
Why would Facebook stop showing me my crush's profile, though I never sent her a friend request/message, I just want to browse through her pictures?
Does anybody use the autoliker for FB and feel content with it? Why or why not?
How I can check what is trending on Facebook?
When the green icon is green, does it mean you’re active on Messenger or active on FB?
Why does “map my peeps” show up in Facebook notifications?
When making a new account after my Facebook account was disabled I am logged out and asked for a selfie. Has anyone else experienced this?
Is it possible to make your cellular data look like it's coming from somewhere like Facebook, or receive your data through Facebook?
Why won't Facebook add my images when I share my post?
Has anyone hacked the Facebook website and wrote his own content?
What can I do to counter all the fake Facebook accounts and bots spreading fake news?
How can I make a birthday card on Facebook?
Why won't Facebook load?
How I can re-add a contact on Facebook Messenger after removing them?
How do we physically unsubscribe to all of Facebook, like forever?
Why do people still use Facebook? Why don't they try Masspal?
Why can't I connect my Facebook account to Twitter?
Would it be better for a website that promotes local events to have one Facebook page for each city or a single page for the entire business?
Is it possible to see time stamp on Messenger of someone I unfriended?
Am I able to merge two of my Facebook pages even if my account is temporarily blocked?
Can someone hack my Android phone if they know my Facebook ID?
Can someone know if I save any of their Facebook photos on my phone?
How do you remove the block list on Facebook? I don't want to unblock the users, I just don't want to see them on the list and on Facebook.
Why do people commit suicide live on Facebook?
Is it fine that I'm not checking my boyfriend's Facebook and WhatsApp?
What is the meaning of :D :V in Facebook?
Will Snapchat sustain with competition from Facebook?
How do I unsubscribe from Quora via Facebook?
How can I hack my boyfriend messenger?
Would Facebook allow a PM to work from home 1-2 days a week?
How can I remove a green dot from Facebook?
Has anyone analysed the political leanings of Facebook users?
Why am I getting phished out of my Facebook account?
How do I delete messages from Facebook forever?
What is the site that allows you to know everything you share on Facebook and generates links from our profile URL?
What are other pastimes, apart from Facebook and obviously Quora, which is on the top of my list?
How do I stop believing that posting to social media is attention seeking?
How do I get rid of boost post messages on Facebook pages?
How can I see the timeline of the person who blocked me on Facebook?
What would World War II have been like if we had Facebook and Twitter?
How does Facebook’s people suggestions work?
How can I delete Facebook messages from someone on my friends' list? How can I report an account in order for it to be closed forever?
How can Facebook ruin good friendships?
How can I turn on the chat notification in Google Chrome while using Facebook?
How do I estimate the costs for different Facebook ads?
Does Netflix sell your viewing data to Facebook and Instagram?
Can you get the phone number of a friend just by using the Messenger info?
How does Facebook keep track of which people have seen a post in a group?
How do I know if someone is stalking me on but anyway other than appearing in the people you may know list caus I've deleted him accidentally?
There are so many ads on Facebook. How can I get them all to stop harassing my life?
What if my wife has made a fake Facebook account to stalk someone?
What is the ad budget for Facebook?
Are there any websites where you can find some nice Facebook contest materials and ideas?
How do I login into Instagram if there is some suspicious activity on your account, you forgot your recovery email password, and Facebook doesn't work?
Can I send Facebook a photo ID to recover my Facebook account?
How do I find potential customers (for x) based on their Facebook activity?
How do you see your friend's location on Messenger with the red dot?
All of my Facebook friends are unfriending me. Why is this happening?
How do I find friends on Facebook by interest?
Why did BSF dismiss Jawan? Why did the messenger get killed instead of the message?
How do I share a Laravel 5 blog post (custom title, image, URL, and summary) on Facebook?
If a fake Facebook account has been created, what should I do?
Can we track a person's Facebook profile by copying their Facebook profile link?
What is best way to earn money with Facebook?
How can I use Facebook to make my app popular?
Facebook disabled my account. Will other users be able to see it during the verification period?
Is it important to be on Facebook?
“I see the world in terms of what I would like to see happen, not what actually does.” page number in book?
How do I find a cell number on Messenger?
How can I upload pics from Google Photos to Facebook and Instagram?
Will there any social networking website bigger than Facebook?
How can I delete a profile from Aisle?
What do you think of Facebook's improved Marketplace?
Why have my Facebook page's net likes dropped so suddenly after I stopped using ads?
Can you see someone's activity log on Facebook?
How can I get my chat back after I deleted it from my Facebook messenger?
Why do some people purposely not use social media websites and applications like Facebook?
If I write something of my own on Facebook (which I intend to use one day in a book), is anybody else who reads it allowed to use it?
Is there any way by which I can know the person who searched me on Facebook?
If someone shares a post of mine on Facebook, should I give a like to that share?
Why do suggested friends in Facebook appear even though you and that suggested person don’t have any mutual friends?
How can I convert posts from my Facebook page to a PDF file which would contain my posted content?
Which is the more profitable website: YouTube or Facebook?
How can I like many people on Facebook automatically?
How can I promote my brand most effectively on Facebook without paid methods?
How do I hack a Facebook account which was created with a mobile number?
Why does Facebook change my white image border to off-white/yellow?
How do I see if I'm on a person’s WhatsApp on Facebook?
How can I start advertising on Facebook?
When did Google, Microsoft, and Facebook get serious about machine learning?
Is there anyone selling Facebook verified pages?
How can a 2nd-year college dropout get a good job at YouTube, Facebook or Google, with only Ruby as a primary language?
How do I see who has searched me on Facebook?
If you could redesign the Facebook logo, how would it look like?
If Facebook is a building, is it one of the most complicated buildings in the world?
What does it mean when Messenger suggested a non-friend for me to make a voice call with?
Why do some messages on Facebook show the seen notification after a day when the seen time was yesterday when I sent it?
Is there anyone here who knows someone who works at Facebook?
Why can people that I am not friends with on FB see what I say to my real FB friends?
What can be a solution to the fake accounts on Facebook?
On Facebook, can hidden friends still show up as "people you know?"
How do you input a devil smiley on Facebook?
If Pokémon trainers had social media (for simplicity, let's say Twitter or Facebook), what would they post?
How do I target baby products on Facebook ads?
How do websites like MensXP open so fast when clicked from their Facebook page?
How do Americans check their Facebook when they are in China?
Why is my Facebook account temporarily blocked?
What is the best text message you have ever sent/received?
What is the minimum sign on bonus for an average engineer joining Facebook?
On Facebook, how similar do page names have to be to merge pages?
Do Facebook and WhatsApp use AWS for their data backup?
Why is it best to use old pictures for our profile image?
How do Facebook Ads make money from my Facebook page?
Does Facebook have a contingency plan if its “Thumbs up” icon offends users in Bangladesh, Iran, and/or Thaïland and creates a backlash?
How do I control who can see comments made on my Facebook posts?
How do I delete a person off of Messenger?
Is it better to work as an analyst at Facebook or Amazon? What's the strongest brand in the CV?
How do I see other people’s messages on Facebook Messenger?
What can I announce on Facebook to let my friends and family know that I’m a real estate agent and would like them to hire me?
Is it possible to get someone else's messages from Facebook Messenger?
How do I add my Instagram to my FB profile?
Why do some people say on Facebook “please repost but don't share?” Why do they do that? Does reposting a newsfeed cause a virus on Facebook?
How do I get a job at Facebook as a client solution manager in NYC?
How do I optimize my ad’s viewability?
How come I don't see any bad comment about Gurmeet Ram Rahim on any of his YouTube videos, Twitter or any other social networking site?
Why do big, well-known companies like Google and Facebook still need to do marketing?
How can I get the purple flower reaction on Facebook, if I’m from the Middle East?
How can I create a credential to go next to my profile name on my profile page?
I created a group which have more than 130,000 members now on the social network (like FB), how can I monetize or earn using this group?
I have created my own social networking app and how do I monetize it with sponsored ads like Facebook has other than using Google's AdSense?
Is hiding a friend in particular possible on Facebook? If it is possible, then let me know. How do I enable such a feature on Facebook?
How can I overcome my feelings of guilt? I unknowingly Messaged to my friend's girlfriend on Facebook.
What caused the failure of Orkut and the success of Facebook?
How many of the original "Microsoft Five" are still at Facebook?
What’s the best Facebook video you've seen lately?
How come Facebook is syncing my contacts?
How can I get 1,000 Facebook likes for my page?
What does it that mean if a guy does not block you on WhatsApp and Facebook, but he does not respond to your message?
How do I find out who has made my fake Facebook account?
How do I add a free Facebook login on my Vizio TV?
Is it good to ask for your girlfriend’s Facebook account?
Facebook takes a lot of space. How is it possible to remove your Facebook content off a device?
What is the difference between optimizing for a 1-day click and a 7-day click in Facebook?
Why can't I access Facebook for Messenger apps while in Messenger since the newest update?
What is the purpose of degrees (from school, college, university and society) and education?
How can you make money from adverts on your Facebook?
Is Facebook 'like' a vanity metric?
Why won't my Messenger app work on Facebook?
Which company possesses better developers, Facebook or Google?
Why did my Facebook Dynamic Ads Campaign stop being delivered?
Should I bother posting pictures on my Instagram, Facebook, and other social media?
How much more likely are Facebook comments to receive Likes when they already have a Like, versus when they have none?
What interests should I target on my Facebook ads if I am selling dog beds?
Why did Facebook need permission from the EU Antitrust Commission before acquiring WhatsApp (since both companies HQs are in the US)?
How do you unlike something that you accidentally liked on Facebook?
When someone mutes a conversation what does the other person see on Messenger?
If I change my relationship status on Facebook from into a relationship to single, will it notify the other person?
Why won't Facebook let me upload a profile video?
Why can I still see posts on Facebook of someone I have blocked?
Is it possible to retrieve an IP address from which a Facebook account was being operated if that account was deleted 2-3 months ago?
Facebook shows "Your account is not eligible for this process". How do I get this problem solved?
Do you trust a business that has a Facebook page as its website?
Why is my Facebook message stuck on sent?
What does Facebook do for improving performance and tuning?
How is the war between Snapchat and Facebook going to end?
I'm planning to quit Facebook, what are the good and bad consequences that will follow?
What app or tool can I use to get likes on my Facebook page or followers in my Instagram?
Why is my messenger not working?
What is an administrative assistant interview like at Facebook?
Why can’t other websites like Facebook be made?
How can I place ads on TrueCaller through Facebook?
How can one generate leads for art products through Instagram and Facebook?
How does Mark Zuckerberg earn from Facebook everyday?
Where can I find open source code for common features in web apps, such as Facebook likes, adding friends, etc.?
How do I get off of someone’s Facebook page?
How come I cannot friend request someone on Facebook?
If you wanna host a node js website like Facebook, what hosting company will you choose?
How can I make money from Amazon by promoting its product on a Facebook page without a website?
Any tool to know your competitor’s spending behaviour on Facebook ads?
What are the best Facebook groups by subject?
How can I stop people from being able to post photos in the comments of my photos or posts on my Facebook profile page?
How can I create the next big company like Facebook, Google, Apple, with a social purpose without having adequate technical skills?
Is Facebook the most valuable company in the world?
Which is the best Facebook ad type to acquire new customers for my eCommerce site, reach or brand awareness? Which one is the cheapest method?
Where can I find report as spam messages in Facebook?
If I want someone to see 'Facebook User' in place of my name in their message history, what should I do?
Does Facebook have VIP accounts?
In Facebook ads, when you run a re-targeting campaign and a normal campaign, and a user sees both, how do you know to which your attribution goes?
Is FaceBook a web application​ or not?
Why can't I post anything on Facebook?
What should be my targeted audience (for FB Ads) for a Bollywood News website?
On Facebook, how do I stop seeing posts that say 'My friend A was tagged in a photo' on my timeline?
How is the "People You May Know" feature useful for companies like Facebook and LinkedIn? How does it bring additional revenue to those companies?
Is there a way to increase Facebook page likes or Twitter followers?
Is there any Facebook page liker that doesn't use an access token?
What is the reason behind the face filter app on Facebook? Why integrate a feature that already exists on Snapchat?
How can I send a messenger invite if I'm blocked from FB?
How should I regain lost years of friendship on Facebook (for friendversary) after blocking and then unblocking someone from my friends list?
Why is Facebook so strict? Even if you didn’t post nude pictures, you get blocked. So unfair!
Why is WhatsApp down right now (May 4, IST)?
How do I stop Facebook videos from sticking to the left side when I scroll down?
How can I recover my Facebook account?
Which is safer for my site, Facebook login API or my own code for login/signup?
What is the best paying URL shortener service that accepts Facebook postings?
What is the temporary profile picture of Facebook?
Can I integrate Facebook to run adverts on my social network website? If yes, how?
What are the best auto-likers for Facebook?
In Facebook advertising, how do you report numbers to clients?
Why can't I message someone on my Facebook friends list?
How do I know whether someone read my Facebook message if he/she has no Facebook Messenger app?
Does Facebook/Instagram use image recognition to enrich Audience Insights and target settings on Facebook Ads Manager?
What does the medical community think about the “The truth about cancer" videos that surface twice yearly on Facebook?
Are customers more likely to purchase a product after seeing it on Facebook or Instagram?
How do I remove all the picture from my Facebook profile?
Why is Facebook's moderation so inconsistent?
How much does Facebook earn from its users' data?
Is WhatsApp more secure than Facebook?
Is Facebook's GraphQL API generated automatically?
Why can't I share my answers to my WordPress blog the same way I share them on Facebook and Twitter?
What are some ways to find people on Facebook?
How can I develop a scene for Facebook Spaces?
How long will it take to get hired by the Big 4 (Facebook, Google, Amazon, and Microsoft) from scratch?
How do I get Graph API Facebook post insights from last month?
What is a Facebook pixel?
Why was WhatsApp valuable enough for Facebook to buy it?
What are some great Facebook banner or cover photo templates?
What experiments are run at companies like Quora, Google, Facebook, etc. to implement new product features?
When Facebook says you added someone to your account from your contacts, does that mean from your phone contacts or your Facebook contacts?
How do I transfer my contacts from Lumia 520 to my Facebook account, or Microsoft account?
If someone deletes me off Facebook Messenger, how would I know?
What time is good to spam Facebook for my app?
How many people use Facebook Messenger without a Facebook account?
Which app is used to make pamphlets or photos to post on Facebook or social media?
How can I send a request to a person if Facebook keep on showing 'send request to person you know only'?
Does Facebook automatically friend someone to your account?
Where can we get more info about the PCIe RetimerCard mentioned in the OCP Facebook page?
How do I get my mom's Facebook account unfrozen?
Does Facebook Password Sniper work?
What happens if I change the text of a private event on Facebook? Does everyone invited see the change?
Is the Facebook page Word Porn down?
Is there a way to add an existing Group to a Facebook Page in the new experience they are rolling out that enables a Page to create a Group?
How can I promote my page on Facebook without being charged?
How do I disable likes and comments on Facebook cover photo?
Which app can be included as social media, except Facebook, WhatsApp, Twitter, Instagram, Hike, Snapchat, Google+, and WeChat?
How do I retrieve my Facebook friend list?
What is your most efficient Facebook ad?
Did Facebook abuse the word "friends"?
Why the hell I have to enter Facebook every time to reach or make a question? Isn't once just enough?
On my friend’s friend list, the number of friend’s is 90, but I can only see my profile. Restricted mode would not give a number. Why?
How can I auto comment on Facebook posts?
In Swift, how can I match two users randomly who have logged onto my app through Facebook?
How can I best use Facebook ads to market my art?
Is 2017 the actual present or just my timeline?
How can one increase their number of Facebook likes?
Why am I getting irritated by Facebook?
Can your last active time appear, even when you are blocked on Facebook Messenger?
Why did Mark Zuckerberg choose PHP to make Facebook?
What if I time travel and come back to earth after 50 years, will I able to see my Facebook updates?
How do you avoid the feeling of uselessness when spending too much time on Facebook?
Can I post on Facebook and let just friends who speak a specific language see my post?
Can I get money from a Facebook page?
When we search for someone on FB, what does “user” mean when it comes with the searched name?
What is someone doing when Messenger shows “active now”?
Can friends of friends add you as a friend without agreeing to it?
Is it good to provide prices when selling items on Facebook or not?
How can Facebook Live improve to prevent shocking live streams?
How do I increase the number of visitors and followers of my new Facebook pages, in order to achieve success?
How do reactivate my account with 1freehosting?
Can we find out how long a particular person has been a part of a Facebook group even if he or she is not on your friends list?
You may have heard about the ban on social media in Kashmir Valley. Is there any way of using any social media sites?
Why does Facebook and other websites remember old passwords?
Can nickname-based, open chat rooms have the same virality as real-world relationships based social networks like Facebook?
I have an author page at Amit Ahlawat. I keep my audience updated on it, however the page shows very low levels of audience engagement. How can I improve?
How can I see who shared my profile picture on Facebook?
How do we grow our first 10K subscribers in YouTube, Facebook page, and Twitter effectively?
How can you find a Facebook friend by using his or her ID number?
Why doesn't Twitter implement "Live Video" feature like Facebook?
Can you trust the website emailsupport-Australia.com to provide assistance with Facebook etc.?
Is there a way I can rank people I am not friends with on Facebook by how many of my "good friends" they are friends with by using API?
If I do not log out from FB then will I remain online always to other people?
How are the file and folder structures at Facebook and Google?
What are the top 100 Facebook pages?
The Facebook social login API was having issues earlier. Is the social login for Facebook and/or Google working now for e-commerce sites?
How can you make a wink symbol on Facebook?
Which service is a part of Google, Facebook, YouTube or Twitter?
What is next after Google, Facebook and Amazon?
Is it possible to increase fake likes for a Facebook post?
Do people get promoted easily at Facebook? On average, how long does it take to move from one career level to the next?
How can you trace a Facebook hack?
How can I find out if my boyfriend is having secret conversations on Messenger, using his login information?
Why does my CPM fluctuate so much on Facebook Ads?
What kind of information can I get from a Facebook user’s friends?
Why is Quora making me use my personal Facebook account. Why can't I use my business page?
On FB Messenger, what does it mean if the person isn't available at the time of sending a message?
Is there a football Facebook page or Android app that informs you of completed transfers?
Why doesn’t Mark Zuckerberg write on Quora?
What is the good post for Facebook?
How do I automatically add many friends on Facebook?
How large an audience should I use when running test ads on Facebook?
Does Facebook really give money to these people?
How can I find out my friend’s Facebook password without her knowing?
Is it possible to log in to Messenger Lite without a Facebook account?
Does my Instagram activity show up on Facebook?
Why doesn't Facebook Messenger send email notifications anymore?
If I re-upload a video on Facebook and tag the source, would that consider as a copyright issue?
If my free email ID is older than my Facebook page, will it impact my Facebook page’s visibility? “Older” meaning “before Facebook was founded.”
How can I copy my FB page link?
Will a green dot appear next to a friend’s name if they aren't active on Messenger?
Do narcissts see their friends as "friends" or as competitors?
If someone deletes their Facebook profile and Messenger, do they show up in Messenger?
How do I find out when a Facebook account was made?
Should I send a friend request to my former teacher on Facebook?
Is there anyone who can share the names of big bloggers who specialize in Facebook marketing and Facebook ads in the U.S.?
Why can't I post a profile picture and a cover picture on my business page? Even when I hover over the images, it doesn't give me an option to upload.
What type of brain technology is used by Facebook?
Is it possible to make people complete forms on Facebook?
What is the benchmark for Facebook and Instagram engagement for 2016?
How can I verify my Facebook profile with a blue badge?
Can someone who has access to my Facebook password and telephone number check my account?
Facebook page boost amount?
What's next after Facebook and twitter?
Are my Facebook friends able to see my Facebook pages?
What does a gray dot next to a friend’s name on Messenger mean?
What will happen if you like every single post on your Facebook feed every single day?
How many think that opening a Facebook account was a mistake?
If you could show just one page of your daily diary from your entire life to your love, which page would it be?
Why do you have to wait 48 hours to unblock someone on Facebook?
What voice technology is Facebook's 'Building 8' working on?
What kind of FB page shall I make?
How can I log into my Gmail account that’s associated with my Facebook account?
When you upload an email list on the "suggest page" option on a Facebook page, do the contacts get a notification to view the page?
Why do people on Facebook hate Twilight and Justin Bieber so much?
In which platform were apps like Facebook, Snapchat, and WhatsApp made? I want to make a million dollar app and my idea is also new. Can I do that?
How are you using Facebook?
What 3rd party services does Facebook use to filter content (spam, terrorism, etc.) from a news feed, and the same with Google and Twitter on their platforms?
I want to be able to autopublish on Twitter and Instagram when I post on Facebook. Is there a way?
How do you add someone on Facebook?
Are some girls who are tired of FB and Instagram, now using Quora just to share their pictures? They can skip those stupid questions but they don't. Why?
In which cases would you recommend Twitter ads VS Facebook ads?
What is the use of living?
How do I find out the email address associated with a Facebook account?
Why do companies like Facebook need and have so many workers?
What tools do you use to measure online interactions (on Facebook groups for instance)?
How do I set a manual daily budget in Facebook Ad Manager?
What would happen if Zuckerberg decided to shut Facebook down tomorrow?
Why do most people deactivate their Facebook accounts? Is it so because they had a breakup?
Why can’t I see the number of likes on a comment on Facebook?
How can I Download Video from Facebook to iPhone?
How can one make sure that his/her comments are only visible to the initiator of the post?
Does a delivered message on Messenger mean that it's been read if you click on it and you only see icons with faces?
How should I stop people from posting unflattering pictures of me on Facebook?
Doesn't Facebook violate our privacy by showing our likes & comments in our friend's newsfeed without us having control over it?
How can I send a message to all my Facebook friends automatically?
How do you use Adwords to promote a Facebook group?
If I want to establish a Facebook page for homemade food any ideas of what should I name it And names for natural beauty products also?
How do I login to my Facebook account if I have lost access to the phone number to which the two factor authentication code will be sent?
What would have happened if you would have founded Facebook and not Wikipedia?
Is there any app on Android to change the voice on a Facebook messenger call?
How can someone make from Facebook?
Can I send an application using Facebook Messenger?
Has anyone made a friendship on Facebook and eventually gotten laid sooner in Mumbai?
If a message in Messenger sits in sent, does a notification go to their email attached to Facebook?
How can I add my new Facebook account to InterviewBit?
How can Facebook be harmful while studying?
How can I apply an “I Love Mom” filter picture on Facebook?
How do I make YouTube views increase with Facebook?
Why can't I get back on Facebook?
Why is Facebook all of a sudden filled with video's is it losing its charm?
How much budget should I have to advertise my application on Facebook to users in the United States?
How can I make 5000 Facebook friends in an instant?
How can I stream a pre-recorded video via Android Facebook live?
Why is Facebook not showing me how long my friend has not been active?
Is there anyone who can help teach me English for free, just on WhatsApp or Facebook?
How do I earn via Facebook and Instagram pages?
I'm an admin on a Facebook page. How do I "like" a comment on my page posts as that page?
Is it safe to link Facebook with instaGC?
Can I add her on Facebook without asking?
How can I change my connection to Quora from a Facebook account to a Google account?
How do we get Facebook Ads insights with an hourly breakdown?
How do I view the older Facebook settings?
I know how to remove a trending topic on Facebook, but how do I get it back?
How can you tell if someone deleted Facebook app?
How did my competitor get so many local valid Facebook likes when they rarely post?
Do you think Google and Facebook have to take responsibility for Fake News?
Why does the Messenger icon show blue even when it says the person is unavailable for calling?
Is it possible to retrieve Facebook “secret conversations” encrypted messages from a person’s own mobile after deleting them?
How can someone get fast likes on Facebook?
Where I can get the FB and Google authentication code?
What are some of the epic FB posts?
Does Facebook have a special appeal to women?
What social activities are most likely to reduce your IQ?
How can I contact Facebook or YouTube for a business offer? Is it possible at all for a startup? Thanks ahead.
How can I collect posts from public Facebook pages related to a specific topic?
Is Quora better than Facebook for sharing knowledge?
Is it possible to hide "active k minutes ago" on Facebook Messenger?
Can I delete everything from my Facebook Messenger so that other people won't be able to see the messages or pics anymore?
Does Messenger tell you if your message request to a non-Facebook friend has been ignored? Answer with proper English, not fresh from Albania.
Social networks such as Facebook use profiles to store information about their users. How do I create a simple database to store these user's profiles?
Does Facebook use Node.js at all?
How do companies such as Google & Facebook hire for non-tech roles? Do they only work on referrals? Or is there something else which I am missing out?
How come when I search a name on FB under suggestions on a person’s page, the name won't show up, but it shows up under their list of friends?
What if India bans Facebook, LinkedIn, Google and Quora?
How can you play Bubble Safari on Facebook?
What do I learn for a job with Facebook?
What audience interest should I use to get my plus-size boutique seen by plus-size women on Facebook?
What would happen if someone tag a person on a video I shared only with selected people on Facebook?
How can I search my friends on Facebook?
How do I get Facebook to take down my father's fake profile on Facebook? It was created by somebody else, and we are unable to get the password.
Why are my Facebook page posts not going to Twitter?
My ex hasn't deleted our pics from her Facebook, however she gets mad if I remove them from mine. What does this mean?
What can I do about a fake Facebook account?
What is the best way to target the public that is interested in an e-commerce site through Facebook ads?
How do I verify celebrity Facebook accounts?
How do I curb my Facebook addiction?
Is Facebook going to make Facebook Marketplace a standalone app?
What are the new upcoming features of Facebook revealed by Mark Zuckerberg at F8 2017?
Would you like to delete your Facebook account before your death?
How do websites like Quora or Facebook handle so much user requests?
Is it possible to build a Facebook-, Instagram-, or Quora-like app using REST API?
Why can’t my PC log into Facebook?
If I bought one share of Facebook, would that share involve interest or are there different types of shares that can be invested in?
What do you do when you get bored and don’t want to wast your time on Facebook, Instagram, Quora, etc.?
What are some funny comparisons between Quora and Facebook?
Your partner deletes texts and hides specific things on their Facebook timeline. Would you consider this deceptive behavior?
How do I do link-building when I am doing business via Facebook?
How can I get a huge amount of website traffic from Facebook?
Can somebody read my Facebook messenger posts?
Should Facebook, Google and others be banned?
Why are my Facebook friends still friends with my abuser?
How many likes do I have to have on Facebook to make money?
What is the best way of figuring out the most commonly used words in a certain Facebook group or page?
How can I reach Jared Morgenstern?
Can I get million likes on my Facebook page?
How do I post old photos to Facebook and Instagram stories?
I messaged non-friends on Facebook and it's been sent but not delivered, how do I get them delivered?
Is it possible to fetch other users data from Tumblr using R?
Why is Facebook not attacking and cloning musical.ly like Snapchat in the US?
Is it possible to view all information from my phone on my personal computer, like text messages, WhatsApp, Facebook, etc.?
What do you think about yesterday’s Facebook VR implementations? What communication changes can we expect?
What does the ‘now’ mean under the person’s name in the Facebook messenger?
How do I get inorganic likes on Facebook?
Does Facebook have new rules about posting links to pages?
Is your Facebook cover image mobile friendly?
What are your personal reasons that you don't link your Facebook profile to Quora? That's if this applies to you.
How sustainable is Facebook's business model?
What is the most trending technology common in Google, Facebook, Microsoft, etc.?
How do I allow applications local admin rights using a group policy without giving user admin rights to the whole machine?
Apparently, Facebook can't stand the sight of Snapchat. Why aren't their (failing) cloning efforts frowned upon? It almost seems like Facebook is being saluted.
How can I recover my old Facebook account without Gmail or mobile number and forgotten my password?
How do you add a poll in a Facebook group chat?
Can anyone post pictures of me on social media without my consent?
How do you deal with a fake and envious friend? You just hate seeing their Facebook posts. Is blocking or unfriending​ a great idea?
What would happen to all of the accounts of Facebook users in the current generation after, say, 60 years after all of us would have passed away?
What is Facebook Pixel, conversions and micro conversions?
How do I recover my Facebook password with the normal procedure since I lost the SIM card of telephone?
What will happen if I stop using social apps like WhatsApp, Facebook, Messenger, etc.?
What was your first set Facebook profile picture compared to your newest one?
How can I find someone on Facebook from 8 Ball Pool?
How do I link the birth dates of my friends on Facebook to my iPhone?
How can I delete messages I sent to someone on Facebook in both conversations?
With increasing popularity of Instagram, do you think Facebook will shutdown?
Is there any software or process to increase likes on a Facebook post?
How common is it for people to fall in love with someone after reading their entire Facebook Timeline?
How do I advertise on Instagram and Facebook simultaneously when the accounts are already linked?
Can you share your picture here? Do you use another social networking sites like Instagram, Facebook, etc?
Can I trace my laptop without knowing its Mac address, by using the Wi-Fi previous record, an email sent from that, or a Facebook account?
When we comment on posts which come on Facebook, can all people see this?
How can we add members in a group?
What are the Indian (indigenous) options of Facebook, WhatsApp, Quora, Google in India, as the Chinese already have developed their own?
Why don’t Facebook Messenger and WhatsApp use WebSocket?
How does Facebook choose who shows up in the chat sidebar? What does the green light mean?
How much do photo sharing apps like Instagram, Snapchat, Facebook compress images?
If a famous person lets you send them a PM on Facebook, does that mean that they like you?
How do I know who to unban in a Facebook page?
What would you do if your invisible friend vanished?
What is your opinion of Facebook addiction among Indians?
Who did Tenisha Jackson chat with the most on Facebook?
How do I hack Facebook account on Android without root?
What is the revenue model for Facebook games?
What is the perfect budget strategy for Facebook ads if I'm doing dropshipping?
Is there any tutorial on how to monetize my 100k organic followers on a Facebook page with my blog?
What are some good chat sites like Facebook?
Can I link more than one Facebook account to one Instagram account?
How can I automatically mass invite people who like my posts to like my Facebook page?
Why was the Note feature in Facebook scrapped?
How do I share a GIF file from Facebook to Whatsapp?
Is it legal to share other people's public shared Facebook pictures on my Facebook page?
How do I get a job with Google or Facebook if I am from India?
How much time did you spend on Facebook?
How do I stream Facebook data using Apache spark?
Is there any plugin to video block from Facebook apart from its default settings?
What does it mean on Facebook Messenger when the status says active a minute or x minutes ago but the green icon is off?
What are the monthly incomes of the owners of Facebook and Google?
What major announcements did Facebook make at the F8 in 2017?
What makes Quora more respectful than Facebook?
Wouldn't Facebook have strong advantages if they entered into competition against Uber, Thankeyou and Airbnb?
What are the details of advertising on Facebook?
What are other sites you can start a group on besides Facebook?
How can I advertise my Facebook page free of cost on Facebook?
How can (and should) I tell my friend to stop oversharing on Facebook?
Is it also possible to create Facebook ads for Australia being located in Germany?
Why does Facebook keep asking for documents, when I already submitted documents 2 times?
How can I know the true identity of a person on Facebook?
How can I disable Facebook's appointment feature?
Which are the most interesting closed groups on Facebook concerning productivity and self-improvement?
Is it possible to have Gmail and Facebook accounts if I am under 18?
How can I hook up Amazon Alexa to Facebook?
Can we find the amount of sales that are generated every day in the advert manager on Facebook?
What programming software was used to create Facebook Messenger, Snapchat and WhatsApp?
Can you stop a user from knowing that you checked his or her profile on Badoo?
Is Sanjeev Bhatt’s Facebook account fake?
What is the future of messaging apps in providing customer service (WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, vChat)?
What are the latest Facebook video marketing techniques?
Does Facebook keep a permanent record of their user's entire Activity Log, even once the users delete their activity/search history?
Should Facebook consider Quora a future threat? I believe Quora has the potential to make FB irrelevant.
People are using Twitter and Facebook where their freedom of expression has been removed and people are stacked in little groups with the same opinions. Why?
How can I close my Facebook account?
Is it possible to create a plugin for Facebook that automatically modifies the call-to-action button (e.g. Shop Now) on someone else’s Facebook page?
I cursed a girl I know out on Facebook Messenger. She didn't reply, but she didn't delete me or unfriend me. What does this mean?
Why don’t the top programmers and engineers working at Facebook and Google make their own app or something new so that they can replace these companies?
What is the highest number of shares any of your Facebook posts has ever achieved?
Can I translate any article at any website and publish it on my website or Facebook ?
How do I block Facebook and LinkedIn notifications in Gmail?
People seem friendlier on Instagram than on Facebook. What role does UI design play in that?
A friend of mine on Facebook recently added 4 people but I can only see 3, is there a way to find out who this is?
How did Mark Zuckerberg draw the line of friendship and business with his first 50 employees?
Why did Facebook change the UI for changing profile pictures?
How do I remove a bad photo of myself from Facebook that someone else posted?
When someone blocks you on Facebook, how long does it last before it gets lifted?
What is the way to advertise on Facebook to the whole UK through boosting my post for anyone who is working?
How many friends do you have on Facebook and how many of them are your close friends?
Whether they speak about spirituality, entrepreneurship, health or investing, who are your favorite people to follow on Facebook?
Do you know any Facebook accounts of the top Clash Royale players?
If Facebook, Snapchat, or one of the other big social media websites went out of business, what would happen to all of the data they've collected?
How do I recover a post I deleted from Facebook?
How do I convince Facebook that I always want to see the 'Most Recent' feed?
Can I see who is visiting my FB page?
How do I make the Twitter account @dopeandnerds famous?
Why does it say “no friend suggestions”?
How do I prevent my Facebook fan page from being unpublished?
She always responds to my WhatsApp messages, but not to my Facebook messages. She is always online on Facebook. Should I leave her?
How can I delete photos and shared content in Messenger?
What needs to be done to keep Quora from being hijacked by political vested interests like Facebook?
Where can I buy sparklers (fireworks) online in India with COD facility (could be any site, Facebook page, Instagram account, etc.)?
What would you do to a friend on Facebook who's ​been talking bad about you behind your back and being envious? Block him, or leave him in your friends list?
How do I remove the annoying bar of Direct/Your Story from showing up at the top of my news feed on Facebook?
Why can't I see all persons who reacted to my FB photo?
Where I can get Facebook and Google+ authentication codes?
How can I create a Facebook add that profitable?
What policies/restrictions exist around paying people to post to their Facebook, Instagram and Twitter timelines?
What offerings does Facebook have for real estate agents to advertise? How effective is it?
Where can I find someone to help me get my hacked Facebook ID back? I don’t even know the email.
Is there any way to get a wider newsfeed on mbasic.facebook.com?
Is there a way to disable the Your Story feature in the Facebook mobile app?
Can I use my Quora address on Facebook?
Will blocking someone's phone block them through Facebook?
What if you are in love with your Facebook friend?
How do I recover deleted Facebook photos?
In Facebook API, is there a way to get a mentioned/tagged person in a post or comment?
How can I get data from a Facebook individual’s profile?
Why is it that a man thinks it's ok to have photos and videos open on all sites and thinks he needs over a thousand friends on Facebook?
How can Quora be useful in JEE preparations with creating an extreme contrast to Facebook?
Is there any way to detect visitors viewing our Facebook profiles?
How do I use Facebook app without risking my privacy?
How am I able to change the event photo on Facebook?
Suppose xyz is a social networking site that will replace Facebook. What features will you expect from xyz?
Is there any automated way to reply on Facebook comments?
What is the largest Facebook group and page?
What if Facebook suddenly disappears?
Is replying on Twitter like commenting on a post on Facebook? If so, is it publicly posted?
How can I find Personal Ads on Facebook?
Facebook updates its Android and iOS application without an update from the App Store or Play Store. How is this possible? Is it a hybrid-using web?
Why is everyone so obsessed with Mark Zuckerberg?
A family member sent me a friend request on Facebook, should I add them?
How do I target a Facebook ad for selling LulaRoe?
What would've been better for Snapchat's founders, an IPO or taking the $ 3 billion dollar offer from Facebook?
People usually comment score when I become friends with someone on Facebook, what does their comment actually mean?
Where can I see video from the breakout sessions at Facebook f8 conference?
How can I effectively block someone on Facebook?
On Facebook Messenger, can someone tell if you have searched for something in the conversation?
My Facebook profile isn't going public even though my settings are all set to everyone. Is there a way to force it to go public?
How can I fix a problem creating events on a Facebook business page?
Why I cannot send a second friend request to someone in Facebook?
In this age of WhatsApp forwards, which digital media or Facebook pages can we turn to for credible news and journalism?
Why is my Facebook sidebar so rectangular? In the chat avatars. For my family member all their Facebook sidebar are circles in the avatars?
How can I stop the frequent blocking of my Facebook account?
How much money does Facebook take away from India?
How can I share my responses without seeing other replies?
When you share a post with friends on Facebook, can other people see it?
How can I begin with Facebook ads?
How do I stop friends from seeing my comments/likes on other pages?
Why companies like Intel, Google, Facebook are against the immigration measures of Trump?
What is your opinion about Ravindra Babu Ravula going live on Facebook and discussing with students on general matters?
Should I start up a sales website or do I create a Facebook page and sell the product there, mainly to save cost?
How can I add a link to my "Send to Mobile" button in Gameroom?
How do I target parents who have children with upcoming birthdays on Facebook ads?
How do I make the Facebook comment box display on Blogger mobile view?
How do I change my Facebook address?
Where can I post my Facebook page so that everyone can see it and like it?
How does someone react when their Facebook account is hacked?
How can I retrieve a deactivated account of an old friend who I want to get in touch with?
How do you hide your feed from other people on Instagram?
How do I use Facebook Messenger Ads for business?
How do online portals like Amazon and Facebook get people's money in their pockets technically?
Why doesn't Facebook Messenger say the dates of when someone reads your messages?
How come a comment notification appears in your email and YouTube notifications box but doesn’t appear in the comments section of a video?
How do I update my profile picture and name on messenger?
How do you get a job in Facebook Engineering?
Do you have to have Facebook to use Messenger?
Are there examples of Facebook fan page headings?
How do I find someone's Facebook account using a picture?
How can I know about Facebook audience targeting?
How do I make a social networking site like Facebook without sufficient knowledge of software?
Is there anyway to bypass users on my app needing to click "send invite" to a friend on Facebook?
Are there any social networks that have the appearance of Facebook?
How much time does Facebook take in reviewing an additional document?
Is there a way to see all of my Facebook actions since day 1?
How much money should I invest per day in Facebook ads to promote a product if I'm doing dropshipping?
Is it possible to get a notification when someone activates their account on Facebook?
What does it mean if my Messenger message was sent but not delivered?
What is the difference between inFeedo and Facebook Workplace? Are they competitors of each other?
What Facebook groups is the best for business owners?
If I confirm a relationship request on Facebook, will it show on everyone's feed?
Why does Facebook update your account whenever they want to?
What makes you stay away from Facebook?
I created a Facebook account when I was 11 years old, but now I'm 15 years old. Would it be a good idea to change the year I was born from 1992 to 2002?
Does Facebook scan peoples brains?
How do I send automatic friend requests on Facebook?
Can we read someone's Facebook messages?
When running a Facebook ad campaign, how do I estimate the cost per impression, before launching?
How can I make a Facebook survey?
My Facebook ID security check code was sent to my old phone number, and it won't let me select a different one. How do I change it?
Can I send messages to more than one person at a time on Facebook? What happens when I do so?
Can I view all of a specific Tumblr account’s posts, comments, replies, and likes?
How can I send more than 500 people an event invite on Facebook?
Does Facebook always know if a person is parent or it can miss a good percent of times - asking this from Facebook advertising perspective?
How often is the code refactored at Facebook/WhatsApp/Instagram?
I sent my teacher a Facebook friend request and she hasn't accepted it or rejected it. What does this mean?
Is Quora becoming the next Facebook, where people do stupid things?
What kinds of apps and software do Facebook and Microsoft buy?
Is there a way to automatically remove all tags of someone on my Facebook page? I have deleted all 'couple' photos of my ex and I don’t need to block.
How do you tag multiple people/groups on Facebook?
How do you know if you have posted an inappropriate status to Facebook?
Does Facebook measure the reading time on a location of a feed?
Is Quora's 'upvote' an equivalent to Facebook's 'like '?
Is Quora addictive like Facebook and other social sites?
How's Instagram different from Facebook if it just enables us to upload photos and videos what we can always do on Facebook?
Is Facebook’s marketing unreliable?
How do I know if my friend is currently on a video chat on FB Messenger?
Do you prefer your friends on Facebook share photos or short videos of their vacations?
How does Facebook Code Generator feature works?
How can I get notifications about a person of what he posts or what his friends post on his timeline who is not in my friend list in Facebook?
What does it mean if you added a person on Messenger?
How do I make a page on Facebook where I can sell handicrafts?
How do I put my videos on Facebook to Flipagram?
Are there any groups on Tumble, like the Facebook groups?
Why do some people replace “a” with “v” in Facebook posts and Messenger conversations ?
Is there a way of viewing content from a Facebook group without a Facebook account (such as a shareable link like on Google)?
Does Facebook affect students?
Are ads available on Facebook Free Basics?
How much do we need to spend on Facebook or Instagram advertising (hypothetical number)?
How can I see when I was last logged in on my PicsArt account?
Do you know of any social network that uses common interests and algorithms to suggest friends, instead of being based on common friends?
Each time you message a non-friend on Facebook Messenger, do they have to accept your request for each message you send?
How do I check which Facebook friend requests I've declined?
What would Facebook look like if it didn't depend on our confirmation bias?
How do I find the email ID of an unknown Facebook user?
How can I return to my old Facebook password after changing it?
How can I see who looked at my Facebook profile?
What is the best way to market a Facebook shop and extend its reach?
How do I get Facebook's API for my app?
Why doesn't Facebook buy Snapchat?
What is Facebook magazine? What is the way to build a Facebook magazine using digital marketing services?
Why does it beep before it rings when I call someone on Messenger?
Why do people on Quora blame social networking sites like Facebook, WhatsApp, etc.?
How is it to be at Facebook, Google, Microsoft, or Apple as an intern?
Why are Facebook's videos psychedelic?
What's the realest thing someone has ever said to you?
How do I get more visitors to my blog from social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.?
Which has more impact on daily life: Facebook or Quora?
How can I download all the photos shared on Facebook Messenger (with one click)?
What happens if Facebook asks for my ID proof, and I never give it to them?
What does the flower smiley in Facebook denote?
What will you miss if you don't open Facebook and Instagram for a year?
How do I invite someone to Messenger who is not on Facebook?
What's the difference between Facebook and YouTube in terms of their ad releasing strategy?
What reason is there for someone disappearing from my “people you may know” list on Facebook after a period of time? I didn’t remove him.
How can one figure out the true identity of a person on Facebook?
Is there any way that I can see a list of people on Quora, like those on Facebook?
What’s the website where you can put your Facebook ID URL and it automatically generates all the links to show what you’ve shared publicly?
Can I view nude Facebook pics that were removed?
Is it possible for a startup to catch up to Google/Facebook in AI?
How can I change my profile pic on Messenger now that I have removed Facebook?
How can I get that blue tick on my official fb page?
How can I hide a Facebook page from myself?
I accidentally pressed the ‘limit old posts’ feature on Facebook and I want to get rid of that. Is there any option available?
How do you make money on a Facebook page?
Why doesn't Facebook or Google provide free Internet to poor people?
Is there a secondhand selling/sharing group (Facebook group/community/store) in Halle, Brabant, Belgium?
Will Facebook Pixel count a conversion multiple times for different URL parameters?
Which strategies can be used to make people like a brand's Facebook page during an event organized by that brand?
Which is the best website to buy Facebook Likes cheap?
What is your opinion on the Facebook group, Offensive Humour 2.0?
How do I read back a comment from a page if the owner deleted my comment on Facebook?
Is it liberating to run a Facebook account with no friends, letting anyone comment on your public posts?
What is the meaning of the Facebook reaction having a purple flower?
How do you get un-shadowbanned from Instagram?
Will you feel jealous if your boyfriend gives love reacts on Facebook to photos of other women?
Can there be a Facebook app that can read conversations and send them back to app owner?
Its is safe to convert my personal Facebook account in to a business page?
How can I recover a Facebook account if I have forgotten my password as well as the email address and the phone number linked to it?
If there is an admin on a Facebook page who is ghosted (i.e., you can't tell who that admin is), how can you take over the admin status?
How many people are using the Facebook Stories feature?
How much should I charge a month to manage an Instagram and Facebook for a car dealership? I will report analytics, create original content, and run sponsored ads on both platforms.
Can I use Presto on Facebook to retrieve public posts from a specific city?
How can I be successful with my Facebook art page without spending too much time and money?
Roman Saini's Facebook page is not yet a verified account by Facebook. Why?
A friend posted to my timeline. Can I see the audience they selected?
Why do certain websites like Poshmark or Facebook have continuous feed pages? I don't like continuous feeds and I will not go to any site that does it.
How can I access Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and all the other blocked sites in China?
How can I hack someone by sending a message through Facebook?
Why can't Quora ever surpass FB or WhatsApp in popularity?
How do I bring down Facebook ads cost?
Is the Facebook automation tool www.fbmarketingautomation.com any good?
During Facebook’s startup, did Mark Zuckerberg write all the code in one language, or did he know most of the languages at that time which are being used, today?
Can you use replies from your Facebook posts in a printed media without any intellectual property issues?
What are some of the functionalities that social media apps like Snapchat, Facebook, WhatsApp, YouTube, Pinterest, and Instagram lack? What are social media apps going to look like in the next five years?
Do you think it is a good idea for Facebook to allow us to unsend messages in Facebook Chat/Messenger?
Can anybody help? My Facebook account was hacked.
How can I change my Facebook relationship status without notifying everyone?
Is Facebook going to add a theme feature, a set background color or an image option for the mobile app or is there anyway one can do it using APKs?
How can one apply data science to Facebook ads?
How did Zuckerberg made money after making Facebook?
Shouldn't we consider Google, Facebook, Amazon, and other big companies as monopolies, and slash them?
How do you link Facebook accounts?
How do I turn off Chrome desktop notifications for Facebook Messenger but not Facebook?
Is there a way to find abandoned Facebook pages?
Can something eliminate Facebook in future?
How can I log into my Facebook account without a password? It is linked to my Yahoo ID which I can no longer access?
How do I write a farewell message for college, which I would like to post on Facebook? The message should not be too emotional and a little funny.
Do they have Facebook in North Korea? Because sometimes when I go to Facebook live map, I find some 1 or 2 lives broadcasting from there.
How can I find a contact number on Messenger?
How can I share a Facebook post to Twitter?
What should I write in an open letter to Fb Sister?
On Facebook, does a friend's post suddenly appearing on your feed (when it usually doesn't) mean that they've been looking at your content?
What are the best social media platforms for insurance?
Should I promote my YouTube channel or Facebook page (related to my business) first, or enrich the page/channel content first, then start to promote?
What is the direct feature in Facebook, and how do I open it in the desktop version?
What's the weirdest thing you've seen on your Facebook feed?
How do I manage multiple Facebook campaigns in one place?
How I can check who has shared my photo post on Facebook?
What type of post (picture, link, event, mention, shares, etc.) on your Facebook business page do you find receives the most engagement with your target audience?
How do I count a company's Facebook post?
Can you get old Facebook messenger messages recovered somehow?
Why is my deactivated Facebook account still visible to the public and on my old friends’ 'friends lists'?
Which is the best platform/CMS for creating a social network website just like Facebook?
What do you think about AIB's post on FB about Quora?
What results are required in order to get followers on Facebook?
How can I edit my cover photo on Facebook?
What are some of the best meme pages in Facebook and Instagram?
Why are people still on Facebook?
Is there a Facebook messenger alternative for windows phone?
Why does Facebook offer its 'Year in Review' and 'Look Back' videos?
Why is my deactivated account still visible in my old Friends lists?
How I can log in Facebook without log in approval?
If you remove someone from ‘suggested friends’, can they come back?
Facebook is showing me advertisements for items I searched on Amazon. How is Facebook doing this?
How do I add to the Book section at the left side of my Facebook profile page?
How do I know who view my photos on Facebook?
How one can be sure that owners of Facebook, Twitter, Gmail or any other interactive platform cannot see private messages users send over those?
Is it possible for the time/date of a message (not a stat) on Facebook to bed falsified (i.e., made earlier)?
Who is the person(s) or company behind the Tasty cooking videos you often see on Facebook?
If you decline a message request on Facebook Messenger, can that person send you another message request?
How can I retrieve all my chats that I have deleted from Facebook?
Who according to you is the most unbiased and intelligent Facebook page admin?
Why do couples say that they love each other on Facebook three times a week? Is Facebook the center of the universe?
How do I get a Facebook notification of non-friend people?
How do I know if people have checked my FB profile?
Which is the best work app to work with my team: Facebook Workplace or Slack?
My custom show\hide button defaults to show on page refresh, how do I stop that?
Why does Facebook tell me that I have 4 new views when I cannot even see who viewed my profile and what do I do with these notifications?
How do you hide what pictures you liked when someone searches for them on Facebook?
How can I know if a post of a Facebook page is an ad or not?
How do I see the profile picture of my friend who has blocked me?
Is there a way to permanently delete the Messenger app and message through Facebook only?
How do I block someone I am already blocked from on Facebook?
Can I log into Facebook using Instagram?
How can I access my husband’s Facebook account?
There’s a Facebook name that I need for my page, but someone already has it. Their page was last used in 2010. Is there a way I can get that username?
People say there are many flaws in Facebook. They are saying you can get thousands of followers just like a celebrity in a few days. Is this true?
How can I add all my friends to my closed face-book group without getting blocked?
How do I switch from privacy to public on a Facebook app?
What are the disadvantages of making Facebook account?
Who handles Prabhas' Facebook account?
How can I find the person who hacked my Facebook account?
Is it okay to copy an article from Quora to Facebook?
How can I make more people join Facebook groups?
How do people make money through Facebook pages under the entertainment category?
How can one copyright the writings in one's Facebook page?
How do I see newly added friendship posts on Facebook?
Is it possible to run a JavaScript code snippet on my Facebook profile to check if someone's snooping?
How do you deactivate mutual friends on Facebook?
What are some more tricks on Facebook?
What is the best way to upload a picture to Facebook?
Can I view my messages on Messenger.com if I have subscribed with my phone number (without a Facebook account)?
Which are the informative apps that I can use instead of wasting my time on FB, Insta or WhatsApp?
Should I stop posting status updates in Facebook if I don't get enough likes?
Will big companies like Facebook, Google and Rockstar accept me as a programmer without degree?
What are the names of websites to be used instead of wasting my time on Facebook?
What attribution tools give you insights into your Google and Facebook campaigns beyond what the platforms do by themselves?
How do I upload a video to make it autoplay in my Facebook timeline and Facebook page?
Does the Facebook app save your history?
Why does Facebook update its APK every other day?
What should I write on my Facebook wall to tell people that I am leaving Pune due to a transfer?
How do I find out who was the creater of a deleted page or profile?
What are the ways to get a Facebook friend's (a girl) phone number?
Can you track someone's IP from a comment he posted on Facebook?
How much would you have to spend to boost a post on FB to 1 million people?
Which font did Facebook use for their F8 2017 keynote?
What are the preferences for group posts?
Is it possible to ban plastic use completely in India? If so, how can we, as laymen, help to promote these ideas among the public, apart from using Facebook or any other social media?
How do I set Facebook page name like PewDiePie, without giving any space?
How do you find videos on Facebook?
How do I get someone’s contact info on Messenger?
Why isn't my university updating my merit page?
What is the right Facebook experience for your age?
Why don’t my social apps, Facebook, and WhatsApp remain connected to the internet? Every time I have to turn the mobile data off and then on to get notifications.
How can I know the exact location of a person who sent a message from the general Facebook website using mobile?
Do you know any pages on Facebook for crazy commercial ideas?
What might be cooking inside Facebook?
Are there students who used to waste their time on Facebook and then stopped?
I followed a person accidentally and then unfollowed them on Facebook. Will they receive a notification​?
How do I create Facebook notification using web worker?
Why did Facebook and Zuckerberg allow Social Network to be made?
How can I apply for Facebook’s new 3000 live-streaming monitoring jobs?
Does Facebook use metadata-driven development?
What data does Facebook SDK collect from app users?
How and on what basis do people get their Twitter/Facebook/Instagram accounts verified?
What is an appropriate line for a best friend who can’t be a Facebook friend?
How can I find people who have English content and they need a French translation, using Facebook groups?
Should I add online friends because I get a lot of requests?
How can I get more relevant and active followers for my Facebook page?
What are your favorite solutions to some of the biggest problems in the world?
How do I take a cool Facebook profile picture?
How can I see a friend’s active log?
How do I make FB accounts?
Is there an actual app or easy way I can monitor my spouse’s Facebook and email activity, besides leaving a long ad to hire some super hacker?
Did Mark Zuckerberg revolutionize artificial intelligence by creating Jarvis?
What is the best online tool for building a viable, engaging business network? LinkedIn? Facebook? Other?
How can I verify Facebook musician/band page?
What kind of data can I get from a Facebook user’s friends list after they log in using Facebook?
How do I create a catchy page for selling jewellery via FaceBook?
How can Facebook know if I scraped my custom audience mail list (Gmail, Hotmail etc.)?
What type of copyright issues can I expect if I’m creating a TV series page on Facebook?
How can we know when a person logs into Facebook?
How can I get Facebook to send me a new password for my ten-minute mail?
How can I see my boyfriend’s messages to other women on Facebook?
How do companies like Facebook, Google, and Microsoft hire employees?
How do I install Facebook CTF on Linux?
What is the procedure for getting the original information of a person from his fake Facebook account?
Is there any way to see older passwords list in Facebook?
What is the best way to have Many folowers on Facebook group?
How does Google/Facebook test their products? What are their automation testing strategies?
How can I read my partner's Facebook Messenger without having his phone?
How can I gain access to my Gmail and Facebook accounts? I don't have the same phone or number or the passwords associated with my accounts.
Have you liked a picture on Facebook/Instagram just for the sake of liking it?
Should we block people on Facebook whom we don't agree with? Under what circumstances should we block and under which should we not?
Why don't Indian women share pictures of their husbands on Facebook, and why do they never mention whom they're married to?
How can I block my Facebook page post from a specific person?
How important are software patents to a new Facebook or Google?
Can a person have more than one Facebook account?
How can I see the posts of a closed group and what they posted?
Can you post something that's not live on Facebook live?
Can you delete a group on Facebook?
Is there any real hacking of Facebook?
How do I delete all my Facebook posts at once? I am using an Android/Windows PC.
How can I find out who's looking at my Facebook profile that's not on my friend?
How can I automatically post on Facebook?
How do police track a deleted Facebook account's user IP address that was deleted 3 months ago?
What is the term for Mark Zuckerberg who is not money worshipper in all of his vocation?
How do I operate a Facebook fan page globally?
Will Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, etc. still be around in 50 years?
How do I change my Google Now feed so that it shows me local cards?
Why doesn't Facebook bring back the security feature of login approvals?
How do I allow people to subscribe to my email list using their Facebook account?
Who are the 10 best Facebook bloggers on weight loss?
Why does wowcrush.com not open in a tab, but it works while entering it in the comment box in Facebook?
Is there any tool to monitor relation status changes on Facebook?
What are the benefits of creating a Facebook page?
How can I monetize a Facebook group with more than 340K members?
Why do I sometimes get texted random Facebook password reset code messages?
Soon Facebook will die, as Mark Zuckerberg predicted the smartphone will die. The question is when?
Which is the best Facebook group on startup hiring?
Will Facebook be regulated? What would regulation look like?
Is there any feature on insta which enables people to accept requests of other users automatically?
How do I get a low click on Facebook ads?
Should I set up a new website like HONY’s Facebook page, but with more details?
How do I set up a new Facebook account with a different name and email?
Are affiliate links accepted for paid ads on Facebook, Google or other search engines?
Does the blue tick on Genelia D’Souza on Facebook indicate that it’s her who uses this account? Will she read my messages, or someone else will?
What kind of sponsored ads show up on your Facebook feed? Do they interest you or annoy you?
A page on Facebook stole one of my answers on Quora and posted it as their own. What can I do?
How could we fetch conversations from a deactivated account on Facebook?
How do Apple, Microsoft, Google, and Facebook compare at doing hardware?
Where do I find a Facebook strategist and a Facebook consumer acquisition specialist who can be results paid?
If nearby friends say 1mn, does that mean they were on Facebook a minute ago?
What is Facebook Audience Network?
What do you think regarding the meme culture that is becoming more and more prevalent in Facebook (and internet in general)?
How do I tag friends on Facebook on Android?
How do I promote a URL shortening website via AdWords, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.?
Whenever I mention someone in a Facebook comment, it is visible to everyone. How can I avoid that?
Can my Facebook post be seen by friends “through” the reaction of a friend to whom I have limited the post through "Custom"?
How can we see someone’s Facebook profile if they have blocked us?
What does this means, “This advert format is not currently supported in the desktop news feed”?
A kid asked my girlfriend for nudes on Facebook. He has a girlfriend, but kept asking for it. We found his mom on Facebook. Should we tell her?
Where can I find the Facebook page verification form?
How do I prevent Facebook from blocking my Facebook account?
One of my questions is not on my questions list but can be found on a Quora search with my name credited. What happened?
Can I sue Facebook for asking my identity?
Are there any Facebook pages like TheBetterIndia?
Why does Tinder show a friend I recently added on Facebook?
What's the best Facebook auto group poster software in 2017?
What do the ticks mean in Messenger?
How often do Facebook and Zuckerberg get sued?
How can I turn auto response on on Facebook when someone messages?
What could be the Facebook audience for men's business watches product?
Why do couples carry on conversations on Facebook rather than a phone call or text?
One requires code to run a website, so would it be possible to run Facebook with only one person?
Can I change the name of my Facebook page even if my account is temporarily blocked (i.e., I can't write anything)?
If Mark Zuckerberg ran for President and won, assuming China and other leaders allow FB to operate, is it in shareholders interest for him to run?
What's Facebook’s Como package for support engineers?
Can a freelancer cheat their customers as Mark Zuckerberg did with Winklevoss twins, according to the movie “Social Network”?
How can a minor monetize their Facebook pages?
What is the need of Facebook?
What would happen if Facebook is globally banned?
Do guys check their other messages when they have a crush on any stranger and they expect that stranger to message them on Facebook?
What percentage of Facebook users share their email IDs?
Can Google remove Facebook from the Play Store if they pose a significant threat to their business?
What are the recent changes in Facebook?
What does it mean when a friend (boy) likes a picture from few months ago on Facebook?
Why is pornography allowed on Instagram and Twitter, but strictly banned on Facebook?
How can we stop the “active now” on Messenger?
I accidentally clicked "prevent person from sending more requests" on Facebook and my best friend did the same thing, how do I re-friend him?
How do I find the number of Facebook users in a specific city?
Is Keanu Reeves on any kind of social media like Facebook or Twitter?
On Facebook, what happens when you "filter" a photo?
How do I create a contest on a Facebook page?
How can I sync Facebook birthdays to Google Calendar?
Is it possible to be blocked when you are not friends on Facebook?
How am I gonna open my pictures in Facebook and video, too?
How can I tell if my girlfriend is using secret messages on Facebook?
Will Google lose everything to Facebook?
Why do we use Facebook in social media marketing?
It is unpolite to add someone you don't know on Facebook?
If Facebook goes out of business tomorrow, will the world collapse?
How do I focus on study and stop using Facebook and stop playing Mini Militia?
What is business development at Facebook or Instagram?
Can my friend steal my password if I log into Facebook from his mobile browser? If so, how?
Are people who are blocked on Facebook aware of being blocked?
How can I get new script for auto-adding an FB group?
If I message someone on Facebook who I'm not friends with do they get to read the message before deciding whether to accept my request to friend me?
How do people appear in suggestion list on Facebook?
How can I get the rights to my dead brother's Facebook page? I would like it to be changed to a memorial page, but I do not know how to do this.
Can Facebook see startpage searches?
Can you tell who someone is messaging on Messenger?
What does it mean when it says your mobile number was removed from your account because it was registered and verified buy another Facebook user?
Can one hack FB accounts using online tutorials?
If Google, Facebook, Apple, Amazon and Microsoft were declared monopolies, what would be the best way to break each of them up?
How do you tag a name in a Facebook page post?
How serious a problem is social media addiction?
What are some important community or common interest Facebook groups, secret or closed? In what interesting ways are they used by members?
How can I collect emails on my Facebook page?
How do I delete multiple messages in Messenger?
How do I find my friend’s Facebook comments?
Does Facebook record audio on users' devices for ad-targeting purposes?
Why is there little information about the Facebook founders (other than Mark Zuckerberg)?
Will your friend see your activity on Facebook Messenger when your messenger is running in the background?
Is it wrong to brag on Facebook page about your company's projects?
Does Facebook use an image as its background?
Why is my question not on my profile page anymore?
How can I chat with a following friend on Facebook?
Why would someone friend request you on Facebook then pretend they didn't?
How can I find someone using my Facebook without my knowledge?
How close to reality is Facebook’s claim that their BCI will enable humans to type 100wpm by just thinking?
How can I read a message on another person’s Facebook account without knowing their names?
What is the architecture of a Facebook Messenger extension?
Is Facebook liking a page for me without my permission?
How can I allow everyone to like my photos on Facebook?
How do I unblock myself from someone’s Facebook account?
Should someone with Asperger’s have a Facebook account?
Should Quora add feature opening the links internally within the app like Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter?
How can I crop a Facebook photo?
Is it legal to use Facebook for commercial purposes?
How can someone get money from Facebook?
A guy on Facebook proposed to me online, and I accepted the proposal and it's been a month. We are in a relationship. Is he using me, or is he really serious?
What is the email ID of Facebook?
If you send a message and deactivate your Facebook account, will they still see your name?
Are school children now addicted to Facebook?
How can I share the url of a Facebook advert?
What software does Facebook use for its videos?
How does Facebook display what your friends have liked?
Is it possible for my friend to re-tag me on a photo on Instagram? I have accidentally removed the tag. Can’t re-tag it now. Is there a way?
Who are the 'Aji Haan' Facebook page admins?
Is the idea of Facebook patented?
Can a deactivated Facebook account be hacked or not?
We are not Facebook friends anymore, but we do have preexisting conversations from when we were. I sent the message two days ago and it still says "sent" but not "delivered.” Will he be able to read it?
There is a lot of conflicting advice on Facebook ads. If there was any question you could ask about Facebook advertising, what would it be?
Should I use Facebook as my personal diary and fully fill profile with personal data?
How can I align text to the right on Facebook?
What are the advanced features of Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter?
What might a Facebook advertiser attempt to sell a suicidal teenager?
What are some good Facebook page and page post autolikers that give 200+ likes on a single click?
How do you hide being on messenger?
How do I hide my Facebook relationship status but keep it visible on my fiancee's profile for her friends?
How do I recover Facebook acount without Gmail and password?
Why do Bangalore-based troll Facebook pages behave so cheaply and make themselves the troll at the end?
Can you use a picture you previously saved from Facebook to relocate it on Facebook?
How do I know if my friend has a dual messenger in the same account?
Do Google, Apple, and Facebook hire Qt/C++ engineers?
What access do social networks (Facebook, Twitter etc) allow you to have on their users’ data and how real time is that data?
How do I update a blank status on Facebook?
Why are internet providers going to block Facebook once we don't have net neutrality anymore?
Can one send a Facebook friend request using Facebook SDK?
Why do the same notifications continue to show unread count on Facebook on the Android app even after opening them?
How do some Facebook pages put advertisement in between of the video?
How difficult is it to run a small business' Facebook page?
Is there is any way to upload .mp3 files to Facebook and YouTube with fixed images with high resolution?
Whom can I contact on Facebook to ask about an MA in literature?
How do you retrieve a lost Facebook password?
Can you hide a friend from your friends list?
Will people on my Facebook page be able to read what I write here on Quora?
What is an alternative to Facebook and Instagram?
What does “favorites” in Facebook Messenger mean?
Does Facebook record your video calls on Facebook?
What is the bullish argument for Amazon, Apple, Google, Facebook, Microsoft, and Netflix?
Someone sent me a message and a friend request. I deleted the friend request. Does that delete the message also?
How can I make my relationship status on Facebook visible to public except for one friend whom I don't wish to block?
I am dreadfully provoked. How do I trigger a shocking amount of destruction in a lawsuit against Facebook, on a very low budget?
How can I appear online on Facebook every time?
How do you know who has friended you on Facebook?
What happened to the Facebook website?
What is the reason for someone disappearing from the “people you may know” list on Facebook? Does it mean the person removed himself/herself or is this a Facebook decision?
Why can I not unblock someone from my Facebook?
I spent $12 per day for 3 days on Facebook ads, which got me 300 website views per day, but no sales; should I end the campaign or spend more?
How can I buy Facebook likes, YouTube subscribers and Twitter followers?
What is the motivation for Facebook to push their Top Stories newsfeed?
Would it show as delivered if they didn't have a Messenger account?
Can ex-convicts in Australia have gun photos on Facebook?
Can people see the Facebook pages I own?
Which is more complicated in terms of design, Facebook website or F22 Raptor?
What is the user doing in Facebook during active?
Would Facebook achieve the same kind of success (or even exist) had Zuckerberg attended a different school?
How many codes were used to make Facebook, and how many days did it take?
How can one tap a large audience on a particular Facebook page?
How do I tell if someone is new on Facebook?
What season is it where you are right now?
Where can I find Facebook profile data?
How do I integrate Facebook Pixel with TheBookingButton?
Do you have to delete your Messenger app if you have already scheduled your FB for deletion?
What mental & emotional health issues do people get from social media like Facebook and Twitter?
Why can't my friends mention me in comments so I can have a notification? It just appears in black font, not blue with a link to my page.
How can I reduce my addiction to FB?
Why doesn't Facebook allow you to sign in from Tor?
Is it ethical to share and alter a post from one Facebook page to another, adding a misleading image to the new post?
What can I do to resize an event photo to fit on a Facebook page, if I don't have Photoshop? Is there any way to do it online for free?
How many times can we change birthday in FB?
Can we make multiple Chegg accounts using different Facebook IDs but bearing the same credentials (name, DOB, address, ID proof, etc.)?
What happend if I spam messages on Facebook?
How does geolocation work on popular websites like Google, Facebook, and YouTube?
How do I tell if someone with a mobile phone is on Messenger chat or browsing Facebook?
What is the difference between people who use Facebook, Instagram, and Snapchat more and people who use Quora more?
Who is the king of the internet, Google, Facebook or WordPress?
Is the secret conversation encrypted when the device key doesn't match?
What is the perfect name for my Facebook cricket page?
How can I broadcast live IPL matches on my Facebook page?
Why do other social media companies not create revolutionary tech like Facebook does?
What is your most hated Facebook trend today?
What kind of content do people consume on Facebook versus Instagram and other social media platforms?
How can I generate leads directly in my Autoresponder and Webinar list using Facebook Ads?
What are the Poke and Wave features in Messenger during chatting?
Can I get my deleted conversation back on Messenger?
How far has Facebook degraded you in studies?
How long does Facebook take to verify one’s ID?
What does it mean when you are friends with someone on Facebook but you can't see them on any of your friends lists when they used to be there?
What are some ways to unsync your contacts from Facebook on your Android?
How do I get to see posts (other than my own) from Linkedin and Facebook on my Hootsuite?
Why are people operating fun Facebook pages? Does Facebook pay for this?
How can I move all my saved Facebook posts to a Word document or a PDF?
Is it possible to extract the time for every like and share on Facebook brand pages?
Why is News for nerds, stuff that matters showing “You are not allowed to use this resource.” instead of posting feeds?
Does Facebook show previous logged in locations as the current login?
How do I read a message without the seen mark in hangouts messenger?
How do I block a profile on Facebook?
Why did Facebook Messenger decide to focus on ads only while other messaging platforms such as WeChat and Line make money from payments, commerce etc.?
How can I see the secret conversations of my spouse in Messenger?
How do I create a female Facebook account for MMM?
How can I know my opponents' advertising in Facebook?
What is the different when doing marketing by between Billboard and Facebook?
What is the truth percentage in social media news like on FB or WhatsApp?
This message pops up on the screen "this person is not available right now". What does this mean? Am I blocked by my friend or I was temporary blocked?
Why can I see the “Add friend”/“Send message” buttons next to a profile picture on a phone but not on a laptop?
What would the social ramifications be if Facebook was shutdown?
Why don't we make our own apps instead of using Facebook and Google in India?
Does it make sense to use additional user information (like age, sex or even Facebook likes) for recommendation systems?
What are the problems in Rails that prevent it from carrying big sites like Facebook, WhatsApp or Google?
Which is the minimum age to use Facebook?
Why won't Facebook load complete photo albums, it just has a spinning cursor?
How do I comment on a Facebook page post through a C++ program?
How does a public post on Facebook get more likes?
How can I permanently turn off Facebook's region based pages?
How do you make One single Page your default page in WIX without a /name after?
What is the best Facebook group for expats in your country/city? What rules does it have?
Does Facebook monitor our everyday life?
How can I earn on Facebook or other social media sites?
How does one stop oneself from being an active Facebook and an Instagram addict?
Is there any way to retrieve my old Facebook account password?
Facebook is not responding to my ID verification for the last 1.5 years. What can I do?
How can we create large YouTube thumbnails which are playable on the Facebook app? Is there any solution?
Would you "out" a racist on Facebook to their employer or clients?
How would I know if I’m blocked by someone on Messenger?
How can I inbox somebody on Facebook Messenger?
I saw a girl on Facebook and instantly got attracted to her. But she doesn't know me at all. Should I send her a friend request?
Do the number of views shown on our stats page include views from outside sources such as Google, Facebook, etc.?
What is RMIT like for a Master’s in laboratory medicine? The reviews on their Facebook page are very negative, and I would like to hear the views of their alumni.
How do I know if a message request I received is not a fake?
If I have a Google remarketing code in xyz website, will it capture the traffic coming through Facebook as well?
How can I recover my Facebook account if my mobile number is expired?
How much does Google, Facebook and Microsoft earn from India?
What are the strengths of Mark Zuckerberg?
Can Facebook be defeated by a new company? If yes, how? If no, why not?
How do I get the password for a Facebook friend without permission?
Is there a similar thing as Activity Log from Facebook on Quora? Can I see the posts I upvoted?
What does it say about a person who unfriends you on Facebook because you don't like Trump?
How do you undelete Facebook messages properly?
Is working at Google or Facebook as a software engineer better than college life?
I'm trying to cause a shocking amount of destruction by suing Facebook ($20B). As a Nigerian, how do I bring this lawsuit to fruition?
Is there a way to earn from Facebook like YouTube?
How can an African apply for the, 3000 live streaming monitoring jobs at Facebook?
How do I make a IFTTT recipe to post on FB business page, instead of a FB personal page?
Does WhatsApp still work in China? Since last year, it’s owned by Facebook, no?
How do I remove phone number from my Facebook account?
What is the meaning of accepting an interest request in community matrimony?
If I block someone on Facebook then I unblock him, will the past conversation would be deleted on both accounts (me and him)?
How can I see who has blocked me on Facebook?
What is the best Facebook ads type if there is no web page?
How do 3rd party companies get your Facebook page or Instagram account verified with a blue tick in return for money?
If you unfriend someone on FB, would they know it?
How do I get rid of a Facebook and Twitter addiction?
How can I report a cyber crime on a Facebook comment in India?
What is it, to recover a close friend list?
Will Tinder update my profile pictures without my knowledge?
Is the WhatsApp company under the Facebook company?
Is it possible to merge a restaurant FB page with a musician FB page?
How can I personally conduct social listening on Facebook without the use of questioners or third-party tools?
Is there a way of cross posting images on multiple Facebook pages?
How can I be as good as Google or Facebook developers?
Why is FB using so much space on my phone?
When does Messenger show you as being online? Can Messenger show that you are online without you opening Facebook?
How can I add a photo on my own Facebook post?
How do I get Facebook to enable my payment method which was disabled?
Are there any Indian stock market experts to follow on Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, or Quora?
Can we run multiple lead ads in Facebook?
How can I upload, save and display a profile picture in PHP?
What is the best strategy through Facebook for startups?
How do entrepreneurs like Tim Cook and Mark Zuckerberg sleep only a few hours and remain completely awake the rest of the day?
Among Google, Apple, Facebook, Amazon and Microsoft, which one gets more information about users?
Why did Quora make comments optional? I can no longer comment on something or read other comments. Did Quora just give users the power to censor posts?
Are the terms "Like" and "mutual Friends" owned by Facebook?
Are there any websites which could drive web traffic from a Facebook page?
Why do people keep posting political rubbish on Facebook?
How do you find a person’s Facebook page or wall?
How can I replicate dynamically Facebook Post comments on a Wordpress article?
What programming languages/technologies are beneficial to Android developers at large companies like Google, Amazon, Facebook, Uber, etc.?
Why do my own Facebook posts sometimes not show up in my news feed?
How can I get the first message of a Facebook chat?
How we can promote webinar on Facebook?
Is it cool to send a friend request on Facebook to your crush, who is your junior?
Why is my ad placement on Facebook smaller than my mobile ad placement?
How can I automate my work on Facebook?
Is Facebook down? Getting an error saying "Sorry, something went wrong. We're working on it and we'll get it fixed as soon as we can."
How does Facebook choose a friend from your friends list for friendiversary?
What is the best way to save Facebook videos to a computer?
How do I apply for a violet video reader on Facebook?
Can I see if I'm in someone's top six Facebook friends list?
Has Google or Facebook ever recruited KIIT students?
How much should I charge for designing a Facebook page?
How safe is a video call between a couple in Imo or Facebook Messenger?
What is the reason behind many people taking up photography as a hobby in recent times?
A few years ago I was terminated from Facebook. A recruiter who saw I used to work there has reached out asking if I want to return. Is this an error?
I deactivated my Facebook account 2 years ago or more. I remember the email address but totally forgot the password. Is there any way to restore it?
What’s the average usage of WhatsApp and Facebook?
How do I make a Facebook Messenger QR code?
If a Facebook acquaintance becomes an energy vampire, does social media etiquette require giving her an explanation before I unfriend or block her?
How will Facebook’s marketplace impact Craigslist and eBay's growth?
Why does data on Google Analytics differ from data on social media platforms, specifically Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram?
How is Facebook associated with Reliance Jio?
How social media such as Facebook, path, Snapchat promote their platform at early stages?
Does Mark Zuckerberg waste time on Facebook?
If a Facebook login is compromised, what personal data will be lost??
Why would your ex keep taking themselves off Facebook when you already have them blocked?
Do we need social networking sites for success? Is there any use of these sites for our academic growth?
How did I show up on Facebook’s Nearby Friends?
Why isn't Facebook Group app loading? When will this problem be solved?
What are disadvantages of converting your Facebook profile to a Facebook page in 2017?
On Facebook Messenger, what causes a message request to go from sent (blue circle with checkmark) to delivered (filled in blue circle with checkmark)?
Why is Facebook involved in VR?
Will users be able to search their Activity Logs of their Facebook Timeline?
Which makes a better reach on Facebook, creating a post on this event hosted by the page or by the page itself?
Is it possible to turn off unwanted videos in Facebook?
How do I find somebody’s Facebook username?
Can I get an app to hack a Facebook account?
How do I generate large YouTube video thumbnails for Facebook without any site promotion?
Does it affect anything on Facebook if I get blocked?
How can I talk to someone from the Facebook office?
Is it forbidden to sell private ads on a Facebook group as an administrator of the group?
Is iodised salt a bad business tactic? Is it necessary when iodine evaporates upon warming ?
How does one manage/ take control of a Facebook group without an admin?
How do I overcome the desperation of being in a social network despite knowing that no one chats with me or likes my posts?
Why would a name show up several times under a Facebook search?
How do you differentiate between paid Facebook views/clicks to site and organic Facebook views/clicks to site in Google Analytics?
Why does my new account have a different "activity log" (likes) look from my old Instagram?
Do you think the Logical Indian Facebook page is anti Hindu?
Can a Facebook user on Messenger be a creeper?
Why does Facebook Live Map keep crashing when viewing certain live casts? Some streams crash quickly and other seem to stay up and running smoothly.
When will Facebook launch its augmented reality learning platform?
Is it possible to record Facebook voice calls on Windows using Chrome?
What would you advise me to do, if I want to push aside Facebook?
Can I get do follow backlinks from Facebook and Google Plus?
How can I change the Facebook page info?
Why do Android phones come with the Facebook app? Does Facebook pay Google?
Does adding someone you like on Facebook a big deal?
How do I get my friend’s number in Facebook Messenger?
How often does Facebook messenger archive messages?
Is the information about health given on Facebook through Facebook pages correct?
How can I get people to see my Patreon page?
How do you design a Facebook banner?
Facebook’s rules say that if your account is disabled, you need permission to make a new account. Where do you go to ask?
Can I use a Nikon D5300 for a live feed on Facebook? If yes, what are the things I need to do in order to do so?
Is it possible to upload and store unlimited HD pictures on Facebook for free?
How do you compare Facebook, Twitter and Quora in Indian users perspective?
How can I see when my friends were last on Facebook, since the last update?
How does Facebook get its sponsored ads?
How can I change the Facebook account email account in Quora.com?
How do I sign into my Facebook account with a profile picture?
How do people put special effect on live Facebook videos?
How do I suggest my opinion to Facebook CEO?
Should I stop using Facebook?
How can I read my man’s Facebook messages?
How can you tell, when someone shows active on Facebook Messenger, that a person is chatting with someone else?
My girlfriend blocked her ex on Facebook, but I can still see her likes and comments on his post from a couple of years ago. Has she unblocked?
How do people in the Google office see if someone says, "Add me in Facebook," or "Facebook me"?
How can I increase my Facebook revenue by giving discounts on products in Magento?
How can I change my likes on Facebook?
How did Mark Zuckerberg earn money when he started Facebook and turned the website into a billion-dollar company?
Why is Facebook trying to force me to use the app, instead of Safari on iPad?
How can I earn with my fb fashion page which has around 100k likes?
Are there ways to see some friends that want to hide?
Can my client pay for his Facebook ads if his page is in my Business Manager account?
How can Facebook be hacked with the SS7 flaw?
How do I apply for a job at Facebook?
I'm American and I'm looking to make friends on Facebook who live in Ireland. How do I go about doing this?
What is the procedure to find out who saw my profile recently in Facebook?
Did you ever love someone so much that you end up getting blocked on Facebook \U0001f601?
Someone is trying to hack my Facebook constantly and I'm receiving password change requests. How do I secure it?
Is This rac?
How do I create an app like Facebook with an auto backup facility?
Where is my friend’s list?
How can my startup story be as popular as Mark Zuckerberg or Facebook?
I can't submit a Facebook disabled appeal, my account is currently disabled. What should I do now?
On which Facebook page or group can widowers be found?
Will deleting a comment on Facebook delete it everywhere or just on my device?
How do I prevent a person seeing my post in Facebook who is not a friend to me?
What are some new Facebook tips and tricks?
Why have the games like Millionaire City been stopped by Facebook?
Why do companies like Facebook and IMO pay stipends if the employees stay less than 5 miles from the office?
Why doesn't Instagram have react emoticons like Facebook?
What does increasing ad spend on a Facebook Ad Set actually do?
Who are the people behind faking news Facebook page?
Does Facebook have an AdSense program like Google’s?
What script would I need to grant a redirect after a successful Facebook login app, if the app is hosted on a stand alone landing page domain?
I have already downloaded WhatsApp Messenger. Now, how do I start chatting?
What are the digital media strategy you used for relevant website traffic and lead generation apart from Google and Facebook platform?
Who can find out a person behind a fake Facebook account?
How do I promote my Indiegogo page?
Does Facebook prefer to hire developers who are active on Facebook as users?
Can I search for any Facebook account​ by an uploaded pic on that account​?
Is Facebook useless for students?
How can I connect my Instagram to my Facebook using my laptop, because I forgot my Instagram password?
Is there a grand piano at Facebook's Menlo Park campus?
How do I target FaceBook adverts to clothing brands?
How can I monitor and hack my husband`s Facebook conversations and WhatsApp account?
How can I get back into my Facebook account, using my security question?
Can you sue someone for invading your privacy? Like personal things, Facebook/phone messages, etc.?
How can I market a local medical spa on Facebook?
How can I hide my Facebook activity from my girlfriend?
What would happen to their respective companies if Mark Zuckerberg and Satya Nadela interchanged their posts with enough knowledge of the products of the other company?
What does "in a relationship" on Facebook in Mumbai means?
Why is there so much offensive material on Facebook?
What do the circles around the camera in Messenger mean?
What does Facebook use Git for?
How do I find out the email address associated with a private message sent to me through Facebook?
In the future, what company could possibly defeat Facebook in the social media industry? And why?
What would happen if someone tag a person on a video I shared to selected people on Facebook?
How do I hide my friend list on Facebook?
Can I connect my existing 8 Ball Pool, which is connected to my Google account, to Facebook?
Facebook says that they're not taking applications for blue checkmark verifications at the moment. How do you get one?
Can you see when a friend has viewed your Facebook?
What are Facebook's SWOTs?
Do Facebook users find Facebook less appealing since the removal of interest lists (adding pages to lists)?
How do I tell my autistic brother that he will never become a programmer at Google or Facebook, etc.?
How accurate is the Facebook audience size meter?
How many characters can we write if we post something on Facebook?
How do I do target marketing through Facebook boost?
How do I promote an online store or Facebook page in a different​ country​ (eg Australia)?
When Facebook rejects my page appeal, what else can I do, especially when I am confident that I did not do all of the things that the page is being accused of?
Why did Facebook ask me if I knew a specific girl from the suggestion list?
Is being an out-of-state applicant for a business job at companies such as Google, Facebook, and Apple a disadvantage?
What's the funniest/weirdest Facebook message request you've gotten?
How can I recover one post that I posted in a Facebook group if I deleted it unexpectedly?
When on Facebook Messenger, what does it mean when you see “video chat” under one of your contact’s name?
How do certain products (or news) that are not more special than others (fidget spinner, Facebook, etc.) become so popular?
Is it normal to brag about your academic grades on social media sites like Facebook?
Is it wrong to unfriend someone in my circle of friends?
How can I contact Facebook’s/Twitter’s CEO?
What are the best platforms to distribute your blog posts besides the usual Facebook, Instagram and EDMs?
Is there any Tamilian working in Facebook, Google and Microsoft?
Why do some follow unknown people on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and what is their actual intention?
How does Facebook ad work?
What are the best app to get auto comment on Facebook page or account?
Does Facebook provide any API to log in to an account with Python?
Can I host multiple Facebook live streams on a website?
Is it possible to look at items available in a Facebook merchandise store online?
How do you use a Facebook Pixel to create a custom audience of everyone who visits your website if it's installed on multiple websites?
How do I create a bot/website which can search for a particular hashtag or keyword on Twitter/Facebook from the people I follow?
Is it possible to use old versions of websites such as LinkedIn and Facebook?
What do you think about suicide on social media like Facebook? I just saw the news that a man is killing his baby, daughter, and himself.
How do I merge two FB accounts? Will I lose photos?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked me how I was doing?
What cool analytics stuff can you do with your Facebook messaging history?
How do I comment on a Facebook post and have it stand out?
What are the features of Facebook video post translation?
What is the most customizable plugin for Facebook photos / albums in WordPress?
What are the best interests to use on Facebook ads for watches?
How do I get people off Facebook and onto my website?
Does Quora sell data to Facebook?
If I were to start a Facebook group to discuss canonical events in Star Wars, how do I get people to join?
How can I download Facebook videos in an Andriod phone?
How can you go into a person's page that blocked you?
In what update where Facebook chat heads removed?
What should you say in your first chat with an unknown friend on Facebook if she is online?
Is it illegal for me to share a standard YouTube licensed video with my friends on Facebook?
Can I see “last seen” on Messenger if I am not her friend on Facebook?
What does it mean on Facebook Messenger when the status says active a minute or minutes ago, but the color green indicator does not show?
How do I avoid tagging on Facebook?
Why do exes tend to create fake Facebook accounts to spy on you? I mean, the relationship ended, so why spy on her/him?
Why is there no rival app for Facebook?
Why are engineers trolled so much on social media, especially Facebook?
Should I share my book cover and description on social networking sites before publishing it on KDP?
Is there still a chance in 2017 to compete with Facebook?
What URLs should I insert in Facebook ads, "view tags"?
How are ad blockers affecting journalism?
What is the proper way to absorb an existing Facebook page when you acquire a business and location?
Why doesn't Facebook care about UI?
Is it okay to accept a friend requests you get in Facebook without knowing them in person but you have mutual friends?
How do I view my Instagram activity on Facebook?
Does popularity on Facebook affect your popularity in real life?
Does Facebook help to get into a relationship?
How do I react thankfully on Facebook?
Is is possible to do affiliate marketing on Facebook directly without having any website or blog?
How do you see videos on Facebook with your phone?
How do my videos go live on Facebook?
Why does the person I search for on Facebook show up many times?
How do I use Facebook links on LinkedIn?
I've just joined Facebook. What are some things I should keep in mind? (while making my profile, posting, etc.)
What was it like to date Sheryl Sandberg?
Why is Facebook installed on Android 6 Sony Xperia X permanently and can’t be uninstalled?
How can anyone give up the addiction of Facebook?
Is it possible to know who has viewed my Facebook page?
If someone keeps blocking and unblocking on Facebook, does it affect the photo in search?
Do Aspies often have Facebook feeds with higher S/N ratio (especially to outsiders)?
How can I get the 2010 version of Facebook back?
Should I use int or VARCHAR in MySQL (or other databases)?
What does the green picture with wine on messenger mean?
How can I see which non-friends have viewed my Facebook page?
If I want to start up a social media site a little like Facebook, what is the easiest way to do it?
Facebook has expanded the content review team. Does it show that China's network management has something to learn from it?
Is Facebook a cult?
What do Facebook metrics like the total views of a page actually & honestly mean?
What rules does Facebook implement to claim companies’ trademarks?
How can find friends on Facebook by their IP?
Is there a significant risk involved in posting an image on Facebook that includes the license plate number on a relative’s car?
What happened to Facebook games?
Is making a fan page on Facebook or Instagram legal?
How can I reach someone in the Facebook Ads team? My ads don't work. The budgets are not being used, targeting variations are done, tickets are being raised, and nothing works.
How does Facebook still know my e-mail address after clearing my browser data?
Which WordPress plugin allows users to create business pages, like Facebook pages?
How do I make money from a fake Facebook account with 4000 friends and 1000 followers?
How do I find the location of a Facebook user?
AdSense ads are not showing whena user is coming from Facebook. Why is this happening only with me on Facebook?
Why do my friends’ profiles show eight pictures of their friends?
Why hasn't Twitter grown like Facebook?
Is there a way to upload a video with a photo album on Facebook?
When can I share a post from another page in a group from my new account so Facebook doesn't block that account?
Why do my questions not show up on my page?
Do cricketers have their own FB IDs?
Why can't I see my Facebook followers?
What does it mean on Facebook when it says contact?
How do I change the color of my comments in Facebook?
How much remuneration do people earn from verified account (Facebook/Instagram)?
Did anyone try to make an alternate version of Facebook or Quora?
Why it is that someone sees my message on Facebook but "seen" does not appear at that time. After some hours it appears as seen hours ago?
Will I ever return to my Facebook sociability? Folks seem to worry that they haven't read my postings in 2 months.
Should I deactivate my Facebook account before I attend college?
How do I change my name on Messenger on my Android?
How do I add my Twitter account to my FB account?
Should I ask my fiance why she has blocked me on Snapchat, Instagram and Facebook? Should I just trust her?
Would you rather rule Facebook or Quora?
Can I hack Facebook accounts by using a rooted Android mobile?
Can a Facebook business manager account create a Facebook page?
Is there any channel similar to NatandLo for Facebook?
Why is it that some of the sponsored ads on Google and Facebook are linked to what you search for on the Internet?
How can I get licence key for Facebook tool kit?
How do I hack Facebook likes on Android?
What access do social networks (Facebook, Twitter etc) allow you to have on their users’ data and how real-time is that data? How can you use it?
What does Mark Zuckerberg do as he works 60 hours per week? Does he code or go to meetings and stuff?
Does a person know when I save his/her profile image on Facebook?
What tools did Mark Zuckerberg use to build Facebook, and what programming language are used at Facebook?
What would 9/11 have been like if social media (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.) had the same prevalence then that it does today?
How do I warn the Facebook CEO directly, without any third party?
What is Facebook actually meant for?
How do I convince my mom to join Facebook?
Will Facebook, Twitter, and WhatsApp lead to death?
What are the allegations against Mark Zuckerberg in the social network movie?
Is there an app or a script that will give you notifications about the activity of your "close friends," like what Facebook used to give, e.g., when they comment?
How can we post Twitter posts on Facebook automatically?
How do I find out Facebook user's email with Facebook ID or username?
What database or storage is used by Facebook to store its live streaming data?
I was an administrator of a Facebook group and I deleted my account. What happened with the group?
What should be the motive behind updating a story on Snapchat?
Is it bad for Facebook’s and Instagram’s branding to copycat tons of features from other apps?
What is the process of getting business page verification tick on Facebook?
I can't access my Facebook account because the confirmation code is being sent to my old mobile number, which I lost. What should I do?
Is Facebook a DDOS attack on humanity?
Is it really possible to hack someone's messenger acct?
What should I name my Facebook page which is based on affiliate marketing?
What are the main uses of Twitter and Facebook sentiment analysis?
Is it possible to access a Facebook account with two different passwords?
What is the diameter of a large graph (Facebook or Google graph) used for? What are the applications and some usage cases?
One girl “unfriended” me on Facebook and in turn it made me so disappointed that I blocked her. Was that the right thing to do?
Does changing your password on Facebook guarantee your hacked account is 100% safe now?
What are the signs that your Facebook page is being blocked?
What is the the structure of Facebook iOS and Android application?
How dangerous are pseudo-intellectual posts and channels on social networks (Facebook, Youtube, etc.)? How does it really affect a comman man like me?
Why do many people consider Facebook a waste of time?
What year did you start using Facebook? I started in 2011.
Can you explain these conflicting Facebook video metrics?
Does Facebook and/or Instagram watermark their users’ content?
How do I add pictures on Facebook to a gallery?
How many Facebook accounts does Jennifer Vincent have?
Is Gmail easier than Facebook to be hacked?
How can I download a Facebook video on my phone?
How can I log in to FB without a password or an email?
How often and for what type of posts do you use Facebook?
How can I tell if a friend I am following is excluding me from their posts on Facebook?
How do I make a good looking website like Facebook or Quora?
Are Apple, Alphabet, Facebook, etc., working directly to advance the field of health/medicine?
Should I quit Facebook, WhatsApp, and other social media sites for a better future?
Should I make a Facebook account if I am about to reach class XI or would it be distracting to me later on?
What circle in Pinterest posts mean?
Why are there less number of likes on Quora's posts on Facebook?
What is the minimum cost for Facebook ads in India?
How could Facebook's brain-computer interface become a mass market product?
Is Mr. Mark Zuckerberg’s personal e-mail address contact available, just for me?
Is it good practice to write likes and dislikes when the buttons are clicked directly to a database such as MySQL or put them in an async queue?
When is Facebook going to die?
How long does Facebook take to close an account in case of inactivity?
Why would my iPhone appear to be logged into my Facebook account as an iPad?
Should I post a picture of my (plastered) broken hand on Facebook?
How can we see others’ updates on Facebook without having a Facebook account?
How do you add a countdown to a Facebook page?
Why are there no dates/timestamps visible on the questions and answers in Facebook’s Help Community?
How many marketing tricks does Facebook have?
How does Facebook approve ads? How do they do it so quickly?
What will be happen with Facebook in future, let's say in two or five years?
Other than Amazon, Facebook, etc., what are some other big companies that use mergers and acquisitions as part of their growth strategy?
What do the 5 dots appearing at the beginning of the Facebook Lite app mean? Does each dot represent any level of connection establishment?
How can I pay for a Facebook page in Uganda since I have no card?
What would Magic Leap do if Avegant & Microsoft teamed up to make a light field HoloLens?
Should I delete my Facebook account right now? I want to begin anew.
On my MetroPCS account, how do I get access to my second line?
On Facebook, girls get more likes and comments. Is the same thing happening on Quora?
Where will I find my friends on FB who want to be my friend?
How do I delete all Messenger messages?
How do Facebook chatbot platforms allow users to create bots tied to Facebook pages without requiring a Facebook app review for each new page?
Frequently, I visit someone's profile in Facebook, but I don’t get that person's name in the “people you may know” list. Why?
Is there any way to find out who had commented on your public post?
Why did you "unfriend" all of your Facebook friends?
Facebook Instant Articles Doesn't show Ads, can someone help?
Why does Facebook create a dark web website?
Should I send a girl that I only met once a friend request?
Can I Share a text file on Facebook?
Will Facebook be a good choice to post my song covers?
A has blocked B's account on Facebook. If C (a mutual friend of both A and B) comments on a post or a photo posted by A, will B be able to see that post or photo?
What is the use of a hashtag on Facebook or Instagram when uploading an image?
Can anyone spy on my Facebook?
If you read a Facebook Messenger message via a push notification without opening the app, will the sender see their message as being marked read?
Do you think Quora will soon run promotions on paid advertisements from businesses just like Facebook to build revenue?
Does Facebook pay for likes on a page like YouTube does?
What explains Author Nikita Singh's success? Does she really write good books (or) the 64k fans on her Facebook page are just fans of her prettiness?
Do you like your fans on Quora more than you like your fans on Facebook?
Is it a crime to look at someone's Facebook and Instagram PG?
Can I create a Facebook based visualization? If yes, how do I start?
Will Facebook survive another 15 years?
Are Facebook Messenger’s “encrypted” secret messages easily monitored by Facebook, as they claim to be able to monitor certain behaviors and messages?
A person is using my old profile picture as his profile picture. He is accessing Facebook with another name. How can I find that profile?
Is the best way to reach potential users for a new app via Facebook, ads, or other means?
According to you, is Facebook a successful dating platform?
Lately I've been receiving friend requests from girls whom I don't know personally. What could be the reason?
What is India doing for Syrian refugees other than tweeting and sharing Facebook posts?
How can I make friends with English native speakers on some websites like Facebook and Twitter?
How can I find my friend’s Facebook account by only searching by contact number?
How do I find password of Instagram without Facebook?
How can I get the phone number of my friend on Facebook?
What is Google really scared of, other than Facebook ads?
How do I earn via Facebook and Instagram pages, likes, etc.?
What are some interesting secret Facebook groups?
Where did my Facebook location address go?
How do I write an effective and super convincing Facebook post to invite friends to attend an important event for charity that they can't ignore?
Are there any social networks that have a Facebook style theme?
Facebook was founded by five people. Why it is that Mark Zuckerberg is the CEO & not any other?
Does Facebook accept plugins created by individuals? What is the process?
How can I add a job tab on my Facebook page?
Who can I contact if I need to stop someone from using my email to set up a Facebook account?
What is the limit of Facebook friend requests?
How bad is Facebook addiction?
Can an engineering fresher student do a job at Facebook?
How do I do multiple posts in an FB group by posting once?
A has blocked B's account on Facebook. If C (a mutual friend of both A and B) comments on a post or photo posted by A, will B be able see C's comment or like on that post or photo?
How can I target business owners on Facebook who are likely to be interested in online marketing?
Is there any Facebook or WhatsApp group for law aspirants?
How do I convert a comment into a post on Facebook?
How do I verify my entertainment website Facebook page?
Is there a way to prevent someone from following a Facebook Page without also liking it?
How does Facebook generate the "friends who will miss you" shown in the account deactivation process?
Why does the wrong image appear when I share a website or a post on the social networks?
Why do people always appear online on Facebook?
Is posting and sharing political stuff on Facebook bad?
How do I prepare myself to get into the data teams of Google, Facebook, etc.?
Is it possible to hack Facebook online?
How do I update my status to a client?
Is Facebook just a socially-accepted platform for people to brag?
Is it possible that other people can read my messenger?
How does Facebook know my friends?
I need to focus. How can I stop Messenger and all these apps that force me to receive messages and calls even when I block the notifications?
On a Facebook page, what ratio is good for the number of post reaches to likes?
Does Facebook show your profile to the people who have saved your mobile no. and are on Facebook?
I am trying to opening my Facebook account, but it reports an error due to some problem on the website. What does that mean?
To what extent do adults practice their freedom of expression on Facebook?
How do I delete my Facebook ID permanently?
Do common users more often use Facebook or Google authentication when they register for a mobile app?
How many users access Facebook Live via mobile?
Is there a way to fast processing the Facebook friends list?
Do you find it odd that Facebook, YouTube, and Twitter ban users for no reason but they won't ban accounts of Islamic extremists?
How do I set up a WhatsApp group so that only the administrator can see incoming messages and, when posting them out, all the participants are able to see them?
What is the best way to troll those spam Facebook messages from girls "looking to have fun"?
Why would someone who's not in my friend list show up in Facebook quiz results?
What can I do in Facebook so that on Tinder I will only be matched up with people who are NRIs and were brought up in the Arabian Gulf region?
How can I prevent someone from stalking my Facebook account?
Facebook has disabled my account, and my phone number is lost. How do I recover it?
Does Facebook allow businesses/startups to sell FB accounts or pages for automatic backup services?
Why do my friends on Facebook like others’ posts, but not mine?
How do I delete my Quora account, if I used my Facebook to sign in, and I am locked out of the email for my Facebook account?
How do I get more visitors to check my Facebook business page?
How do you remove pictures from Facebook?
Who is managing the Bangalore City Police’ Facebook page?
Will tech giants like Google, Microsoft, Amazon, and Facebook hire a statistician with a master’s degree?
What does it mean when there are pulsating circles around the video icon on Facebook Messenger?
Why can't I convert my Facebook profile into a page?
Why did the "add friend" button disappear when I added someone on Facebook?
Will calls made in Messenger be added to my iPhone contacts?
Can brand pages publish branded content on Facebook?
In what other ways I can submit my CV to Facebook excluding careers.Facebook.com?
How does Chatfuel do to create a Facebook developer App for their users?
I accidentally tagged someone in a post on Facebook, but untagged them and blocked the page. Will the page get a notification?
Is Daniel Radcliffe on Facebook?
Do people still use Facebook (May 2017)?
I deactivated my Roku. How do I reactivate it?
How can l enable a disabled Facebook account?
Did your life change after deleting Facebook and WhatsApp?
Can friend requests be sent to a deactivated Facebook account?
How do I look at my boyfriend’s messages on Messenger discreetly?
What type of engineering should I do to enter in the big companies like Google, Microsoft, and Facebook?
What is with Facebook advertising people that offer office jobs?
What's the average Facebook video ads completion rate?
Is life generally better with or without a Facebook account, for an unexceptional person?
Have you ever reached the end of your Facebook news feed?
Which credit card should be best for boosting posts in Facebook?
Why would a boy who liked you unfriend you on Facebook?
How did WittyFeed and its founders, Vinay Singhal, Praveen Singhal and Shashank Vaishnav, get verified on Facebook?
Theoretically, how would someone make a fake ID in Photoshop so they can send it to Facebook so they can get their fake account back?
How do I invite people who shared my content to like my business’s Facebook page?
I just saw the 2017 Facebook F8 and realized that AR is much closer to scale than I expected. How can I position myself professionally to make use of this?
How do I use a single name on Facebook page?
How do I track a Facebook post if the user set it for friends only?
What do people think about the new flower (thankful) react of Facebook?
Is Facebook keeping the ‘Thankful’ reaction beyond Mother's Day?
Does mailing at security@Facebook.com works?
How can I save videos or GIFs from Facebook or Twitter?
Why doesn't YouTube hire IITians like Google or Facebook?
How will you describe personalities of people using Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, WhatsApp, Snapchat and Quora?
How do I add followers rather than friends on Facebook?
If I deactivate my account on Facebook app then after when will I be able to log in again?
How can I download a GIF from Facebook?
Has Facebook ever thought of wiping out Amazon, Uber, foodpanda and other aggregators by connecting potential customers with potential service providers on its own platform? Aren’t most of them already on Facebook?
How do I create Facebook and Instagram outro cards on YouTube videos?
Where does Facebook get the external content such as news articles that appear in your news feed? Do external sources push or does FB pull the content?
How do you re-target marketing to people on Facebook who have downloaded your app from iTunes?
Is it illegal to hack Facebook messenger and post someone's messages?
Has anyone read posts by this page on Facebook by the name Mukhtasar?
Can class 8 students make Facebook IDs?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg taking a tour of the whole USA?
How can I find pending posts on Facebook?
What user profile information can I access from Facebook's Botkit tool?
Why is Facebook showing that my account has been disabled?
What is the meaning of ROFL on FB?
How can I turn my friend requests on Facebook into followers?
Where did social media platforms like Twitter, Facebook, and WhatsApp store their data in their early days?
How do you tell if someone is declining your call on FB messenger or just not answering?
Could anyone figure out my Facebook profile based on my Facebook page?
How can I check if someone has blocked me on FB Messenger?
What are the best ways to use Facebook for company?
How do you earn money from Facebook videos?
How can I get a blue tick on my Facebook profile?
What are the drawbacks of installing the Facebook app?
How can I convert my Facebook profile to page a second time?
How do I get unlimited likes on Facebook?
A few months ago, I proposed to a friend of mine on Facebook. From that time she has blocked me and has not been in contact with me. How can I become her friend again?
How would you target people interested in buying lady's apparel with Facebook ads for LuLaRoe or a similar brand?
What would happen if nobody used Facebook anymore and switched over to another social media site?
Why do people, my so-called friends on Facebook, ignore me?
How do I get to the first comment when there are hundreds of comments on a Facebook post?
What are time saving ways to use Facebook?
How can I make money using Instagram or Facebook?
How can I promote my blog site using Facebook?
What are the DevOps jobs available in companies like Google, Facebook, etc.?
How can I get authentication from another Facebook user to access his/her profile details through Graph API?
If most Hindus & Muslims post good things about each other on Quora, then why are there hate speech, hate comments & hate videos on YouTube & Facebook?
How much would WhatsApp be spending on cloud services if it was not bought by Facebook?
Does Mark Zuckerberg use same version of Facebook that every other normal user uses?
How useless do you think Facebook is?
What is the use of Facebook to Mark Zuckerberg?
How can I get to the very beginning of a Facebook conversation without scrolling through all the years?
Is it possible to use the same Facebook account after uninstalling the Facebook app?
If you delete a message on Facebook, will it still be seen on Messenger?
How can I get more followers on Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, Twitter, Vimeo and my blog?
Why should I verify my Facebook account?
How can I get my Facebook friend number without asking him?
What is the use of a hashtag in Facebook and Instagram while uploading a picture?
How do I change my Facebook settings to “Global” so that anyone can read my posts at any time?
How do Twitter, FB, Instagram, LinkedIn, etc. interconnect? If you hashtag something, does the whole post show up on Twitter?
Which social media site is the easiest to get verified on, YouTube, Instagram or Facebook?
Whenever I try to send a message to my friend on FB messenger, it never gets sent. I see only a red icon in a circle. Why is this happening? Am I being blocked?
How can I see who views my Facebook account?
Why does Facebook keep lying about new notifications?
Can you still see liked posts by a person blocked on Facebook?
Are intellectuals less active on Facebook? It seems that Facebook is more of a self-branding platform than a "keep in touch" platform.
What is it like to be a back-end engineer at Facebook?
Is there any way to download all the content that I have posted in a Facebook group including all status and files?
How do I know whether my Facebook data engineer phone interview went good or bad?
What would happen if Facebook bought Twitter?
Can I change the Facebook page that is associated with my Quora account?
How can I delete an old Facebook account of mine?
Can Facebook send me another password through my Gmail account?
How can I read my husband’s Facebook messages?
How can I tell if somebody has more than one Messenger app?
Is there a Facebook plugin to display an entire album in Lightbox?
Do Google or Facebook developers copy-paste codes?
Why do people not like Mark Zuckerberg?
How can I participate in a Facebook marketing workshop in India organised by Facebook?
How do I change the location of my Facebook post without checking in?
What can I do to block a person and their posts on my business page?
How do I hire Facebook ads?
Why are most Indians making LinkedIn into another Facebook?
How can I directly put my photo from Facebook on Instagram?
Can you offer the best online courses for mastering Facebook advertising?
What is the best way to start a conversation\chat with a Facebook friend who is a writer and novelist and happens to be a girl?
How do I get access to someone else’s Facebook account?
Why is Quora still behind social sites like Facebook, Instagram and Twitter?
Who all joined Facebook after they joined Quora? Why?
When I open my Facebook feed, why do I see too many models in Ujjain?
Do you like using live streaming on Facebook?
What could products from Google, Facebook, and Quora do differently if they were available as native desktop apps rather than only in the browser?
How did I get a friend suggestion without a suggester’s name?
How do I get a reply from a girl on Facebook chat?
What determines the 8 friends that show up on your Facebook page?
How do I get access to my Gmail & Facebook accounts? I tried with this phone. Google won't accept this phone number. I don't remember my passwords.
Why would someone ignore a friend request rather than simply responding to it one way or the other?
What does it mean when you get “has accepted your request on Messenger”, but you have talked before?
Do you have an idea what will be the next Facebook or Instagram within the next decade?
Why should we hate Facebook?
Who has used Facebook ads to help a daycare with enrollment?
Which Indian Facebook groups are popular for buying and selling things?
How can I know the Facebook login history of my Facebook friend?
Can you know what friends are following on Facebook?
Should I run more than one campaign for the same target at one time on Facebook?
How do I create a new Facebook account and make it hard for others to find me?
Could anybody help in product (services) advertising on Facebook?
What should I do when I tell someone I'm not interested in chatting on Facebook and they keep messaging me?
Is it true that you can see who visited your Facebook profile by seeing their IDs in View Source?
How many people left Facebook after using Quora?
Why have Facebook posts disappeared when I come back to them?
What are your views on the logical Indian Facebook page?
When Mircosoft paid 240 million for 1.6% of Facebook how did that value Facebook at $15 billion?
How does Facebook connect two users?
Is there any way to see the recently added friends of a person who's not on my own Facebook friends list?
If I write a letter to Facebook headquarters for Mark Zuckerberg, will I get a response?
Who are the people who search my Facebook account?
What are the pros and cons of a only using Facebook for a business’ online presence?
Do people ever have positive emotions towards a Facebook friend?
Why does everyone want to join Google or Facebook rather than thinking to build their own startup?
Why is the use of a fake account on Facebook prohibited rather than framed? I mean, most public figures change their name, so why can’t we?
What are the likely differences between how Snapchat and Facebook will implement augmented reality?
If one were to build the next Facebook what technologies would you use?
Can I apply for a job with Facebook/Google one year in advance?
Can I delete my Facebook account? Not deactivate it, I just want to delete it.
What does Mark Zuckerberg do at Facebook? Does he write code or do business negotiations?
If I set chat to offline on Facebook and I log out and then log in do I keep appearing as offline or does it switch online and offline?
How can I make 5,000 Facebook friends in an instant?
Should YouTube adopt Facebook's 6 reaction buttons?
What tools do you need to build an app like YouTube and Facebook?
What is the status of Abu Saraf?
What might be the reason for suddenly decreasing Facebook followers?
Why do people post their status on Facebook as “Watching Bahubali 2"?
Can I see who someone's chatting with on Messenger?
Is there a problem with Facebook today?
What does Quora think of this skit by Neel Kolhatkar on "equality" that is currently going viral on Facebook?
Why am I not getting Facebook messages from people who are not on my Friends list?
How can you find out when someone last logged in to Facebook, without being logged in?
Have Regina Dugan's results from Facebook F8 been reproducible by anyone else?
What are some interesting pages on Facebook to increase our knowledge?
What is a good return on Facebook ads for fashion and apparel?
Facebook is blocking me again & again, & I have to change my password every 2 hours, & I'm also unable to post my comment. Why is this happening?
Can the Facebook destroy our life?
Is it possible to fall in love with someone over Facebook?
Why did Facebook not approved my weight loss page for promotion?
Which social media platform is likely to fall first among Facebook, WhatsApp, Instagram, Twitter, and Snapchat?
How do pages like "did you know" get likes on their Facebook page?
Where did Twitter go wrong that Facebook didn't?
What will be the scenario if Facebook and Quora are connected/linked?
Why do people get offended in Facebook's comment section easily?
How do I receive email notifications when I get a private message on Facebook?
How do I send a message when people like my page?
For systems having millions of users (such as Facebook, Twitter or some popular online games), how should the administration system be built?
What happens if you add someone on Messenger?
How do I reset the password of my Facebook account?
Should Facebook prevent crimes from being uploaded to Facebook?
Have you seen any Quoran on FB?
On Facebook Messenger, why does it say that “You are now connected on Messenger”, even when we are not friends on Facebook?
Would I be notified if someone reports me on Facebook?
Which is the best Facebook bot?
What does the green dot on Messenger mean?
Can I get 1000 likes in Facebook with zero cost and within in one hour?
Does Facebook allow external companies to provide interactive embeds on their feed?
Do the Illuminati exist? There is a group on Facebook which says that all of the terrorist attacks have been made by the CIA. Is this true?
Which is the best Facebook group auto poster?
How many are the data centers of Facebook?
Being an Indian, can I make Pakistani friends on Facebook? Is there anything wrong in that? I have seen some people making friends with them on Facebook.
Why do some people choose not to “like” someone’s post on Facebook intentionally?
What is the coding to find the number of likes for a post in a profile?
Why would my husband delete his Facebook profile with me on his friends list while continuing with another containing memories of his ex?
If I reactivate my Facebook account will my comments be the same?
How can I delete incoming message from Facebook Messenger?
How can I get my Facebook contacts off my iPhone?
Will Instagram, Facebook, and WhatsApp be blocked without net neutrality?
Facebook killer Steve Stephens is a Muslim. Do you have any thoughts about this?
Does Facebook freeze profiles after not using them for a while?
Why is the image quality of nearbuy's current Facebook sponsored post so low?
How can I check my other Facebook friend lists?
Can WhatsApp and Facebook be hacked?
How do I see the activity on my Facebook page?
How do I delete stuff from my profile?
How can I delete a post on Facebook?
If someone is on my 'people you may know' on Facebook, am I on theirs?
Why does Facebook page-plugin display one page and not another?
Can the top level Facebook team login to other user accounts discreetly (especially celebrities)?
Why doesn't the new update of Facebook Messenger open in the gallery?
What would be the best way to do a Facebook Live comedy show?
A girl dumped me, deleted me on Facebook, and updated her relationship status with another guy the same day. Did she dump me for him?
An anonymous Facebook friend has told my girlfriend that I was on a Messenger video chat. How did she know?
Where can I learn more about the Facebook places graph?
Where can I learn more about Facebook analytics?
Why has the Facebook killer gotten so much attention?
Why doesn't Facebook get sued for copyright?
What should I comment on a FB group picture?
Why doesn’t India ban Google, Facebook, and all other social media sites like China does?
How do you add clickable social media links and websites to your Facebook account? The photo in the link is an example. http://imgur.com/a/0zWo2/
What is the Facebook Camera Effects platform?
Is it insensitive when a husband likes the Facebook posts of someone even when he knows you are not on good terms anymore with this person?
What are the road blocks when advertising on Facebook? Can you explain fully?
What is the Facebook swell bot?
Do Oculus new hires also attend the Facebook bootcamp?
How many ads should I use per audience (on Facebook), and what's the maximum budget to use on each ad? Is there a calculation?
Is PIP in Facebook a way to get people fired?
Where can I find out more about Facebook artificial intelligence lab?
How can I see my other Facebook me?
Should there be legal restrictions when trying to copy others’ app features, like Facebook copied Snapchat?
Why do Indian women avoid talking to strangers on Facebook while feeling free on matrimonial sites?
Would Mark Zuckerberg shutter Facebook Live if the product were used to live-stream the murder of a white Facebook employee?
What is the algorithm behind Facebook friend suggestions?
People from my past are showing up on Instagram "based on likes", and on Facebook as "suggested friends". How do Facebook and Instagram generate these suggestions?
Why is Facebook not working on Internet Explorer?
What if I make a social networking site like Twitter, Facebook with different colour and texture? Will I face a copyright act? What should I do to avoid it?
Why are Facebook’s reaction emojis not animating on my Android (Marshmallow) device?
How can I add a comment to a Facebook spam report?
First came Google. Then came Facebook. Meanwhile Amazon transformed into one. What company or technical field will be/create internet's next giant?
Where can I find out more info on the Facebook creative effects platform?
What is the Facebook Messenger 2.0 platform, and why is it important?
Why did my guy friend block me on Facebook?
I have a Facebook login button on my webpage with the relevant scopes, how can I get a list of users who log in using that button?
What does it mean for developers that Facebook has re-written React as "React Fiber"?
Does Facebook delete messages if these are deleted on both sides?
What are the benefits of using advert sets in Facebook?
How do I find a friend’s number on Messenger?
Can I remove my phone number from my Facebook page after it gets the blue mark (verified)?
Do fake profiles on Facebook hurt it's ad revenue growth?
How can I delete an icon from Facebook Messenger?
How do big companies like Google or Facebook perform deployments globally?
How much should I charge to manage my clients’ Facebook ad campaigns?
How do I create a second Facebook account account without relating it to my current or original one?
What position(s) could someone interested/experienced in the humanities fill at a company such as Facebook or Google?
What is the coding to find the number of likes in Facebook?
How do Facebook and ad tech companies verify impression aggregation (automation testing)?
How can I join big companies such as Google and Facebook?
What will happen if Facebook implements strict BNBR policy like Quora?
One of my Facebook friends is monitoring my Facebook comments and reporting back to my girlfriend. How do I find out who it is?
Where can I watch the Facebook f8 conference online?
Facebook is a slow poison. Do you agree?
Should Facebook have a duty to rescue a crime victim?
Which of has more potential to grow faster, Snapchat or Facebook?
Do girls who have boyfriends send friend requests to guys they barely know?
If you had to stop using either Facebook or YouTube, which one would you choose?
Does Square integrate with Facebook Messenger?
What are some ways to close a page on Facebook?
What are the best ways to understand the behaviour of my Facebook page's fans?
How can I use Facebook to get knowledge?
Why is Quora showing high interest rate to integrate with Facebook features nowadays?
How do I manage my Facebook page in the perfect way?
Can someone invite you to join messenger if you've blocked them on Facebook?
Why don't Facebook ads have support?
Have you ever had a change of heart due to a discussion in the Facebook comments?
Why has the online viewing of people been removed in the new Facebook update of the app?
How do I impress my Facebook female friends?
Can I upload multiple videos of 1.5 GB to Facebook posts one at a time?
Are there any mediators who can get my Facebook page verified?
How do giant sites likes Google and Facebook verify that a username isn't taken so fast?
How should I befriend this girl I barely know through Facebook?
Why are most comments on Trump’s Facebook posts positive while most replies to his tweets are negative?
Is there software that gives me the list of my Facebook friends who interact with me the most/least?
How do I create a test campaign in Facebook AdWords?
Will an Indian girl accept a friend request from an unknown boy?
Are there any Android apps that unlock in-app features using Facebook/Twitter link sharing?
What can I do if I want to develop a Facebook replica for Uganda only?
How do I know if someone has looked at my Facebook profile?
My FB friend requests want my email to send me important information. Is this right?
Will Facebook ads die?
What are the absolute best Facebook roasts you have ever seen?
Is it feasible for Facebook to enter the ride-sharing market?
How does Facebook calculate page responsiveness?
Are fb hacking sites fake or real?
Why are pictures not showing up in the 'photos of you' section of Facebook, even though I'm tagged in them?
Can we get user details of the people who engage with our Facebook ad?
How does Facebook earn billions?
Why aren't erections allowed on Facebook?
Are Americans seeking glory by committing crimes on Facebook Live?
How does Silicon Valley feel about Facebook's lack of creativity as it constantly steals ideas from startups?
Which encryption technique does Facebook use?
If you are using Facebook, how are you benefiting from it?
Is it a good strategy for Facebook to implement stories for all their services?
How do I get access to my Facebook account? I remember only my user name.
Is there a service that you can pay to show you how to get Facebook messages that you can't retrieve?
Where can I find Facebook data sets that show interactions between friends?
What are the best ways to keep a business focused Facebook group active?
Is it illegal to post on Facebook a Google Drive link (shared with everyone) with a film I uploaded which violates copyright law?
How do I know a message went to someone I'm not friends with on Facebook?
Can I make money from a Facebook page that posts photos for a celebrity?
How can I search friends on Facebook by email?
How do I know if my Facebook account is temporarily blocked?
Is there a way to find the most liked picture on any random Facebook public page?
What are the pros and cons of uploading a 360 video on YouTube, Facebook, and Littlstar?
How are volume tracking links added to Facebook ads?
Why do people "friend" others on Facebook, but never interact with them? Is it considered rude to remove them after months of no interaction?
If you open Facebook on Instagram & accidentally click on hide button on someone's profile picture without logging in, will the person know about it?
What will happen if I uninstall Facebook and WhatsApp from my mobile?
Does Facebook, Google, and Quora hire people on the basis of degrees or skills in other countries, such as India?
How could they hack my Facebook account knowing that I have a strong password and I never visit phishing scam websites?
Using Facebook, how can we invite one thousand people to a non-profit domestic violence prevention event?
When does Facebook or Messenger add someone to your favorites list and why?
How can I see the full messenger conversation?
Does the order in which people appear on your Facebook stories section mean anything?
Did I win a promotion on Facebook?
What will happen if I stop using Facebook and WhatsApp?
How do I get access to my Facebook account? I forgot my email and password. I have only my username.
Why does Google use Workplace by Facebook?
How does Facebook earns per user?
How susceptible is Facebook to a civil lawsuit or large fine by the FCC, given the recent slew of crimes broadcast on Facebook Live?
Our website is the first Google result, but our official Facebook page comes on the 2nd or 3rd page. Is there any way to fix this?
How do I make the best use of Facebook paid campaigns so as to get good campaign results?
How do you do dropship directly from Facebook?
Why did Vivek Shetty leave Facebook?
Is there a way to search specifically for business Facebook pages with no recent activity?
Will Indians stop using Facebook if Evan Spiegel becomes the CEO of Facebook?
Is there any person who can get my Facebook page verified?
What could be the best replacement of Facebook in the near future?
Which ads convert more, Facebook or Google?
Are there jobs at Facebook, Twitter, Google, Netflix etc., for someone who passed 10th?
Is it possible to view Facebook 360 videos anonymously, or without the poster of the video seeing who has viewed it?
Why does Facebook disabling main accounts instead of fake accounts?
In year 2025, will there be Facebook?
When you block someone on Facebook, what's the difference (as far as what they can see) between blocking them and deleting your account?
Why do people share personal pics on Facebook? Does it help anyone?
How can I intern somewhere like Facebook, Uber, or Instagram in San Francisco?
Is it insensitive when a husband continues to like FB posts of someone he knows you are no longer on good terms with?
Where and how do you usually get swag bags at tech developer conferences (Facebook F8)? Does going earlier help?
Which is most popular, email, Facebook, Twitter, WhatsApp, or anything else?
Is it a bad sign if a startup is dependent on Google and Facebook marketing for growth?
How does Facebook, WhatsApp helps to grow in life?
Why does my office boss never like my Facebook pictures?
How can I contact Facebook HQ?
What is one secret about Facebook?
Do your Facebook friends know what groups you join?
How do I find potential terrorists by analyzing their Facebook activity?
What could be the problem with my Facebook Messenger data consumption?
What is the best form of software to capture customer feedback from different, multiple sources, i.e. Twitter, Facebook, and other surveys? Does it exist?
What will happen if a rule is made to link your social account (Facebook, Twitter, Quora, etc.) to your Aadhaar card?
Why is Facebook popular when there are other social networks?
Facebook killer Steve Stephens is a Muslim. Do you have any thoughts about this?
How do I export a long Facbook comment thread into an editable format for publication? (Keeping the same "look" as the thread has on Facebook)
What happens to all the data if a company like Facebook goes bankrupt tomorrow?
How can Amazon Affiliate Marketing be done on Facebook if my page audience is global?
How can I check whom my girlfriend has been talking with on Facebook?
Why would my ex boyfriend add me on Facebook?
How do I find the exact time I have spent on Facebook in the last 30 days?
Has Facebook ever not functioned in a day?
What would be the problem if I'm having high CTR (+5%) and low conversions on Facebook ads?
What are the pros and cons if you make a habit of checking Facebook only once a day?
How can we increase our Facebook post likes?
Should I use a personal FB account for business marketing?
What are some privacy concerns when using Facebook?
So many young girls baiting themselves on social networks. Why?
What should I comment on a FB group picture?
Can I add my Facebook & Instagram page on my Android app without getting banned?
Do you know a website with a marketplace that lets people sell articles on their website/Facebook?
Why are Muslims who bash Modi like anything on Facebook so quiet on Quora?
What do IITians have to say about these lines floating on Facebook these days?
How can we get access to anyone's texts or Facebook account?
What does the thumbs up sticker in Facebook messenger mean?
Is Facebook News Feed a kind of runaway AI?
Why does Facebook show me "This feature isn't available to everyone right now" when I click the "How do I verify my page" link in the help center?
Will it ring if you call someone on Facebook Messenger if that someone is on a call?
Are they going to start charging for the use of Facebook by Saturday, May 27th?
Which is the post on Facebook from personal account containing maximum likes in the world?
How could one monetize Facebook's new camera effects platform? Is it possible to add links to the information bubbles?
How can I be completely offline while using messenger?
How do you make the crying emoticon for Facebook?
How do I stop using Facebook, WhatsApp, my phone and computer?
How can a memorialized account just have joined Facebook Messenger?
How​ do I ask a girl​ for​ casual​ sex on Facebook?
How can I increase my fan page's Like count to over 100k?
What should Google or Facebook users be willing to pay so that it would be more profitable to charge users directly vs collecting user data to target ads?
What is the quickest way to increase Facebook engagement?
Why does Quora make me auto follow all my Facebook friends?
How do I get my email marketing subscribers to connect to my company's Facebook page legally?
What happens to the articles saved in Evernote and Pocket if the original page gets deleted?
Does Facebook messenger use data when you have wifi?
How can I make a post for “word of the day” for my Facebook group?
How can I get my Facebook back?
How do I know if I’m blocked on Messenger?
Does the average Facebook/Google engineer make at least $300k?
Is Messenger available in Spain?
Why do we use Facebook?
How can I retrieve my Facebook account from an old phone?
How can I make direct contact with Facebook help and support?
Where is Freeman Samson on Facebook?
Why am I getting "People you may know" friends suggetions on Facebook that are clearly in Arabic/Russian?
Is there any way to tell if someone has the Facebook app?
When will I know if someone can assist me in getting back my Gmail accounts & back into Facebook?
Are Facebook ads the best way to reach early adopters and users for a new app?
Is the war between Facebook and Snapchat a fake one?
What are the chances that Facebook will be blocked in the US?
How do I unblock a friend on Facebook who blocked me?
Why can't I secret message with just one particular person on Messenger?
How can I promote a Facebook page using the Facebook ads manager?
When will Facebook integrate moves into its Facebook app?
Would it be possible if you deleted a Facebook conversation to get a copy of all the messages from the other user?
How do Facebook reporting pages work?
Did Facebook get rid of smart lists?
How can I avoid non friends messaging me in Facebook?
How is Mark Zuckerberg so good at learning?
What is it about Facebook that makes it so popular?
Why am I getting topics in my news feed that I haven't selected?
Where can you view nude photos from Facebook?
How can you tell if you have been unfriended on Facebook?
How do I allow my Facebook friends know I'm on Instagram?
How can I see my wife’s FB messages?
Why is it that when you report a fake account on Facebook and the person uses a fake ID to bypass Facebook, it does not get disabled?
Can you see see how many people viewed a post or picture on your Facebook fan page, if it's not posted by you?
Will Facebook be interesting if I have no known friends?
How do I make a YouTube cover photo?
What are the proper dimensions for a FB live custom thumbnail?
How do I post a picture on messenger to my Android gallery?
How did Facebook provide security when they first started?
How do I make a "connect with Aadhaar" button for the purpose of signing up just like "connect with Google or Facebook"?
How do I find my Facebook contacts on Pinterest?
Did Facebook abandon the Groups app for iOS?
How important is it in 2017 to let users login to a new app via their Facebook account?
What could be the Facebook marketing strategy for an Elementary School?
How important is it to have a Facebook profile?
What are the best scientific magazines, blogs or Facebook pages in German?
Which books and websites do you suggest for studying for the Facebook data engineer interview?
Why doesn’t Quora provide an option of self-upvoting like Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, Instagram, or other social media?
How do I like a blocked Facebook image?
Why is Quora not as popular as Facebook, Instagram, and WhatsApp?
Should I directly ask a girl for a video call on Facebook?
Will you like, your fan from Quora more than, a fan from Facebook?
Is every Google and Facebook employee extremely talented?
Is Facebook’s Graph API free?
My FB posts gets good response in first 20-30 mins & after that its like nobody seeing it, not used to happen in the past, what could be the problem?
How do I export the birthdays of my Facebook friends in my 'Close Friends' list to Google calendar (just the close friends list, not everyone)?
How can I get an e-mail address of a Facebook account that is hidden in its basic info on Facebook?
How do I create a memorable event on Facebook and Twitter?
Why can’t people mention me in comments on Facebook? They have tried using the @ sign as well. Facebook does suggest my name, but doesn't create a hyperlink.
Is it important for the Facebook profile to be old enough for filling up tutor profile at Chegg.com?
How do I login to my other Facebook account without writing my password on my phone?
Should I make my fitness app a Facebook Messenger app instead of a mobile app?
What is a good average time on page for engaging content?
What are some sweet things you can post on Facebook?
How can I hack someone’s WhatsApp account?
How did memes bring changes to Facebook?
How does Facebook implement endless scrolling in Android?
How can I get back into my Facebook account when I’ve done everything the help center asks and I still can't get in?
Does Buffer or Hootsuite post on LinkedIn, Facebook and Google+ groups at the same time?
Are the binary trade experts advertising on Facebook genuine? Do they trade on behalf of others or just go quiet after money is transferred to them?
How would a supplemental request look like if it's a friend fixing a car?
Does Chrisfield MD have a back page for escorts?
Who should I follow on Facebook in 2017?
How do I load pictures from Facebook to an Instagram file?
How do I show a certain page on Blogspot without a sidebar (for example, the privacy policy page)?
Are frameworks for quantisation of apotheosis like Quora, Facebook and Twitter the direction of future apps?
Why did my ex look me up on Facebook when he has a girlfriend?
On FB Messenger, some people's statuses say "active on messenger," but my friend's just says "Messenger." What does that mean?
How do I stop people suggestion on Facebook?
Is Chrome compatible with Facebook's Gameroom?
Have you seen good outcomes from Facebook ads, boosting ads/posts, and others?
Is Facebook really helpful and necessary for a CSE student?
How do I add other social network links to my Facebook bio?
How can I find out who posted a confession on Facebook?
How can I unlink an Instagram account that's not mine from Facebook?
Why does Facebook send me email about notification on my fake account where there is nothing to show?
Can I customize MailChimp forms on Facebook?
Is there any way to block the ads from playing between Facebook videos?
How do I create an ongoing event on Facebook through my phone?
How can I recover a forgotten Facebook email?
Is there a way to import Twitter followers into Facebook?
How are ongoing events created on Facebook?
Does the order in which people appear on your Facebook stories section mean anything?
Messenger Day is not working on my phone. Why?
What is S.Q.U.A.T.S group on Facebook how they train?
Is there a social network better than Lykup? https://lykup.com
Why is the degree of blue color in Facebook app is not the same degree in Messenger app?
How can I find out who's looking at my Facebook account that's not on my friend list?
If I'm searching my husband's profile and I see the same person in his friends list on Facebook, what's the reason?
How can I invite more than one Facebook friend to join a group?
Why do people have to post food photos on Facebook? Do they think about those people out there who might have nothing in their cupboards to eat?
Is it possible to trigger feeds from an external app to Facebook's user feed based on geography and without users subscribing to the feed itself?
Is there any person who can get my Facebook page verified?
If I make a video ad for Facebook and have 50 friends react to it via a link I send them, will that help somehow with the Facebook algorithm?
Why shouldn't I join Facebook after my board exam?
How do I find out who my girlfriend is chatting with on Facebook?
How can I find people (is there a search function) via Facebook or Instagram that are living in New York?
What are some reasons why you would leave a friend request pending instead of declining it?
What happens when someone tries to log into your Facebook with the wrong password if you have a 2-step verification?
How many mobile application developers work on apps like Instagram, Telegram, Facebook, Airbnb, and WhatsApp?
I think my Facebook account is hacked, but I can still access it. I find unusual activities in my account. How can I be the only one using my account?
How do I promote home business in Facebook?
How can we check our Messenger chat and calling history?
Is it distasteful to share your political opinion on Facebook and Instagram?
Which AI company is acquired by Facebook recently to grow its chatbot market against API.AI?
How many entities are there in the Nametests Facebook app, and what are they?
Why can't I send another friend request to a user who declined my first request?
If we make a picture that we are tagged in our profile picture on Facebook, will the existing likes add up to our profile picture?
Can I use Facebook’s public Niagara Falls images, or do they come under copyright?
Who liked BizWiser on Facebook?
How do giant sites likes Google and Facebook verify that a username isn't taken so fast?
Can I use photos uploaded on Facebook pages for my website?
How do I generate leads from Facebook, LinkedIn, etc. without using paid ads?
How can I change the privacy settings of my posts on Facebook so that the public can see them? Why can't I find the "Public" option anywhere in the privacy settings?
Does Facebook log comment deletions?
Why can't anyone see my friends list on Facebook?
Why is building a website like Facebook very hard?
What is a good giveaway idea on Facebook for makeup products?
What is the use of a page ID on a Facebook page?
Why isn’t Mark Zukerburg the richest person, when he owns 24% of Facebook, which has a market cap of $433 billion?
What tool/script should I use to comment to all my sales posts on FB in order to bring them up?
How can I know the address of a person doing Facebook?
How can I use my Facebook group page to sell likes?
Why would somebody block me on Messenger, but not on Facebook?
Is Facebook going to charge in the future?
How can I collect the materials of a project in one place to be available for the other members without using Facebook?
How do I create a culture of stop asking use case?
Why is my Facebook Marketplace blocked? It says I have a billing issue with my payments in my support inbox.
If blocked on Facebook, am I blocked on Messenger?
What does it mean when the little blue icon stays white with a check mark on Messenger?
Can anyone make money on Facebook?
What does it mean if my message request on Facebook is delivered - does that mean it has been accepted but just not read yet?
How do I know who is the admin for a Facebook group chat?
Why won’t Facebook Messenger let me unblock someone? Is there a limit on how many times you can block someone?
How do you decide what Facebook friends requests or suggestions to accept?
Should I discuss politics on Facebook?
Is it possible to trace someone's IP chatting on Facebook?
Why do I never get Facebook friend suggestions?
How does performance change with percent of lookalike change in Facebook audiences?
Is it possible to remove all my Facebook friends with one click?
How can I re-publish my Facebook page with 900K followers? I've already sent an appeal, but it was denied.
Is there any Indian who did an internship in Google/Facebook/MS/etc after their sophomore year of engineering?
How could someone bring Google or Facebook down? And I mean down for good, not only with hacks!
How much money do I have to spend on Facebook ads to get 1,000 views on my website?
Why do people like common pictures as opposed to glamorous or more meaningful pictures on Facebook?
How do people in Google see Google engineers using Facebook in office hours?
Does the admin of a Facebook page get to know that I invited people to like his page?
From the daily, weekly and 28 days data that Facebook provides, which one would be more relevant for my monthly Facebook page performance report?
Can I hire someone to make me famous on Instagram or Facebook? If yes, then how do I find them?
A friend started popping my chat bar, I didnt check her profile or messaged her, Does that mean that mean she checked my profile?
Why does the ZenPad 10 distort Facebook Live videos, and how do I fix it?
Is it possible to set up PHP or JavaScript codes in a Facebook profile and track visitors?
Is the popularity of Twitter and Facebook symbolic of a banal narcissist culture in which illiteracy has become the norm rather than the exception?
What are the best dimensions and resolution for a Facebook event banner?
What are your thoughts on Facebook advertising?
What is the site to check everything I share on Facebook?
How dangerous is Facebook newsfeed?
Should I accept a Facebook request of a friend of an old friend?
How do you stop getting notifications for other peoples' status and location updates on Facebook?
Why don’t I get likes on Facebook?
How do you prevent someone from accessing your email?
How can I delete incoming message from Facebook Messenger?
Why has the online viewing of people been removed in the new Facebook update of the app?
How can we generate more traffic from Facebook?
How do I know when my friends come online on Facebook’s new version (89.0)?
How do I find the most relevant interest keywords for Facebook ads interest targeting?
Was there a need for a "Like" button in Facebook?
How likely is it that Facebook and WhatsApp will be blocked by ISPs?
In WordTornado, in the game room on Facebook, how do I type the letters instead of dragging them when I am on my laptop?
How can I delete a post on Facebook?
How can you delete your inbox messages on Facebook?
Does anyone post little things (articles, comments and such) on certain people’s Facebook pages just to get a reaction?
Can others tag my name even though I deactivated my Facebook?
How can I delete my Messenger account created with my mobile phone?
How can I place an advert on Facebook?
How does machine learning improve advertising in Facebook in terms of revenue, CTR and/or average dwell time?
How do you add clickable social media links and websites to your Facebook account? The photo in the link is an example. http://imgur.com/a/0zWo2/
What is the best course to learn Facebook Ads?
When will there be more dead people on Facebook than living ones?
How do I use the same WebHook for multiple messenger apps/bots?
How do I create a blog in a group as my business Facebook page?
Do WhatsApp and Facebook play an important role in the IITJEE cutoff every year?
When someone is showing activity on Messenger, does it mean they are chatting?
How do I remove contacts from Messenger forever?
How do I see a sent request?
Does Facebook use FTP or cpanel?
Should I post my drawings on Facebook?
After the checkpoint ID verification, Facebook logs me into a new empty account. I have two accounts with one email. How does this happen?
Does the League of Legends API give Facebook basic information associated with a player?
How do I make best use of Facebook?
How does Facebook target and attract SMB advertisers to use their platform? What kind of channel marketing strategies do they employ?
Do media organisations receive any revenue from Facebook/Twitter for providing them with a newsfeed?
Why are some mobile app updates kilobytes in size, while others, specifically Facebook, are upwards of 35MB with almost every update they push out?
Is a Facebook account necessary to open an Instagram account?
Why doesn't Quora ban all Facebook users?
What is the best way to advertise music on Facebook?
Why does Facebook count a video view of only three seconds? Isn't that a bit deceptive for advertisers?
Someone I know posted pictures of me on Facebook. What can I do about it? Facebook has not responded to my complaints about this. Who polices FB?
Is it possible for a software engineer to retrieve Facebook deleted messages?
How can you tell if someone is on a call on Facebook Messenger?
How do I create a Facebook account without getting disabled again and again?
Do you have to be Facebook friends with someone in order to Facebook message them?
How can I find who I have friended on Facebook?
How can I determine what to use for my Facebook or LinkedIn profile?
Can you login to your Instagram business account with a linked Facebook account if you forget your password?
When do you think Facebook will launch its augmented reality social platform?
How do I create an account in Facebook yellow account?
I was denied access to a site saying account service was limited. The message was from siteground. What should I do?
Which website carries the most current information on Facebook marketing?
What is your review of the GateOverflow website and Facebook group?
When someone posts something to your general feed on Facebook, can you hide that post but let the person who posted it still see it?
Can I add my downloaded information from a second FB account into my current FB account?
How can I prevent my Facebook avatar from showing up in the comment sections of websites and blogs I'm not connected to?
When did you realize that Facebook is a waste of time?
How do change username of Instagram in Facebook?
Why do people use Instagram? Is it better than Facebook?
How much data is consumed in a video call via Facebook Messenger?
How do I go to my Facebook archive?
How do I know how many followers a company has on Facebook?
How do I create a photo uploading website?
How can I stop getting unfavorable posts in my Facebook newsfeed from my friends?
Why do people like a person's post on Facebook even when his state of mind is totally disturbed?
What is another online tool to discover popular news/viral news, other than Facebook Signal? Signal only opens for US journalists.
Why do people air their bad feelings towards a friend or relative on Facebook?
How can I view an old message from Facebook that I already deleted?
Why are some photos invisible in Facebook albums?
Is it possible to track your IP address or location from a Facebook comment? Can my location be tracked via comments I've made on Facebook posts?
How has Facebook's company culture scaled with growth?
Can someone be active on Messenger but have the active time stamp show they are not active?
What does a social network have to have to become successful?
Can a friend see the last time I was on Facebook?
Why do phone manufacturers not allow Facebook Live videos to be filmed in the horizontal format?
How do I transition a viral content Facebook page to a business direction?
How does Facebook’s 360 degree camera work?
How do I get the data set of Facebook for research work?
How are your Facebook friends, family and acquaintances demanding?
Is there any other sailing social community besides Facebook?
Can I get my BSNL number back if I used that number 2 years ago? I urgently need that number to get back my email, Facebook, etc.
How could they create Facebook?
How do designers at Facebook feel about being asked to blatantly copy the UI and product mechanics of Snapchat?
How can I access the Facebook account of someone using my WiFi?
Can we follow a post on Facebook without becoming friends?
Where are the best places to promote your B2B content outside of LinkedIn, Twitter, Quora, Google+, and Facebook?
Do I get calls from Facebook Ads?
What email address is Jules Bonnot’s Facebook account linked to?
What naming conventions does Facebook use for its database? Why?
What would Gordon Miller have said about Facebook had it been presented to him 15 years ago?
It has been a month since I used Facebook and WhatsApp. Will this have any effect on me?
Can I receive a notification on Facebook via my phone that someone has sent me a message, but did not use Messenger?
Why is it in Facebook groups regular members and some new ones are able to join the conversation easily while some others are met with silence?
How do big companies like Google, Facebook, and Amazon generate test data?
What are the benefits of Facebook Live for businesses?
How Facebook valuation is done?
Facebook and Instagram's new algorithms make social marketing impossible without money. What's the next frontier of free social marketing?
How can we disrupt Facebook, Snapchat, Instagram, and Twitter?
One of my roommates accessed my phone and hacked my Facebook profile. He changed my email ID and phone number. Is it a cyber crime?
Are you using Facebook or any other apps or web contents in your native language and how matured is the language on internet?
Can you trust Facebook's data?
What is the best free Facebook bot to boost engagement?
How has Facebook's Reactions feature been received in 2017?
How do I find out what the highest rated place is that I visited on Foursquare?
How can alcohol brands like Jack Daniels advertise their products on Facebook?
Someone is using my photo and created a fake Facebook account. What should I do?
I need to access all Facebook business pages in an area and get its likes, comments etc for my app. How can I do it?
How do you spot a fake Facebook email?
How can I get into someone else's Facebook?
Why is the Internet gamified to be fundamentally inauthentic while conditioning us to be narcissists rather than adding educational value to the web?
How do I get enough response from Facebook users who are intended to study abroad?
How much time needs to pass so that Facebook will send all of your friends a notification that you posted something after a long time? Is it maybe 15 days?
How do you send and recieve hidden messages on Facebook?
Why does my friend tag me on Facebook by replying to a random comment on the post instead of just tagging me by commenting on the post directly?
How do developers use Redux in Facebook?
Are Instagram and Facebook harmful to teens?
How can I get a new “who liked” activity log (all in one/counted by numbers) on my old Instagram account?
How do I make a new temporary account on Facebook while having my main account blocked for some time due to violation of rules?
Are affiliate links accepted for paid ads on Facebook, Google and other search engines?
Can I bring down Facebook accounts with DDoS?
What other sites are there other than Facebook, Quora, YouTube, Insta and WikiPedia?
How long will Apple, Facebook and Google last?
If a fake Facebook account has been created in my name, then what should I do?
Who is the most popular person on Facebook?
How can I scrape hashtags from Instagram, Twitter, Facebook and other social media sites?
Is it possible to make money through troll pages / Facebook troll pages?
Can depression patients sue Facebook?
How can I show offline on FB Messenger but still be online?
How does Facebook know if the person is alive or dead? How is it sharing the memories message of a person if he's dead?
Is it just a coincidence that Mark Zuckerberg created a system of manipulating the population just like his grandfather did?
How do I get my friends list from the account that was disabled by Facebook?
Why can Facebook still not deploy effective real-time content moderation A.I.?
How do I flower react on Facebook?
What is the most effective source of traffic apart from Facebook?
What are the pros and cons of uploading a 360 video on YouTube, Facebook, and Littlstar?
What does the Facebook app Katana do?
How many of you feel that Instagram, Snapchat and Facebook have robbed you of our ability to live in the moment and make memories with loved ones?
Why do the majority of Millennials see invasive tech companies like Amazon, Google, Facebook, and Apple as their friends and want to kiss up to them?
How do I target people who visited a website’s page on Facebook Advert?
How is it that a successful Facebook ad will run really well for a while and suddenly dive, producing hardly anything?
What do interns at Facebook wear?
How is Facebook Marketplace doing compared to Craigslist (May 2017)?
How do I meet someone at Facebook who can help with my unpublished page?
How can I target leads on Facebook? Do I need to create a page for the business?
How much can a person earn if he has more than 10,000 likes on his Facebook page?
I have my Facebook account scheduled for permanent deletion . Is there anyway I can log into messenger without pushing my deletion date back?
Can we influence teenagers to use Quora rather than wasting time on Instagram and Facebook?
What are the best creative way to increase your presence on Facebook?
How do I show no friends on my time page?
Does YouTube video View count include views from Facebook shares and website embeds?
Where can I find out more info on the Facebook creative effects platform?
How can I see what date two people became friends on Facebook when only one is my friend?
What are Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube's target audiences for Googly Balloon Game?
What's the best local businesses website or Facebook groups?
What is a graceful way to delete my Facebook when others enjoy following my pages?
How do you reset a forgotten password and email on Facebook?
How I can follow my Facebook's friends here?
Why do some developers at very large tech companies like Google and Facebook write poor software?
Why do social media sites like Facebook and Pinterest allow users to download images while they have no copyright?
What are some of the Facebook tricks only coders can do?
Why do the Japanese seem to take a long time to warm up to new technology (e.g. Facebook, etc.)?
Which social media site is a major competitor to Facebook?
How does Facebook know who my associates are?
What does 40m mean, when it’s next to a name on Facebook?
Can I block or filter words on Facebook reviews?
How does Mark Zuckerberg justify his efforts to diminish privacy on Facebook?
Why would Facebook use SurveyMonkey when it already has a giant user base to send surveys to?
Should Facebook take down its live feature entirely after people have uploaded killings and suicides (and other atrocious acts I don't need to mention)?
Why is my Messenger app gray instead of blue?
How was Facebook made?
What version of the Tim Farron and voter story (4/5/17) is on your Facebook feed?
Have you ever reached a customer service representative with Facebook, for help with your Facebook business page?
How can I access someone’s Facebook?
When you block someone on Facebook, can you still see the profile of the person he/she is in a relationship with (on mobile)?
What is the code base for Facebook?
Does a human validate LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter profiles of a Quoran, before giving verified badges?
Why is a friend always stalking me on Facebook but rarely likes my posts?
What are the simplest tools for automated Facebook/Instagram ad campaigns? I know of Hootsuite, etc., but they seem to be overkill and complicated.
What would happen if the web page I'm trying to post has no header?
How do I respond if someone spells something wrong in their comment on Facebook?
How do I delete friends messenger?
Facebook was created as a desktop version and uses a MySQL database, then they made a phone version (iOS, Android). How do they use the MySQL database in iOS or Android to recognize their users?
Does FB Messenger also have a hidden status folder like WhatsApp’s?
Should I open my girlfriend’s FB account?
Why does Facebook create Instagram accounts for people that have not given their consent and who are unaware?
What will happen if Facebook is closed forever?
How can I get auto likes on my Facebook page likes, like 500?
How can you send a message to someone's inbox on Facebook?
Why is Amazon and Facebook going out of business?
With Facebook crossing more than a billion users, is it possible for a new startup to compete and win against Facebook?
Why is Facebook not allowed to use in China?
Which programming languages were used to create Quora, Facebook, Paytm, Flipkart, Amazon, Twitter and Gmail respectively?
How can I see my friend’s deleted Facebook picture?
One of my friends has put some anti-reservation comments on an anti-reservation page on Facebook. Now some people are threatening him to put a false atrocity case. Is this possible?
Does Facebook actually review disabled accounts if users provide their actual name, ID, or email?
How do we understand the context collapse in Facebook?
Do you get notified when someone reacts to your message on faceboook? Do you get a notification when somebody else reacts to an old msg on Facebook?
Is there any software to hack Facebook (include illegal ways)?
Where do I find information or someone with experience on how to migrate a personal FB profile to a business profile page?
Why can't I see my photos and friends’ photos on Instagram and Facebook?
Why doesn't Facebook allow me to download my data to my app easily?
Can I remove my phone number from my Facebook page after it gets the blue mark (verified)?
How can connections in LinkedIn be made without providing a Facebook email ID?
What could be the best replacement of Facebook in the near future?
Was Facebook's beloved purple flower emoji only for Mother’s Day? Why? Why did they remove it?
If some people blocked me on FB Messenger, can I block them, too?
How can I recover my Instagram account which is not linked to Facebook?
How do I write great content for my fan page?
What does (Request $request) mean in Laravel?
Do Periscope and Facebook give an advantage to people to talk about anything they want indirectly rather than face to face?
How do I report Facebook hackers?
How do I embed an entire Facebook album to my website?
Is Software Engineering at Amazon much different from Facebook?
If someone untags themselves from a photo I posted, can I retag them?
What’s the most unique way to find socially influential students?
Is the Facebook Litho Android UI framework stable enough to be used in production?
If I reactivate my Facebook account will my comments be the same?
Is it possible to create a Facebook page that searches and posts content by itself using Machine Learning or Deep Learning?
What happened to the Facebook Affinity Score?
What would be the best way to submit an idea to Facebook executives in order for it to have a good chance of being implemented by Facebook?
Does Facebook freeze profiles after not using them for a while?
How do I change a welcome message on meetup.com? The help page does not reflect the options available on the page.
How does Facebook calculate page responsiveness?
Is Facebook necessary for daily life?
Are there any survey tools that allow to grasp Facebook likes?
Were can I find one of Facebook’s media partners?
How long do you spend on social software every day (such as WeChat, Facebook, and Twitter)?
Can I change the emoji if someone has blocked me from Facebook Messenger?
What are some basic apps for maintaining a Facebook page?
How long does Facebook keep the details (such as IP address, etc.) of a deleted Facebook account?
What are payloads in a Facebook messenger bot, and how do you manage them?
Can I use the same bot that I use for my Facebook page to mine in-app Salesforce-powered chat?
Can I talk to somebody in Hong Kong using Facebook Messenger?
What are the reasons why I should switch to Google Allo instead of Facebook Messenger?
How does Silicon Valley feel about Facebook's lack of creativity as it constantly steals ideas from startups?
I have five years total from Apple and Facebook. Why am I not getting interviews from Google after applying?
How come Kevin Systrom is still the CEO of Instagram, when Facebook has bought it?
Why can't I get an email confirmation in order to change my email address on Facebook?
How do I recover my Facebook account when I don't have my same phone number or email?
How can I use Facebook from the USA while in India?
How can I join you on Facebook?
How do companies like Google, Yahoo, Facebook, etc. store data so that the data is preserved even after their storage drives crash/fail?
Should India ban Google & Facebook?
Which one is more addictive: Quora or Facebook?
How can I make my Facebook impressive?
How does "trusted accounts" security on Facebook work?
Could I get reward points from sending money to another person on Facebook on my credit card?
How can I get the IP address of a deleted Facebook account?
How can one trace a Facebook account even if the phone being used is offline?
Why do my friends and family get more likes on Facebook than me?
Is the "last used date," for apps on Facebook really accurate?
How is the monopolization of the Internet by Google, Facebook, and Amazon destructive?
Why do random people on Facebook have thousands of followers?
Will you join Facebook if you joined Quora first?
Will I get in trouble for hacking myself on Facebook/Twitter/Quora?
In a Facebook post, someone referred to Obama as Diaper Boy. What is that?
Why will Facebook be blocked once net neutrality is gone?
Is there a way to embed YouTube videos in Facebook that will autoplay?
A friend asked me to meet after the exam, but when I called her afterwards she didn't answer and blocked me on Facebook. What could have happened?
Can I get another email address on the same account for my Facebook account?
What would happen if it is compulsory and a must for everyone to own a Facebook account?
Is it insensitive when a husband continues to like FB posts of someone he knows you are no longer on good terms with?
Can “actual reach achieved” on Facebook Business Manager be more than the “potential reach”?
How do I target sons/daughters on Facebook?
How do I know the top influencers in Facebook in tech niche?
What does a small green light next to a phone icon on a person’s Messenger page mean?
How do Facebook page admins earn money?
Can I see chats from someone that's not my friend?
How could I find out the cost of a Facebook ad campaign that could reach 140,000 Facebook users in 1 year?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked “How am I doing?” and I responded “Great.” with a smile. What's wrong with that?
Is there a way by which I can delete all my previous content in my Facebook account?
How do I get a blue tick mark on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram?
Why do we waste our time on social media?
In Facebook, why do I see that one of my pages has groups and can create groups and link them?
Does Facebook read every resume?
What is the "username" feature for a Facebook page?
How do you compliment a girl's picture on Facebook?
What would be the best way to do a Facebook Live comedy show?
Why should one stop using Facebook and Instagram?
When you message someone in Messenger and it says this person is not available right now, what does that mean?
How should I dig into AR inspired by the F8 event?
How do I find a friend’s Facebook username using their user ID number? Please be explicit.
How was your experience with Facebook at Work?
How do I be famous in Facebook? And get a lot of followers?
What are the pros and cons of being a friend of your lover on Facebook?
How can I add a Facebook close friend and family list as a shortcut?
How do I see Facebook photos using inspect elements?
How do you see a blocked page on IG?
Does Facebook still load old messages, when added into a group chat?
When will Facebook decide to deprecate stories?
How do I get a Facebook verification code?
Do you think spending too much time on Facebook can make you envious of others?
Is there a jailbreak tweak on iPhone to remove Facebook app news feed?
People from my past are showing up on Instagram "based on likes", and on Facebook as "suggested friends". How do Facebook and Instagram generate these suggestions?
How do I create Facebook app like this?
How do I change my friend’s profile pic on any of his accounts (Gmail, Facebook, or WhatsApp) without using his password or knowledge - just for fun?
What would a guy think about a girl when she adds him on Facebook after they met only once?
Can I find friends in Facebook via their phone numbers?
What other reaction emojis would you want Facebook to introduce?
What is the best Facebook auto-like software?
Is Facebook generating any profit from 0.Facebook.com?
Where can you view photos removed from Facebook and Snapchat?
What are the positions in businesses like Facebook, YouTube, and such companies? What are their purposes (from servant to CEO)?
Is Quora's marketing team not as good as Facebook's marketing team?
Does Facebook try to limit the visibility of posts that contain complaints/grievances about Facebook?
I have a friend request notification on Facebook. How do I find out who the person is who sent the request?
What happens when you login to Instagram with Facebook?
Which is the best FB status for a selfie?
How did Facebook gain new users in the early days?
Did Mark Zuckerberg really need the 1B to invent/make Facebook, or could he have done it with, say, £1000?
Why am I getting duplicate Facebook icons on my phone?
What is the difference between Facebook, WhatsApp and Quora? In terms of addiction, are all of them the same?
How do I make Facebook trust my account and enable the postpaid ads for me?
How can you see who you have poked on FB?
Is it possible to use old versions of social media websites such as, LinkedIn or Facebook?
How should I go about recruiting people to help run my 18+ Facebook group?
Does Facebook control which comments I see? The top comments below the popular posts always seem to agree with my political views, and that's worrying.
Would Facebook get rid of its group feature?
Can I share a video from Facebook to WhatsApp directly?
What are the chances Google or Facebook would hire a foreigner?
Is Facebook tracking WhatsApp messages or getting search tracking from Google?
Are there any restrictions for advertising an Amazon listing through Facebook ads on either end?
How do I get my Facebook password back even when I have my original number on my account stolen but now I have another mobile number?
How do websites like Facebook and Twitter convert their web applications into mobile applications?
Does Facebook show the phone number which you have for account verification purposes?
Why are Indians not able to build a successful and popular social media website like Facebook, Twitter, Myspace, LinkedIn, Quora and many more that have millions of users?
Why do internet providers want to block Facebook once net neutrality is gone in the US?
Where can I find a Facebook post of this video, https://youtu.be/SBTW5NrCA0c?
...
Why aren’t Facebook reaction emojis animated on my Android (Marshmallow) device?
I am getting too many fake profile requests on Facebook since February, 2017. Is anybody else facing the same?
How do I put a text notification on my Instagram and Facebook pages?
What actually is Facebook's Flow? What does it help with?
How do I get 5000 Facebook friend requests in one day?
Is there a simple way to identify the original post or video ID in Facebook Ads Manager reports?
How much money would Facebook lose for a 10 minute shutdown?
Why is Facebook reading my private conversations?
Have Facebook and Twitter done a form of price dumping by offering services, that cost them money, for free to users to eliminate any competition?
Is there currently a US Army base in Accra, Africa? I have received a Facebook offer of romance saying that he is currently serving there.
What should I say to a girl on Facebook who is asking for my "exact" address (which I don't want to share) without hurting her?
Is it possible to read Facebook messages without the recipient knowing?
Is Facebook Live better than Periscope?
Does the Facebook website use the same JSON responses as the app? On the website do they render all their pages on the client side?
How can I send a message that a person blocked me on Messenger?
Is it possible to add Facebook events to Google calendar?
How do I find influencers for cosmetics in Instagram and Facebook?
What should I do if Facebook is not working on Internet Explorer?
How can I hide my likes and comments from friends' news feed?
Who is Wornies? Why am I seeing Wornies in almost every Facebook post?
How do I get a reply from a girl on FB chat?
Will Amazon/Google/Facebook ever be overtaken by similar companies or are they permanent superpowers?
What is your opinion regarding the current quarterly results of Facebook Q1FY17?
How can one generate leads through Instagram and Facebook?
Can we (humans) expect a good life and living without social networking sites like Facebook, Twitter, Quora, WhatsApp and more?
How do I restore my old Facebook account if I forgot my password and email address?
Do people care about "likes" on their posts on social networks, like Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, etc.?
Facebook is hiring 3,000 to review videos of crime and suicide. Would you consider applying for this type of job and if yes, how would you cope?
How many, if any, North Koreans use Facebook?
In Facebook ads, can we target company names or company CEOs?
What is the current ballpark developer rates for simple Facebook Messenger Chatbots?
Can the police interrogate me over a post on Facebook about constitutional rights in America?
How can you tell if someone has deleted Messenger?
How else can Facebook make money apart of ads?
Did I win a promotion on Facebook?
Is it awkward to send friend requests to your future classmates after you get into and commit to your dream university?
Why is there partiality on Facebook?
What do photos look like in Facebook data downloads?
Is it hard to be hired by Facebook?
How do I find people on Facebook using their other app IDs?
How many posts should we post on a Facebook page every day?
Should I add my (former) TA on Facebook once final grades are released?
How do I see all likers (people who have liked a page) on Facebook?
What will happen if I delete my Gmail account? Will it delete everything that I used my Gmail on like Facebook or sites that I put my Gmail in?
How can I remove a comment on Facebook?
Do Korean people change their Facebook profie picture in support of President Moon?
Will this Facebook advertisement be less expensive if I remove the "sign up" button?
If someone deactivates his account on Facebook, then will his number be visible to his friends?
Can Facebook identify who in my Android contacts has Facebook profiles, but check all my contacts at once?
What good name can I give to my Facebook page?
How do I secure my Facebook account when someone reports me?
What is the coding to find the number of likes in Facebook?
How much time do Facebook take for account verification?
How can I find a holiday destination based on a Facebook profile?
What is better: to let guests know who are the other guests of a party or not letting them know that in advance?
After I was terminated, one of my old employees accessed my personal Facebook account via my old work computer. Can I sue?
I saw a girl on Facebook and was intrigued by her. I sent a friend request and also messaged her, saying she looks great. Is this how to approach people on Facebook?
How can I turn all my Facebook requests into followers?
How do I know if someone is on their phone through Messenger?
Do Facebook friends receive my posts?
If someone blocked me, but I don't block them, can they still see my timeline?
How would you know if your call had been rejected on Facebook Messenger?
What do the numbers on a Snapchat profile mean and how do they increase?
Why do the friends of old male friends from elementary school add me on Facebook?
Is there a tool that you can plug in a list of Facebook page URLs and get back a list of the corresponding number of Facebook reviews as well as star ratings?
What's the best way to auto-post to a Facebook buy/sell group?
How does someone hide their green dot on Messenger, but still say active now?
How much stock have Facebook employees received as of 2010?
Are Facebook users narcissistic?
How can I read a Facebook message without the Messenger in my Gmail?
How can I get my pic deleted from Facebook?
What is the average click per impression for Facebook ads?
How do I know if someone has looked at my Facebook profile?
What are best marketing models for video tagging applications like Facebook photo tagging which you can tag people in a video?
What can I use instead of Facebook?
What does circle with tick mean in messenger?
Are fb hacking sites fake or real?
What was Mark Zukerberg, Evan Spigel and Jack Dorsey’s salary at the founding stages of their companies?
Considering the role social media has played in spreading political news lately, would Mark Zuckerberg have an unfair advantage if he ran for office?
How do I fathom if a Facebook phone interview went good or bad?
Why aren’t my messages sending to one of my Facebook friends?
My mum constantly posts photos of me on Facebook, how can I get her to stop? I'm sixteen and I've tried telling her to stop but she won't.
What is Facebook's Jest project?
Is there a way to download a video from Facebook which have been removed?
Why would a guy undo his like on my Facebook photo?
Can I make a Facebook Live video in a public area?
If you block a friend on Facebook, can they still see your page?
How do I remove email suggestion on Facebook log in on my phone?
Is there any group online which shares information about fashion on Facebook, and how does it work?
What do you think about Facebook Messenger?
What is the song used in Facebook's birthday recall videos?
What are some websites like Facebook that gives users an option to upload their government id?
Can someone see if you've deleted the Messenger app?
How do you receive Facebook messages on an Android without letting the sender get a blue circle (the one before “seen”)?
Does Facebook really impact your business?
How much should I charge to manage an Instagram and a Facebook page?
How do I increase a Facebook fan page’s organic likes?
How can my video be shared by the big pages on Facebook?
How do I save campaigns in Facebook Ads Manager?
How can I take down a fake Facebook profile? It is harrassing me and I'm isolated and depressed.
Can I see whether someone views my Facebook account a lot?
Is there anyone on Quora who uses Facebook frequently but still maintains a good code of conduct throughout his day?
What would happen if Facebook removed or hid the contact button from the Messenger app?
How do I stop showing videos you may like on Facebook?
How do you access secret Facebook groups?
How can I grow my Facebook fan page without getting blocked, considering the Facebook restrictions?
What are the pulsing rings around the video chat in Messenger?
Does Facebook have a program to support startups building products in its ecosystem?
Why does it show that someone is active on Facebook Messenger when I'm not even Facebook friends with them?
How can I make Google photos my default download location for Chrome, Facebook and Twitter photos?
What is the strategy about optimizing related ad keyword classifications on Facebook?
How do I turn off the message preview from the Facebook Messenger app in iOS 10.3?
What are the struggles or the toughest times of Facebook and Google companies?
How can I earn from my Facebook page if I have 5000+ likes?
How can I play Clash of Clans in Facebook?
Can anyone use my Facebook account with the correct password without me getting any notifications on my account?
Facebook is available in 11 Indian languages, but I still don't see much use of it. Why don’t people use their native language on Facebook?
What are the major technologies being used in tech giants like Google and Facebook? I am from a programming background and currently working for Wipro.
Is it possible to fetch other users’ data from Tumblr?
Why is my Facebook profile page still appearing while it is already set for deletion and my account should be already deactivated?
How do I gain access to a Facebook account that I have personal information on but no password?
How do I pass username and password of Facebook in URL?
How do you hide groups on Facebook?
How do I respond to the question “Do I know you?” on Facebook?
Is Facebook’s Senior Director level a grade 9?
When Facebook started, what was its purpose?
Is posting a photo with a celebrity a violation of Facebook community standards, especially when they agreed to be photoed but are unaware of its use?
What should I comment on my boyfriend's photo on Facebook?
Is it true that Facebook earns more money by advertisement rather than through its application and products?
Why does Facebook allow livestreaming?
What does Facebook actually do when I mark that I ignored a friend request because I don't know that person?
How do I search for someone who is not on Facebook or Google?
How can I see who viewed my Vkontakte photo?
Whar are some popular Facebook pages or websites which post facts about different languages?
Can you tell if someone visits your Facebook profile?
Why does a person’s private Facebook timeline counts down the years?
Why did Facebook attempt to acquire Snow, a Snapchat clone?
Why is the image quality of nearbuy's current Facebook sponsored post so low?
If I get a referral from Mark Zuckerberg, do I still need to go through Facebook's technical interview?
How does Facebook determine what percentage of a user's news feed is ads vs. organic stories?
How many people post their shopping queries on Facebook?
Do companies like Facebook, Google and Amazon require university degrees for web developers?
Can someone who knows my Facebook password sniff my video calls simultaneously?
Can the top level Facebook team login to other user accounts discreetly (especially celebrities)?
Can I invite followers on my personal Facebook account to like my business page?
What is the best alternative to Facebook & Instagram?
Are there any websites where you can anonymously buy and sell Facebook pictures which are not publically available?
Can I add all my Facebook friends to a group at one time?
Why are my favorites not showing up in Facebook Messenger?
How do I make it to the Big Four as a software developer?
Why do Facebook introduced and then reverted the thankful reaction?
Facebook has suggested my ex in People you May Know. Should I send her a request?
When browsing to my friend’s post in Facebook it has 78 likes and 1 share on the bottom. How can I find out who shared it?
Are Facebook and Instagram statistics about a promoted post really true?
Some friends of mine found my crush's parents on Facebook, should I be concerned of them messaging her parents?
What percent of Indians are busy on FB?
How do I respond to a plan in Facebook Messenger?
How many ads should I use per audience (on Facebook), and what's the maximum budget to use on each ad? Is there a calculation?
Is there an API for recent Facebook page likes that I can implement into a live stream?
How are volume tracking links added to Facebook ads?
Do my friends know if I look at someone's Facebook from my friend's Facebook account?
Why do we Indians always talk about love, like love story movies, in WhatsApp and Facebook statuses?
Where can you see the date of when you were blocked by a person on Facebook?
Patanjali are promoting their products on Facebook and YouTube, etc. which are platforms run by foreign companies. Doesn’t that go against their Swadeshi movement?
How can you tell if you've been blocked on Signal Messenger app?
How do I find all the Facebook groups in my city?
Can I get on Facebook without anyone knowing?
Is Facebook trying to steal our information by asking us to log in onto other websites through FB?
How can I determine which images appear when sharing Quora answer to Facebook or Twitter?
Are these Facebook apps unsafe?
How do the top 6 friends on your Facebook profile work?
Where can I buy 'real' US Facebook fans?
How can I use Graph API to get Facebook profile data using Python, R, Flume, and Spark?
How do I read somebody else's messages on Facebook with out them knowing?
How do I see other people’s messages on Messenger?
What will the pros and cons be if the GOI bans sites like Facebook, Instagram, and Snapchat in India?
What are some amazing unknown hidden features of Facebook?
How can I make 2 Instagram accounts with one Facebook account?
What is the difference between Facebook addicts and Quora addicts?
Can I have a FB page with no one knowing about it?
How do we scale our current 13 Adsets Facebook (13 ads) targeting the same audience optimized by FB?
What can I do with Facebook API?
How do I edit my comment below a post on Facebook, but have it show as the original comment and not an edit?
Are the statistics on Facebook and Instagram about promoted post authentic?
How do I search content on Facebook?
Can I find a person on Facebook if I have an email address?
How does Facebook determine whether solid or gradient backgrounds are available for status updates and when?
Can someone invite you to join messenger if you've blocked them on Facebook?
Can I reset my password on IG if I forgot my email account and my phone number indicated on it doesn't exist?
How do I manage my Facebook page in the perfect way?
Every time I run an ad on my Facebook Page, organic reach on regular posts plummet, and they do not normalize for a week. Why is this happening?
Why is my CPC on Facebook rising while my audience is not even half saturated?
Should I only run my Facebook ad during the hours most conversions occur?
Is it mandatory to have an FB account for a Quora user provided I do not have accounts in Facebook or Twitter?Is it stupid of me for not having so?
Did you start to visit Facebook less after you discovered Quora?
Is moving away from payments to pure ads a good strategy for Facebook Messenger?
How can I see who my girlfriend is talking to when using messenger and private messenger?
Why do Facebook friends who have deleted their accounts stay in your account?
What configuration is Mark Zuckerberg using as a primary development machine?
How did Jessica Su prepare for her interview at Facebook?
If it could be proven without a doubt that there is no God (for lack of a better word), what would happen?
Can I download 2 Facebook app?
How can I reset my Facebook password if I do not have the registered mobile number?
What is the meaning of “hmm” in messenger?
Do people use WhatsApp in Switzerland?
Would you find it worse to be blocked on Facebook or unfriended?
How much did Mark Zuckerberg earn from Facebook when it is was starting (initial amount in 2004)?
Why can't Facebook allow more than 5000 friends?
I have deactivated my Facebook account. I did this on my phone. But I can still log back in. Does this mean my account is not deleted properly?
What type of content can we post on Facebook’s company page?
How do I go from ‘connected on FB Messenger’ to ‘click here to invite’?
Someone is sharing pictures of my friend with a fake Facebook ID. How can we report it to Facebook and how can we trace that person?
Which are the best Facebook pages from Tamil Nadu, which will make you occupied?
Is it better to use the Instagram or Facebook advertising platform to get a higher install rate of a mobile app?
Will there be an end for Facebook news feed or Quora feed?
Why is it that I can talk on my phone about something, and within a couple of days, see some ads for it sent to me on Facebook?
What are the benefits of Facebook?
What percentage of Facebook’s​ code was written by Mark Zuckerberg?
Where can I find Facebook data sets that show interactions between friends?
If you publish on Facebook, do you get royalties?
Didn't Facebook realize that implementing the story feature in all their apps will just divide their users?
Why does the Telegram Messenger (app) famous in Russia and the Facebook doesn't?
How do I log into my Facebook account if I don't know my password or the password to the email I signed in with?
What is the best social media platform to gauge public sentiment: Twitter, Facebook, or Quora?
How do you find customers in Canada on Facebook?
Are the images sent over FB secure?
How do I prevent my Facebook fan page from getting unpublished after merging?
Why doesn't Facebook come up with (write) its own operating system?
Do you believe health should be free like Quora, Facebook, and Wikipedia?
Why does the camera on Facebook Messenger have circles around it, sometimes?
Is there an app to know who sends invites to my Facebook?
In the U.S., is it criminal to create a fake Facebook account and obtain nudes?
How do I recover my Facebook account for which I know the email address?
What will happen to Facebook and WhatsApp in June?
How do I find links of engineering students Facebook groups in any American universities?
How can I edit a Facebook post?
Does Facebook allow two accounts of yours, both with real name and correct info?
How are Facebook landing pages created?
How do I change my birth date on my Facebook profile?
Do Facebook, Spotify and other big tech companies use BitTorrent, and if so, in what way?
How good is Facebook marketplace for selling used electronics?
Do you feel that Facebook causes issues with cell phones not working properly?
Why did Facebook page posts organic reach decrease a lot starting April 2017?
If a person does not have Messenger and is not my friend on Facebook, how will they see my message?
How do Facebook and ad tech companies verify impression aggregation (automation testing)?
What happens to your Facebook account if you pass away?
If two people block each other on Facebook, how can it be undone?
What will be the impact if Quora had emotions like Facebook/WhatsApp instead of upvotes (with features such as like, wow, smile, etc)?
Can I earn through Facebook pages?
How do I have a Facebook account that is free from political posts?
Is it true that you can request a copy of the file the FBI has on you by sending them a letter?
How is Facebook gaining ground in the display advertising market?
Why doesn't Facebook show me my likes?
Is it a bad sign if a startup is dependent on Google and Facebook marketing for growth?
How can I send friend request to the CEO of Facebook Mark Zuckerberg?
How visible are Facebook posts set to "friends only"? Can employers find them?
How do I discover my friends’ activity on Facebook?
Where can I find Facebook coupons (50$) for cheap prices?
How can I reclaim my company's business Facebook page?
Why would my husband delete his Facebook profile with me on his friends list while continuing with another containing memories of his ex?
Why do some words on my Facebook page look like this ⵜⴰⵣⵡⵓⵔⵜ when I sign in from Chrome or Edge?
How can I find out if one of my friend on friend list has more than one number?
Can someone possibly get a notification if Iook at their Facebook a lot on my account?
Do China and Russia have their own version of Facebook?
How can I find similar Facebook Fanpages (free tool)?
Why do celebrities and others choose to use Twitter more than Facebook to share ideas and other content?
How different is Facebook Android app compared with other native apps?
Is a person blocked on Facebook Messenger blocked on Facebook, too?
How can I access my ex girlfriends Facebook from my iPhone when she is in a different state?
Why are the Carousel images getting blurred on Facebook? The dimensions are above 600x600.
How I can undo my deleted chats on Facebook?
Where do I view my friend list?
Can I add friends of my friend on Facebook? What does he/she actually think?
Will companies like Facebook, Uber, and Airbnb survive in the market for the next 20 years?
When Facebook disables an account, does it ban the account or that person? And are those users allowed to create a new account?
Is there any IPM aspirant I could get in contact with via Facebook or any other means?
Why don't Quora have auto translate like Facebook or Google?
How long would it take to scroll through Facebook feed if you were friends with every user?
Are we allowed to add teachers we had on Facebook and speak to them?
Do you think Discord has the potential to transform into a large social network?
How many followers do I need to attract adverts for my Facebook page?
What Social media sites to use instead of Facebook for daily usage?
Why don't Indian boys make American girlfriends through Facebook?
Can Facebook be replaced?
Why does Quora allow users to have a different name from their Facebook accounts?
What are “autolikes” in Facebook?
Why can't I see the details of someone who is not my friend and who was last active on Messenger?
Is social media like Facebook good for your own development?
How can I send a request to a person on FB, when it keeps on showing 'send request to known person only' but I know that person?
What is the best and easiest method to make a public interest message viral on Facebook?
Does the FCC regulate the Facebook videos?
Facebook has around 2 billion users. Why are they still doing marketing via ads? Do they really need any advertisement, as every child knows about them?
Is there any app for Facebook that when a specific person​ comes online I get notified​?
What will happen if my old Gmail ID is linked to my Facebook account, and I deleted it?
Is it illegal to use someone’s wedding video that you shoot for marketing purposes on FaceBook/YouTube?
Why is there no Swadesi website similar to Google or Facebook in India?
How can I stop or mute a Facebook video embedded via JavaScript SDK on my own page (my page is in my own domain)?
Where is the best place to post funny images in hopes of them going viral?
How do you activate a disabled account?
How do I recover my deleted Facebook messages?
How one can gain Facebook page likes?
What is meant by "you have a friend suggestion”?
Does Facebook pay for its users to create a page or a group? If yes, then how much?
What does a Facebook ID with a -0 after it signify?
How can I find out if my wife is cheating, with Facebook and chat lines?
Why won't Facebook or forum sites be blocked without net neutrality?
Some parts of the conversation disappear from the Facebook group chat. Why is this happening?
Can Mark Zuckerberg read celebrities' Facebook chats?
Why am I being asked to add someone to a Facebook group?
How do I guess if a data engineer phone interview for Facebook went good or bad?
Where can I find out more info on Facebook spaces?
Can anyone verify my Facebook page?
Why does a narcissist man make his Facebook profile public then go private?
What is the official abbreviation for Facebook Instant Articles? FIA or FBIA?
What app has full page advertisements that pop up at random? The ads almost always lead to company Facebook pages. It does not show up in scans.
How can I transfer a Facebook session from my iOS device to somewhere else?
How can you call somebody through Messenger if you are not friends?
If 2 Facebook accounts have been deleted permanently, then what will happen to the chat conversations, including photos, between those 2 accounts?
How much do I need to spend to get 10,000 likes on my Facebook page?
Is Facebook good for you?
Is it possible to change the SMS content of Facebook Account Kit?
How do I hack fb on a cell phone?
Which is the best tool to post on multiple Facebook groups?
What are the best comments for a mother’s profile?
Do people hack Facebook or Google to fix bugs? Or is there any other way to fix it legally?
Can we get user details of the people who engage with our Facebook ad?
What are the characteristics of passive aggressive Facebook posts?
Facebook Ads: what interest group would be best for people that have recently purchased a TV and may need installation? It's so broad.
Who tried to change my FB password?
Why has the Facebook killer gotten so much attention?
What is the basic difference between Facebook and other social sites which makes Facebook very much popular and others not?
What would be viable antitrust strategies against Facebook and Google becoming/already being a digital advertising duopoly?
How do I delete archived messages (chat logs) on Facebook?
How can I open a Facebook Chapter at my university?
Is Facebook down right now May 25, 2017?
Why would a good guy friend block me from Facebook? I've known him 20 years.
Is there a way, in 2017, to import Facebook comments (from a blog post with Facebook comments) to the original WordPress comment system or Disqus?
How can you see how long someone has been friends on Facebook?
Who should I target my Facebook ads to in order to get new customers if products are mystical products like horoscopes?
Which is the best free Facebook lead management software?
A person is asleep, but his status is constantly changing from ‘active now’ to ‘active "x" minutes ago’. Is this happening because he's receiving messages, or is he lying?
How do I know if someone I am not friends with on Facebook received my message on Messenger?
Is Facebook slowly becoming a digital country with Zuckerberg as its leader?
How do I make payments for Facebook sponsored posts through Paytm?
What did Facebook & Snapchat do in its first 12 months for marketing and user acquisition?
Can I recover a deleted Facebook chat?
What do I text to a girl whom I have seen everyday before sending a friend request?
Would you have had the foresight to join Facebook if Mark Zuckerberg approached you and asked you to help him create the world's largest social media platform?
Why did Vivek Shetty leave Facebook?
What is Facebook's core competency?
How is game theory used in real life applications by tech-companies such as Google, Facebook, Amazon, Microsoft and others?
Is there a tutorial for making a Facebook chat bot triggered by a page's post comments?
How many people use Facebook in Turkiye?
If celebrities don’t have personal Facebook accounts, how do they have a Facebook page?
If somebody hacked my Facebook and ended the log in session afterwards, would their log in still show up in my archive?
Can I download all of my Messenger information?
What would happen if Snapchat integrated Facebook login?
Is YouTube live feature copied from Facebook live?
When did Facebook become irrelevant?
The OBC NCL certificate prescribed by IIT has two pages. At the time of uploading the documents, do I have to upload both pages?
What is this ad on Facebook for?
Does Mark Zuckerberg's mom tell him to concentrate on Facebook?
If you just launched Facebook events 2.0, what metrics would you collect and how would you know if the launch was a success?
Is it advisable to combine a personal Facebook account with a business one?
Who pays for posts on Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, etc?
How do I know my friends blocked me on Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat?
Are you friends with Tyler Garman Art on Facebook?
Would you have invested in Facebook in 2004?
What makes someone choose one form of direct messaging over another? For example, why choose Facebook Messenger, Instagram Direct, Snap Direct, or WhatsApp?
Have you heard about minds.com?
Why do women accept friend requests from men on Facebook and then don't want to chat with them?
Can Quora be an alternative to Facebook and Twitter for students?
Why is Facebook going to be banned in the US?
How do you go from being connected on Messenger to saying ‘click here to invite’?
Does Facebook or any other social media site monitor our everyday life?
How do you place a countdown clock on a Facebook page?
How can I get more GoFundMe page views? I have shared with all Facebook friends and Twitter.
Who approves Facebook ads: Bots or humans?
Can I earn money through Facebook?
Are all the stories on Facebook about human trafficking near misses real or fake?
Does Balaji Viswanathan have a Facebook account?
Who has my girlfriend recently added on Facebook?
What does Facebook not monetise shopping on the platform through commission like Amazon does?
How many accounts has Facebook disabled?
Why isn't Facebook showing my contacts anymore?
Can I make a truly 'public' Facebook live (see details)?
What is the eligibility criteria for getting off campus placement in Google, Facebook and Microsoft?
How do the companies like Google and Facebook recruit, and how can you know their exam dates?
This girl I have a crush on accepted my Facebook friend request only about 2 hours after I sent it. Does that mean she likes me?
How can Facebook choose people to show you in 'people you may know'?
Is there a system of posting “Happy Birthday” messages on Quora as in the case of Facebook?
Since the web has matured a little bit, are we doomed to live with monopolies such as Google, Facebook, Amazon, and LinkedIn for decades to come?
What are the technical reasons behind some Facebook notifications coming much later than others?
Who can see comments written on Facebook pages of celebrities?
What does it mean for developers that Facebook has re-written React as "React Fiber"?
Is it impossible to get a lot of friends on Facebook?
Does permanently deleting your Facebook account also delete your group posts and comments in groups that you are no longer a member of anymore?
Why are people on Quora posting their personal photos and making it another Facebook? Why doesn’t Quora’s administration put a stop to it?
Is it possible that Facebook’s membership numbers will decrease in the next ten years like it did for Yahoo Messenger?
What is the adoption rate of Facebook in India?
Is it unethical to gain Facebook likes from suffering one?
Can you check your fb messages?
Will Facebook survive once the US gets rid of net neutrality?
When a Facebook page I follow/like host or co-host an event, will I receive a notification?
How does ScoopWhoop create short videos for their Facebook page?
Why is Facebook not allowing me to add a description on my page and also place a website, etc.?
How do I know who’s viewed my video on Facebook?
Can one post nudes privately on Facebook?
How do the Facebook, WhatsApp, and Instagram applications make money?
What is India's biggest Facebook group?
How does a Facebook post get embedded in a WordPress blog post?
How do I open my old Facebook account if I forgot my password and email address?
How can I write bold letters in a Facebook post?
How can I use a mobile number to search for a Facebook ID?
If a company’s Facebook posts are not being shown, what can the company do to be seen by more of its fans?
How do you analyze the structure of "Is it us, or are news headlines about Facebook's impact on our health popping up more and more these days?"
How can you login without a code on Facebook?
Can we find our lookalike on Facebook?
How do I delete my fb account permanently?
What do you fear most about mind/thought reading technology?
One of my non-Muslim friends is not accepting my friend request on Facebook because I have reverted to Islam. What will you say?
Why is it when I Unfollow a page on Facebook, but don't Unlike it, I still see its news on my newsfeed?
How do I share an image on Facebook to WhatsApp?
Why won't Facebook load the remainder of the photo album instead of just giving me the spinning cursor?
Can someone receive an invite to join messenger from a deactivated Facebook account?
How can you tell if someone is talking you privately on Messenger?
Why does Facebook let you collapse comments of people that you follow but not friends?
Should I setup a separate ad account for Facebook Traffic and Remarketing?
I created a Facebook page, but I put a new admin on it. So, he removed me from admin and blocked me. Is there any solution for me to get my page back?
How do I send Facebook to WeChat?
What data can you pull from Facebook's pages without being an admin by using Facebook API?
How do I transfer a Facebook messenger text to a WhatsApp message?
If Facebook forced you to scan your passport for them, would you do it?
Will Facebook be deleted by itself if I didn't deactivate it, and also never try to open it?
How can I sort my Facebook notifications by unread?
Which Facebook groups are the best for video marketing advice?
Do you think Snapchat will last?
What is the Facebook swell bot?
How does Facebook chat work in PC and phones?
Is PIP in Facebook a way to get people fired?
How do you tag someone on Facebook?
Has your Facebook Page ever been stolen?
Using Facebook, how can we invite one thousand people to a non-profit domestic violence prevention event?
What tools do you use in hacking Facebook account?
Is it possible to attach Facebook album to a website?
How do I share movie trailers on Facebook?
How do I get access to Facebook Stories and Messenger Day?
How are some AMP-enabled posts, or Facebook instant articles, showing my email in their subscription boxes?
Which platform can help you to approach and acquire clients more effectively - Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, or Twitter?
Why is my Facebook profile on Tinder? I have never used tinder before and never even heard of it.
Does the number of friends a person has on Facebook reveal anything?
People tab on messenger(iOS) is loading, nothing appear and there is no active people shown, what am I supposed to do?
Can we restrict the voting rights of members in a Facebook group?
How do I link comments from my previous post to a new post?
How do I add a community tab on my Facebook page?
How do some Facebook users set picture as a background of their Facebook text status? Note that I don't mean color/gradient but actual picture.
Should one join Facebook or Instagram?
Would a web/mobile developer interview at Facebook/Instagram require heavy ds & algorithms?
Why would I get a push notification if one of my connections liked a post (not my post) on LinkedIn?
How many views is a Facebook post likely to have per share?
What position(s) could someone interested/experienced in the humanities fill at a company such as Facebook or Google?
How do I find a USA active Facebook group?
If you have two separate Facebook accounts (as a company), is it possible to migrate the pages owned by each account to one account?
How can you drive traffic to an eBay or Amazon listing using Facebook?
Someone has hacked my Facebook account and posted something obscene. I want to change the password, but forgot my present password. How do I change it?
How do I check Facebook login status in Android?
What percent of Messenger users are English speaking?
How can I get more shares on my Facebook videos?
What is the simplest way to share an FB video to a non-FB user?
How do I un-archive a Facebook contact (conversation) to the inbox (desktop)?
Will an Indian girl accept a friend request from an unknown boy?
How can I unlink a logged out Instagram account from my Facebook page?
How do I see “Friend Request Sent” on Facebook?
Do you feel annoyed that when you see Facebook telling you that an offender does not violate the standards of racism and violent remarks of theirs?
Henry Froelich asks: Is it liberating to have a Facebook account with no friends, just post publicly so that anyone can see, and comment?
How do I invite people who are not present in my Facebook friends list to like my Facebook page?
Can I expect to get a job in companies like Google, Facebook, etc. if I take CS at Sikkim Manipal University?
Does it leave a poor impression to start a conversation with a coworker you like on Facebook than in person?
How do police deal with cases related to Facebook IDs that were deleted 2 years ago?
What is the easiest way to embed Facebook photos as a slideshow on my website?
How do I send a WPF file on Messenger?
Can I access my WhatsApp via Facebook?
Is there any way I could find who visits my Facebook profile for free?
How do I know who my secret profile visitors are on Facebook?
How can I send Facebook notifications to other Facebook users?
Would Facebook's ParlAI scale to RDFS or OWL?
Does Facebook use Redux?
How do I remove the phone number from my FB account?
How do I get rid off of using Facebook?
How do you get Facebook page likes for your new startup page?
How do I delete a Facebook account which I don't use?
Why is the green dot after the phone icon on Messenger not shown for everyone?
What is the process to live steam cricket match on a Facebook Page?
Why is it easy to get likes on Facebook but hard to get upvotes on Quora?
What happens when a message is deleted when it is in with a single tick on Facebook?
Does Facebook feel a long-term threat to its viability and brand? Does it recognize that emerging social media platforms are stealing market share?
How can I join tech giants like Google, Facebook, MSFT as college dropout in India? And what salary can I expect?
If I customize who can see posts I'm tagged in on my timeline on Facebook, can they still see it in their newsfeed?
Approximately how many verified accounts are given by Twitter and Facebook on a daily basis?
What happens when I connect sign up on Quora using my Facebook account?
Can being active on Messenger also mean someone is scrolling through their feed or watching videos, etc.?
If I delete my Facebook account, will my sent pics get deleted from the conversations?
How do I find US-based Facebook Fiverr groups?
How can I make humor/meme content go viral on social media?
How can hide my friend list on Facebook using an Android phone?
What would cause me to stop being able to see when someone is active on Facebook Messenger? Would they have to have blocked me?
After a relationship ends, do you block or unfriend the ex on Facebook?
How do I search many Facebook groups at once?
Why is Facebook getting boring?
Does Google share its big data with Facebook?
How do I increase the spending limit of a Facebook page?
Why am I not seeing the green dot in my friend's Facebook account when he is active?
How do I verify Facebook in India?
What is the size of a Facebook cover photo?
How do I create a Facebook web page HTML?
How can you make your Facebook stand out?
What is the best way of counting the number of words in a given Facebook group?
How do we know how many page likes or post likes can we get with a budget of $500 for Facebook ads lifetime budget?
How can I get my Instagram account back without using my Facebook? I have forgotten the password.
What language is Facebook Android app written in?
How do I make my Facebook page more popular among women?
Are there any mediators who can get my Facebook page verified?
How I can recover my Facebook account because I forgot the password?
Does everyone get Facebook stats on their page?
What's the difference between hosting and co-hosting a Facebook event as a fan page?
What can I do if I want to develop a Facebook replica for Uganda only?
How can I know my friends on Facebook who never like my posts? I don't want to unfriend those people who keep liking my posts.
I have two accounts linked on Messenger. Will it show active for both accounts even when only one account is being used?
How old is Facebook?
What would happen if Facebook were to shut down for 1 hour?
Why are pictures not showing up in the 'photos of you' section of Facebook, even though I'm tagged in them?
Why don't I see the Facebook explore option in desktop and only in Facebook application?
How do I find who uploaded a photo first on Facebook?
I keep getting friend requests in Facebook from people (real ones, not fake) I haven't met, should I accept them?
An unknown person opened a Facebook account using my Gmail ID. How can I close this Facebook account?
Can I export pictures in the comments on a Facebook page?
I've 3 pages with the personal profile, I claimed one page to the business manager and I want to restore it to my personal account, how can I do it?
Why don't I see GIFs on Facebook?
Why do profile pictures of guys in WhatsApp, Facebook, etc. include their girlfriend while almost all girls will not have their partners' photo included in theirs?
What BlueKai data does Facebook collect? Are they cookies-based?
How can I report an FB account?
How do you target fans of other fan pages in Facebook ads?
How do I extract all of my Facebook Messenger messages for each person (ideally via API)?
How can I search someone on Facebook?
Can I be notified if someone searches me or my Facebook page?
How do we extract mobile numbers from our friends on Facebook with the help of an Android device?
How many days is Facebook disabled for?
Is Facebook trying to discourage the use of Instagram by introducing "News Feed Direct Message" and "Facebook Stories"?
What is the highest rank available on Facebook Tetris?
How much more likely are people to like a Facebook comment that includes a "thumbs up" emoji in its text?
How can I bring back accidently spammed chats in Messenger?
I have a tech page on IG called @samsungblog_ that has more than 80k followers. How can I make money from that? I also have 3 more tech pages with 30k
Can I get alerts showing me how long I have been active on Facebook and Facebook messenger?
What does the camera next to the phone with the green dot on Messenger keep blinking for?
Why doesn’t my Facebook message to someone have blue ticks, even if he is online?
How am I supposed to help a friend whose Facebook account has been hacked?
What "new" business idea would you give these companies to expand their business: Amazon, Netflix, Apple, Uber, Facebook and Twitter?
How can I get more likes in Facebook group?
Is it possible to get a Facebook blue badge on a media page with 3.9k likes?
How do I scrap (get) the full list of shares on a Facebook post?
Can WhatsApp be hacked with a Facebook password?
Why has Facebook not acquired TripAdvisor yet?
Is it possible to resize images/media on my Facebook feed?
How can I add a custom E-book cover to a PDF book?
How much is spent on Facebook advertising, on average, by a small scale business?
How does the Facebook “Suggestion” part work? How do they suggest friends?
Can you catch someone with a fake account on Facebook?
What charges can be filed against me if I violated someone's privacy by going through someone's Facebook account?
Should I send a friend request to a musician on Facebook? He's kind of a celebrity. I'm a fan of his music.
How do I get Facebook to remove a fake profile using my father’s identity? Reporting hasn't worked.
If Mark Zuckerberg became president, would he be consider the most powerful man alive?
Why are most of the people switching from Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, etc., to Quora?
I added someone to my contacts, can they somehow see that they are on my contacts using Snapchat?
Is anyone having issues with Facebook Ads, Ads Manager, or getting their ads reviewed? My Facebook ads are not getting reviewed.
There are so many ads about the ‘No. 1 Internet Marketing/Marketer’ on Facebook. Which one is the most reliable and true?
China's protective market has created competitors to Google, FB and Amazon. Should other countries follow so as to cultivate homegrown companies?
If someone were to have a jackpot idea like Snapchat or Facebook, would it be relatively easy to make a business out of it?
Which social networks have the best comments under the comment model?
How do I get fake followers on a Facebook fan page?
What is the biggest free classified Facebook page in Bangladesh?
How can I get the blue mark on my Facebook profile?
If I block someone on Facebook, will I still see their "likes" or comments on future posts by mutual friends?
Isn't the social media like Snapchat and Instagram making today's youth more pretentious?
If someone is on my 'people you may know' on Facebook, am I on theirs?
How do I find out who has seen my comments on a photo on Facebook?
How do I see if someone blocked me from seeing their post but I'm still their friend on Snapchat?
Why do people not support your posts on Facebook?
How do I market to a specific segment of the population on Facebook?
What is the age to use Facebook?
What are the best practices to build an awesome Facebook Shop page?
How do I block someone from seeing my FB page?
How do I get back into my Facebook account if someone changed my password?
What are Facebook texts?
What accounts for Facebook's decline in popularity?
What would be life after quitting WhatsApp and Facebook?
What should I fill in the "website" section on Facebook?
Can I share a Facebook page event on LinkedIn?
Have you ever tried to troll anyone online while chatting?
How do I change unpublished Facebook posts to published?
Why can’t India make Google and Facebook?
How do I open my husband's FB account in my cell phone without his knowledge?
What is the best reply if a stranger abuses me on Facebook?
Is there a way to tell what targeting options people are using to serve you a specific Facebook ad?
Can someone can view if I send pictures in messenger?
What is the idea of sharing news or website posts on Facebook with an instant power sign? Is that so that they can get loaded automatically and read instantly?
Why would someone make private their relationship status on FB? Especially when you can link to their partner that says married?
How can I make an auto-reply in my Facebook account?
How can I log in to Gmail or Facebook knowing only my username using an inspect element?
Why do so many of my friends miss my fb messages?
What are the pros of being on Facebook? We have all read numerous answers on the cons already.
If I unfriend someone on Snapchat and went on private then back to public setting, will they still be able to see my stories?
What are the best uses or features of Facebook?
Why can't I view the profile of a person that Facebook says I'm already friends with?
Is there an iPhone app that combines SMS, email, and Facebook messenger in one inbox?
What softwares & platform does Google and Facebook use to create marketing materials?
How can I know the IP address that hacked my Facebook or Gmail?
Why are some (maybe many) people 'not' using Facebook/Twitter? I’d like to understand their angle as well.
What is the most expensive country in which to advertise on Facebook, in terms of CPC & CPM?
Can one get malware by visiting a real Facebook page?
Can you Suggest me some hacks of Facebook?
How can I delete an icon from Facebook Messenger?
How much should I charge to manage my clients’ Facebook ad campaigns?
Should I add a guy I like on Facebook?
Can I follow back links from Facebook and Google Plus?
How do you find your favorites on Messenger?
How do I share HTML canvas to Facebook using Facebook JavaScript SDK?
How can my friends’ friends see my post on Facebook?
How can I find my first Facebook?
How can I report hacking on Facebook?
How can I effectively delete my Facebook profile picture?
What will happen if Facebook implements strict BNBR policy like Quora?
When you block someone on Facebook, what's the difference (as far as what they can see) between blocking them and deleting your account?
What is Facebook's code review process like?
How do I set up a Facebook ads campaign targeting people suffering from injuries?
How can I get a brand endorsement for my Facebook videos, if they are seen by 1lakh people on average?
How can I be benefited by using Quora instead of Facebook?
Why do people say Instagram is for close friends and Facebook is for everyone?
What are your thoughts on Facebook's Two-Person-Live feature on Facebook Live?
Why do I get suggestions of my contacts on Facebook when I have not linked my phone number to the account?
How does Facebook get data about professional Dota matches?
How can I know if someone used my Facebook account without my permission?
How do we post live video on Facebook from a mobile?
Can I upload multiple videos of 1.5 GB to Facebook posts one at a time?
Is there an app I can use to delete one entire year of Facebook post, while keeping other years intact?
What are some of the questions asked in Facebook interviews?
How do I find private profiles from my fiancee’s Facebook account?
Why did Facebook take back the 'Thankful' flower emoticon?
Which is the best group on Facebook for puzzles?
How can I cancel a pending request on Facebook?
Which is a better option to promote a home based business? A Facebook page or a blog?
Does Facebook pay for most followers?
How can you tell if someone is messaging someone on Messenger?
Do you think Facebook is becoming YouTube's younger sibling?
How do you feel when you are at home and see a pictures of a group of friends on Facebook or Instagram?
Is there any app which help us to see who has checked our WhatsApp and Facebook profile?
Is Mark Zuckerberg egoistic?
What is a unique name for an Instagram page about nail art?
How do I get on Facebook if it's blocked by the wifi?
How do you show your life and your value and promote yourself on Facebook, WeChat, and Instagram in a normal or special way, especially for your goddess?
Why doesn't Facebook take reports seriously?
Is there a Facebook page for Steven Olnhausen?
What is the best way to report a Facebook page with more than 100,000 followers, and is there a specific number of Facebook users to report it?
Why do Indian women avoid talking to strangers on Facebook while feeling free on matrimonial sites?
How can I display Facebook album on my website using different layouts? (Grid, Masonery, Slideshow etc)
How do I transition a viral content media Facebook page to a business direction?
How did Facebook earn money in its early stages?
TamilRockers is one of the piracy websites. They are interacting with the people in Twitter and Facebook. Can the cybercrime department do something?
Do you think Quora is more addictive than Facebook and Instagram?
How do I use Facebook and WhatsApp on a Blackberry Z10?
Can a candidate go through multiple recruiters for Facebook or Google at the same time? Do they see each other's candidate history?
Is it legal for someone to keep a deceased family member's profile on Facebook active after that person has died without noting it in their profile?
Why did the icon marketplace on my Facebook account suddenly disappear?
How can we counter a point where someone says its not a bad thing (could be anything like, social networking etc.) in itself if it's used properly?
Is it a good idea to send my former teacher a friend request on Facebook?
How do I view a person’s profile on Facebook after they message me?
Where should I make a complaint for any wrong post on Facebook in India?
What is/are the best programming language/s to learn, if you want to work in Facebook or Google?
How do I find the direct link to a specific post?
How can I browse Facebook anonymously?
Which one is very important in Facebook marketing: page likes or post engagement?
Is there a way to safeguard your Facebook Custom Audiences in case your ad account gets disabled?
Why do people say that Facebook targeting is amazing when I can only select age, gender and interests?
Is Facebook interesting for BtoB marketers?
Facebook has used my ID to do verification in the past, how long does it keep a copy of that ID and how do I remove it?
What is the best social analytics tool for managing and measuring 30+ Facebook, Twitter and Instagram channels at the same time?
Will Indians stop using Facebook if Evan Spiegel becomes the CEO of Facebook?
Did Mark Zuckerberg die?
What do I do with a Google Tracking Code and Facebook Pixel?
How do I stop my Facebook addiction?
Is it common for Facebook and Google users to distrust the companies and feel helpless about it?
Why does Facebook specifically not allow you to untag yourself from other people's comments?
Why has the search functionality on Facebook buy-and-sell groups been removed?
How can I create impressive posts on Facebook?
Can you see your Facebook password on messenger?
I deactivated my account. Will she still get my message?
Can we get a Facebook users list from a particular location using an FB API?
Is there any way to search a Facebook account​ by the uploaded pictures on that account​?
How do I check my Facebook archive?
Why does Facebook keep rejecting my ad?
If you had to stop using either Facebook or YouTube, which one would you choose?
Why do giants like Google and Facebook spend money on advertising?
Can any idea eliminate Facebook in the future?
How do I turn off filters in Facebook posts: "Top Comments is selected, so some comments may have been filtered out"?
What are the creepiest things Facebook has ever done?
What is a fan page in Facebook?
What do Nigerian men think about Immanuel Ifediata's recent controversial Facebook posts about underaged girls?
What do you think of Facebook's new "mind-reading" technology for typing?
What can we expect from Facebook TV this summer?
What will be Facebook's next step after a report of an account hack is made? How long does it take? What is Facebook’s customer care number (India), if one exits?
How can I delete shared content in Messenger?
If a reporter is a type of journalist, and news is defined as noteworthy, am I a journalist if I post on Facebook something relevant to my friends?
Why do I still get notifications from Facebook when I have deactivated my account?
What is the best practice for really short term advertising on Facebook?
How do Facebook collection ads work?
Are there any good sites that I can market my credit restoration business other then Facebook and Instagram?
Could any Facebook password be difficult to hack?
How can I make people comment on my blog mainakiwiri.WordPress.com using their Facebook accounts?
How do I unfollow all of my friends on Facebook and just follow pages?
What is the salary for interns at Facebook in 2017?
How can I find my friend’s mobile number on Facebook without asking him?
Why do leftists block people who were against them on social media? Is it considered bullying?
Why has Google+ failed to triumph over Facebook?
How do you know if your friend on Facebook Messenger is on a call on Messenger?
How can I set up a FB page for a nightclub promoter?
How do I implement news feed for social network?
In what way can a Facebook Messenger bot help a college?
How many registered users does Facebook have in 2017?
How can I see the full messenger conversation?
How can I get close to someone on Facebook?
Should I put my ''concepts'' of a UI/UX redesign for sites like Spotify, Facebook etc. in my portfolio?
If you accidentally like someone's post then deactivate your Facebook account, do they get a notification?
How can I advertised to married mums who are NOT in employment on Facebook?
Why is the monopolization of the Internet by Google, Facebook, and Amazon destructive?
How do I keep videos playing in the background, on Facebook, which I've started?
Does Facebook use lossy data compression techniques?
Are there any products that would work similarly to a private Facebook group for running an app pilot for teams of 50+ users? For feedback, support, etc.
What happened to the Norinder Mudi page on Facebook?
If a friend marks your message unread, will I still see the "seen" after?
How do you deal with frenemies on Facebook?
How do I find out who is behind a Facebook page if they have not identified an admin and they do not reply to a message request?
Is there not a Facebook Page Template that features Events and Groups?
Is it possible to view Facebook 360 videos anonymously, or without the poster of the video seeing who has viewed it?
How do we integrate Facebook with CI?
If I bought one share of Facebook and the company increased in value by 10% two years later, how much would my single share be worth?
Is Facebook eroding journalism?
How can I know that someone is on Facebook before I call them?
How do you stay connected to real life and not get lost in living for the next social media post?
How is Facebook reading my iMessages?
What developing app (e.g. Java, Python, Swift) was used to make Facebook?
Why are Pakistanis not as active on Quora as they are on Facebook?
Should you keep your enemies on Facebook?
Can I earn with Facebook videos?
Where can I find someone who can help me spy on my spouse’s Facebook and text messages without his knowledge?
Will Google and Facebook create an alternative to the concept of nations through connecting, augmenting and virtualizing the world in their AI ecosystems?
What do programmers at big tech companies like Google, Facebook, etc., eat and drink to support their productivity (snacks, drinks, etc.)? What besides coffee do they consume?
Is it legal to use adapted images from Pinterest on one's Facebook page or other social media pages?
Who gets unfriended and blocked online and what do they block you and unfriend you for?
Is having a Facebook account cut off worth sharing your ID?
How should I befriend this girl I barely know through Facebook?
Which picture tagging algorithms is used by Facebook and Instagram?
How can I hide my Quora account from my Facebook friends?
What's stopping Facebook from building their own search engine and/or browser?
How many hours per day does a social media manager need to activate and surveil Facebook and Twitter campaigns?
How can I implement the Facebook login iOS when the steps are very vague?
How do I delete stuff from my profile?
Can a message on Facebook be traced back to me if I used a fake profile?
Someone hacked my Facebook account and changed my profile picture. What can I do to fix this?
How can I change my Facebook account to be my work account?
Is there any way to lock an application (say, WhatsApp or Facebook) on the iPhone 6?
How is Quora reading my Facebook profile even though I made it private?
How do I check someone’s post on Facebook if they have a blog?
Has anyone on Quora recently deleted their Facebook account, and did doing so improve his/her quality of life?
What are the steps of building a Facebook messenger bot which will store data in a self-hosted database?
How many people or companies are working on trying to unseat Facebook as the dominant social media platform?
How do I get to know the best time of launching a blog while running a Facebook page?
Why does Facebook ad experts do not share some of their success secrets/tricks?
Why is Facebook business page taking more than 1 week to approve the products?
How can we earn money through Facebook in India?
What type of programming language should I learn if I want to make a social media platform like Facebook?
Can I still use Messenger after deleting my Facebook account?
How did I verify my Facebook page with a mobile phone?
How do I retreive my password for Facebook without using the old verification?
Will companies like Facebook, Uber, Thankeyou and Airbnb survive in the market for the next 30 years?
When will moderated sites like Facebook, Quora, etc., acknowledge that posts in denial of anthropogenic global warming are essentially fake news?
Is Facebook's intention to implement Delegated Account Recovery instead of passwords adding more security to your account or compromising it?
How do I use Baybayin in Facebook?
Is there an app that can help you see someone's Facebook profile if you’re blocked?
How can you make an invitation on Facebook?
How do I increase the likes on my Facebook instantly?
Is it a crime to hack a Facebook account?
How much do Facebook page admins earn?
Did Mark Zuckerberg plant the story about Snapchat CEO saying India is a poor country?
Does Facebook delete messages if these are deleted on both sides?
My crush's birthday is tomorrow . He has kept it hidden on Facebook. Should I wish him?
Can I have Facebook to send me my password to another email?
To what extent can a Facebook account can be kept deactivated so that afterwards it can be recovered before Facebook permanently deletes it?
Why do people only send happy and travelling photos on WhatsApp and Facebook? Why don’t they also send some when they are going through some bad phase?
Can a tech company sell user's data to other's without adversing?
In which quote or pic do you want to tag your computer engineer friend on Facebook?
How do big companies like Google or Facebook perform deployments globally?
Can I legally publish 3rd party articles to Facebook Instant Articles if I credit the author?
How do I show my workplace on my Facebook profile?
Why does Facebook disabling main accounts instead of fake accounts?
How can I invite people who shared my post to like my Facebook business page?
Why have people started deleting their Facebook accounts?
How can I join big companies such as Google and Facebook?
Facebook is a slow poison. Do you agree?
Why does Facebook have such a horrible and poor programming design?
How can I search for people on Facebook by school?
Why does Facebook not show Arnab's new channel Rebuplic as a trending topic?
Does Facebook hate Google?
Should I be back on Facebook?
Why are these companies paying such huge amounts to their interns?
What are some good Christmas Facebook statuses?
Which software does the Facebook page "poisoned thoughts" use for creating posts? What is some great software for creating similar posts?
When does Messenger show when someone is online? Can Messenger show who is online without opening Facebook?
Is there any popular English social media app like Facebook or Twitter which has not yet been banned by the Chinese government?
Why do Facebook notifications still make sounds even after I turn off "Play a sound when each new notification is received"?
If someone's Facebook posts are not shareable and they wish to change this, what do they do?
How​ can I find a fake Facebook account​?
Is it possible to partner with a Facebook page with lakhs of likes for the promotion of my website in return for 20% of my AdSense income?
How do I write posts with attractive English on Facebook?
How do I unfollow everyone on FB?
Shouldn't Quora have its own messenger like Facebook as it's irritating to go to the message option everytime to read & reply to each & every message?
How do I get access to my Facebook account? I remember only my user name.
Which is the most important company among Facebook, Google, and Apple?
How eseential is Facebook for professional networking? (I plan to do my MBA this year, haven't really felt the need of getting on Facebook till now)
How many of your friends shared today on Facebook stories?
How can I change my Facebook name to one word?
Why do people "friend" others on Facebook, but never interact with them? Is it considered rude to remove them after months of no interaction?
Do celebrities have two Facebook accounts?
What are some little known Facebook stalking techniques?
How can I contact Facebook via e-mail?
Where on Facebook Messenger can I find the date I blocked someone?
What are some other chat sites like Facebook?
What is the best social media marketing tools to schedule posts for Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Pinterest and Instagram?
What is the software from which Facebook is programmed?
How do the telecom operators block WhatsApp and Facebook in Kashmir? Is it possible to bypass them via a VPN?
Which algorithm or library did Facebook use to make their voice calling clear?
Why can’t I like any page on Facebook?
What are some of the cutest Facebook proposals?
How do I set up a Facebook marketing campaign targeting the parents of teens?
Can you save pictures from Facebook to your phone?
Do fake profiles on Facebook hurt it's ad revenue growth?
How do I recover my password for Facebook with no email, phone or password?
Is there any way we can convince the guys who own Facebook that their Messenger is trash?
How can one make his FB page popular without promotion?
How can I find friends by DOB on Facebook?
How I can make friends from Australia aside from Facebook?
What is the approximate number of daily "likes" and "reactions" exchanged on Facebook?
What was your reason for deactivating Facebook forever?
Who recently deleted me from Facebook?
Why won't my brother friend me on Facebook?
How do I message verified people on Facebook and Twitter?
How can I save my uninstalled Facebook and WhatsApp data from others?
Is it possible to request all Facebook events in a certain area to use on a different website?
What is the best way to increase your Facebook followers without paid advertising (not including usual stuff like hashtags or groups, etc.)?
How do I know if my Facebook friends are not following me?
Is there a way to get my Quora "reading digest" on Facebook or in Google Now where I'll see it rather than as an email?
Why wouldn't ISPs block Facebook without net neutrality?
Why can’t I save photos from Facebook to my gallery? My phone is like Lenovo A1000.
How can I improve my Facebook page https://www.facebook.com/emailingbirds/?
Do you think running ads on Facebook to drive leads to my virtual hosting affiliate site is likely to work?
Can someone work at Facebook only with freelance experience?
Is Facebook planning a system that can read your mind?
Why does Instagram know my Facebook friends even though the two accounts were never connected?
How can I report a bug to Facebook or Google or any website or app?
What is the process large product organizations go through to prioritize initiatives?
How do I store data in Android when the user is registered with Google/Facebook?
How can I transfer an app through Facebook?
How can I know my forgotten Facebook password without my email and my confirmation code number?
If a Facebook account is deactivated, will it still add friends to your account?
Should Facebook disable their live feed video given that it's been used lately to show live murders?
I blocked someone on Facebook after I sent them a message. Will I still know if they read the message I sent?
As a realtor's new assistant, I need to manage marketing online using MailChimp and Facebook. What can I post about?
Which is the best Facebook ad type to acquire new customers for my eCommerce site, reach or brand awareness?
Did Mark Zuckerberg create the Facebook website alone? How?
How do I invite (add) people to my business page/group on Facebook if I am not connected with them on Facebook?
What is the legality of selling goods online through Instagram or Facebook pages in Nepal? I know it’s illegal, but is there any way to check with my government?
Why there are no companies like Apple, Google, Microsoft, Facebook, etc., in India?
Why do some interesting Facebook groups I follow (and that post often) rarely show anywhere near the top of my feed?
Can I pay to send a message and make sure it gets delivered?
What is Quora really? I typed a question into Google only to find I had an account here; I am not kidding, my old Facebook profile picture and name were up.
Is it degrading to see a video of black people fighting on Facebook and dancing?
I cannot see Facebook verifications when I am logged out. How do I fix this?
My rapist has sent me a friend request like nothing happened for the 2nd time. What should I do?
How do I set GIF/slideshow as profile pic on Facebook?
How can I talk to Facebook for help?
I told my fiancée we shouldn't be friends on FB. Not for immoral reasons. Is this right thing to request if I need a little space?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a relation to Nate Zuckerberg, a deceased friend of mine, who was the developer of "Zuckerberg's Terminal" in Saddle Brook, NJ?
Could I say that " I'm the upcoming Mark Zuckerberg " to Mark Zuckerberg?
How do I add clickable Instagram links in my Facebook bio?
What are the disadvantages of using Twitter Digits or Facebook Account Kit?
Do Oculus new hires also attend the Facebook bootcamp?
How do I stop overusing Facebook and Instagram? I keep on scrolling through them, even though I need to stop.
Facebook: How do I get auto-likes on a Facebook profile picture?
How do I find the location of a Facebook profile?
Why can I not accept more than 5000 friends on Facebook?
How can I share a post with my friends on Facebook?
Why doesn't Facebook provide the ad recall rate for campaigns with a reach objective?
How do you delete shared photos on Facebook Messenger?
Is there any FB liker which works?
Why do many people on Facebook request likes for their posts?
How can I bring back my brother’s memorialised Facebook page?
Why have you decided to make your birthday public or private on Facebook?
Say I run a fidget spinner dropship site. While advertising on Facebook, what should be my target audience?
Are there any Malayalees working at Facebook?
When and what was the reason behind you permanently deleting your Facebook account?
What are some other websites like Facebook?
Is there any remote possibility that if you're chatting from your laptop/PC on Facebook that it will show 'sent from mobile'?
What is the difference between instant replies to anyone and the “Show a Messenger Greeting” on Facebook?
Is tourism in China marketed through Facebook?
Is it true that government can monitor our chats like WhatsApp and Facebook or SMS?
How likely is Facebook going bankruptcy?
How do I survive without using Facebook, Instagram, and/or WhatsApp?
What are the products of Facebook? Why do they keep recruiting when their product is saturated?
How would the Facebook look like and function, if it was found by a Pakistani?
On what basis do Facebook comments appear at the top?
How can I read my husband's FB's secret conversation messages without his knowledge and without any password, and how do I open it in my mobile?
Can I target specific names for Facebook ads?
How dou you deal with passive aggressive Facebook posts?
How should I settle my Facebook account?
How famous do I need to be to get my Facebook profile verified?
Is it OK to ask your interviewer at Facebook for feedback?
What are some examples of IT Project Management’s best practices in large companies like Amazon, Facebook, etc.?
Does employee engagement with a company’s Facebook page damage its ability to reach potential customers?
What’s a nice and appropriate comment for a girl's photo on Facebook?
How do I unarchive a conversation if the person has already deactivated his/her account?
How effective are Reddit ads compared to ads on Facebook and Google?
When's the best time to upload a Facebook profile picture for maximum likes?
How can I find out when and where a Facebook account was created?
Can I replace a Facebook video without losing the likes?
Can I find out if anyone had unfollowed me on Facebook?
How long does WhatsApp keep deleted photographs on their servers, or does WhatsApp keep deleted media?
How do I find out who my non-friends Facebook followers are?
Is it normal for a couple to constantly flirt with each other and praise each other on Facebook walls when they could do it via a private text?
What are the road blocks when advertising on Facebook? Can you explain fully?
Are there enough potential users with VR gear for Facebook Spaces or is the project launch premature?
How much money would Google/Facebook/Microsoft give if you hacked them?
What are some Facebook or Google Plus groups and communities where I can promote my spa, which also gives massages?
What is the algorithm behind Facebook friend suggestions?
Are you that one person who sends game requests on Facebook to everyone? Why?
How do you get the purple flower button on Facebook?
How do I become friends with someone I'm Facebook friends with?
When did you realise that Quora is better than Facebook?
Why is Messenger sending invites from me to unknown people?
Do Facebook or Instagram use Firebase?
What are some of the creative ways companies curb Facebook addiction of their employees at work?
Should I create a separate account for my company on likedin?
How can I see less news from people and more from pages on Facebook?
I have deleted a recent message on Facebook with a friend but the contact is still on the top of my message log. How can I rearrange?
How do I report an unapproved use of a credit card for an ad campaign by a hacked user on Facebook?
Could I scrape the profiles of my friends (in an Excel file) on Facebook? If so, how?
Instagram doesn't recognize that my Facebook business page exists. How do I fix this?
How is access suspended to a site in a particular country? For example, how did Turkey block Wikipedia, or how did Egypt block Facebook?
How do I know who has shared a post I posted on my Facebook page?
Facebook unpublished my page but allows other pages similar to mine to remain published. How do I resolve this with Facebook and who do I contact?
Can I know someone's Facebook fanpage name through his/her Instagram business account?
Is there an e-commerce platform that is a Facebook app?
Did Tab Ruffin block me on Facebook?
How can I go on my messanger without opening my Facebook account?
How do I impress a girl on Facebook through chat whom I don’t know?
In year 2025, will there be Facebook?
Is life at Quora more beautiful and colorful than at Facebook?
How do I get my old Facebook account I deleted back?
Are sites like Facebook actually limiting the whole idea of the web and the internet by monopolizing it?
What if Facebook and Google never existed?
What's the most interesting social media post you've ever seen?
How do I unblock a message from a friend on Facebook after deleting the conversations?
Why did my guy friend block me on Facebook?
Is it a good idea to get Shutterstock photos for free from Facebook then resell them?
Why did you change your profile picture?
What is the technology used to create closed groups on websites like Google, Facebook, and Quora?
Do celebrities have personal Facebook accounts?
How many customers does Facebook have?
Is there any simple method to go live on Facebook via recorded video?
Are there any browser add ons to alter Facebook functionality?
How do I shut a hacker, who manages to get back in even with repeated password changes and increased security, out of my Facebook account?
How do I appeal Facebook blocking outgoing links to my website?
If you blocked a former friend on Facebook and they wanted to know why, what would you say?
How does Chatous hack Facebook invites?
What should I do if my girlfriend updates her Facebook often than me?
How do you prevent messages on Facebook altogether? I don't have Messenger. My chat is turned off, but it still comes into the inbox. I don't want them.
Where can I read more about mark Zuckerberg using a sword to motivate employees at Facebook?
If I comment on my comment on Facebook, will other people who've commented on my comment receive a notification?
How is it that I log into Quora with my Facebook credentials, then the next day my profile has been suddenly altered?
How can I block Facebook’s ads review system?
How do I know if someone viewed my profile on Facebook?
How do I can delete a like from my post?
How did Instagram become so popular though Facebook existed?
Why did Zuckerberg start Facebook?
How do I know exactly the amount of time I am spending on Facebook every day?
What are some media marketing prices for various social media sites like Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Pinterest, etc.?
What are some smart ways of purging one's Facebook friends list without coming across as a jackass?
What demographics use social media?
Do questions on Quora such as "what are you wearing right now?” likely indicate the 'Facebook crowd' is infesting Quora?
What should I do when someone is killing my group on Facebook using an admin account?
How do you feel when people don't reply even after seeing your messages on WhatsApp or Facebook?
Which is the best social media site: Facebook or Google+?
How can I get on my old Facebook account without my Facebook password and without my Gmail password?
I'm using Incognito mode for Google searching but Facebook still shows ads relevant to my searches. How is that possible?
Why do people confuse Facebook with the internet? Why do they think Facebook is the internet?
Is Facebook using lambda architecture?
What is the best payment method for Facebook ads from Nepal?
What should I do if I want to work at Google or Facebook at any cost?
What are the things you wished a chat messenger should have?
How can I reset my Facebook password without email?
Why is there no mobile version of the Facebook Friends feed?
How do I make the best use of Facebook paid campaigns so as to get good campaign results?
How much does a social media agencies charge?
I created a new Facebook account, and somehow I can't log into my old one anymore. How can I get it back?
What's the FB URL for on the page saying "SECURITY WARNING: Please treat the URL above as you would your password and do not share it with anyone"?
How can I get deleted WhatsApp and Facebook messages through someone's phone?
How can I see the full list of my read books on Facebook?
Why in some Android (M) devices, while video calling on Messenger, isn’t the option of face filters applied through the (* type icon)?
Is there a way to get the Audience Insights from the Facebook pages of my competitors?
Why is Quora quickly becoming like Facebook? Are we Indians responsible for its deterioration in quality?
Does Facebook really pay people to hack into their systems and help them find loopholes?
Facebook unpublished my page because of a false copyright report. Facebook accepted the report was false but will not re-publish my page. What now?
Can I go live on Facebook and Twitter with only my computer, as I have no other devices?
How is Facebook able to not let the technology scanner softwares to detect the technologies it is using?
How can I get my Facebook account back after being banned? I didn't do anything to violate their rules.
Can we get money if we find mistakes in Facebook?
How can I get flower react in Facebook?
How often are the Facebook Pixel events (stats) updated in the Facebook Ads Manager?
How do I search public posts on a specific date on Facebook?
Why is there no sound when I shoot a video for my Facebook story?
What is the billing threshold on Facebook, and why do they charge extra?
How can I verify my Facebook account without Gmail or phone number?
How do I find someone with a fake Facebook account and email?
How can I know anyone’s Facebook password?
Why would Facebook stop showing me my crush's profile, though I never sent her a friend request/message, I just want to browse through her pictures?
Does anybody use the autoliker for FB and feel content with it? Why or why not?
How I can check what is trending on Facebook?
When the green icon is green, does it mean you’re active on Messenger or active on FB?
Why does “map my peeps” show up in Facebook notifications?
When making a new account after my Facebook account was disabled I am logged out and asked for a selfie. Has anyone else experienced this?
Is it possible to make your cellular data look like it's coming from somewhere like Facebook, or receive your data through Facebook?
Why won't Facebook add my images when I share my post?
Has anyone hacked the Facebook website and wrote his own content?
What can I do to counter all the fake Facebook accounts and bots spreading fake news?
How can I make a birthday card on Facebook?
Why won't Facebook load?
How I can re-add a contact on Facebook Messenger after removing them?
How do we physically unsubscribe to all of Facebook, like forever?
Why do people still use Facebook? Why don't they try Masspal?
Why can't I connect my Facebook account to Twitter?
Would it be better for a website that promotes local events to have one Facebook page for each city or a single page for the entire business?
Is it possible to see time stamp on Messenger of someone I unfriended?
Am I able to merge two of my Facebook pages even if my account is temporarily blocked?
Can someone hack my Android phone if they know my Facebook ID?
Can someone know if I save any of their Facebook photos on my phone?
How do you remove the block list on Facebook? I don't want to unblock the users, I just don't want to see them on the list and on Facebook.
Why do people commit suicide live on Facebook?
How do I know a message went to someone I'm not friends with on Facebook?
Is it fine that I'm not checking my boyfriend's Facebook and WhatsApp?
What is the meaning of :D :V in Facebook?
Will Snapchat sustain with competition from Facebook?
How do I unsubscribe from Quora via Facebook?
How can I hack my boyfriend messenger?
Would Facebook allow a PM to work from home 1-2 days a week?
How can I remove a green dot from Facebook?
Has anyone analysed the political leanings of Facebook users?
Why am I getting phished out of my Facebook account?
How do I delete messages from Facebook forever?
How can I add a comment to a Facebook spam report?
What is the site that allows you to know everything you share on Facebook and generates links from our profile URL?
What are other pastimes, apart from Facebook and obviously Quora, which is on the top of my list?
How do I stop believing that posting to social media is attention seeking?
How do I get rid of boost post messages on Facebook pages?
How can I see the timeline of the person who blocked me on Facebook?
What would World War II have been like if we had Facebook and Twitter?
How does Facebook’s people suggestions work?
How can I delete Facebook messages from someone on my friends' list? How can I report an account in order for it to be closed forever?
How can Facebook ruin good friendships?
How can I turn on the chat notification in Google Chrome while using Facebook?
How do I estimate the costs for different Facebook ads?
Does Netflix sell your viewing data to Facebook and Instagram?
Can you get the phone number of a friend just by using the Messenger info?
How does Facebook keep track of which people have seen a post in a group?
How do I know if someone is stalking me on but anyway other than appearing in the people you may know list caus I've deleted him accidentally?
There are so many ads on Facebook. How can I get them all to stop harassing my life?
What if my wife has made a fake Facebook account to stalk someone?
What is the ad budget for Facebook?
Are there any websites where you can find some nice Facebook contest materials and ideas?
How do I login into Instagram if there is some suspicious activity on your account, you forgot your recovery email password, and Facebook doesn't work?
Can I send Facebook a photo ID to recover my Facebook account?
How do I find potential customers (for x) based on their Facebook activity?
How do you see your friend's location on Messenger with the red dot?
All of my Facebook friends are unfriending me. Why is this happening?
How do I find friends on Facebook by interest?
Why did BSF dismiss Jawan? Why did the messenger get killed instead of the message?
How do I share a Laravel 5 blog post (custom title, image, URL, and summary) on Facebook?
If a fake Facebook account has been created, what should I do?
My ex's elder sister recently blocked me from Facebook whereas my ex is keeping all his posts public. Why?
Are people as good as they are on Facebook in real life too?
What is best way to earn money with Facebook?
Can we track a person's Facebook profile by copying their Facebook profile link?
Are engineers at big companies like Google or Facebook just superior to middle or small company engineers?
How can I use Facebook to make my app popular?
Facebook disabled my account. Will other users be able to see it during the verification period?
Is it important to be on Facebook?
“I see the world in terms of what I would like to see happen, not what actually does.” page number in book?
How do I find a cell number on Messenger?
How can I upload pics from Google Photos to Facebook and Instagram?
Will there any social networking website bigger than Facebook?
How can I delete a profile from Aisle?
What do you think of Facebook's improved Marketplace?
Should there be legal restrictions when trying to copy others’ app features, like Facebook copied Snapchat?
Why have my Facebook page's net likes dropped so suddenly after I stopped using ads?
Can you see someone's activity log on Facebook?
How can I get my chat back after I deleted it from my Facebook messenger?
Why do some people purposely not use social media websites and applications like Facebook?
If I write something of my own on Facebook (which I intend to use one day in a book), is anybody else who reads it allowed to use it?
Is there any way by which I can know the person who searched me on Facebook?
If someone shares a post of mine on Facebook, should I give a like to that share?
Why do suggested friends in Facebook appear even though you and that suggested person don’t have any mutual friends?
How can I convert posts from my Facebook page to a PDF file which would contain my posted content?
Which is the more profitable website: YouTube or Facebook?
How can I like many people on Facebook automatically?
How do I get access to my Facebook account? I forgot my email and password. I have only my username.
How can I promote my brand most effectively on Facebook without paid methods?
How do I hack a Facebook account which was created with a mobile number?
Why does Facebook change my white image border to off-white/yellow?
How do I see if I'm on a person’s WhatsApp on Facebook?
How can I start advertising on Facebook?
When did Google, Microsoft, and Facebook get serious about machine learning?
Is there anyone selling Facebook verified pages?
How can a 2nd-year college dropout get a good job at YouTube, Facebook or Google, with only Ruby as a primary language?
Which ads convert more, Facebook or Google?
How do I see who has searched me on Facebook?
If you could redesign the Facebook logo, how would it look like?
If Facebook is a building, is it one of the most complicated buildings in the world?
What does it mean when Messenger suggested a non-friend for me to make a voice call with?
Why do some messages on Facebook show the seen notification after a day when the seen time was yesterday when I sent it?
Is there anyone here who knows someone who works at Facebook?
Why can people that I am not friends with on FB see what I say to my real FB friends?
What can be a solution to the fake accounts on Facebook?
On Facebook, can hidden friends still show up as "people you know?"
How do you input a devil smiley on Facebook?
If Pokémon trainers had social media (for simplicity, let's say Twitter or Facebook), what would they post?
How do I target baby products on Facebook ads?
How do websites like MensXP open so fast when clicked from their Facebook page?
How do Americans check their Facebook when they are in China?
Why is my Facebook account temporarily blocked?
What is the best text message you have ever sent/received?
What is the minimum sign on bonus for an average engineer joining Facebook?
On Facebook, how similar do page names have to be to merge pages?
Do Facebook and WhatsApp use AWS for their data backup?
Why is it best to use old pictures for our profile image?
How do Facebook Ads make money from my Facebook page?
Does Facebook have a contingency plan if its “Thumbs up” icon offends users in Bangladesh, Iran, and/or Thaïland and creates a backlash?
How do I control who can see comments made on my Facebook posts?
How do I delete a person off of Messenger?
Is it better to work as an analyst at Facebook or Amazon? What's the strongest brand in the CV?
How do I see other people’s messages on Facebook Messenger?
What can I announce on Facebook to let my friends and family know that I’m a real estate agent and would like them to hire me?
Is it possible to get someone else's messages from Facebook Messenger?
How do I add my Instagram to my FB profile?
Why do some people say on Facebook “please repost but don't share?” Why do they do that? Does reposting a newsfeed cause a virus on Facebook?
How do I get a job at Facebook as a client solution manager in NYC?
How do I optimize my ad’s viewability?
How come I don't see any bad comment about Gurmeet Ram Rahim on any of his YouTube videos, Twitter or any other social networking site?
Why do big, well-known companies like Google and Facebook still need to do marketing?
How can I get the purple flower reaction on Facebook, if I’m from the Middle East?
How can I create a credential to go next to my profile name on my profile page?
I created a group which have more than 130,000 members now on the social network (like FB), how can I monetize or earn using this group?
I have created my own social networking app and how do I monetize it with sponsored ads like Facebook has other than using Google's AdSense?
Is hiding a friend in particular possible on Facebook? If it is possible, then let me know. How do I enable such a feature on Facebook?
How can I overcome my feelings of guilt? I unknowingly Messaged to my friend's girlfriend on Facebook.
What caused the failure of Orkut and the success of Facebook?
How many of the original "Microsoft Five" are still at Facebook?
What’s the best Facebook video you've seen lately?
How come Facebook is syncing my contacts?
How can I get 1,000 Facebook likes for my page?
What does it that mean if a guy does not block you on WhatsApp and Facebook, but he does not respond to your message?
How do I find out who has made my fake Facebook account?
How do I add a free Facebook login on my Vizio TV?
Is it good to ask for your girlfriend’s Facebook account?
Facebook takes a lot of space. How is it possible to remove your Facebook content off a device?
What is the difference between optimizing for a 1-day click and a 7-day click in Facebook?
Why can't I access Facebook for Messenger apps while in Messenger since the newest update?
What is the purpose of degrees (from school, college, university and society) and education?
How can you make money from adverts on your Facebook?
Is Facebook 'like' a vanity metric?
Why won't my Messenger app work on Facebook?
Which company possesses better developers, Facebook or Google?
Why did my Facebook Dynamic Ads Campaign stop being delivered?
Should I bother posting pictures on my Instagram, Facebook, and other social media?
How much more likely are Facebook comments to receive Likes when they already have a Like, versus when they have none?
What is the best Chrome extension to see the Facebook notification in the TAB?
What interests should I target on my Facebook ads if I am selling dog beds?
Why did Facebook need permission from the EU Antitrust Commission before acquiring WhatsApp (since both companies HQs are in the US)?
How do you unlike something that you accidentally liked on Facebook?
When someone mutes a conversation what does the other person see on Messenger?
If I change my relationship status on Facebook from into a relationship to single, will it notify the other person?
Why won't Facebook let me upload a profile video?
Why can I still see posts on Facebook of someone I have blocked?
Is it possible to retrieve an IP address from which a Facebook account was being operated if that account was deleted 2-3 months ago?
Facebook shows "Your account is not eligible for this process". How do I get this problem solved?
Do you trust a business that has a Facebook page as its website?
Why is my Facebook message stuck on sent?
What does Facebook do for improving performance and tuning?
How is the war between Snapchat and Facebook going to end?
I'm planning to quit Facebook, what are the good and bad consequences that will follow?
What app or tool can I use to get likes on my Facebook page or followers in my Instagram?
Why is my messenger not working?
Why is Quora showing high interest rate to integrate with Facebook features nowadays?
What is an administrative assistant interview like at Facebook?
Why can’t other websites like Facebook be made?
How can I place ads on TrueCaller through Facebook?
Why are most comments on Trump’s Facebook posts positive while most replies to his tweets are negative?
How can one generate leads for art products through Instagram and Facebook?
How does Mark Zuckerberg earn from Facebook everyday?
Where can I find open source code for common features in web apps, such as Facebook likes, adding friends, etc.?
How do I get off of someone’s Facebook page?
How come I cannot friend request someone on Facebook?
If you wanna host a node js website like Facebook, what hosting company will you choose?
How do Google, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Quora earn money? Who pays them?
How can I make money from Amazon by promoting its product on a Facebook page without a website?
What are the best Facebook groups by subject?
Any tool to know your competitor’s spending behaviour on Facebook ads?
How can I stop people from being able to post photos in the comments of my photos or posts on my Facebook profile page?
How can I create the next big company like Facebook, Google, Apple, with a social purpose without having adequate technical skills?
Is Facebook the most valuable company in the world?
Which is the best Facebook ad type to acquire new customers for my eCommerce site, reach or brand awareness? Which one is the cheapest method?
Where can I find report as spam messages in Facebook?
If I want someone to see 'Facebook User' in place of my name in their message history, what should I do?
Does Facebook have VIP accounts?
In Facebook ads, when you run a re-targeting campaign and a normal campaign, and a user sees both, how do you know to which your attribution goes?
Can I make money from a Facebook page that posts photos for a celebrity?
Is FaceBook a web application​ or not?
Why can't I post anything on Facebook?
What should be my targeted audience (for FB Ads) for a Bollywood News website?
On Facebook, how do I stop seeing posts that say 'My friend A was tagged in a photo' on my timeline?
How is the "People You May Know" feature useful for companies like Facebook and LinkedIn? How does it bring additional revenue to those companies?
Is there a way to increase Facebook page likes or Twitter followers?
Is there any Facebook page liker that doesn't use an access token?
What is the reason behind the face filter app on Facebook? Why integrate a feature that already exists on Snapchat?
How can I send a messenger invite if I'm blocked from FB?
How should I regain lost years of friendship on Facebook (for friendversary) after blocking and then unblocking someone from my friends list?
Why is Facebook so strict? Even if you didn’t post nude pictures, you get blocked. So unfair!
Why is WhatsApp down right now (May 4, IST)?
How do I stop Facebook videos from sticking to the left side when I scroll down?
How can I recover my Facebook account?
Which is safer for my site, Facebook login API or my own code for login/signup?
What is the best paying URL shortener service that accepts Facebook postings?
What is the temporary profile picture of Facebook?
Can I integrate Facebook to run adverts on my social network website? If yes, how?
What are the best auto-likers for Facebook?
In Facebook advertising, how do you report numbers to clients?
Why can't I message someone on my Facebook friends list?
How do I know whether someone read my Facebook message if he/she has no Facebook Messenger app?
Does Facebook/Instagram use image recognition to enrich Audience Insights and target settings on Facebook Ads Manager?
What does the medical community think about the “The truth about cancer" videos that surface twice yearly on Facebook?
Are customers more likely to purchase a product after seeing it on Facebook or Instagram?
How do I remove all the picture from my Facebook profile?
Why does my office boss never like my Facebook pictures?
Why is Facebook's moderation so inconsistent?
How much does Facebook earn from its users' data?
Is WhatsApp more secure than Facebook?
Do you know a VPN that is fast enough to do a video call on Facebook?
Is Facebook's GraphQL API generated automatically?
Why can't I share my answers to my WordPress blog the same way I share them on Facebook and Twitter?
What are some ways to find people on Facebook?
How can I develop a scene for Facebook Spaces?
How long will it take to get hired by the Big 4 (Facebook, Google, Amazon, and Microsoft) from scratch?
How do I get Graph API Facebook post insights from last month?
What is a Facebook pixel?
Why was WhatsApp valuable enough for Facebook to buy it?
What are some great Facebook banner or cover photo templates?
What experiments are run at companies like Quora, Google, Facebook, etc. to implement new product features?
When Facebook says you added someone to your account from your contacts, does that mean from your phone contacts or your Facebook contacts?
How do I transfer my contacts from Lumia 520 to my Facebook account, or Microsoft account?
If someone deletes me off Facebook Messenger, how would I know?
What time is good to spam Facebook for my app?
How many people use Facebook Messenger without a Facebook account?
Which app is used to make pamphlets or photos to post on Facebook or social media?
How can I send a request to a person if Facebook keep on showing 'send request to person you know only'?
How do I hack Facebook on my phone?
Does Facebook automatically friend someone to your account?
Where can we get more info about the PCIe RetimerCard mentioned in the OCP Facebook page?
How do I get my mom's Facebook account unfrozen?
Does Facebook Password Sniper work?
What happens if I change the text of a private event on Facebook? Does everyone invited see the change?
Is Facebook losing its popularity due to Instagram?
What would happen to the iPhone if Facebook removed all its apps from the App Store?
Is the Facebook page Word Porn down?
Is there a way to add an existing Group to a Facebook Page in the new experience they are rolling out that enables a Page to create a Group?
How can I promote my page on Facebook without being charged?
How do I disable likes and comments on Facebook cover photo?
Which app can be included as social media, except Facebook, WhatsApp, Twitter, Instagram, Hike, Snapchat, Google+, and WeChat?
How do I retrieve my Facebook friend list?
What is your most efficient Facebook ad?
Did Facebook abuse the word "friends"?
Why the hell I have to enter Facebook every time to reach or make a question? Isn't once just enough?
On my friend’s friend list, the number of friend’s is 90, but I can only see my profile. Restricted mode would not give a number. Why?
How can I auto comment on Facebook posts?
In Swift, how can I match two users randomly who have logged onto my app through Facebook?
How can I best use Facebook ads to market my art?
Is 2017 the actual present or just my timeline?
How can one increase their number of Facebook likes?
Which of has more potential to grow faster, Snapchat or Facebook?
Why am I getting irritated by Facebook?
Can your last active time appear, even when you are blocked on Facebook Messenger?
Why did Mark Zuckerberg choose PHP to make Facebook?
What if I time travel and come back to earth after 50 years, will I able to see my Facebook updates?
How do you avoid the feeling of uselessness when spending too much time on Facebook?
Can I post on Facebook and let just friends who speak a specific language see my post?
Can I get money from a Facebook page?
When we search for someone on FB, what does “user” mean when it comes with the searched name?
What is someone doing when Messenger shows “active now”?
Can friends of friends add you as a friend without agreeing to it?
Is it good to provide prices when selling items on Facebook or not?
How can Facebook Live improve to prevent shocking live streams?
How do I increase the number of visitors and followers of my new Facebook pages, in order to achieve success?
How do reactivate my account with 1freehosting?
Can we find out how long a particular person has been a part of a Facebook group even if he or she is not on your friends list?
You may have heard about the ban on social media in Kashmir Valley. Is there any way of using any social media sites?
Why does Facebook and other websites remember old passwords?
Can nickname-based, open chat rooms have the same virality as real-world relationships based social networks like Facebook?
I have an author page at Amit Ahlawat. I keep my audience updated on it, however the page shows very low levels of audience engagement. How can I improve?
How can I see who shared my profile picture on Facebook?
How do we grow our first 10K subscribers in YouTube, Facebook page, and Twitter effectively?
How can you find a Facebook friend by using his or her ID number?
Why doesn't Twitter implement "Live Video" feature like Facebook?
Can you trust the website emailsupport-Australia.com to provide assistance with Facebook etc.?
Is there a way I can rank people I am not friends with on Facebook by how many of my "good friends" they are friends with by using API?
If I do not log out from FB then will I remain online always to other people?
How are the file and folder structures at Facebook and Google?
What are the top 100 Facebook pages?
The Facebook social login API was having issues earlier. Is the social login for Facebook and/or Google working now for e-commerce sites?
How can you make a wink symbol on Facebook?
Which service is a part of Google, Facebook, YouTube or Twitter?
What is next after Google, Facebook and Amazon?
Is it possible to increase fake likes for a Facebook post?
Do people get promoted easily at Facebook? On average, how long does it take to move from one career level to the next?
For Google and Facebook interviews, is it important to memorize the sorting algorithms?
Our website is the first Google result, but our official Facebook page comes on the 2nd or 3rd page. Is there any way to fix this?
How can you trace a Facebook hack?
How can I find out if my boyfriend is having secret conversations on Messenger, using his login information?
Why does my CPM fluctuate so much on Facebook Ads?
What kind of information can I get from a Facebook user’s friends?
Why is Quora making me use my personal Facebook account. Why can't I use my business page?
On FB Messenger, what does it mean if the person isn't available at the time of sending a message?
Is there a football Facebook page or Android app that informs you of completed transfers?
What are the most notable murders that have been streamed on Facebook Live?
Why doesn’t Mark Zuckerberg write on Quora?
What is the good post for Facebook?
How do I automatically add many friends on Facebook?
How large an audience should I use when running test ads on Facebook?
Does Facebook really give money to these people?
How can I find out my friend’s Facebook password without her knowing?
Is it possible to log in to Messenger Lite without a Facebook account?
Does my Instagram activity show up on Facebook?
Why doesn't Facebook Messenger send email notifications anymore?
If I re-upload a video on Facebook and tag the source, would that consider as a copyright issue?
If my free email ID is older than my Facebook page, will it impact my Facebook page’s visibility? “Older” meaning “before Facebook was founded.”
How can I get my Facebook contacts off my iPhone?
How can I copy my FB page link?
Will a green dot appear next to a friend’s name if they aren't active on Messenger?
Do narcissts see their friends as "friends" or as competitors?
If someone deletes their Facebook profile and Messenger, do they show up in Messenger?
How do I find out when a Facebook account was made?
Should I send a friend request to my former teacher on Facebook?
Is there anyone who can share the names of big bloggers who specialize in Facebook marketing and Facebook ads in the U.S.?
Why can't I post a profile picture and a cover picture on my business page? Even when I hover over the images, it doesn't give me an option to upload.
What type of brain technology is used by Facebook?
Is it possible to make people complete forms on Facebook?
What is the benchmark for Facebook and Instagram engagement for 2016?
How can I verify my Facebook profile with a blue badge?
Can someone who has access to my Facebook password and telephone number check my account?
Facebook page boost amount?
What's next after Facebook and twitter?
Are my Facebook friends able to see my Facebook pages?
What does a gray dot next to a friend’s name on Messenger mean?
What will happen if you like every single post on your Facebook feed every single day?
How many think that opening a Facebook account was a mistake?
If you could show just one page of your daily diary from your entire life to your love, which page would it be?
Why do you have to wait 48 hours to unblock someone on Facebook?
What voice technology is Facebook's 'Building 8' working on?
What kind of FB page shall I make?
How can I log into my Gmail account that’s associated with my Facebook account?
When you upload an email list on the "suggest page" option on a Facebook page, do the contacts get a notification to view the page?
Why do people on Facebook hate Twilight and Justin Bieber so much?
In which platform were apps like Facebook, Snapchat, and WhatsApp made? I want to make a million dollar app and my idea is also new. Can I do that?
How are you using Facebook?
What 3rd party services does Facebook use to filter content (spam, terrorism, etc.) from a news feed, and the same with Google and Twitter on their platforms?
I want to be able to autopublish on Twitter and Instagram when I post on Facebook. Is there a way?
How do you add someone on Facebook?
Are some girls who are tired of FB and Instagram, now using Quora just to share their pictures? They can skip those stupid questions but they don't. Why?
In which cases would you recommend Twitter ads VS Facebook ads?
What is the use of living?
How do I find out the email address associated with a Facebook account?
Why do companies like Facebook need and have so many workers?
What tools do you use to measure online interactions (on Facebook groups for instance)?
How do I set a manual daily budget in Facebook Ad Manager?
What would happen if Zuckerberg decided to shut Facebook down tomorrow?
Why do most people deactivate their Facebook accounts? Is it so because they had a breakup?
Why can’t I see the number of likes on a comment on Facebook?
How can I Download Video from Facebook to iPhone?
How can one make sure that his/her comments are only visible to the initiator of the post?
Does a delivered message on Messenger mean that it's been read if you click on it and you only see icons with faces?
How should I stop people from posting unflattering pictures of me on Facebook?
Doesn't Facebook violate our privacy by showing our likes & comments in our friend's newsfeed without us having control over it?
How can I send a message to all my Facebook friends automatically?
How do you use Adwords to promote a Facebook group?
If I want to establish a Facebook page for homemade food any ideas of what should I name it And names for natural beauty products also?
How do I login to my Facebook account if I have lost access to the phone number to which the two factor authentication code will be sent?
What would have happened if you would have founded Facebook and not Wikipedia?
Is there any app on Android to change the voice on a Facebook messenger call?
How can someone make from Facebook?
Can I send an application using Facebook Messenger?
Has anyone made a friendship on Facebook and eventually gotten laid sooner in Mumbai?
If a message in Messenger sits in sent, does a notification go to their email attached to Facebook?
How can I add my new Facebook account to InterviewBit?
How can Facebook be harmful while studying?
How can I apply an “I Love Mom” filter picture on Facebook?
How do I make YouTube views increase with Facebook?
Why can't I get back on Facebook?
Why is Facebook all of a sudden filled with video's is it losing its charm?
How much budget should I have to advertise my application on Facebook to users in the United States?
How can I make 5000 Facebook friends in an instant?
How do I see the activity on my Facebook page?
How can I stream a pre-recorded video via Android Facebook live?
Why is Facebook not showing me how long my friend has not been active?
Is there anyone who can help teach me English for free, just on WhatsApp or Facebook?
How do I earn via Facebook and Instagram pages?
I'm an admin on a Facebook page. How do I "like" a comment on my page posts as that page?
Is it safe to link Facebook with instaGC?
Can I add her on Facebook without asking?
How can I change my connection to Quora from a Facebook account to a Google account?
Can I know the profiles being offered of the people who got placed via UBS in 2017?
How do we get Facebook Ads insights with an hourly breakdown?
How do I view the older Facebook settings?
I know how to remove a trending topic on Facebook, but how do I get it back?
How can you tell if someone deleted Facebook app?
How did my competitor get so many local valid Facebook likes when they rarely post?
Do you think Google and Facebook have to take responsibility for Fake News?
Why does the Messenger icon show blue even when it says the person is unavailable for calling?
Is it possible to retrieve Facebook “secret conversations” encrypted messages from a person’s own mobile after deleting them?
How can someone get fast likes on Facebook?
Where I can get the FB and Google authentication code?
What are some of the epic FB posts?
Does Facebook have a special appeal to women?
What social activities are most likely to reduce your IQ?
How can I contact Facebook or YouTube for a business offer? Is it possible at all for a startup? Thanks ahead.
How can I collect posts from public Facebook pages related to a specific topic?
Is Quora better than Facebook for sharing knowledge?
Is it possible to hide "active k minutes ago" on Facebook Messenger?
Can I delete everything from my Facebook Messenger so that other people won't be able to see the messages or pics anymore?
Does Messenger tell you if your message request to a non-Facebook friend has been ignored? Answer with proper English, not fresh from Albania.
Social networks such as Facebook use profiles to store information about their users. How do I create a simple database to store these user's profiles?
Does Facebook use Node.js at all?
How do companies such as Google & Facebook hire for non-tech roles? Do they only work on referrals? Or is there something else which I am missing out?
How come when I search a name on FB under suggestions on a person’s page, the name won't show up, but it shows up under their list of friends?
What if India bans Facebook, LinkedIn, Google and Quora?
How can you play Bubble Safari on Facebook?
What do I learn for a job with Facebook?
Do girls who have boyfriends send friend requests to guys they barely know?
What audience interest should I use to get my plus-size boutique seen by plus-size women on Facebook?
What would happen if someone tag a person on a video I shared only with selected people on Facebook?
How can I search my friends on Facebook?
How do I get Facebook to take down my father's fake profile on Facebook? It was created by somebody else, and we are unable to get the password.
Why are my Facebook page posts not going to Twitter?
Why don't I get any likes on Facebook? Why does nobody like me?
My ex hasn't deleted our pics from her Facebook, however she gets mad if I remove them from mine. What does this mean?
What can I do about a fake Facebook account?
What is the best way to target the public that is interested in an e-commerce site through Facebook ads?
How do I verify celebrity Facebook accounts?
How do I curb my Facebook addiction?
Is Facebook going to make Facebook Marketplace a standalone app?
What are the new upcoming features of Facebook revealed by Mark Zuckerberg at F8 2017?
Would you like to delete your Facebook account before your death?
How do websites like Quora or Facebook handle so much user requests?
Is it possible to build a Facebook-, Instagram-, or Quora-like app using REST API?
Why can’t my PC log into Facebook?
If I bought one share of Facebook, would that share involve interest or are there different types of shares that can be invested in?
What do you do when you get bored and don’t want to wast your time on Facebook, Instagram, Quora, etc.?
What are some funny comparisons between Quora and Facebook?
Your partner deletes texts and hides specific things on their Facebook timeline. Would you consider this deceptive behavior?
How do I do link-building when I am doing business via Facebook?
How can I get a huge amount of website traffic from Facebook?
Can somebody read my Facebook messenger posts?
Should Facebook, Google and others be banned?
Why are my Facebook friends still friends with my abuser?
How many likes do I have to have on Facebook to make money?
What is the best way of figuring out the most commonly used words in a certain Facebook group or page?
How can I reach Jared Morgenstern?
Can I get million likes on my Facebook page?
How do I post old photos to Facebook and Instagram stories?
I messaged non-friends on Facebook and it's been sent but not delivered, how do I get them delivered?
Is it possible to fetch other users data from Tumblr using R?
Why is Facebook not attacking and cloning musical.ly like Snapchat in the US?
Is it possible to view all information from my phone on my personal computer, like text messages, WhatsApp, Facebook, etc.?
What do you think about yesterday’s Facebook VR implementations? What communication changes can we expect?
What does the ‘now’ mean under the person’s name in the Facebook messenger?
How do I get inorganic likes on Facebook?
Does Facebook have new rules about posting links to pages?
Is your Facebook cover image mobile friendly?
What are your personal reasons that you don't link your Facebook profile to Quora? That's if this applies to you.
How sustainable is Facebook's business model?
What is the most trending technology common in Google, Facebook, Microsoft, etc.?
How do I allow applications local admin rights using a group policy without giving user admin rights to the whole machine?
Apparently, Facebook can't stand the sight of Snapchat. Why aren't their (failing) cloning efforts frowned upon? It almost seems like Facebook is being saluted.
How can I recover my old Facebook account without Gmail or mobile number and forgotten my password?
How do you add a poll in a Facebook group chat?
Can anyone post pictures of me on social media without my consent?
How do you deal with a fake and envious friend? You just hate seeing their Facebook posts. Is blocking or unfriending​ a great idea?
What would happen to all of the accounts of Facebook users in the current generation after, say, 60 years after all of us would have passed away?
What is Facebook Pixel, conversions and micro conversions?
How do I recover my Facebook password with the normal procedure since I lost the SIM card of telephone?
What will happen if I stop using social apps like WhatsApp, Facebook, Messenger, etc.?
What was your first set Facebook profile picture compared to your newest one?
How can I find someone on Facebook from 8 Ball Pool?
How do I link the birth dates of my friends on Facebook to my iPhone?
How can I delete messages I sent to someone on Facebook in both conversations?
With increasing popularity of Instagram, do you think Facebook will shutdown?
Is there any software or process to increase likes on a Facebook post?
How common is it for people to fall in love with someone after reading their entire Facebook Timeline?
How do I advertise on Instagram and Facebook simultaneously when the accounts are already linked?
Can you share your picture here? Do you use another social networking sites like Instagram, Facebook, etc?
Is being true that Europeans publish less of their photos than Asians on Facebook?
Can I trace my laptop without knowing its Mac address, by using the Wi-Fi previous record, an email sent from that, or a Facebook account?
When we comment on posts which come on Facebook, can all people see this?
How can we add members in a group?
What are the Indian (indigenous) options of Facebook, WhatsApp, Quora, Google in India, as the Chinese already have developed their own?
Why don’t Facebook Messenger and WhatsApp use WebSocket?
Why do Korean people keep showing up in my “People You May Know” list?
How does Facebook choose who shows up in the chat sidebar? What does the green light mean?
How much do photo sharing apps like Instagram, Snapchat, Facebook compress images?
If a famous person lets you send them a PM on Facebook, does that mean that they like you?
How do I know who to unban in a Facebook page?
What would you do if your invisible friend vanished?
What is your opinion of Facebook addiction among Indians?
Who did Tenisha Jackson chat with the most on Facebook?
How do I hack Facebook account on Android without root?
What is the revenue model for Facebook games?
What are the best ways to keep a business focused Facebook group active?
What is the perfect budget strategy for Facebook ads if I'm doing dropshipping?
Is there any tutorial on how to monetize my 100k organic followers on a Facebook page with my blog?
Would Mark Zuckerberg shutter Facebook Live if the product were used to live-stream the murder of a white Facebook employee?
What are some good chat sites like Facebook?
Can I link more than one Facebook account to one Instagram account?
How can I automatically mass invite people who like my posts to like my Facebook page?
Why was the Note feature in Facebook scrapped?
How do I share a GIF file from Facebook to Whatsapp?
Is it legal to share other people's public shared Facebook pictures on my Facebook page?
How do I get a job with Google or Facebook if I am from India?
How much time did you spend on Facebook?
How do I stream Facebook data using Apache spark?
Is there any plugin to video block from Facebook apart from its default settings?
What does it mean on Facebook Messenger when the status says active a minute or x minutes ago but the green icon is off?
What are the monthly incomes of the owners of Facebook and Google?
What major announcements did Facebook make at the F8 in 2017?
What makes Quora more respectful than Facebook?
Wouldn't Facebook have strong advantages if they entered into competition against Uber, Thankeyou and Airbnb?
What are the details of advertising on Facebook?
What advice would you give to a person/friend who keeps posting/saying quotes on Facebook about fake friends? And what does that say about the friend?
What are other sites you can start a group on besides Facebook?
How can I advertise my Facebook page free of cost on Facebook?
How can (and should) I tell my friend to stop oversharing on Facebook?
Is it also possible to create Facebook ads for Australia being located in Germany?
Why does Facebook keep asking for documents, when I already submitted documents 2 times?
How can I know the true identity of a person on Facebook?
How can I disable Facebook's appointment feature?
Which are the most interesting closed groups on Facebook concerning productivity and self-improvement?
Is it possible to have Gmail and Facebook accounts if I am under 18?
How can I hook up Amazon Alexa to Facebook?
Can we find the amount of sales that are generated every day in the advert manager on Facebook?
What programming software was used to create Facebook Messenger, Snapchat and WhatsApp?
Can you stop a user from knowing that you checked his or her profile on Badoo?
Is Sanjeev Bhatt’s Facebook account fake?
What is the future of messaging apps in providing customer service (WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, vChat)?
What are the latest Facebook video marketing techniques?
Does Facebook keep a permanent record of their user's entire Activity Log, even once the users delete their activity/search history?
Should Facebook consider Quora a future threat? I believe Quora has the potential to make FB irrelevant.
People are using Twitter and Facebook where their freedom of expression has been removed and people are stacked in little groups with the same opinions. Why?
How can I close my Facebook account?
Is it possible to create a plugin for Facebook that automatically modifies the call-to-action button (e.g. Shop Now) on someone else’s Facebook page?
I cursed a girl I know out on Facebook Messenger. She didn't reply, but she didn't delete me or unfriend me. What does this mean?
Why don’t the top programmers and engineers working at Facebook and Google make their own app or something new so that they can replace these companies?
What is the highest number of shares any of your Facebook posts has ever achieved?
Can I translate any article at any website and publish it on my website or Facebook ?
How do I block Facebook and LinkedIn notifications in Gmail?
People seem friendlier on Instagram than on Facebook. What role does UI design play in that?
Why aren't erections allowed on Facebook?
A friend of mine on Facebook recently added 4 people but I can only see 3, is there a way to find out who this is?
How did Mark Zuckerberg draw the line of friendship and business with his first 50 employees?
Why did Facebook change the UI for changing profile pictures?
How do I remove a bad photo of myself from Facebook that someone else posted?
When someone blocks you on Facebook, how long does it last before it gets lifted?
What is the way to advertise on Facebook to the whole UK through boosting my post for anyone who is working?
How many friends do you have on Facebook and how many of them are your close friends?
Whether they speak about spirituality, entrepreneurship, health or investing, who are your favorite people to follow on Facebook?
Do you know any Facebook accounts of the top Clash Royale players?
If Facebook, Snapchat, or one of the other big social media websites went out of business, what would happen to all of the data they've collected?
How do I recover a post I deleted from Facebook?
How do I convince Facebook that I always want to see the 'Most Recent' feed?
How can I search friends on Facebook by email?
Can I see who is visiting my FB page?
How do I make the Twitter account @dopeandnerds famous?
Why does it say “no friend suggestions”?
How do I prevent my Facebook fan page from being unpublished?
She always responds to my WhatsApp messages, but not to my Facebook messages. She is always online on Facebook. Should I leave her?
How can I delete photos and shared content in Messenger?
What needs to be done to keep Quora from being hijacked by political vested interests like Facebook?
Where can I buy sparklers (fireworks) online in India with COD facility (could be any site, Facebook page, Instagram account, etc.)?
What would you do to a friend on Facebook who's ​been talking bad about you behind your back and being envious? Block him, or leave him in your friends list?
How do I remove the annoying bar of Direct/Your Story from showing up at the top of my news feed on Facebook?
Why can't I see all persons who reacted to my FB photo?
Where I can get Facebook and Google+ authentication codes?
How can I create a Facebook add that profitable?
What policies/restrictions exist around paying people to post to their Facebook, Instagram and Twitter timelines?
How can I stop getting distracted by Facebook and other social sites?
What offerings does Facebook have for real estate agents to advertise? How effective is it?
Where can I find someone to help me get my hacked Facebook ID back? I don’t even know the email.
Is there any way to get a wider newsfeed on mbasic.facebook.com?
Is there a way to disable the Your Story feature in the Facebook mobile app?
How do I create a second Facebook account account without relating it to my current or original one?
Can I use my Quora address on Facebook?
Will blocking someone's phone block them through Facebook?
What if you are in love with your Facebook friend?
How do I recover deleted Facebook photos?
In Facebook API, is there a way to get a mentioned/tagged person in a post or comment?
How can I get data from a Facebook individual’s profile?
Why is it that a man thinks it's ok to have photos and videos open on all sites and thinks he needs over a thousand friends on Facebook?
How can Quora be useful in JEE preparations with creating an extreme contrast to Facebook?
Is there any way to detect visitors viewing our Facebook profiles?
What are the best ways to understand the behaviour of my Facebook page's fans?
Why do people share personal pics on Facebook? Does it help anyone?
How do I use Facebook app without risking my privacy?
How am I able to change the event photo on Facebook?
Suppose xyz is a social networking site that will replace Facebook. What features will you expect from xyz?
Is there any automated way to reply on Facebook comments?
What is the largest Facebook group and page?
What if Facebook suddenly disappears?
Is replying on Twitter like commenting on a post on Facebook? If so, is it publicly posted?
How can I find Personal Ads on Facebook?
Facebook updates its Android and iOS application without an update from the App Store or Play Store. How is this possible? Is it a hybrid-using web?
Why is everyone so obsessed with Mark Zuckerberg?
A family member sent me a friend request on Facebook, should I add them?
How do I target a Facebook ad for selling LulaRoe?
What would've been better for Snapchat's founders, an IPO or taking the $ 3 billion dollar offer from Facebook?
People usually comment score when I become friends with someone on Facebook, what does their comment actually mean?
Where can I see video from the breakout sessions at Facebook f8 conference?
How can I effectively block someone on Facebook?
On Facebook Messenger, can someone tell if you have searched for something in the conversation?
My Facebook profile isn't going public even though my settings are all set to everyone. Is there a way to force it to go public?
How can I fix a problem creating events on a Facebook business page?
Why I cannot send a second friend request to someone in Facebook?
In this age of WhatsApp forwards, which digital media or Facebook pages can we turn to for credible news and journalism?
Why is my Facebook sidebar so rectangular? In the chat avatars. For my family member all their Facebook sidebar are circles in the avatars?
How can I stop the frequent blocking of my Facebook account?
How much money does Facebook take away from India?
How can I share my responses without seeing other replies?
When you share a post with friends on Facebook, can other people see it?
How can I begin with Facebook ads?
How do I stop friends from seeing my comments/likes on other pages?
Why companies like Intel, Google, Facebook are against the immigration measures of Trump?
What is your opinion about Ravindra Babu Ravula going live on Facebook and discussing with students on general matters?
Should I start up a sales website or do I create a Facebook page and sell the product there, mainly to save cost?
How can I add a link to my "Send to Mobile" button in Gameroom?
How do I target parents who have children with upcoming birthdays on Facebook ads?
How do I make the Facebook comment box display on Blogger mobile view?
How do I change my Facebook address?
Where can I post my Facebook page so that everyone can see it and like it?
How does someone react when their Facebook account is hacked?
How can I retrieve a deactivated account of an old friend who I want to get in touch with?
How do you hide your feed from other people on Instagram?
How do I use Facebook Messenger Ads for business?
How do online portals like Amazon and Facebook get people's money in their pockets technically?
Why doesn't Facebook Messenger say the dates of when someone reads your messages?
How come a comment notification appears in your email and YouTube notifications box but doesn’t appear in the comments section of a video?
What are the benefits of using advert sets in Facebook?
How do I update my profile picture and name on messenger?
How do you get a job in Facebook Engineering?
Do you have to have Facebook to use Messenger?
Are there examples of Facebook fan page headings?
How do I find someone's Facebook account using a picture?
How can I know about Facebook audience targeting?
How do I make a social networking site like Facebook without sufficient knowledge of software?
Is there anyway to bypass users on my app needing to click "send invite" to a friend on Facebook?
Are there any social networks that have the appearance of Facebook?
How much time does Facebook take in reviewing an additional document?
Is there a way to see all of my Facebook actions since day 1?
How much money should I invest per day in Facebook ads to promote a product if I'm doing dropshipping?
Is it possible to get a notification when someone activates their account on Facebook?
What does it mean if my Messenger message was sent but not delivered?
What is the difference between inFeedo and Facebook Workplace? Are they competitors of each other?
What Facebook groups is the best for business owners?
If I confirm a relationship request on Facebook, will it show on everyone's feed?
Why does Facebook update your account whenever they want to?
What makes you stay away from Facebook?
I created a Facebook account when I was 11 years old, but now I'm 15 years old. Would it be a good idea to change the year I was born from 1992 to 2002?
Does Facebook scan peoples brains?
How do I send automatic friend requests on Facebook?
Can we read someone's Facebook messages?
Why doesn't the new update of Facebook Messenger open in the gallery?
When running a Facebook ad campaign, how do I estimate the cost per impression, before launching?
How can I make a Facebook survey?
My Facebook ID security check code was sent to my old phone number, and it won't let me select a different one. How do I change it?
Can I send messages to more than one person at a time on Facebook? What happens when I do so?
Why doesn't Facebook get sued for copyright?
Can I view all of a specific Tumblr account’s posts, comments, replies, and likes?
How can I send more than 500 people an event invite on Facebook?
Does Facebook always know if a person is parent or it can miss a good percent of times - asking this from Facebook advertising perspective?
How often is the code refactored at Facebook/WhatsApp/Instagram?
I sent my teacher a Facebook friend request and she hasn't accepted it or rejected it. What does this mean?
Is Quora becoming the next Facebook, where people do stupid things?
What kinds of apps and software do Facebook and Microsoft buy?
Is there a way to automatically remove all tags of someone on my Facebook page? I have deleted all 'couple' photos of my ex and I don’t need to block.
How do you tag multiple people/groups on Facebook?
How do you know if you have posted an inappropriate status to Facebook?
Does Facebook measure the reading time on a location of a feed?
Is Quora's 'upvote' an equivalent to Facebook's 'like '?
Is Quora addictive like Facebook and other social sites?
How's Instagram different from Facebook if it just enables us to upload photos and videos what we can always do on Facebook?
Is Facebook’s marketing unreliable?
How do I know if my friend is currently on a video chat on FB Messenger?
Do you prefer your friends on Facebook share photos or short videos of their vacations?
How does Facebook Code Generator feature works?
How can I get notifications about a person of what he posts or what his friends post on his timeline who is not in my friend list in Facebook?
What does it mean if you added a person on Messenger?
How do I make a page on Facebook where I can sell handicrafts?
How do I put my videos on Facebook to Flipagram?
Are there any groups on Tumble, like the Facebook groups?
Why do some people replace “a” with “v” in Facebook posts and Messenger conversations ?
Is there a way of viewing content from a Facebook group without a Facebook account (such as a shareable link like on Google)?
Does Facebook affect students?
Are ads available on Facebook Free Basics?
How much do we need to spend on Facebook or Instagram advertising (hypothetical number)?
How can I see when I was last logged in on my PicsArt account?
Do you know of any social network that uses common interests and algorithms to suggest friends, instead of being based on common friends?
Each time you message a non-friend on Facebook Messenger, do they have to accept your request for each message you send?
How do I check which Facebook friend requests I've declined?
What would Facebook look like if it didn't depend on our confirmation bias?
How do I find the email ID of an unknown Facebook user?
How can I return to my old Facebook password after changing it?
How can I see who looked at my Facebook profile?
What is the best way to market a Facebook shop and extend its reach?
How do I get Facebook's API for my app?
Why doesn't Facebook buy Snapchat?
What is Facebook magazine? What is the way to build a Facebook magazine using digital marketing services?
Why does Facebook page-plugin display one page and not another?
Why does it beep before it rings when I call someone on Messenger?
Why do people on Quora blame social networking sites like Facebook, WhatsApp, etc.?
How is it to be at Facebook, Google, Microsoft, or Apple as an intern?
Why are Facebook's videos psychedelic?
What's the realest thing someone has ever said to you?
How do I get more visitors to my blog from social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.?
Which has more impact on daily life: Facebook or Quora?
For a new marketing consultant, should I focus 100% and master Facebook for client marketing services?
How can I download all the photos shared on Facebook Messenger (with one click)?
What happens if Facebook asks for my ID proof, and I never give it to them?
Is there a way to find the most liked picture on any random Facebook public page?
What does the flower smiley in Facebook denote?
What will you miss if you don't open Facebook and Instagram for a year?
How do I invite someone to Messenger who is not on Facebook?
What's the difference between Facebook and YouTube in terms of their ad releasing strategy?
What reason is there for someone disappearing from my “people you may know” list on Facebook after a period of time? I didn’t remove him.
How can one figure out the true identity of a person on Facebook?
Is there any way that I can see a list of people on Quora, like those on Facebook?
What’s the website where you can put your Facebook ID URL and it automatically generates all the links to show what you’ve shared publicly?
Can I view nude Facebook pics that were removed?
Is it possible for a startup to catch up to Google/Facebook in AI?
How can I change my profile pic on Messenger now that I have removed Facebook?
How can I get that blue tick on my official fb page?
How can I hide a Facebook page from myself?
I accidentally pressed the ‘limit old posts’ feature on Facebook and I want to get rid of that. Is there any option available?
How do you make money on a Facebook page?
I have a Facebook login button on my webpage with the relevant scopes, how can I get a list of users who log in using that button?
Why doesn't Facebook or Google provide free Internet to poor people?
Is there a secondhand selling/sharing group (Facebook group/community/store) in Halle, Brabant, Belgium?
Will Facebook Pixel count a conversion multiple times for different URL parameters?
Which strategies can be used to make people like a brand's Facebook page during an event organized by that brand?
Which is the best website to buy Facebook Likes cheap?
What is your opinion on the Facebook group, Offensive Humour 2.0?
How do I read back a comment from a page if the owner deleted my comment on Facebook?
Is it liberating to run a Facebook account with no friends, letting anyone comment on your public posts?
What is the meaning of the Facebook reaction having a purple flower?
How do you get un-shadowbanned from Instagram?
Will you feel jealous if your boyfriend gives love reacts on Facebook to photos of other women?
Can there be a Facebook app that can read conversations and send them back to app owner?
Its is safe to convert my personal Facebook account in to a business page?
How can I recover a Facebook account if I have forgotten my password as well as the email address and the phone number linked to it?
If there is an admin on a Facebook page who is ghosted (i.e., you can't tell who that admin is), how can you take over the admin status?
How many people are using the Facebook Stories feature?
How much should I charge a month to manage an Instagram and Facebook for a car dealership? I will report analytics, create original content, and run sponsored ads on both platforms.
Can I use Presto on Facebook to retrieve public posts from a specific city?
How can I be successful with my Facebook art page without spending too much time and money?
Roman Saini's Facebook page is not yet a verified account by Facebook. Why?
How can I contact Facebook HQ?
A friend posted to my timeline. Can I see the audience they selected?
Why do certain websites like Poshmark or Facebook have continuous feed pages? I don't like continuous feeds and I will not go to any site that does it.
How can I access Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and all the other blocked sites in China?
How can I hack someone by sending a message through Facebook?
Why can't Quora ever surpass FB or WhatsApp in popularity?
How do I bring down Facebook ads cost?
How does Facebook earn billions?
Is the Facebook automation tool www.fbmarketingautomation.com any good?
During Facebook’s startup, did Mark Zuckerberg write all the code in one language, or did he know most of the languages at that time which are being used, today?
Can you use replies from your Facebook posts in a printed media without any intellectual property issues?
What are some of the functionalities that social media apps like Snapchat, Facebook, WhatsApp, YouTube, Pinterest, and Instagram lack? What are social media apps going to look like in the next five years?
Do you think it is a good idea for Facebook to allow us to unsend messages in Facebook Chat/Messenger?
Can anybody help? My Facebook account was hacked.
How can I change my Facebook relationship status without notifying everyone?
What is the Facebook Camera Effects platform?
Is Facebook going to add a theme feature, a set background color or an image option for the mobile app or is there anyway one can do it using APKs?
How can one apply data science to Facebook ads?
How did Zuckerberg made money after making Facebook?
Shouldn't we consider Google, Facebook, Amazon, and other big companies as monopolies, and slash them?
If you open Facebook on Instagram & accidentally click on hide button on someone's profile picture without logging in, will the person know about it?
What if I make a social networking site like Twitter, Facebook with different colour and texture? Will I face a copyright act? What should I do to avoid it?
How do you link Facebook accounts?
How do I turn off Chrome desktop notifications for Facebook Messenger but not Facebook?
Is there a way to find abandoned Facebook pages?
Can something eliminate Facebook in future?
How can I log into my Facebook account without a password? It is linked to my Yahoo ID which I can no longer access?
How do I write a farewell message for college, which I would like to post on Facebook? The message should not be too emotional and a little funny.
Do they have Facebook in North Korea? Because sometimes when I go to Facebook live map, I find some 1 or 2 lives broadcasting from there.
How can I find a contact number on Messenger?
How can I share a Facebook post to Twitter?
What should I write in an open letter to Fb Sister?
On Facebook, does a friend's post suddenly appearing on your feed (when it usually doesn't) mean that they've been looking at your content?
What are the best social media platforms for insurance?
Should I promote my YouTube channel or Facebook page (related to my business) first, or enrich the page/channel content first, then start to promote?
What is the direct feature in Facebook, and how do I open it in the desktop version?
What's the weirdest thing you've seen on your Facebook feed?
How do I manage multiple Facebook campaigns in one place?
How I can check who has shared my photo post on Facebook?
What type of post (picture, link, event, mention, shares, etc.) on your Facebook business page do you find receives the most engagement with your target audience?
How do I count a company's Facebook post?
Can you get old Facebook messenger messages recovered somehow?
Why is my deactivated Facebook account still visible to the public and on my old friends’ 'friends lists'?
Which is the best platform/CMS for creating a social network website just like Facebook?
What do you think about AIB's post on FB about Quora?
What results are required in order to get followers on Facebook?
Does Square integrate with Facebook Messenger?
How can I edit my cover photo on Facebook?
What are some of the best meme pages in Facebook and Instagram?
Why are people still on Facebook?
Is there a Facebook messenger alternative for windows phone?
Why does Facebook offer its 'Year in Review' and 'Look Back' videos?
Why is my deactivated account still visible in my old Friends lists?
How I can log in Facebook without log in approval?
If you remove someone from ‘suggested friends’, can they come back?
Facebook is showing me advertisements for items I searched on Amazon. How is Facebook doing this?
How do I add to the Book section at the left side of my Facebook profile page?
How do I know who view my photos on Facebook?
How one can be sure that owners of Facebook, Twitter, Gmail or any other interactive platform cannot see private messages users send over those?
Is it possible for the time/date of a message (not a stat) on Facebook to bed falsified (i.e., made earlier)?
Who is the person(s) or company behind the Tasty cooking videos you often see on Facebook?
If you decline a message request on Facebook Messenger, can that person send you another message request?
How can I retrieve all my chats that I have deleted from Facebook?
Who according to you is the most unbiased and intelligent Facebook page admin?
Why do couples say that they love each other on Facebook three times a week? Is Facebook the center of the universe?
How do I get a Facebook notification of non-friend people?
How do I know if people have checked my FB profile?
Which is the best work app to work with my team: Facebook Workplace or Slack?
My custom show\hide button defaults to show on page refresh, how do I stop that?
Why does Facebook tell me that I have 4 new views when I cannot even see who viewed my profile and what do I do with these notifications?
How do I know if my Facebook account is temporarily blocked?
How do you hide what pictures you liked when someone searches for them on Facebook?
How can I know if a post of a Facebook page is an ad or not?
How do I see the profile picture of my friend who has blocked me?
Is there a way to permanently delete the Messenger app and message through Facebook only?
How do I block someone I am already blocked from on Facebook?
Can I log into Facebook using Instagram?
How can I access my husband’s Facebook account?
There’s a Facebook name that I need for my page, but someone already has it. Their page was last used in 2010. Is there a way I can get that username?
People say there are many flaws in Facebook. They are saying you can get thousands of followers just like a celebrity in a few days. Is this true?
How can I add all my friends to my closed face-book group without getting blocked?
How do I switch from privacy to public on a Facebook app?
What is the Facebook Messenger 2.0 platform, and why is it important?
What are the disadvantages of making Facebook account?
Who handles Prabhas' Facebook account?
How can I find the person who hacked my Facebook account?
Is it okay to copy an article from Quora to Facebook?
How can I make more people join Facebook groups?
How do people make money through Facebook pages under the entertainment category?
How can one copyright the writings in one's Facebook page?
How do I see newly added friendship posts on Facebook?
Is it possible to run a JavaScript code snippet on my Facebook profile to check if someone's snooping?
How do you deactivate mutual friends on Facebook?
Does it show my face on a Messenger video call?
What are some more tricks on Facebook?
What is the best way to upload a picture to Facebook?
Can I view my messages on Messenger.com if I have subscribed with my phone number (without a Facebook account)?
Which are the informative apps that I can use instead of wasting my time on FB, Insta or WhatsApp?
Should I stop posting status updates in Facebook if I don't get enough likes?
Will big companies like Facebook, Google and Rockstar accept me as a programmer without degree?
What are the names of websites to be used instead of wasting my time on Facebook?
What attribution tools give you insights into your Google and Facebook campaigns beyond what the platforms do by themselves?
How do I upload a video to make it autoplay in my Facebook timeline and Facebook page?
Does the Facebook app save your history?
Why does Facebook update its APK every other day?
What should I write on my Facebook wall to tell people that I am leaving Pune due to a transfer?
How do I find out who was the creater of a deleted page or profile?
Is there software that gives me the list of my Facebook friends who interact with me the most/least?
What are the ways to get a Facebook friend's (a girl) phone number?
Can you track someone's IP from a comment he posted on Facebook?
How much would you have to spend to boost a post on FB to 1 million people?
Which font did Facebook use for their F8 2017 keynote?
What are the preferences for group posts?
Is it possible to ban plastic use completely in India? If so, how can we, as laymen, help to promote these ideas among the public, apart from using Facebook or any other social media?
How do I set Facebook page name like PewDiePie, without giving any space?
How do you find videos on Facebook?
An anonymous Facebook friend has told my girlfriend that I was on a Messenger video chat. How did she know?
Where can I learn more about the Facebook places graph?
How do I get someone’s contact info on Messenger?
Why isn't my university updating my merit page?
What is the right Facebook experience for your age?
Why don’t my social apps, Facebook, and WhatsApp remain connected to the internet? Every time I have to turn the mobile data off and then on to get notifications.
How can I know the exact location of a person who sent a message from the general Facebook website using mobile?
Do you know any pages on Facebook for crazy commercial ideas?
What might be cooking inside Facebook?
Does Facebook, Google, and Quora hire people on the basis of degrees or skills in other countries, such as India?
Are there students who used to waste their time on Facebook and then stopped?
I followed a person accidentally and then unfollowed them on Facebook. Will they receive a notification​?
How do I create Facebook notification using web worker?
Why did Facebook and Zuckerberg allow Social Network to be made?
How can I apply for Facebook’s new 3000 live-streaming monitoring jobs?
Does Facebook use metadata-driven development?
What data does Facebook SDK collect from app users?
First came Google. Then came Facebook. Meanwhile Amazon transformed into one. What company or technical field will be/create internet's next giant?
How and on what basis do people get their Twitter/Facebook/Instagram accounts verified?
What is an appropriate line for a best friend who can’t be a Facebook friend?
How can I find people who have English content and they need a French translation, using Facebook groups?
Should I add online friends because I get a lot of requests?
How can I get more relevant and active followers for my Facebook page?
What are your favorite solutions to some of the biggest problems in the world?
How do I take a cool Facebook profile picture?
How can I see a friend’s active log?
How do I make FB accounts?
Is there an actual app or easy way I can monitor my spouse’s Facebook and email activity, besides leaving a long ad to hire some super hacker?
Did Mark Zuckerberg revolutionize artificial intelligence by creating Jarvis?
What is the best online tool for building a viable, engaging business network? LinkedIn? Facebook? Other?
How can I verify Facebook musician/band page?
What kind of data can I get from a Facebook user’s friends list after they log in using Facebook?
How do I create a catchy page for selling jewellery via FaceBook?
How can Facebook know if I scraped my custom audience mail list (Gmail, Hotmail etc.)?
What type of copyright issues can I expect if I’m creating a TV series page on Facebook?
How can we know when a person logs into Facebook?
How can I get Facebook to send me a new password for my ten-minute mail?
How can I see my boyfriend’s messages to other women on Facebook?
How do companies like Facebook, Google, and Microsoft hire employees?
How do I install Facebook CTF on Linux?
What is the procedure for getting the original information of a person from his fake Facebook account?
Is there any way to see older passwords list in Facebook?
What is the best way to have Many folowers on Facebook group?
Can a company sue me for a bad review on their Facebook page in Dubai?
How does Google/Facebook test their products? What are their automation testing strategies?
How can I read my partner's Facebook Messenger without having his phone?
How can I gain access to my Gmail and Facebook accounts? I don't have the same phone or number or the passwords associated with my accounts.
Have you liked a picture on Facebook/Instagram just for the sake of liking it?
Should we block people on Facebook whom we don't agree with? Under what circumstances should we block and under which should we not?
Why don't Indian women share pictures of their husbands on Facebook, and why do they never mention whom they're married to?
How can I block my Facebook page post from a specific person?
How important are software patents to a new Facebook or Google?
Can a person have more than one Facebook account?
How can I see the posts of a closed group and what they posted?
Can you post something that's not live on Facebook live?
Can you delete a group on Facebook?
Is there any real hacking of Facebook?
How do I delete all my Facebook posts at once? I am using an Android/Windows PC.
How can I find out who's looking at my Facebook profile that's not on my friend?
How can I automatically post on Facebook?
How do police track a deleted Facebook account's user IP address that was deleted 3 months ago?
What is the term for Mark Zuckerberg who is not money worshipper in all of his vocation?
How do I operate a Facebook fan page globally?
Will Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, etc. still be around in 50 years?
How do I change my Google Now feed so that it shows me local cards?
Why doesn't Facebook bring back the security feature of login approvals?
How do I allow people to subscribe to my email list using their Facebook account?
Who are the 10 best Facebook bloggers on weight loss?
Why does wowcrush.com not open in a tab, but it works while entering it in the comment box in Facebook?
Is there any tool to monitor relation status changes on Facebook?
How do you do dropship directly from Facebook?
What are the benefits of creating a Facebook page?
How can I monetize a Facebook group with more than 340K members?
Why do I sometimes get texted random Facebook password reset code messages?
Soon Facebook will die, as Mark Zuckerberg predicted the smartphone will die. The question is when?
Which is the best Facebook group on startup hiring?
Will Facebook be regulated? What would regulation look like?
Is there any feature on insta which enables people to accept requests of other users automatically?
How do I get a low click on Facebook ads?
Should I set up a new website like HONY’s Facebook page, but with more details?
How do I set up a new Facebook account with a different name and email?
Are affiliate links accepted for paid ads on Facebook, Google or other search engines?
Does the blue tick on Genelia D’Souza on Facebook indicate that it’s her who uses this account? Will she read my messages, or someone else will?
What kind of sponsored ads show up on your Facebook feed? Do they interest you or annoy you?
A page on Facebook stole one of my answers on Quora and posted it as their own. What can I do?
How could we fetch conversations from a deactivated account on Facebook?
What are some ways to close a page on Facebook?
How do Apple, Microsoft, Google, and Facebook compare at doing hardware?
Where do I find a Facebook strategist and a Facebook consumer acquisition specialist who can be results paid?
If nearby friends say 1mn, does that mean they were on Facebook a minute ago?
What is Facebook Audience Network?
What do you think regarding the meme culture that is becoming more and more prevalent in Facebook (and internet in general)?
How do I tag friends on Facebook on Android?
How do I promote a URL shortening website via AdWords, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.?
Who inspired Mark Zuckerberg to invent Facebook?
How do I create a test campaign in Facebook AdWords?
Whenever I mention someone in a Facebook comment, it is visible to everyone. How can I avoid that?
Can my Facebook post be seen by friends “through” the reaction of a friend to whom I have limited the post through "Custom"?
How can we see someone’s Facebook profile if they have blocked us?
How will Facebook respond to murders and suicides being streamed on Facebook Live?
What does this means, “This advert format is not currently supported in the desktop news feed”?
A kid asked my girlfriend for nudes on Facebook. He has a girlfriend, but kept asking for it. We found his mom on Facebook. Should we tell her?
Where can I find the Facebook page verification form?
How do I prevent Facebook from blocking my Facebook account?
One of my questions is not on my questions list but can be found on a Quora search with my name credited. What happened?
Can I sue Facebook for asking my identity?
Are there any Facebook pages like TheBetterIndia?
Why does Tinder show a friend I recently added on Facebook?
What's the best Facebook auto group poster software in 2017?
What do the ticks mean in Messenger?
How often do Facebook and Zuckerberg get sued?
How can I turn auto response on on Facebook when someone messages?
What could be the Facebook audience for men's business watches product?
Is it illegal to post on Facebook a Google Drive link (shared with everyone) with a film I uploaded which violates copyright law?
Why do couples carry on conversations on Facebook rather than a phone call or text?
One requires code to run a website, so would it be possible to run Facebook with only one person?
Can I change the name of my Facebook page even if my account is temporarily blocked (i.e., I can't write anything)?
If Mark Zuckerberg ran for President and won, assuming China and other leaders allow FB to operate, is it in shareholders interest for him to run?
What's Facebook’s Como package for support engineers?
Can a freelancer cheat their customers as Mark Zuckerberg did with Winklevoss twins, according to the movie “Social Network”?
How can a minor monetize their Facebook pages?
What is the need of Facebook?
What would happen if Facebook is globally banned?
Do guys check their other messages when they have a crush on any stranger and they expect that stranger to message them on Facebook?
What percentage of Facebook users share their email IDs?
Can Google remove Facebook from the Play Store if they pose a significant threat to their business?
What are the recent changes in Facebook?
What does it mean when a friend (boy) likes a picture from few months ago on Facebook?
Why is pornography allowed on Instagram and Twitter, but strictly banned on Facebook?
How can we stop the “active now” on Messenger?
I accidentally clicked "prevent person from sending more requests" on Facebook and my best friend did the same thing, how do I re-friend him?
How do I find the number of Facebook users in a specific city?
Is Keanu Reeves on any kind of social media like Facebook or Twitter?
On Facebook, what happens when you "filter" a photo?
How do I create a contest on a Facebook page?
How can I sync Facebook birthdays to Google Calendar?
Is it possible to be blocked when you are not friends on Facebook?
Are there jobs at Facebook, Twitter, Google, Netflix etc., for someone who passed 10th?
How am I gonna open my pictures in Facebook and video, too?
How can I tell if my girlfriend is using secret messages on Facebook?
Will Google lose everything to Facebook?
Why do we use Facebook in social media marketing?
It is unpolite to add someone you don't know on Facebook?
If Facebook goes out of business tomorrow, will the world collapse?
How do I focus on study and stop using Facebook and stop playing Mini Militia?
Is there a service that you can pay to show you how to get Facebook messages that you can't retrieve?
Can Facebook track the serial killer Stevie Steve?
What is business development at Facebook or Instagram?
Can my friend steal my password if I log into Facebook from his mobile browser? If so, how?
Are people who are blocked on Facebook aware of being blocked?
How can I get new script for auto-adding an FB group?
If I message someone on Facebook who I'm not friends with do they get to read the message before deciding whether to accept my request to friend me?
How do people appear in suggestion list on Facebook?
How can I get the rights to my dead brother's Facebook page? I would like it to be changed to a memorial page, but I do not know how to do this.
Can Facebook see startpage searches?
Can you tell who someone is messaging on Messenger?
What does it mean when it says your mobile number was removed from your account because it was registered and verified buy another Facebook user?
Can one hack FB accounts using online tutorials?
If Google, Facebook, Apple, Amazon and Microsoft were declared monopolies, what would be the best way to break each of them up?
How do you tag a name in a Facebook page post?
How serious a problem is social media addiction?
What are some important community or common interest Facebook groups, secret or closed? In what interesting ways are they used by members?
How can I collect emails on my Facebook page?
How do I delete multiple messages in Messenger?
How do I find my friend’s Facebook comments?
Does Facebook record audio on users' devices for ad-targeting purposes?
Why is there little information about the Facebook founders (other than Mark Zuckerberg)?
Will your friend see your activity on Facebook Messenger when your messenger is running in the background?
If you are using Facebook, how are you benefiting from it?
Is it wrong to brag on Facebook page about your company's projects?
Does Facebook use an image as its background?
Why is my question not on my profile page anymore?
How can I chat with a following friend on Facebook?
Why would someone friend request you on Facebook then pretend they didn't?
What will happen if I uninstall Facebook and WhatsApp from my mobile?
How can I find someone using my Facebook without my knowledge?
How close to reality is Facebook’s claim that their BCI will enable humans to type 100wpm by just thinking?
How can I read a message on another person’s Facebook account without knowing their names?
What is the architecture of a Facebook Messenger extension?
Is Facebook liking a page for me without my permission?
How can I allow everyone to like my photos on Facebook?
How do I unblock myself from someone’s Facebook account?
Should someone with Asperger’s have a Facebook account?
Should Quora add feature opening the links internally within the app like Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter?
How can I crop a Facebook photo?
Is it legal to use Facebook for commercial purposes?
How can someone get money from Facebook?
A guy on Facebook proposed to me online, and I accepted the proposal and it's been a month. We are in a relationship. Is he using me, or is he really serious?
What is the email ID of Facebook?
If you send a message and deactivate your Facebook account, will they still see your name?
Are school children now addicted to Facebook?
How can I share the url of a Facebook advert?
What software does Facebook use for its videos?
How does Facebook display what your friends have liked?
I’m from Pakistan, and I want to promote my Facebook page in Vietnamese currency. Is it possible?
Is it possible for my friend to re-tag me on a photo on Instagram? I have accidentally removed the tag. Can’t re-tag it now. Is there a way?
Who are the 'Aji Haan' Facebook page admins?
Is the idea of Facebook patented?
Can a deactivated Facebook account be hacked or not?
We are not Facebook friends anymore, but we do have preexisting conversations from when we were. I sent the message two days ago and it still says "sent" but not "delivered.” Will he be able to read it?
There is a lot of conflicting advice on Facebook ads. If there was any question you could ask about Facebook advertising, what would it be?
Should I use Facebook as my personal diary and fully fill profile with personal data?
How can I align text to the right on Facebook?
What are the advanced features of Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter?
What might a Facebook advertiser attempt to sell a suicidal teenager?
What are some good Facebook page and page post autolikers that give 200+ likes on a single click?
How do you hide being on messenger?
How do I hide my Facebook relationship status but keep it visible on my fiancee's profile for her friends?
How do I recover Facebook acount without Gmail and password?
Why do Bangalore-based troll Facebook pages behave so cheaply and make themselves the troll at the end?
Can you use a picture you previously saved from Facebook to relocate it on Facebook?
How do I know if my friend has a dual messenger in the same account?
What are the absolute best Facebook roasts you have ever seen?
Is it feasible for Facebook to enter the ride-sharing market?
How many murders have been committed on Facebook Live?
Do Google, Apple, and Facebook hire Qt/C++ engineers?
What access do social networks (Facebook, Twitter etc) allow you to have on their users’ data and how real time is that data?
How do I update a blank status on Facebook?
Why are internet providers going to block Facebook once we don't have net neutrality anymore?
Can one send a Facebook friend request using Facebook SDK?
Why do the same notifications continue to show unread count on Facebook on the Android app even after opening them?
How do some Facebook pages put advertisement in between of the video?
How difficult is it to run a small business' Facebook page?
Is there is any way to upload .mp3 files to Facebook and YouTube with fixed images with high resolution?
Whom can I contact on Facebook to ask about an MA in literature?
How do you retrieve a lost Facebook password?
Can you hide a friend from your friends list?
Will people on my Facebook page be able to read what I write here on Quora?
What is an alternative to Facebook and Instagram?
What does “favorites” in Facebook Messenger mean?
Does Facebook record your video calls on Facebook?
What is the bullish argument for Amazon, Apple, Google, Facebook, Microsoft, and Netflix?
Someone sent me a message and a friend request. I deleted the friend request. Does that delete the message also?
How can I make my relationship status on Facebook visible to public except for one friend whom I don't wish to block?
I am dreadfully provoked. How do I trigger a shocking amount of destruction in a lawsuit against Facebook, on a very low budget?
How can I appear online on Facebook every time?
How do you know who has friended you on Facebook?
What happened to the Facebook website?
What is the reason for someone disappearing from the “people you may know” list on Facebook? Does it mean the person removed himself/herself or is this a Facebook decision?
Why can I not unblock someone from my Facebook?
I spent $12 per day for 3 days on Facebook ads, which got me 300 website views per day, but no sales; should I end the campaign or spend more?
How can I buy Facebook likes, YouTube subscribers and Twitter followers?
What is the motivation for Facebook to push their Top Stories newsfeed?
Would it show as delivered if they didn't have a Messenger account?
Can ex-convicts in Australia have gun photos on Facebook?
Can people see the Facebook pages I own?
Which is more complicated in terms of design, Facebook website or F22 Raptor?
What is the user doing in Facebook during active?
Would Facebook achieve the same kind of success (or even exist) had Zuckerberg attended a different school?
How many codes were used to make Facebook, and how many days did it take?
How can one tap a large audience on a particular Facebook page?
How do I tell if someone is new on Facebook?
What season is it where you are right now?
Where can I find Facebook profile data?
How do I integrate Facebook Pixel with TheBookingButton?
Do you have to delete your Messenger app if you have already scheduled your FB for deletion?
What mental & emotional health issues do people get from social media like Facebook and Twitter?
Can WhatsApp and Facebook be hacked?
Why can't my friends mention me in comments so I can have a notification? It just appears in black font, not blue with a link to my page.
How can I reduce my addiction to FB?
Why doesn't Facebook allow you to sign in from Tor?
Will Facebook ads die?
Is it ethical to share and alter a post from one Facebook page to another, adding a misleading image to the new post?
What can I do to resize an event photo to fit on a Facebook page, if I don't have Photoshop? Is there any way to do it online for free?
How many times can we change birthday in FB?
Can we make multiple Chegg accounts using different Facebook IDs but bearing the same credentials (name, DOB, address, ID proof, etc.)?
What happend if I spam messages on Facebook?
How does geolocation work on popular websites like Google, Facebook, and YouTube?
Is it a good strategy for Facebook to implement stories for all their services?
Why are my facebook messenger contacts showing that they are available even when they are not?
How do I tell if someone with a mobile phone is on Messenger chat or browsing Facebook?
What is the difference between people who use Facebook, Instagram, and Snapchat more and people who use Quora more?
Who is the king of the internet, Google, Facebook or WordPress?
Is the secret conversation encrypted when the device key doesn't match?
What is the perfect name for my Facebook cricket page?
How can I broadcast live IPL matches on my Facebook page?
Why do other social media companies not create revolutionary tech like Facebook does?
What is your most hated Facebook trend today?
What kind of content do people consume on Facebook versus Instagram and other social media platforms?
How can I generate leads directly in my Autoresponder and Webinar list using Facebook Ads?
What are the Poke and Wave features in Messenger during chatting?
Can I get my deleted conversation back on Messenger?
How far has Facebook degraded you in studies?
How do I find a friend’s number on Messenger?
How long does Facebook take to verify one’s ID?
What does it mean when you are friends with someone on Facebook but you can't see them on any of your friends lists when they used to be there?
What are some ways to unsync your contacts from Facebook on your Android?
How do I get to see posts (other than my own) from Linkedin and Facebook on my Hootsuite?
Why are people operating fun Facebook pages? Does Facebook pay for this?
How can I move all my saved Facebook posts to a Word document or a PDF?
Is it possible to extract the time for every like and share on Facebook brand pages?
Why is News for nerds, stuff that matters showing “You are not allowed to use this resource.” instead of posting feeds?
Does Facebook show previous logged in locations as the current login?
How do I monetize my Indian Facebok group having 50K members?
How do I read a message without the seen mark in hangouts messenger?
How do I block a profile on Facebook?
Why did Facebook Messenger decide to focus on ads only while other messaging platforms such as WeChat and Line make money from payments, commerce etc.?
How can I see the secret conversations of my spouse in Messenger?
How do I create a female Facebook account for MMM?
How can I know my opponents' advertising in Facebook?
What is the different when doing marketing by between Billboard and Facebook?
What is the truth percentage in social media news like on FB or WhatsApp?
This message pops up on the screen "this person is not available right now". What does this mean? Am I blocked by my friend or I was temporary blocked?
Why can I see the “Add friend”/“Send message” buttons next to a profile picture on a phone but not on a laptop?
What would the social ramifications be if Facebook was shutdown?
Why don't we make our own apps instead of using Facebook and Google in India?
Does it make sense to use additional user information (like age, sex or even Facebook likes) for recommendation systems?
What are the problems in Rails that prevent it from carrying big sites like Facebook, WhatsApp or Google?
Which is the minimum age to use Facebook?
Why won't Facebook load complete photo albums, it just has a spinning cursor?
How do I comment on a Facebook page post through a C++ program?
How does a public post on Facebook get more likes?
How can I permanently turn off Facebook's region based pages?
How do you make One single Page your default page in WIX without a /name after?
What is the best Facebook group for expats in your country/city? What rules does it have?
Does Facebook monitor our everyday life?
How can I earn on Facebook or other social media sites?
How does one stop oneself from being an active Facebook and an Instagram addict?
Is there any way to retrieve my old Facebook account password?
Facebook is not responding to my ID verification for the last 1.5 years. What can I do?
How can we create large YouTube thumbnails which are playable on the Facebook app? Is there any solution?
Would you "out" a racist on Facebook to their employer or clients?
How would I know if I’m blocked by someone on Messenger?
How can I inbox somebody on Facebook Messenger?
I saw a girl on Facebook and instantly got attracted to her. But she doesn't know me at all. Should I send her a friend request?
Do the number of views shown on our stats page include views from outside sources such as Google, Facebook, etc.?
What is RMIT like for a Master’s in laboratory medicine? The reviews on their Facebook page are very negative, and I would like to hear the views of their alumni.
How do I know if a message request I received is not a fake?
If I have a Google remarketing code in xyz website, will it capture the traffic coming through Facebook as well?
How can I recover my Facebook account if my mobile number is expired?
How much does Google, Facebook and Microsoft earn from India?
What are the strengths of Mark Zuckerberg?
Can Facebook be defeated by a new company? If yes, how? If no, why not?
How do I get the password for a Facebook friend without permission?
Is there a similar thing as Activity Log from Facebook on Quora? Can I see the posts I upvoted?
What does it say about a person who unfriends you on Facebook because you don't like Trump?
How do you undelete Facebook messages properly?
Is working at Google or Facebook as a software engineer better than college life?
I'm trying to cause a shocking amount of destruction by suing Facebook ($20B). As a Nigerian, how do I bring this lawsuit to fruition?
Is there a way to earn from Facebook like YouTube?
How can an African apply for the, 3000 live streaming monitoring jobs at Facebook?
How do I make a IFTTT recipe to post on FB business page, instead of a FB personal page?
Does WhatsApp still work in China? Since last year, it’s owned by Facebook, no?
How do I remove phone number from my Facebook account?
What is the meaning of accepting an interest request in community matrimony?
If I block someone on Facebook then I unblock him, will the past conversation would be deleted on both accounts (me and him)?
How can I see who has blocked me on Facebook?
What is the best Facebook ads type if there is no web page?
How do 3rd party companies get your Facebook page or Instagram account verified with a blue tick in return for money?
If you unfriend someone on FB, would they know it?
How do I get rid of a Facebook and Twitter addiction?
How can I report a cyber crime on a Facebook comment in India?
What is it, to recover a close friend list?
Will Tinder update my profile pictures without my knowledge?
Is the WhatsApp company under the Facebook company?
Is it possible to merge a restaurant FB page with a musician FB page?
How can I personally conduct social listening on Facebook without the use of questioners or third-party tools?
Is there a way of cross posting images on multiple Facebook pages?
How can I be as good as Google or Facebook developers?
Why is FB using so much space on my phone?
When does Messenger show you as being online? Can Messenger show that you are online without you opening Facebook?
How can I add a photo on my own Facebook post?
How do I get Facebook to enable my payment method which was disabled?
Are there any Indian stock market experts to follow on Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, or Quora?
Can we run multiple lead ads in Facebook?
How can I upload, save and display a profile picture in PHP?
What is the best strategy through Facebook for startups?
How do entrepreneurs like Tim Cook and Mark Zuckerberg sleep only a few hours and remain completely awake the rest of the day?
Among Google, Apple, Facebook, Amazon and Microsoft, which one gets more information about users?
Why did Quora make comments optional? I can no longer comment on something or read other comments. Did Quora just give users the power to censor posts?
Are the terms "Like" and "mutual Friends" owned by Facebook?
Are there any websites which could drive web traffic from a Facebook page?
Why do people keep posting political rubbish on Facebook?
How do you find a person’s Facebook page or wall?
How can I replicate dynamically Facebook Post comments on a Wordpress article?
What programming languages/technologies are beneficial to Android developers at large companies like Google, Amazon, Facebook, Uber, etc.?
Why do my own Facebook posts sometimes not show up in my news feed?
How can I get the first message of a Facebook chat?
How we can promote webinar on Facebook?
Is it cool to send a friend request on Facebook to your crush, who is your junior?
Why is my ad placement on Facebook smaller than my mobile ad placement?
How can I automate my work on Facebook?
Is Facebook down? Getting an error saying "Sorry, something went wrong. We're working on it and we'll get it fixed as soon as we can."
Is it insensitive when a husband likes the Facebook posts of someone even when he knows you are not on good terms anymore with this person?
How does Facebook choose a friend from your friends list for friendiversary?
What is the best way to save Facebook videos to a computer?
How do I apply for a violet video reader on Facebook?
Can I see if I'm in someone's top six Facebook friends list?
Has Google or Facebook ever recruited KIIT students?
How much should I charge for designing a Facebook page?
How safe is a video call between a couple in Imo or Facebook Messenger?
What is the reason behind many people taking up photography as a hobby in recent times?
A few years ago I was terminated from Facebook. A recruiter who saw I used to work there has reached out asking if I want to return. Is this an error?
I deactivated my Facebook account 2 years ago or more. I remember the email address but totally forgot the password. Is there any way to restore it?
What’s the average usage of WhatsApp and Facebook?
How do I make a Facebook Messenger QR code?
If a Facebook acquaintance becomes an energy vampire, does social media etiquette require giving her an explanation before I unfriend or block her?
How will Facebook’s marketplace impact Craigslist and eBay's growth?
Why does data on Google Analytics differ from data on social media platforms, specifically Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram?
How is Facebook associated with Reliance Jio?
Are Americans seeking glory by committing crimes on Facebook Live?
How social media such as Facebook, path, Snapchat promote their platform at early stages?
Does Mark Zuckerberg waste time on Facebook?
If a Facebook login is compromised, what personal data will be lost??
Why would your ex keep taking themselves off Facebook when you already have them blocked?
Do we need social networking sites for success? Is there any use of these sites for our academic growth?
How did I show up on Facebook’s Nearby Friends?
Why isn't Facebook Group app loading? When will this problem be solved?
What are disadvantages of converting your Facebook profile to a Facebook page in 2017?
On Facebook Messenger, what causes a message request to go from sent (blue circle with checkmark) to delivered (filled in blue circle with checkmark)?
Why is Facebook involved in VR?
Will users be able to search their Activity Logs of their Facebook Timeline?
Which makes a better reach on Facebook, creating a post on this event hosted by the page or by the page itself?
Is it possible to turn off unwanted videos in Facebook?
How do I find somebody’s Facebook username?
Can I get an app to hack a Facebook account?
How do I generate large YouTube video thumbnails for Facebook without any site promotion?
Is there a Facebook app. That lets you post secret post on your timeline?
Does it affect anything on Facebook if I get blocked?
How can I talk to someone from the Facebook office?
Is it forbidden to sell private ads on a Facebook group as an administrator of the group?
Is iodised salt a bad business tactic? Is it necessary when iodine evaporates upon warming ?
How does one manage/ take control of a Facebook group without an admin?
How do I overcome the desperation of being in a social network despite knowing that no one chats with me or likes my posts?
Why would a name show up several times under a Facebook search?
How do you differentiate between paid Facebook views/clicks to site and organic Facebook views/clicks to site in Google Analytics?
Why does my new account have a different "activity log" (likes) look from my old Instagram?
Do you think the Logical Indian Facebook page is anti Hindu?
Can a Facebook user on Messenger be a creeper?
Why does Facebook Live Map keep crashing when viewing certain live casts? Some streams crash quickly and other seem to stay up and running smoothly.
When will Facebook launch its augmented reality learning platform?
Is it possible to record Facebook voice calls on Windows using Chrome?
What would you advise me to do, if I want to push aside Facebook?
How can I retrieve my Messenger conversations after I was blocked on Messenger?
How can I change the Facebook page info?
Can I get do follow backlinks from Facebook and Google Plus?
Why do Android phones come with the Facebook app? Does Facebook pay Google?
Does adding someone you like on Facebook a big deal?
How do I get my friend’s number in Facebook Messenger?
How often does Facebook messenger archive messages?
Is the information about health given on Facebook through Facebook pages correct?
How can I get people to see my Patreon page?
How do you design a Facebook banner?
Facebook’s rules say that if your account is disabled, you need permission to make a new account. Where do you go to ask?
Can I use a Nikon D5300 for a live feed on Facebook? If yes, what are the things I need to do in order to do so?
Is it possible to upload and store unlimited HD pictures on Facebook for free?
How do you compare Facebook, Twitter and Quora in Indian users perspective?
How can I see when my friends were last on Facebook, since the last update?
How does Facebook get its sponsored ads?
How can I change the Facebook account email account in Quora.com?
How do I sign into my Facebook account with a profile picture?
How do people put special effect on live Facebook videos?
How do I suggest my opinion to Facebook CEO?
Should I stop using Facebook?
Where can I learn more about Facebook analytics?
How can I read my man’s Facebook messages?
How can you tell, when someone shows active on Facebook Messenger, that a person is chatting with someone else?
My girlfriend blocked her ex on Facebook, but I can still see her likes and comments on his post from a couple of years ago. Has she unblocked?
How do people in the Google office see if someone says, "Add me in Facebook," or "Facebook me"?
How can I increase my Facebook revenue by giving discounts on products in Magento?
How can I change my likes on Facebook?
How did Mark Zuckerberg earn money when he started Facebook and turned the website into a billion-dollar company?
Why is Facebook trying to force me to use the app, instead of Safari on iPad?
How can I earn with my fb fashion page which has around 100k likes?
Are there ways to see some friends that want to hide?
Can my client pay for his Facebook ads if his page is in my Business Manager account?
How can Facebook be hacked with the SS7 flaw?
Why does Google use Workplace by Facebook?
How do I apply for a job at Facebook?
I'm American and I'm looking to make friends on Facebook who live in Ireland. How do I go about doing this?
What is the procedure to find out who saw my profile recently in Facebook?
Did you ever love someone so much that you end up getting blocked on Facebook \U0001f601?
Someone is trying to hack my Facebook constantly and I'm receiving password change requests. How do I secure it?
Is This rac?
How do I create an app like Facebook with an auto backup facility?
Where is my friend’s list?
How can my startup story be as popular as Mark Zuckerberg or Facebook?
I can't submit a Facebook disabled appeal, my account is currently disabled. What should I do now?
On which Facebook page or group can widowers be found?
Will deleting a comment on Facebook delete it everywhere or just on my device?
Is there a way to search specifically for business Facebook pages with no recent activity?
How do I prevent a person seeing my post in Facebook who is not a friend to me?
What are some new Facebook tips and tricks?
Why have the games like Millionaire City been stopped by Facebook?
Why do companies like Facebook and IMO pay stipends if the employees stay less than 5 miles from the office?
Why doesn't Instagram have react emoticons like Facebook?
What does increasing ad spend on a Facebook Ad Set actually do?
Who are the people behind faking news Facebook page?
One of my Facebook friends is monitoring my Facebook comments and reporting back to my girlfriend. How do I find out who it is?
Where can I watch the Facebook f8 conference online?
Does Facebook have an AdSense program like Google’s?
Which is most popular, email, Facebook, Twitter, WhatsApp, or anything else?
What script would I need to grant a redirect after a successful Facebook login app, if the app is hosted on a stand alone landing page domain?
I have already downloaded WhatsApp Messenger. Now, how do I start chatting?
What are the digital media strategy you used for relevant website traffic and lead generation apart from Google and Facebook platform?
Who can find out a person behind a fake Facebook account?
How do I promote my Indiegogo page?
Does Facebook prefer to hire developers who are active on Facebook as users?
Can I search for any Facebook account​ by an uploaded pic on that account​?
Is Facebook useless for students?
How can I connect my Instagram to my Facebook using my laptop, because I forgot my Instagram password?
Is there a grand piano at Facebook's Menlo Park campus?
How do I target FaceBook adverts to clothing brands?
How can I monitor and hack my husband`s Facebook conversations and WhatsApp account?
How can I get back into my Facebook account, using my security question?
Can you sue someone for invading your privacy? Like personal things, Facebook/phone messages, etc.?
How can I market a local medical spa on Facebook?
How can I hide my Facebook activity from my girlfriend?
What would happen to their respective companies if Mark Zuckerberg and Satya Nadela interchanged their posts with enough knowledge of the products of the other company?
What does "in a relationship" on Facebook in Mumbai means?
Why is there so much offensive material on Facebook?
What do the circles around the camera in Messenger mean?
What does Facebook use Git for?
How do I find out the email address associated with a private message sent to me through Facebook?
In the future, what company could possibly defeat Facebook in the social media industry? And why?
What would happen if someone tag a person on a video I shared to selected people on Facebook?
How do I hide my friend list on Facebook?
Can I connect my existing 8 Ball Pool, which is connected to my Google account, to Facebook?
Facebook says that they're not taking applications for blue checkmark verifications at the moment. How do you get one?
Can you see when a friend has viewed your Facebook?
What are Facebook's SWOTs?
Do Facebook users find Facebook less appealing since the removal of interest lists (adding pages to lists)?
How do I tell my autistic brother that he will never become a programmer at Google or Facebook, etc.?
How accurate is the Facebook audience size meter?
How many characters can we write if we post something on Facebook?
How do I do target marketing through Facebook boost?
How do I promote an online store or Facebook page in a different​ country​ (eg Australia)?
When Facebook rejects my page appeal, what else can I do, especially when I am confident that I did not do all of the things that the page is being accused of?
Why did Facebook ask me if I knew a specific girl from the suggestion list?
Is being an out-of-state applicant for a business job at companies such as Google, Facebook, and Apple a disadvantage?
What's the funniest/weirdest Facebook message request you've gotten?
How can I recover one post that I posted in a Facebook group if I deleted it unexpectedly?
When on Facebook Messenger, what does it mean when you see “video chat” under one of your contact’s name?
How do certain products (or news) that are not more special than others (fidget spinner, Facebook, etc.) become so popular?
Is it normal to brag about your academic grades on social media sites like Facebook?
Is it wrong to unfriend someone in my circle of friends?
How can I contact Facebook’s/Twitter’s CEO?
What are the best platforms to distribute your blog posts besides the usual Facebook, Instagram and EDMs?
Is there any Tamilian working in Facebook, Google and Microsoft?
Why do some follow unknown people on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and what is their actual intention?
How does Facebook ad work?
What are the best app to get auto comment on Facebook page or account?
Does Facebook provide any API to log in to an account with Python?
Can I host multiple Facebook live streams on a website?
Is it possible to look at items available in a Facebook merchandise store online?
How do you use a Facebook Pixel to create a custom audience of everyone who visits your website if it's installed on multiple websites?
How do I create a bot/website which can search for a particular hashtag or keyword on Twitter/Facebook from the people I follow?
Is it possible to use old versions of websites such as LinkedIn and Facebook?
What do you think about suicide on social media like Facebook? I just saw the news that a man is killing his baby, daughter, and himself.
How do I merge two FB accounts? Will I lose photos?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked me how I was doing?
What cool analytics stuff can you do with your Facebook messaging history?
How do I comment on a Facebook post and have it stand out?
What are the features of Facebook video post translation?
What is the most customizable plugin for Facebook photos / albums in WordPress?
What are the best interests to use on Facebook ads for watches?
How do I block Facebook on Safari?
How do I get people off Facebook and onto my website?
Does Quora sell data to Facebook?
If I were to start a Facebook group to discuss canonical events in Star Wars, how do I get people to join?
How can I download Facebook videos in an Andriod phone?
How can you go into a person's page that blocked you?
In what update where Facebook chat heads removed?
What should you say in your first chat with an unknown friend on Facebook if she is online?
Is it illegal for me to share a standard YouTube licensed video with my friends on Facebook?
Can I see “last seen” on Messenger if I am not her friend on Facebook?
What does it mean on Facebook Messenger when the status says active a minute or minutes ago, but the color green indicator does not show?
How do I avoid tagging on Facebook?
Why do exes tend to create fake Facebook accounts to spy on you? I mean, the relationship ended, so why spy on her/him?
Why is there no rival app for Facebook?
Why are engineers trolled so much on social media, especially Facebook?
Should I share my book cover and description on social networking sites before publishing it on KDP?
Is there still a chance in 2017 to compete with Facebook?
What URLs should I insert in Facebook ads, "view tags"?
How are ad blockers affecting journalism?
What is the proper way to absorb an existing Facebook page when you acquire a business and location?
Why doesn't Facebook care about UI?
Is it okay to accept a friend requests you get in Facebook without knowing them in person but you have mutual friends?
How do I view my Instagram activity on Facebook?
Does popularity on Facebook affect your popularity in real life?
Does Facebook help to get into a relationship?
How do I react thankfully on Facebook?
Is is possible to do affiliate marketing on Facebook directly without having any website or blog?
How do you see videos on Facebook with your phone?
How do my videos go live on Facebook?
Why does the person I search for on Facebook show up many times?
How do I use Facebook links on LinkedIn?
I've just joined Facebook. What are some things I should keep in mind? (while making my profile, posting, etc.)
What was it like to date Sheryl Sandberg?
Why is Facebook installed on Android 6 Sony Xperia X permanently and can’t be uninstalled?
How can anyone give up the addiction of Facebook?
Is it possible to know who has viewed my Facebook page?
If someone keeps blocking and unblocking on Facebook, does it affect the photo in search?
Do Aspies often have Facebook feeds with higher S/N ratio (especially to outsiders)?
How can I get the 2010 version of Facebook back?
Should I use int or VARCHAR in MySQL (or other databases)?
What does the green picture with wine on messenger mean?
How can I see which non-friends have viewed my Facebook page?
If I want to start up a social media site a little like Facebook, what is the easiest way to do it?
Facebook has expanded the content review team. Does it show that China's network management has something to learn from it?
Is Facebook a cult?
What do Facebook metrics like the total views of a page actually & honestly mean?
What rules does Facebook implement to claim companies’ trademarks?
How can find friends on Facebook by their IP?
Is there a significant risk involved in posting an image on Facebook that includes the license plate number on a relative’s car?
What happened to Facebook games?
Is making a fan page on Facebook or Instagram legal?
How can I reach someone in the Facebook Ads team? My ads don't work. The budgets are not being used, targeting variations are done, tickets are being raised, and nothing works.
How does Facebook still know my e-mail address after clearing my browser data?
Which WordPress plugin allows users to create business pages, like Facebook pages?
How do I make money from a fake Facebook account with 4000 friends and 1000 followers?
How do I find the location of a Facebook user?
AdSense ads are not showing whena user is coming from Facebook. Why is this happening only with me on Facebook?
Why do my friends’ profiles show eight pictures of their friends?
Why hasn't Twitter grown like Facebook?
Is there a way to upload a video with a photo album on Facebook?
When can I share a post from another page in a group from my new account so Facebook doesn't block that account?
Why do my questions not show up on my page?
Do cricketers have their own FB IDs?
Why can't I see my Facebook followers?
What does it mean on Facebook when it says contact?
How do I change the color of my comments in Facebook?
How much remuneration do people earn from verified account (Facebook/Instagram)?
Why are Facebook’s reaction emojis not animating on my Android (Marshmallow) device?
Did anyone try to make an alternate version of Facebook or Quora?
Why it is that someone sees my message on Facebook but "seen" does not appear at that time. After some hours it appears as seen hours ago?
Will I ever return to my Facebook sociability? Folks seem to worry that they haven't read my postings in 2 months.
Should I deactivate my Facebook account before I attend college?
How do I change my name on Messenger on my Android?
How do I add my Twitter account to my FB account?
Should I ask my fiance why she has blocked me on Snapchat, Instagram and Facebook? Should I just trust her?
Would you rather rule Facebook or Quora?
Can I hack Facebook accounts by using a rooted Android mobile?
Can a Facebook business manager account create a Facebook page?
Is there any channel similar to NatandLo for Facebook?
Why is it that some of the sponsored ads on Google and Facebook are linked to what you search for on the Internet?
How can I get licence key for Facebook tool kit?
How do I hack Facebook likes on Android?
What access do social networks (Facebook, Twitter etc) allow you to have on their users’ data and how real-time is that data? How can you use it?
What does Mark Zuckerberg do as he works 60 hours per week? Does he code or go to meetings and stuff?
Does a person know when I save his/her profile image on Facebook?
What tools did Mark Zuckerberg use to build Facebook, and what programming language are used at Facebook?
What would 9/11 have been like if social media (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.) had the same prevalence then that it does today?
How do I warn the Facebook CEO directly, without any third party?
What is Facebook actually meant for?
How do I convince my mom to join Facebook?
How can I use Facebook to get knowledge?
What is a content bucket in Facebook?
Will Facebook, Twitter, and WhatsApp lead to death?
What are the allegations against Mark Zuckerberg in the social network movie?
Is there an app or a script that will give you notifications about the activity of your "close friends," like what Facebook used to give, e.g., when they comment?
How can we post Twitter posts on Facebook automatically?
How do I find out Facebook user's email with Facebook ID or username?
My FB friend requests want my email to send me important information. Is this right?
What database or storage is used by Facebook to store its live streaming data?
I was an administrator of a Facebook group and I deleted my account. What happened with the group?
What should be the motive behind updating a story on Snapchat?
Is it bad for Facebook’s and Instagram’s branding to copycat tons of features from other apps?
What is the process of getting business page verification tick on Facebook?
I can't access my Facebook account because the confirmation code is being sent to my old mobile number, which I lost. What should I do?
Is Facebook a DDOS attack on humanity?
Is it really possible to hack someone's messenger acct?
What should I name my Facebook page which is based on affiliate marketing?
What are the main uses of Twitter and Facebook sentiment analysis?
Is it possible to access a Facebook account with two different passwords?
What is the diameter of a large graph (Facebook or Google graph) used for? What are the applications and some usage cases?
One girl “unfriended” me on Facebook and in turn it made me so disappointed that I blocked her. Was that the right thing to do?
Does changing your password on Facebook guarantee your hacked account is 100% safe now?
What are the signs that your Facebook page is being blocked?
What is the the structure of Facebook iOS and Android application?
How dangerous are pseudo-intellectual posts and channels on social networks (Facebook, Youtube, etc.)? How does it really affect a comman man like me?
Why do many people consider Facebook a waste of time?
What year did you start using Facebook? I started in 2011.
What will happen if I stop using Facebook and WhatsApp?
Can you explain these conflicting Facebook video metrics?
Does Facebook and/or Instagram watermark their users’ content?
How do I add pictures on Facebook to a gallery?
How many Facebook accounts does Jennifer Vincent have?
Is Gmail easier than Facebook to be hacked?
How can I download a Facebook video on my phone?
How can I log in to FB without a password or an email?
How can I intern somewhere like Facebook, Uber, or Instagram in San Francisco?
How often and for what type of posts do you use Facebook?
How can I tell if a friend I am following is excluding me from their posts on Facebook?
How do I make a good looking website like Facebook or Quora?
Are Apple, Alphabet, Facebook, etc., working directly to advance the field of health/medicine?
Should I quit Facebook, WhatsApp, and other social media sites for a better future?
Should I make a Facebook account if I am about to reach class XI or would it be distracting to me later on?
What circle in Pinterest posts mean?
Why are there less number of likes on Quora's posts on Facebook?
What is the minimum cost for Facebook ads in India?
How could Facebook's brain-computer interface become a mass market product?
Is Mr. Mark Zuckerberg’s personal e-mail address contact available, just for me?
Is it good practice to write likes and dislikes when the buttons are clicked directly to a database such as MySQL or put them in an async queue?
When is Facebook going to die?
How long does Facebook take to close an account in case of inactivity?
Why would my iPhone appear to be logged into my Facebook account as an iPad?
Should I post a picture of my (plastered) broken hand on Facebook?
How can we see others’ updates on Facebook without having a Facebook account?
How do you add a countdown to a Facebook page?
Why are there no dates/timestamps visible on the questions and answers in Facebook’s Help Community?
How many marketing tricks does Facebook have?
How does Facebook approve ads? How do they do it so quickly?
What will be happen with Facebook in future, let's say in two or five years?
How could they hack my Facebook account knowing that I have a strong password and I never visit phishing scam websites?
Other than Amazon, Facebook, etc., what are some other big companies that use mergers and acquisitions as part of their growth strategy?
What do the 5 dots appearing at the beginning of the Facebook Lite app mean? Does each dot represent any level of connection establishment?
How can I pay for a Facebook page in Uganda since I have no card?
What would Magic Leap do if Avegant & Microsoft teamed up to make a light field HoloLens?
Should I delete my Facebook account right now? I want to begin anew.
On my MetroPCS account, how do I get access to my second line?
On Facebook, girls get more likes and comments. Is the same thing happening on Quora?
Where will I find my friends on FB who want to be my friend?
How do I delete all Messenger messages?
How do Facebook chatbot platforms allow users to create bots tied to Facebook pages without requiring a Facebook app review for each new page?
Frequently, I visit someone's profile in Facebook, but I don’t get that person's name in the “people you may know” list. Why?
Is there any way to find out who had commented on your public post?
Why did you "unfriend" all of your Facebook friends?
Facebook Instant Articles Doesn't show Ads, can someone help?
Why does Facebook create a dark web website?
Should I send a girl that I only met once a friend request?
Can I Share a text file on Facebook?
Will Facebook be a good choice to post my song covers?
A has blocked B's account on Facebook. If C (a mutual friend of both A and B) comments on a post or a photo posted by A, will B be able to see that post or photo?
What is the use of a hashtag on Facebook or Instagram when uploading an image?
Can anyone spy on my Facebook?
If you read a Facebook Messenger message via a push notification without opening the app, will the sender see their message as being marked read?
Who can I hire to remove a fake Facebook account?
Do you think Quora will soon run promotions on paid advertisements from businesses just like Facebook to build revenue?
Does Facebook pay for likes on a page like YouTube does?
Have you ever had a change of heart due to a discussion in the Facebook comments?
What explains Author Nikita Singh's success? Does she really write good books (or) the 64k fans on her Facebook page are just fans of her prettiness?
Do you like your fans on Quora more than you like your fans on Facebook?
Is it a crime to look at someone's Facebook and Instagram PG?
Can I create a Facebook based visualization? If yes, how do I start?
Will Instagram, Facebook, and WhatsApp be blocked without net neutrality?
Will Facebook survive another 15 years?
Are Facebook Messenger’s “encrypted” secret messages easily monitored by Facebook, as they claim to be able to monitor certain behaviors and messages?
A person is using my old profile picture as his profile picture. He is accessing Facebook with another name. How can I find that profile?
Is the best way to reach potential users for a new app via Facebook, ads, or other means?
According to you, is Facebook a successful dating platform?
Lately I've been receiving friend requests from girls whom I don't know personally. What could be the reason?
What is India doing for Syrian refugees other than tweeting and sharing Facebook posts?
How can I make friends with English native speakers on some websites like Facebook and Twitter?
How can I find my friend’s Facebook account by only searching by contact number?
How do I find password of Instagram without Facebook?
How can I get the phone number of my friend on Facebook?
What is Google really scared of, other than Facebook ads?
How do I earn via Facebook and Instagram pages, likes, etc.?
What are some interesting secret Facebook groups?
Where did my Facebook location address go?
How do I write an effective and super convincing Facebook post to invite friends to attend an important event for charity that they can't ignore?
Are there any social networks that have a Facebook style theme?
Facebook was founded by five people. Why it is that Mark Zuckerberg is the CEO & not any other?
Does Facebook accept plugins created by individuals? What is the process?
How can I add a job tab on my Facebook page?
Who can I contact if I need to stop someone from using my email to set up a Facebook account?
What is the limit of Facebook friend requests?
How bad is Facebook addiction?
Can an engineering fresher student do a job at Facebook?
How do I do multiple posts in an FB group by posting once?
A has blocked B's account on Facebook. If C (a mutual friend of both A and B) comments on a post or photo posted by A, will B be able see C's comment or like on that post or photo?
Why is Facebook not working on Internet Explorer?
How can I target business owners on Facebook who are likely to be interested in online marketing?
Is there any Facebook or WhatsApp group for law aspirants?
How do I convert a comment into a post on Facebook?
How do I verify my entertainment website Facebook page?
Is there a way to prevent someone from following a Facebook Page without also liking it?
How does Facebook generate the "friends who will miss you" shown in the account deactivation process?
Why does the wrong image appear when I share a website or a post on the social networks?
Why do people always appear online on Facebook?
Is posting and sharing political stuff on Facebook bad?
How do I prepare myself to get into the data teams of Google, Facebook, etc.?
Is it possible to hack Facebook online?
How do I login to Google Play Games through Facebook?
How do I update my status to a client?
Is Facebook just a socially-accepted platform for people to brag?
Is it possible that other people can read my messenger?
How does Facebook know my friends?
I need to focus. How can I stop Messenger and all these apps that force me to receive messages and calls even when I block the notifications?
On a Facebook page, what ratio is good for the number of post reaches to likes?
Does Facebook show your profile to the people who have saved your mobile no. and are on Facebook?
I am trying to opening my Facebook account, but it reports an error due to some problem on the website. What does that mean?
To what extent do adults practice their freedom of expression on Facebook?
How do I delete my Facebook ID permanently?
Do common users more often use Facebook or Google authentication when they register for a mobile app?
How many users access Facebook Live via mobile?
Why don't Facebook ads have support?
Is there a way to fast processing the Facebook friends list?
Do you find it odd that Facebook, YouTube, and Twitter ban users for no reason but they won't ban accounts of Islamic extremists?
How do I set up a WhatsApp group so that only the administrator can see incoming messages and, when posting them out, all the participants are able to see them?
What is the best way to troll those spam Facebook messages from girls "looking to have fun"?
Why would someone who's not in my friend list show up in Facebook quiz results?
What can I do in Facebook so that on Tinder I will only be matched up with people who are NRIs and were brought up in the Arabian Gulf region?
How can I prevent someone from stalking my Facebook account?
Facebook has disabled my account, and my phone number is lost. How do I recover it?
Are there any Android apps that unlock in-app features using Facebook/Twitter link sharing?
Does Facebook allow businesses/startups to sell FB accounts or pages for automatic backup services?
Why do my friends on Facebook like others’ posts, but not mine?
How do I delete my Quora account, if I used my Facebook to sign in, and I am locked out of the email for my Facebook account?
How do I get more visitors to check my Facebook business page?
How do you remove pictures from Facebook?
Who is managing the Bangalore City Police’ Facebook page?
Will tech giants like Google, Microsoft, Amazon, and Facebook hire a statistician with a master’s degree?
What does it mean when there are pulsating circles around the video icon on Facebook Messenger?
Which encryption technique does Facebook use?
Why can't I convert my Facebook profile into a page?
Why did the "add friend" button disappear when I added someone on Facebook?
Will calls made in Messenger be added to my iPhone contacts?
Can brand pages publish branded content on Facebook?
In what other ways I can submit my CV to Facebook excluding careers.Facebook.com?
How does Chatfuel do to create a Facebook developer App for their users?
I accidentally tagged someone in a post on Facebook, but untagged them and blocked the page. Will the page get a notification?
Is Daniel Radcliffe on Facebook?
Do people still use Facebook (May 2017)?
I deactivated my Roku. How do I reactivate it?
Where can I find out more about Facebook artificial intelligence lab?
How can l enable a disabled Facebook account?
Did your life change after deleting Facebook and WhatsApp?
Can friend requests be sent to a deactivated Facebook account?
How do I look at my boyfriend’s messages on Messenger discreetly?
What type of engineering should I do to enter in the big companies like Google, Microsoft, and Facebook?
What is with Facebook advertising people that offer office jobs?
What's the average Facebook video ads completion rate?
Is life generally better with or without a Facebook account, for an unexceptional person?
Have you ever reached the end of your Facebook news feed?
Which credit card should be best for boosting posts in Facebook?
Why would a boy who liked you unfriend you on Facebook?
How did WittyFeed and its founders, Vinay Singhal, Praveen Singhal and Shashank Vaishnav, get verified on Facebook?
Theoretically, how would someone make a fake ID in Photoshop so they can send it to Facebook so they can get their fake account back?
How do I invite people who shared my content to like my business’s Facebook page?
I just saw the 2017 Facebook F8 and realized that AR is much closer to scale than I expected. How can I position myself professionally to make use of this?
How does Facebook earns per user?
How do I use a single name on Facebook page?
How do I track a Facebook post if the user set it for friends only?
What do people think about the new flower (thankful) react of Facebook?
Is Facebook keeping the ‘Thankful’ reaction beyond Mother's Day?
Does mailing at security@Facebook.com works?
How can I save videos or GIFs from Facebook or Twitter?
Why doesn't YouTube hire IITians like Google or Facebook?
How will you describe personalities of people using Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, WhatsApp, Snapchat and Quora?
How do I add followers rather than friends on Facebook?
If I deactivate my account on Facebook app then after when will I be able to log in again?
How can I download a GIF from Facebook?
Has Facebook ever thought of wiping out Amazon, Uber, foodpanda and other aggregators by connecting potential customers with potential service providers on its own platform? Aren’t most of them already on Facebook?
How do I create Facebook and Instagram outro cards on YouTube videos?
Where does Facebook get the external content such as news articles that appear in your news feed? Do external sources push or does FB pull the content?
How do you re-target marketing to people on Facebook who have downloaded your app from iTunes?
Is it illegal to hack Facebook messenger and post someone's messages?
Has anyone read posts by this page on Facebook by the name Mukhtasar?
Can class 8 students make Facebook IDs?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg taking a tour of the whole USA?
How can I find pending posts on Facebook?
What user profile information can I access from Facebook's Botkit tool?
How does Facebook, WhatsApp helps to grow in life?
Why is Facebook showing that my account has been disabled?
What is the coding to find the number of likes for a post in a profile?
What is the meaning of ROFL on FB?
How can I turn my friend requests on Facebook into followers?
Where did social media platforms like Twitter, Facebook, and WhatsApp store their data in their early days?
How do you tell if someone is declining your call on FB messenger or just not answering?
Could anyone figure out my Facebook profile based on my Facebook page?
How can I check if someone has blocked me on FB Messenger?
What are the best ways to use Facebook for company?
How do you earn money from Facebook videos?
How can I get a blue tick on my Facebook profile?
What are the drawbacks of installing the Facebook app?
How can I convert my Facebook profile to page a second time?
How do I get unlimited likes on Facebook?
A few months ago, I proposed to a friend of mine on Facebook. From that time she has blocked me and has not been in contact with me. How can I become her friend again?
A girl dumped me, deleted me on Facebook, and updated her relationship status with another guy the same day. Did she dump me for him?
How would you target people interested in buying lady's apparel with Facebook ads for LuLaRoe or a similar brand?
What would happen if nobody used Facebook anymore and switched over to another social media site?
Why do people, my so-called friends on Facebook, ignore me?
How do I get to the first comment when there are hundreds of comments on a Facebook post?
What are time saving ways to use Facebook?
How can I make money using Instagram or Facebook?
How can I promote my blog site using Facebook?
What are the DevOps jobs available in companies like Google, Facebook, etc.?
How can I get authentication from another Facebook user to access his/her profile details through Graph API?
If most Hindus & Muslims post good things about each other on Quora, then why are there hate speech, hate comments & hate videos on YouTube & Facebook?
How much would WhatsApp be spending on cloud services if it was not bought by Facebook?
When does Facebook or Messenger add someone to your favorites list and why?
Does Mark Zuckerberg use same version of Facebook that every other normal user uses?
How useless do you think Facebook is?
What is the use of Facebook to Mark Zuckerberg?
How can I get to the very beginning of a Facebook conversation without scrolling through all the years?
How susceptible is Facebook to a civil lawsuit or large fine by the FCC, given the recent slew of crimes broadcast on Facebook Live?
Is it possible to use the same Facebook account after uninstalling the Facebook app?
If you delete a message on Facebook, will it still be seen on Messenger?
How can I get more followers on Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, Twitter, Vimeo and my blog?
Why should I verify my Facebook account?
How can I get my Facebook friend number without asking him?
What is the use of a hashtag in Facebook and Instagram while uploading a picture?
How do I change my Facebook settings to “Global” so that anyone can read my posts at any time?
How do Twitter, FB, Instagram, LinkedIn, etc. interconnect? If you hashtag something, does the whole post show up on Twitter?
Which social media site is the easiest to get verified on, YouTube, Instagram or Facebook?
Whenever I try to send a message to my friend on FB messenger, it never gets sent. I see only a red icon in a circle. Why is this happening? Am I being blocked?
How can I see who views my Facebook account?
Why does Facebook keep lying about new notifications?
Can you still see liked posts by a person blocked on Facebook?
Are intellectuals less active on Facebook? It seems that Facebook is more of a self-branding platform than a "keep in touch" platform.
What is it like to be a back-end engineer at Facebook?
Is there any way to download all the content that I have posted in a Facebook group including all status and files?
How do I know whether my Facebook data engineer phone interview went good or bad?
What would happen if Facebook bought Twitter?
Can I change the Facebook page that is associated with my Quora account?
How can I delete an old Facebook account of mine?
Can Facebook send me another password through my Gmail account?
How can I read my husband’s Facebook messages?
How can I tell if somebody has more than one Messenger app?
Is there a Facebook plugin to display an entire album in Lightbox?
Do Google or Facebook developers copy-paste codes?
Why do people not like Mark Zuckerberg?
How can I participate in a Facebook marketing workshop in India organised by Facebook?
How do I change the location of my Facebook post without checking in?
What can I do to block a person and their posts on my business page?
How do I hire Facebook ads?
Why are most Indians making LinkedIn into another Facebook?
How can I directly put my photo from Facebook on Instagram?
Why doesn’t India ban Google, Facebook, and all other social media sites like China does?
Can you offer the best online courses for mastering Facebook advertising?
What is the best way to start a conversation\chat with a Facebook friend who is a writer and novelist and happens to be a girl?
What happens if I mark a conversation on Facebook as spam? Will it delete the conversation from my friend's account?
How do I get access to someone else’s Facebook account?
Why is Quora still behind social sites like Facebook, Instagram and Twitter?
Who all joined Facebook after they joined Quora? Why?
When I open my Facebook feed, why do I see too many models in Ujjain?
Do you like using live streaming on Facebook?
What could products from Google, Facebook, and Quora do differently if they were available as native desktop apps rather than only in the browser?
How did I get a friend suggestion without a suggester’s name?
How do I get a reply from a girl on Facebook chat?
What determines the 8 friends that show up on your Facebook page?
How do I get access to my Gmail & Facebook accounts? I tried with this phone. Google won't accept this phone number. I don't remember my passwords.
Why would someone ignore a friend request rather than simply responding to it one way or the other?
What does it mean when you get “has accepted your request on Messenger”, but you have talked before?
Do you have an idea what will be the next Facebook or Instagram within the next decade?
Why should we hate Facebook?
Who has used Facebook ads to help a daycare with enrollment?
Which Indian Facebook groups are popular for buying and selling things?
How can I know the Facebook login history of my Facebook friend?
Can you know what friends are following on Facebook?
Should I run more than one campaign for the same target at one time on Facebook?
How do I create a new Facebook account and make it hard for others to find me?
Could anybody help in product (services) advertising on Facebook?
How do you activate the ticker on your Facebook account?
What should I do when I tell someone I'm not interested in chatting on Facebook and they keep messaging me?
Is it true that you can see who visited your Facebook profile by seeing their IDs in View Source?
How many people left Facebook after using Quora?
Why have Facebook posts disappeared when I come back to them?
What are your views on the logical Indian Facebook page?
When Mircosoft paid 240 million for 1.6% of Facebook how did that value Facebook at $15 billion?
How does Facebook connect two users?
Is there any way to see the recently added friends of a person who's not on my own Facebook friends list?
If I write a letter to Facebook headquarters for Mark Zuckerberg, will I get a response?
Should Facebook have a duty to rescue a crime victim?
Where and how do you usually get swag bags at tech developer conferences (Facebook F8)? Does going earlier help?
Who are the people who search my Facebook account?
What are the pros and cons of a only using Facebook for a business’ online presence?
Do people ever have positive emotions towards a Facebook friend?
Why does everyone want to join Google or Facebook rather than thinking to build their own startup?
Why is the use of a fake account on Facebook prohibited rather than framed? I mean, most public figures change their name, so why can’t we?
What are the likely differences between how Snapchat and Facebook will implement augmented reality?
If one were to build the next Facebook what technologies would you use?
Can I apply for a job with Facebook/Google one year in advance?
Can I delete my Facebook account? Not deactivate it, I just want to delete it.
What does Mark Zuckerberg do at Facebook? Does he write code or do business negotiations?
How do I impress my Facebook female friends?
If I set chat to offline on Facebook and I log out and then log in do I keep appearing as offline or does it switch online and offline?
How can I make 5,000 Facebook friends in an instant?
Should YouTube adopt Facebook's 6 reaction buttons?
What tools do you need to build an app like YouTube and Facebook?
What is the status of Abu Saraf?
What might be the reason for suddenly decreasing Facebook followers?
How can I check my other Facebook friend lists?
Why do people post their status on Facebook as “Watching Bahubali 2"?
Can I see who someone's chatting with on Messenger?
Is there a problem with Facebook today?
What does Quora think of this skit by Neel Kolhatkar on "equality" that is currently going viral on Facebook?
How does Facebook decide which background color to use for link posts?
How can you find out when someone last logged in to Facebook, without being logged in?
Why am I not getting Facebook messages from people who are not on my Friends list?
Have Regina Dugan's results from Facebook F8 been reproducible by anyone else?
What are some interesting pages on Facebook to increase our knowledge?
What is a good return on Facebook ads for fashion and apparel?
Facebook is blocking me again & again, & I have to change my password every 2 hours, & I'm also unable to post my comment. Why is this happening?
Can the Facebook destroy our life?
Is it possible to fall in love with someone over Facebook?
Why did Facebook not approved my weight loss page for promotion?
Which social media platform is likely to fall first among Facebook, WhatsApp, Instagram, Twitter, and Snapchat?
How do pages like "did you know" get likes on their Facebook page?
Where did Twitter go wrong that Facebook didn't?
How can I see my other Facebook me?
What will be the scenario if Facebook and Quora are connected/linked?
Why do people get offended in Facebook's comment section easily?
How do I receive email notifications when I get a private message on Facebook?
How do I send a message when people like my page?
For systems having millions of users (such as Facebook, Twitter or some popular online games), how should the administration system be built?
What happens if you add someone on Messenger?
How do I reset the password of my Facebook account?
Should Facebook prevent crimes from being uploaded to Facebook?
Have you seen any Quoran on FB?
On Facebook Messenger, why does it say that “You are now connected on Messenger”, even when we are not friends on Facebook?
Would I be notified if someone reports me on Facebook?
Which is the best Facebook bot?
What does the green dot on Messenger mean?
Can I get 1000 likes in Facebook with zero cost and within in one hour?
Does Facebook allow external companies to provide interactive embeds on their feed?
Do the Illuminati exist? There is a group on Facebook which says that all of the terrorist attacks have been made by the CIA. Is this true?
Which is the best Facebook group auto poster?
How many are the data centers of Facebook?
Being an Indian, can I make Pakistani friends on Facebook? Is there anything wrong in that? I have seen some people making friends with them on Facebook.
Why do some people choose not to “like” someone’s post on Facebook intentionally?
What is one secret about Facebook?
Do your Facebook friends know what groups you join?
How do I find potential terrorists by analyzing their Facebook activity?
What could be the problem with my Facebook Messenger data consumption?
What is the best form of software to capture customer feedback from different, multiple sources, i.e. Twitter, Facebook, and other surveys? Does it exist?
What will happen if a rule is made to link your social account (Facebook, Twitter, Quora, etc.) to your Aadhaar card?
Why is Facebook popular when there are other social networks?
Facebook killer Steve Stephens is a Muslim. Do you have any thoughts about this?
How do I export a long Facbook comment thread into an editable format for publication? (Keeping the same "look" as the thread has on Facebook)
What happens to all the data if a company like Facebook goes bankrupt tomorrow?
How can Amazon Affiliate Marketing be done on Facebook if my page audience is global?
How can I check whom my girlfriend has been talking with on Facebook?
Why would my ex boyfriend add me on Facebook?
How do I find the exact time I have spent on Facebook in the last 30 days?
What would be the problem if I'm having high CTR (+5%) and low conversions on Facebook ads?
Has Facebook ever not functioned in a day?
What are the pros and cons if you make a habit of checking Facebook only once a day?
How can we increase our Facebook post likes?
Should I use a personal FB account for business marketing?
What are some privacy concerns when using Facebook?
So many young girls baiting themselves on social networks. Why?
What should I comment on a FB group picture?
Can I add my Facebook & Instagram page on my Android app without getting banned?
Do you know a website with a marketplace that lets people sell articles on their website/Facebook?
Why are Muslims who bash Modi like anything on Facebook so quiet on Quora?
What do IITians have to say about these lines floating on Facebook these days?
How can we get access to anyone's texts or Facebook account?
What does the thumbs up sticker in Facebook messenger mean?
Is Facebook News Feed a kind of runaway AI?
Why does Facebook show me "This feature isn't available to everyone right now" when I click the "How do I verify my page" link in the help center?
Will it ring if you call someone on Facebook Messenger if that someone is on a call?
Are they going to start charging for the use of Facebook by Saturday, May 27th?
Which is the post on Facebook from personal account containing maximum likes in the world?
How could one monetize Facebook's new camera effects platform? Is it possible to add links to the information bubbles?
How can I be completely offline while using messenger?
How do you make the crying emoticon for Facebook?
How do I stop using Facebook, WhatsApp, my phone and computer?
Why do videos on Facebook buffer slow?
How can a memorialized account just have joined Facebook Messenger?
How​ do I ask a girl​ for​ casual​ sex on Facebook?
How can I increase my fan page's Like count to over 100k?
What should Google or Facebook users be willing to pay so that it would be more profitable to charge users directly vs collecting user data to target ads?
What is the quickest way to increase Facebook engagement?
Why does Quora make me auto follow all my Facebook friends?
How do I get my email marketing subscribers to connect to my company's Facebook page legally?
What happens to the articles saved in Evernote and Pocket if the original page gets deleted?
Does Facebook messenger use data when you have wifi?
How can I make a post for “word of the day” for my Facebook group?
How can I get my Facebook back?
How do I know if I’m blocked on Messenger?
Does the average Facebook/Google engineer make at least $300k?
Is Messenger available in Spain?
Why do we use Facebook?
How can I retrieve my Facebook account from an old phone?
How can I make direct contact with Facebook help and support?
Where is Freeman Samson on Facebook?
Why am I getting "People you may know" friends suggetions on Facebook that are clearly in Arabic/Russian?
Is there any way to tell if someone has the Facebook app?
When will I know if someone can assist me in getting back my Gmail accounts & back into Facebook?
Are Facebook ads the best way to reach early adopters and users for a new app?
Is the war between Facebook and Snapchat a fake one?
What are the chances that Facebook will be blocked in the US?
How do I unblock a friend on Facebook who blocked me?
Why can't I secret message with just one particular person on Messenger?
How can I promote a Facebook page using the Facebook ads manager?
When will Facebook integrate moves into its Facebook app?
Would it be possible if you deleted a Facebook conversation to get a copy of all the messages from the other user?
How do Facebook reporting pages work?
Did Facebook get rid of smart lists?
How is Mark Zuckerberg so good at learning?
What is it about Facebook that makes it so popular?
Why am I getting topics in my news feed that I haven't selected?
Where can you view nude photos from Facebook?
How can you tell if you have been unfriended on Facebook?
How do I allow my Facebook friends know I'm on Instagram?
How can I see my wife’s FB messages?
Why is it that when you report a fake account on Facebook and the person uses a fake ID to bypass Facebook, it does not get disabled?
Can you see see how many people viewed a post or picture on your Facebook fan page, if it's not posted by you?
Will Facebook be interesting if I have no known friends?
How do I make a YouTube cover photo?
What are the proper dimensions for a FB live custom thumbnail?
How do I post a picture on messenger to my Android gallery?
How did Facebook provide security when they first started?
How do I make a "connect with Aadhaar" button for the purpose of signing up just like "connect with Google or Facebook"?
How do I find my Facebook contacts on Pinterest?
Did Facebook abandon the Groups app for iOS?
How important is it in 2017 to let users login to a new app via their Facebook account?
What could be the Facebook marketing strategy for an Elementary School?
How important is it to have a Facebook profile?
What are the best scientific magazines, blogs or Facebook pages in German?
Which books and websites do you suggest for studying for the Facebook data engineer interview?
Why doesn’t Quora provide an option of self-upvoting like Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, Instagram, or other social media?
How do I like a blocked Facebook image?
Why is Quora not as popular as Facebook, Instagram, and WhatsApp?
Should I directly ask a girl for a video call on Facebook?
Will you like, your fan from Quora more than, a fan from Facebook?
Is every Google and Facebook employee extremely talented?
Is Facebook’s Graph API free?
My FB posts gets good response in first 20-30 mins & after that its like nobody seeing it, not used to happen in the past, what could be the problem?
How do I export the birthdays of my Facebook friends in my 'Close Friends' list to Google calendar (just the close friends list, not everyone)?
How can I get an e-mail address of a Facebook account that is hidden in its basic info on Facebook?
What are the advantages of using Facebook advertising over GDN from an advertiser's point of view?
How do I create a memorable event on Facebook and Twitter?
How do I login to my FB account with a different number?
Why can’t people mention me in comments on Facebook? They have tried using the @ sign as well. Facebook does suggest my name, but doesn't create a hyperlink.
Is it important for the Facebook profile to be old enough for filling up tutor profile at Chegg.com?
How do I login to my other Facebook account without writing my password on my phone?
Should I make my fitness app a Facebook Messenger app instead of a mobile app?
What is a good average time on page for engaging content?
What are some sweet things you can post on Facebook?
How can I hack someone’s WhatsApp account?
How did memes bring changes to Facebook?
How does Facebook implement endless scrolling in Android?
How do I position multiple pages/URLs on one card, like Facebook, for Google Search?
How can I get back into my Facebook account when I’ve done everything the help center asks and I still can't get in?
Does Buffer or Hootsuite post on LinkedIn, Facebook and Google+ groups at the same time?
Are the binary trade experts advertising on Facebook genuine? Do they trade on behalf of others or just go quiet after money is transferred to them?
How would a supplemental request look like if it's a friend fixing a car?
Does Chrisfield MD have a back page for escorts?
Who should I follow on Facebook in 2017?
How do I load pictures from Facebook to an Instagram file?
How do I show a certain page on Blogspot without a sidebar (for example, the privacy policy page)?
Are frameworks for quantisation of apotheosis like Quora, Facebook and Twitter the direction of future apps?
Why did my ex look me up on Facebook when he has a girlfriend?
On FB Messenger, some people's statuses say "active on messenger," but my friend's just says "Messenger." What does that mean?
How do I stop people suggestion on Facebook?
Is Chrome compatible with Facebook's Gameroom?
Have you seen good outcomes from Facebook ads, boosting ads/posts, and others?
Is Facebook really helpful and necessary for a CSE student?
How do I add other social network links to my Facebook bio?
How can I find out who posted a confession on Facebook?
How can I unlink an Instagram account that's not mine from Facebook?
Why does Facebook send me email about notification on my fake account where there is nothing to show?
Can I customize MailChimp forms on Facebook?
Is there any way to block the ads from playing between Facebook videos?
How do I create an ongoing event on Facebook through my phone?
How can I recover a forgotten Facebook email?
Is there a way to import Twitter followers into Facebook?
How are ongoing events created on Facebook?
Does the order in which people appear on your Facebook stories section mean anything?
Messenger Day is not working on my phone. Why?
What is S.Q.U.A.T.S group on Facebook how they train?
Is there a social network better than Lykup? https://lykup.com
Why is the degree of blue color in Facebook app is not the same degree in Messenger app?
How can I find out who's looking at my Facebook account that's not on my friend list?
If I'm searching my husband's profile and I see the same person in his friends list on Facebook, what's the reason?
How can I invite more than one Facebook friend to join a group?
Why do people have to post food photos on Facebook? Do they think about those people out there who might have nothing in their cupboards to eat?
Is it possible to trigger feeds from an external app to Facebook's user feed based on geography and without users subscribing to the feed itself?
Is there any person who can get my Facebook page verified?
If I make a video ad for Facebook and have 50 friends react to it via a link I send them, will that help somehow with the Facebook algorithm?
Why shouldn't I join Facebook after my board exam?
How do I find out who my girlfriend is chatting with on Facebook?
How can I find people (is there a search function) via Facebook or Instagram that are living in New York?
What are some reasons why you would leave a friend request pending instead of declining it?
What happens when someone tries to log into your Facebook with the wrong password if you have a 2-step verification?
How many mobile application developers work on apps like Instagram, Telegram, Facebook, Airbnb, and WhatsApp?
How do I check my Facebook ID?
I think my Facebook account is hacked, but I can still access it. I find unusual activities in my account. How can I be the only one using my account?
How do I promote home business in Facebook?
How can we check our Messenger chat and calling history?
Is it distasteful to share your political opinion on Facebook and Instagram?
Which AI company is acquired by Facebook recently to grow its chatbot market against API.AI?
How many entities are there in the Nametests Facebook app, and what are they?
Why can't I send another friend request to a user who declined my first request?
If we make a picture that we are tagged in our profile picture on Facebook, will the existing likes add up to our profile picture?
Can I use Facebook’s public Niagara Falls images, or do they come under copyright?
Who liked BizWiser on Facebook?
How do giant sites likes Google and Facebook verify that a username isn't taken so fast?
Can I use photos uploaded on Facebook pages for my website?
How do I generate leads from Facebook, LinkedIn, etc. without using paid ads?
How can I change the privacy settings of my posts on Facebook so that the public can see them? Why can't I find the "Public" option anywhere in the privacy settings?
Does Facebook log comment deletions?
Why can't anyone see my friends list on Facebook?
Why is building a website like Facebook very hard?
What is a good giveaway idea on Facebook for makeup products?
What is the use of a page ID on a Facebook page?
Why isn’t Mark Zukerburg the richest person, when he owns 24% of Facebook, which has a market cap of $433 billion?
Why has my Facebook account been deactivated and what can I do?
What tool/script should I use to comment to all my sales posts on FB in order to bring them up?
How can I know the address of a person doing Facebook?
How can I use my Facebook group page to sell likes?
Why would somebody block me on Messenger, but not on Facebook?
Is Facebook going to charge in the future?
How can I collect the materials of a project in one place to be available for the other members without using Facebook?
How do I create a culture of stop asking use case?
Why is my Facebook Marketplace blocked? It says I have a billing issue with my payments in my support inbox.
If blocked on Facebook, am I blocked on Messenger?
What does it mean when the little blue icon stays white with a check mark on Messenger?
How can I reactivate a permanently deactivated Facebook account with a forgotten password?
Why is the Facebook security code not being sent to my phone?
Can anyone make money on Facebook?
What does it mean if my message request on Facebook is delivered - does that mean it has been accepted but just not read yet?
How do I know who is the admin for a Facebook group chat?
Why won’t Facebook Messenger let me unblock someone? Is there a limit on how many times you can block someone?
How do you decide what Facebook friends requests or suggestions to accept?
Should I discuss politics on Facebook?
Is it possible to trace someone's IP chatting on Facebook?
Why do I never get Facebook friend suggestions?
How does performance change with percent of lookalike change in Facebook audiences?
Is it possible to remove all my Facebook friends with one click?
How can I re-publish my Facebook page with 900K followers? I've already sent an appeal, but it was denied.
Is there any Indian who did an internship in Google/Facebook/MS/etc after their sophomore year of engineering?
Why do I daily check the FB status of my crush? How can I stop doing so?
How could someone bring Google or Facebook down? And I mean down for good, not only with hacks!
How much money do I have to spend on Facebook ads to get 1,000 views on my website?
Why do people like common pictures as opposed to glamorous or more meaningful pictures on Facebook?
How do people in Google see Google engineers using Facebook in office hours?
Does the admin of a Facebook page get to know that I invited people to like his page?
From the daily, weekly and 28 days data that Facebook provides, which one would be more relevant for my monthly Facebook page performance report?
Can I hire someone to make me famous on Instagram or Facebook? If yes, then how do I find them?
A friend started popping my chat bar, I didnt check her profile or messaged her, Does that mean that mean she checked my profile?
Why does the ZenPad 10 distort Facebook Live videos, and how do I fix it?
Is it possible to set up PHP or JavaScript codes in a Facebook profile and track visitors?
Is the popularity of Twitter and Facebook symbolic of a banal narcissist culture in which illiteracy has become the norm rather than the exception?
What are the best dimensions and resolution for a Facebook event banner?
What are your thoughts on Facebook advertising?
What is the site to check everything I share on Facebook?
How dangerous is Facebook newsfeed?
Should I accept a Facebook request of a friend of an old friend?
How do you stop getting notifications for other peoples' status and location updates on Facebook?
Why don’t I get likes on Facebook?
How do you prevent someone from accessing your email?
How can I delete incoming message from Facebook Messenger?
Why has the online viewing of people been removed in the new Facebook update of the app?
How can we generate more traffic from Facebook?
How do I know when my friends come online on Facebook’s new version (89.0)?
How do I find the most relevant interest keywords for Facebook ads interest targeting?
Was there a need for a "Like" button in Facebook?
How likely is it that Facebook and WhatsApp will be blocked by ISPs?
In WordTornado, in the game room on Facebook, how do I type the letters instead of dragging them when I am on my laptop?
How can I delete a post on Facebook?
How can you delete your inbox messages on Facebook?
How do I retrieve my Facebook account knowing that I lost my phone number?
Does anyone post little things (articles, comments and such) on certain people’s Facebook pages just to get a reaction?
Can others tag my name even though I deactivated my Facebook?
How can I delete my Messenger account created with my mobile phone?
How can I place an advert on Facebook?
How does machine learning improve advertising in Facebook in terms of revenue, CTR and/or average dwell time?
How do you add clickable social media links and websites to your Facebook account? The photo in the link is an example. http://imgur.com/a/0zWo2/
What is the best course to learn Facebook Ads?
When will there be more dead people on Facebook than living ones?
How do I use the same WebHook for multiple messenger apps/bots?
How do I create a blog in a group as my business Facebook page?
Do WhatsApp and Facebook play an important role in the IITJEE cutoff every year?
When someone is showing activity on Messenger, does it mean they are chatting?
How do I remove contacts from Messenger forever?
How do I see a sent request?
Does Facebook use FTP or cpanel?
Should I post my drawings on Facebook?
After the checkpoint ID verification, Facebook logs me into a new empty account. I have two accounts with one email. How does this happen?
Does the League of Legends API give Facebook basic information associated with a player?
How do I make best use of Facebook?
How does Facebook target and attract SMB advertisers to use their platform? What kind of channel marketing strategies do they employ?
Do media organisations receive any revenue from Facebook/Twitter for providing them with a newsfeed?
Why are some mobile app updates kilobytes in size, while others, specifically Facebook, are upwards of 35MB with almost every update they push out?
Is a Facebook account necessary to open an Instagram account?
Why doesn't Quora ban all Facebook users?
What is the best way to advertise music on Facebook?
Why does Facebook count a video view of only three seconds? Isn't that a bit deceptive for advertisers?
Someone I know posted pictures of me on Facebook. What can I do about it? Facebook has not responded to my complaints about this. Who polices FB?
Is it possible for a software engineer to retrieve Facebook deleted messages?
How can you tell if someone is on a call on Facebook Messenger?
How do I create a Facebook account without getting disabled again and again?
Do you have to be Facebook friends with someone in order to Facebook message them?
How can I find who I have friended on Facebook?
How can I determine what to use for my Facebook or LinkedIn profile?
Can you login to your Instagram business account with a linked Facebook account if you forget your password?
When do you think Facebook will launch its augmented reality social platform?
How do I create an account in Facebook yellow account?
I was denied access to a site saying account service was limited. The message was from siteground. What should I do?
Which website carries the most current information on Facebook marketing?
What is your review of the GateOverflow website and Facebook group?
When someone posts something to your general feed on Facebook, can you hide that post but let the person who posted it still see it?
Can I add my downloaded information from a second FB account into my current FB account?
How can I prevent my Facebook avatar from showing up in the comment sections of websites and blogs I'm not connected to?
When did you realize that Facebook is a waste of time?
How do change username of Instagram in Facebook?
Why do people use Instagram? Is it better than Facebook?
How much data is consumed in a video call via Facebook Messenger?
How do I go to my Facebook archive?
How do I know how many followers a company has on Facebook?
How do I create a photo uploading website?
How can I stop getting unfavorable posts in my Facebook newsfeed from my friends?
Why do people like a person's post on Facebook even when his state of mind is totally disturbed?
What is another online tool to discover popular news/viral news, other than Facebook Signal? Signal only opens for US journalists.
Why do people air their bad feelings towards a friend or relative on Facebook?
How can I view an old message from Facebook that I already deleted?
Why are some photos invisible in Facebook albums?
Is it possible to track your IP address or location from a Facebook comment? Can my location be tracked via comments I've made on Facebook posts?
How has Facebook's company culture scaled with growth?
Can someone be active on Messenger but have the active time stamp show they are not active?
What does a social network have to have to become successful?
Can a friend see the last time I was on Facebook?
Why do phone manufacturers not allow Facebook Live videos to be filmed in the horizontal format?
How do I transition a viral content Facebook page to a business direction?
How does Facebook’s 360 degree camera work?
How do I get the data set of Facebook for research work?
How are your Facebook friends, family and acquaintances demanding?
Is there any other sailing social community besides Facebook?
Can I get my BSNL number back if I used that number 2 years ago? I urgently need that number to get back my email, Facebook, etc.
How could they create Facebook?
How do designers at Facebook feel about being asked to blatantly copy the UI and product mechanics of Snapchat?
How can I access the Facebook account of someone using my WiFi?
Can we follow a post on Facebook without becoming friends?
Where are the best places to promote your B2B content outside of LinkedIn, Twitter, Quora, Google+, and Facebook?
Do I get calls from Facebook Ads?
What email address is Jules Bonnot’s Facebook account linked to?
What naming conventions does Facebook use for its database? Why?
What would Gordon Miller have said about Facebook had it been presented to him 15 years ago?
It has been a month since I used Facebook and WhatsApp. Will this have any effect on me?
How do I make friends on Facebook who are close to where I live?
Can I receive a notification on Facebook via my phone that someone has sent me a message, but did not use Messenger?
Why is it in Facebook groups regular members and some new ones are able to join the conversation easily while some others are met with silence?
How do big companies like Google, Facebook, and Amazon generate test data?
What are the benefits of Facebook Live for businesses?
How Facebook valuation is done?
Facebook and Instagram's new algorithms make social marketing impossible without money. What's the next frontier of free social marketing?
How can we disrupt Facebook, Snapchat, Instagram, and Twitter?
One of my roommates accessed my phone and hacked my Facebook profile. He changed my email ID and phone number. Is it a cyber crime?
Are you using Facebook or any other apps or web contents in your native language and how matured is the language on internet?
Can you trust Facebook's data?
What is the best free Facebook bot to boost engagement?
How has Facebook's Reactions feature been received in 2017?
Why do beautiful girls have so many followers on Facebook?
How do I find out what the highest rated place is that I visited on Foursquare?
How can alcohol brands like Jack Daniels advertise their products on Facebook?
Someone is using my photo and created a fake Facebook account. What should I do?
I need to access all Facebook business pages in an area and get its likes, comments etc for my app. How can I do it?
How do you spot a fake Facebook email?
How can I get into someone else's Facebook?
Why is the Internet gamified to be fundamentally inauthentic while conditioning us to be narcissists rather than adding educational value to the web?
How do I get enough response from Facebook users who are intended to study abroad?
How much time needs to pass so that Facebook will send all of your friends a notification that you posted something after a long time? Is it maybe 15 days?
How do you send and recieve hidden messages on Facebook?
Why does my friend tag me on Facebook by replying to a random comment on the post instead of just tagging me by commenting on the post directly?
How do developers use Redux in Facebook?
Are Instagram and Facebook harmful to teens?
How can I get a new “who liked” activity log (all in one/counted by numbers) on my old Instagram account?
How do I make a new temporary account on Facebook while having my main account blocked for some time due to violation of rules?
Are affiliate links accepted for paid ads on Facebook, Google and other search engines?
Can I bring down Facebook accounts with DDoS?
What other sites are there other than Facebook, Quora, YouTube, Insta and WikiPedia?
How long will Apple, Facebook and Google last?
If a fake Facebook account has been created in my name, then what should I do?
Who is the most popular person on Facebook?
How can I scrape hashtags from Instagram, Twitter, Facebook and other social media sites?
How can I take maximum use of a Facebook page having 90000 likes with 60% user engagement?
Is it possible to make money through troll pages / Facebook troll pages?
Can depression patients sue Facebook?
How can I show offline on FB Messenger but still be online?
How does Facebook know if the person is alive or dead? How is it sharing the memories message of a person if he's dead?
Is it just a coincidence that Mark Zuckerberg created a system of manipulating the population just like his grandfather did?
How do I get my friends list from the account that was disabled by Facebook?
Why can Facebook still not deploy effective real-time content moderation A.I.?
How do I flower react on Facebook?
What is the most effective source of traffic apart from Facebook?
What are the pros and cons of uploading a 360 video on YouTube, Facebook, and Littlstar?
What does the Facebook app Katana do?
How many of you feel that Instagram, Snapchat and Facebook have robbed you of our ability to live in the moment and make memories with loved ones?
Why do the majority of Millennials see invasive tech companies like Amazon, Google, Facebook, and Apple as their friends and want to kiss up to them?
How do I target people who visited a website’s page on Facebook Advert?
How is it that a successful Facebook ad will run really well for a while and suddenly dive, producing hardly anything?
What do interns at Facebook wear?
How is Facebook Marketplace doing compared to Craigslist (May 2017)?
How do I meet someone at Facebook who can help with my unpublished page?
How can I target leads on Facebook? Do I need to create a page for the business?
How much can a person earn if he has more than 10,000 likes on his Facebook page?
I have my Facebook account scheduled for permanent deletion . Is there anyway I can log into messenger without pushing my deletion date back?
Can we influence teenagers to use Quora rather than wasting time on Instagram and Facebook?
What are the best creative way to increase your presence on Facebook?
How do I show no friends on my time page?
Does YouTube video View count include views from Facebook shares and website embeds?
Where can I find out more info on the Facebook creative effects platform?
How can I see what date two people became friends on Facebook when only one is my friend?
What are Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube's target audiences for Googly Balloon Game?
What's the best local businesses website or Facebook groups?
What is a graceful way to delete my Facebook when others enjoy following my pages?
How do you reset a forgotten password and email on Facebook?
How I can follow my Facebook's friends here?
Why do some developers at very large tech companies like Google and Facebook write poor software?
Why do social media sites like Facebook and Pinterest allow users to download images while they have no copyright?
What are some of the Facebook tricks only coders can do?
Why do the Japanese seem to take a long time to warm up to new technology (e.g. Facebook, etc.)?
Which social media site is a major competitor to Facebook?
How does Facebook know who my associates are?
What does 40m mean, when it’s next to a name on Facebook?
Can I block or filter words on Facebook reviews?
How does Mark Zuckerberg justify his efforts to diminish privacy on Facebook?
Why would Facebook use SurveyMonkey when it already has a giant user base to send surveys to?
Should Facebook take down its live feature entirely after people have uploaded killings and suicides (and other atrocious acts I don't need to mention)?
Why is my Messenger app gray instead of blue?
How was Facebook made?
What version of the Tim Farron and voter story (4/5/17) is on your Facebook feed?
How can I access someone’s Facebook?
Have you ever reached a customer service representative with Facebook, for help with your Facebook business page?
When you block someone on Facebook, can you still see the profile of the person he/she is in a relationship with (on mobile)?
What is the code base for Facebook?
Does a human validate LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter profiles of a Quoran, before giving verified badges?
Why is a friend always stalking me on Facebook but rarely likes my posts?
What are the simplest tools for automated Facebook/Instagram ad campaigns? I know of Hootsuite, etc., but they seem to be overkill and complicated.
What would happen if the web page I'm trying to post has no header?
How do I respond if someone spells something wrong in their comment on Facebook?
How do I delete friends messenger?
Facebook was created as a desktop version and uses a MySQL database, then they made a phone version (iOS, Android). How do they use the MySQL database in iOS or Android to recognize their users?
Does FB Messenger also have a hidden status folder like WhatsApp’s?
Should I open my girlfriend’s FB account?
Why does Facebook create Instagram accounts for people that have not given their consent and who are unaware?
What will happen if Facebook is closed forever?
How can I get auto likes on my Facebook page likes, like 500?
How can you send a message to someone's inbox on Facebook?
Why is Amazon and Facebook going out of business?
With Facebook crossing more than a billion users, is it possible for a new startup to compete and win against Facebook?
Why is Facebook not allowed to use in China?
Which programming languages were used to create Quora, Facebook, Paytm, Flipkart, Amazon, Twitter and Gmail respectively?
One of my friends has put some anti-reservation comments on an anti-reservation page on Facebook. Now some people are threatening him to put a false atrocity case. Is this possible?
How can I see my friend’s deleted Facebook picture?
Does Facebook actually review disabled accounts if users provide their actual name, ID, or email?
How do we understand the context collapse in Facebook?
Do you get notified when someone reacts to your message on faceboook? Do you get a notification when somebody else reacts to an old msg on Facebook?
Is there any software to hack Facebook (include illegal ways)?
Where do I find information or someone with experience on how to migrate a personal FB profile to a business profile page?
Why can't I see my photos and friends’ photos on Instagram and Facebook?
Why doesn't Facebook allow me to download my data to my app easily?
Can I remove my phone number from my Facebook page after it gets the blue mark (verified)?
How can connections in LinkedIn be made without providing a Facebook email ID?
What could be the best replacement of Facebook in the near future?
Was Facebook's beloved purple flower emoji only for Mother’s Day? Why? Why did they remove it?
If some people blocked me on FB Messenger, can I block them, too?
How can I recover my Instagram account which is not linked to Facebook?
How do I recover my disabled (temporary) Facebook account without having an email account associated to it or only by mobile number?
How do I write great content for my fan page?
What does (Request $request) mean in Laravel?
Do Periscope and Facebook give an advantage to people to talk about anything they want indirectly rather than face to face?
How do I report Facebook hackers?
How do I embed an entire Facebook album to my website?
Is Software Engineering at Amazon much different from Facebook?
If someone untags themselves from a photo I posted, can I retag them?
What’s the most unique way to find socially influential students?
Is the Facebook Litho Android UI framework stable enough to be used in production?
If I reactivate my Facebook account will my comments be the same?
Is it possible to create a Facebook page that searches and posts content by itself using Machine Learning or Deep Learning?
What happened to the Facebook Affinity Score?
What would be the best way to submit an idea to Facebook executives in order for it to have a good chance of being implemented by Facebook?
Does Facebook freeze profiles after not using them for a while?
What should I do? My Facebook is disabled for 72 hours officially. Are you sure I will recover it?
How do I change a welcome message on meetup.com? The help page does not reflect the options available on the page.
How does Facebook calculate page responsiveness?
Is Facebook necessary for daily life?
Are there any survey tools that allow to grasp Facebook likes?
Were can I find one of Facebook’s media partners?
How long do you spend on social software every day (such as WeChat, Facebook, and Twitter)?
Can I change the emoji if someone has blocked me from Facebook Messenger?
What are some basic apps for maintaining a Facebook page?
How long does Facebook keep the details (such as IP address, etc.) of a deleted Facebook account?
What are payloads in a Facebook messenger bot, and how do you manage them?
Can I use the same bot that I use for my Facebook page to mine in-app Salesforce-powered chat?
Can I talk to somebody in Hong Kong using Facebook Messenger?
What are the reasons why I should switch to Google Allo instead of Facebook Messenger?
How does Silicon Valley feel about Facebook's lack of creativity as it constantly steals ideas from startups?
I have five years total from Apple and Facebook. Why am I not getting interviews from Google after applying?
How come Kevin Systrom is still the CEO of Instagram, when Facebook has bought it?
Why can't I get an email confirmation in order to change my email address on Facebook?
How do I recover my Facebook account when I don't have my same phone number or email?
How can I use Facebook from the USA while in India?
How can I join you on Facebook?
How do companies like Google, Yahoo, Facebook, etc. store data so that the data is preserved even after their storage drives crash/fail?
Should India ban Google & Facebook?
Which one is more addictive: Quora or Facebook?
How can I make my Facebook impressive?
How does "trusted accounts" security on Facebook work?
Could I get reward points from sending money to another person on Facebook on my credit card?
How can I get the IP address of a deleted Facebook account?
How can one trace a Facebook account even if the phone being used is offline?
Why do my friends and family get more likes on Facebook than me?
Is the "last used date," for apps on Facebook really accurate?
How is the monopolization of the Internet by Google, Facebook, and Amazon destructive?
Why do random people on Facebook have thousands of followers?
Will you join Facebook if you joined Quora first?
Will I get in trouble for hacking myself on Facebook/Twitter/Quora?
In a Facebook post, someone referred to Obama as Diaper Boy. What is that?
Why will Facebook be blocked once net neutrality is gone?
Is there a way to embed YouTube videos in Facebook that will autoplay?
A friend asked me to meet after the exam, but when I called her afterwards she didn't answer and blocked me on Facebook. What could have happened?
Can I get another email address on the same account for my Facebook account?
What would happen if it is compulsory and a must for everyone to own a Facebook account?
Is it insensitive when a husband continues to like FB posts of someone he knows you are no longer on good terms with?
Can “actual reach achieved” on Facebook Business Manager be more than the “potential reach”?
How do I target sons/daughters on Facebook?
How do I know the top influencers in Facebook in tech niche?
What does a small green light next to a phone icon on a person’s Messenger page mean?
How do Facebook page admins earn money?
Can I see chats from someone that's not my friend?
How could I find out the cost of a Facebook ad campaign that could reach 140,000 Facebook users in 1 year?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked “How am I doing?” and I responded “Great.” with a smile. What's wrong with that?
Is there a way by which I can delete all my previous content in my Facebook account?
How do I get a blue tick mark on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram?
Why do we waste our time on social media?
In Facebook, why do I see that one of my pages has groups and can create groups and link them?
Does Facebook read every resume?
What is the "username" feature for a Facebook page?
How do you compliment a girl's picture on Facebook?
What would be the best way to do a Facebook Live comedy show?
Why should one stop using Facebook and Instagram?
When you message someone in Messenger and it says this person is not available right now, what does that mean?
How should I dig into AR inspired by the F8 event?
How do I find a friend’s Facebook username using their user ID number? Please be explicit.
How was your experience with Facebook at Work?
How do I be famous in Facebook? And get a lot of followers?
What are the pros and cons of being a friend of your lover on Facebook?
How can I add a Facebook close friend and family list as a shortcut?
How do I see Facebook photos using inspect elements?
How do you see a blocked page on IG?
Does Facebook still load old messages, when added into a group chat?
When will Facebook decide to deprecate stories?
How do I get a Facebook verification code?
Do you think spending too much time on Facebook can make you envious of others?
Is there a jailbreak tweak on iPhone to remove Facebook app news feed?
People from my past are showing up on Instagram "based on likes", and on Facebook as "suggested friends". How do Facebook and Instagram generate these suggestions?
How do I create Facebook app like this?
How do I change my friend’s profile pic on any of his accounts (Gmail, Facebook, or WhatsApp) without using his password or knowledge - just for fun?
What would a guy think about a girl when she adds him on Facebook after they met only once?
Can I find friends in Facebook via their phone numbers?
What other reaction emojis would you want Facebook to introduce?
What is the best Facebook auto-like software?
Is Facebook generating any profit from 0.Facebook.com?
Where can you view photos removed from Facebook and Snapchat?
What are the positions in businesses like Facebook, YouTube, and such companies? What are their purposes (from servant to CEO)?
Is Quora's marketing team not as good as Facebook's marketing team?
Does Facebook try to limit the visibility of posts that contain complaints/grievances about Facebook?
I have a friend request notification on Facebook. How do I find out who the person is who sent the request?
If my FB page reaches 1000 likes, will I get 100 likes per post?
What happens when you login to Instagram with Facebook?
Which is the best FB status for a selfie?
How did Facebook gain new users in the early days?
Did Mark Zuckerberg really need the 1B to invent/make Facebook, or could he have done it with, say, £1000?
Why am I getting duplicate Facebook icons on my phone?
What is the difference between Facebook, WhatsApp and Quora? In terms of addiction, are all of them the same?
How do I make Facebook trust my account and enable the postpaid ads for me?
How can you see who you have poked on FB?
Why is it that when I click on my followers page, this comes up: “you cannot open this page”?
Is it possible to use old versions of social media websites such as, LinkedIn or Facebook?
How should I go about recruiting people to help run my 18+ Facebook group?
Does Facebook control which comments I see? The top comments below the popular posts always seem to agree with my political views, and that's worrying.
Would Facebook get rid of its group feature?
Can I share a video from Facebook to WhatsApp directly?
What are the chances Google or Facebook would hire a foreigner?
Is Facebook tracking WhatsApp messages or getting search tracking from Google?
Are there any restrictions for advertising an Amazon listing through Facebook ads on either end?
How do I get my Facebook password back even when I have my original number on my account stolen but now I have another mobile number?
How do websites like Facebook and Twitter convert their web applications into mobile applications?
Does Facebook show the phone number which you have for account verification purposes?
Why are Indians not able to build a successful and popular social media website like Facebook, Twitter, Myspace, LinkedIn, Quora and many more that have millions of users?
Why do internet providers want to block Facebook once net neutrality is gone in the US?
Where can I find a Facebook post of this video, https://youtu.be/SBTW5NrCA0c?
...
Why aren’t Facebook reaction emojis animated on my Android (Marshmallow) device?
I am getting too many fake profile requests on Facebook since February, 2017. Is anybody else facing the same?
What would happen if Facebook bought Snapchat?
How do I put a text notification on my Instagram and Facebook pages?
What actually is Facebook's Flow? What does it help with?
How do I get 5000 Facebook friend requests in one day?
Is there a simple way to identify the original post or video ID in Facebook Ads Manager reports?
How much money would Facebook lose for a 10 minute shutdown?
Why is Facebook reading my private conversations?
Have Facebook and Twitter done a form of price dumping by offering services, that cost them money, for free to users to eliminate any competition?
Is there currently a US Army base in Accra, Africa? I have received a Facebook offer of romance saying that he is currently serving there.
What should I say to a girl on Facebook who is asking for my "exact" address (which I don't want to share) without hurting her?
Is it possible to read Facebook messages without the recipient knowing?
Is Facebook Live better than Periscope?
Does the Facebook website use the same JSON responses as the app? On the website do they render all their pages on the client side?
How can I send a message that a person blocked me on Messenger?
Is it possible to add Facebook events to Google calendar?
How do I find influencers for cosmetics in Instagram and Facebook?
What should I do if Facebook is not working on Internet Explorer?
How can I hide my likes and comments from friends' news feed?
Who is Wornies? Why am I seeing Wornies in almost every Facebook post?
How do I get a reply from a girl on FB chat?
Will Amazon/Google/Facebook ever be overtaken by similar companies or are they permanent superpowers?
What is your opinion regarding the current quarterly results of Facebook Q1FY17?
How can one generate leads through Instagram and Facebook?
Can we (humans) expect a good life and living without social networking sites like Facebook, Twitter, Quora, WhatsApp and more?
How do I restore my old Facebook account if I forgot my password and email address?
Do people care about "likes" on their posts on social networks, like Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, etc.?
Facebook is hiring 3,000 to review videos of crime and suicide. Would you consider applying for this type of job and if yes, how would you cope?
How many, if any, North Koreans use Facebook?
In Facebook ads, can we target company names or company CEOs?
How do I enable the “seen by” option on a Facebook post?
How can I receive a WhatsApp verification code through Facebook?
What is the current ballpark developer rates for simple Facebook Messenger Chatbots?
Can the police interrogate me over a post on Facebook about constitutional rights in America?
How can you tell if someone has deleted Messenger?
How else can Facebook make money apart of ads?
Did I win a promotion on Facebook?
Is it awkward to send friend requests to your future classmates after you get into and commit to your dream university?
Why is there partiality on Facebook?
What do photos look like in Facebook data downloads?
Is it hard to be hired by Facebook?
How do I find people on Facebook using their other app IDs?
Should I add my (former) TA on Facebook once final grades are released?
How many posts should we post on a Facebook page every day?
How do I see all likers (people who have liked a page) on Facebook?
What will happen if I delete my Gmail account? Will it delete everything that I used my Gmail on like Facebook or sites that I put my Gmail in?
How can I remove a comment on Facebook?
Do Korean people change their Facebook profie picture in support of President Moon?
Will this Facebook advertisement be less expensive if I remove the "sign up" button?
If someone deactivates his account on Facebook, then will his number be visible to his friends?
Can Facebook identify who in my Android contacts has Facebook profiles, but check all my contacts at once?
What good name can I give to my Facebook page?
How do I secure my Facebook account when someone reports me?
What is the coding to find the number of likes in Facebook?
How much time do Facebook take for account verification?
How can I find a holiday destination based on a Facebook profile?
What is better: to let guests know who are the other guests of a party or not letting them know that in advance?
After I was terminated, one of my old employees accessed my personal Facebook account via my old work computer. Can I sue?
I saw a girl on Facebook and was intrigued by her. I sent a friend request and also messaged her, saying she looks great. Is this how to approach people on Facebook?
How can I turn all my Facebook requests into followers?
How do I know if someone is on their phone through Messenger?
Do Facebook friends receive my posts?
If someone blocked me, but I don't block them, can they still see my timeline?
How would you know if your call had been rejected on Facebook Messenger?
What do the numbers on a Snapchat profile mean and how do they increase?
Why do the friends of old male friends from elementary school add me on Facebook?
Is there a tool that you can plug in a list of Facebook page URLs and get back a list of the corresponding number of Facebook reviews as well as star ratings?
What's the best way to auto-post to a Facebook buy/sell group?
How does someone hide their green dot on Messenger, but still say active now?
How much stock have Facebook employees received as of 2010?
Are Facebook users narcissistic?
How can I read a Facebook message without the Messenger in my Gmail?
How can I get my pic deleted from Facebook?
What is the average click per impression for Facebook ads?
How do I know if someone has looked at my Facebook profile?
What are best marketing models for video tagging applications like Facebook photo tagging which you can tag people in a video?
What can I use instead of Facebook?
What does circle with tick mean in messenger?
Are fb hacking sites fake or real?
What was Mark Zukerberg, Evan Spigel and Jack Dorsey’s salary at the founding stages of their companies?
Considering the role social media has played in spreading political news lately, would Mark Zuckerberg have an unfair advantage if he ran for office?
How do I fathom if a Facebook phone interview went good or bad?
Why aren’t my messages sending to one of my Facebook friends?
My mum constantly posts photos of me on Facebook, how can I get her to stop? I'm sixteen and I've tried telling her to stop but she won't.
What is Facebook's Jest project?
Is there a way to download a video from Facebook which have been removed?
Why would a guy undo his like on my Facebook photo?
Can I make a Facebook Live video in a public area?
If you block a friend on Facebook, can they still see your page?
How do I remove email suggestion on Facebook log in on my phone?
Is there any group online which shares information about fashion on Facebook, and how does it work?
What do you think about Facebook Messenger?
What is the song used in Facebook's birthday recall videos?
What are some websites like Facebook that gives users an option to upload their government id?
Can someone see if you've deleted the Messenger app?
How do you receive Facebook messages on an Android without letting the sender get a blue circle (the one before “seen”)?
Does Facebook really impact your business?
How much should I charge to manage an Instagram and a Facebook page?
How do I increase a Facebook fan page’s organic likes?
How can my video be shared by the big pages on Facebook?
How do I save campaigns in Facebook Ads Manager?
How can I take down a fake Facebook profile? It is harrassing me and I'm isolated and depressed.
Can I see whether someone views my Facebook account a lot?
Is there anyone on Quora who uses Facebook frequently but still maintains a good code of conduct throughout his day?
What would happen if Facebook removed or hid the contact button from the Messenger app?
How do I stop showing videos you may like on Facebook?
How do you access secret Facebook groups?
How can I grow my Facebook fan page without getting blocked, considering the Facebook restrictions?
What are the pulsing rings around the video chat in Messenger?
Does Facebook have a program to support startups building products in its ecosystem?
Why does it show that someone is active on Facebook Messenger when I'm not even Facebook friends with them?
How can I make Google photos my default download location for Chrome, Facebook and Twitter photos?
What is the strategy about optimizing related ad keyword classifications on Facebook?
How do I turn off the message preview from the Facebook Messenger app in iOS 10.3?
What are the struggles or the toughest times of Facebook and Google companies?
How can I earn from my Facebook page if I have 5000+ likes?
Can I use Facebook profile data of a user for commercial purpose after getting permission from the user?
How can I play Clash of Clans in Facebook?
Can anyone use my Facebook account with the correct password without me getting any notifications on my account?
Facebook is available in 11 Indian languages, but I still don't see much use of it. Why don’t people use their native language on Facebook?
What are the major technologies being used in tech giants like Google and Facebook? I am from a programming background and currently working for Wipro.
Is it possible to fetch other users’ data from Tumblr?
Why is my Facebook profile page still appearing while it is already set for deletion and my account should be already deactivated?
How do I gain access to a Facebook account that I have personal information on but no password?
How do I pass username and password of Facebook in URL?
How do you hide groups on Facebook?
How do I respond to the question “Do I know you?” on Facebook?
Is Facebook’s Senior Director level a grade 9?
When Facebook started, what was its purpose?
Is posting a photo with a celebrity a violation of Facebook community standards, especially when they agreed to be photoed but are unaware of its use?
What should I comment on my boyfriend's photo on Facebook?
Is it true that Facebook earns more money by advertisement rather than through its application and products?
Why does Facebook allow livestreaming?
What does Facebook actually do when I mark that I ignored a friend request because I don't know that person?
How do I search for someone who is not on Facebook or Google?
How can I see who viewed my Vkontakte photo?
Whar are some popular Facebook pages or websites which post facts about different languages?
Can you tell if someone visits your Facebook profile?
Why does a person’s private Facebook timeline counts down the years?
Why did Facebook attempt to acquire Snow, a Snapchat clone?
Why is the image quality of nearbuy's current Facebook sponsored post so low?
If I get a referral from Mark Zuckerberg, do I still need to go through Facebook's technical interview?
How does Facebook determine what percentage of a user's news feed is ads vs. organic stories?
How many people post their shopping queries on Facebook?
Do companies like Facebook, Google and Amazon require university degrees for web developers?
Can someone who knows my Facebook password sniff my video calls simultaneously?
Can the top level Facebook team login to other user accounts discreetly (especially celebrities)?
Can I invite followers on my personal Facebook account to like my business page?
What is the best alternative to Facebook & Instagram?
Are there any websites where you can anonymously buy and sell Facebook pictures which are not publically available?
Can I add all my Facebook friends to a group at one time?
Why are my favorites not showing up in Facebook Messenger?
How do I make it to the Big Four as a software developer?
Why do Facebook introduced and then reverted the thankful reaction?
Facebook has suggested my ex in People you May Know. Should I send her a request?
When browsing to my friend’s post in Facebook it has 78 likes and 1 share on the bottom. How can I find out who shared it?
Are Facebook and Instagram statistics about a promoted post really true?
Some friends of mine found my crush's parents on Facebook, should I be concerned of them messaging her parents?
What percent of Indians are busy on FB?
How do I respond to a plan in Facebook Messenger?
How many ads should I use per audience (on Facebook), and what's the maximum budget to use on each ad? Is there a calculation?
Is there an API for recent Facebook page likes that I can implement into a live stream?
How are volume tracking links added to Facebook ads?
Do my friends know if I look at someone's Facebook from my friend's Facebook account?
Why do we Indians always talk about love, like love story movies, in WhatsApp and Facebook statuses?
Where can you see the date of when you were blocked by a person on Facebook?
Patanjali are promoting their products on Facebook and YouTube, etc. which are platforms run by foreign companies. Doesn’t that go against their Swadeshi movement?
How can you tell if you've been blocked on Signal Messenger app?
How do I find all the Facebook groups in my city?
Can I get on Facebook without anyone knowing?
Is Facebook trying to steal our information by asking us to log in onto other websites through FB?
How can I determine which images appear when sharing Quora answer to Facebook or Twitter?
Are these Facebook apps unsafe?
How do the top 6 friends on your Facebook profile work?
Where can I buy 'real' US Facebook fans?
How can I use Graph API to get Facebook profile data using Python, R, Flume, and Spark?
How do I read somebody else's messages on Facebook with out them knowing?
How do I see other people’s messages on Messenger?
What will the pros and cons be if the GOI bans sites like Facebook, Instagram, and Snapchat in India?
What are some amazing unknown hidden features of Facebook?
How can I make 2 Instagram accounts with one Facebook account?
What is the difference between Facebook addicts and Quora addicts?
Can I have a FB page with no one knowing about it?
How do we scale our current 13 Adsets Facebook (13 ads) targeting the same audience optimized by FB?
What can I do with Facebook API?
What are the pros and cons of creating a new FB account?
How do I edit my comment below a post on Facebook, but have it show as the original comment and not an edit?
Are the statistics on Facebook and Instagram about promoted post authentic?
How do I search content on Facebook?
Can I find a person on Facebook if I have an email address?
How does Facebook determine whether solid or gradient backgrounds are available for status updates and when?
Can someone invite you to join messenger if you've blocked them on Facebook?
Can I reset my password on IG if I forgot my email account and my phone number indicated on it doesn't exist?
How do I manage my Facebook page in the perfect way?
Every time I run an ad on my Facebook Page, organic reach on regular posts plummet, and they do not normalize for a week. Why is this happening?
Why is my CPC on Facebook rising while my audience is not even half saturated?
Should I only run my Facebook ad during the hours most conversions occur?
Is it mandatory to have an FB account for a Quora user provided I do not have accounts in Facebook or Twitter?Is it stupid of me for not having so?
Did you start to visit Facebook less after you discovered Quora?
Is moving away from payments to pure ads a good strategy for Facebook Messenger?
How can I see who my girlfriend is talking to when using messenger and private messenger?
Why do Facebook friends who have deleted their accounts stay in your account?
What configuration is Mark Zuckerberg using as a primary development machine?
How did Jessica Su prepare for her interview at Facebook?
If it could be proven without a doubt that there is no God (for lack of a better word), what would happen?
Can I download 2 Facebook app?
How can I reset my Facebook password if I do not have the registered mobile number?
What is the meaning of “hmm” in messenger?
Do people use WhatsApp in Switzerland?
Would you find it worse to be blocked on Facebook or unfriended?
How much did Mark Zuckerberg earn from Facebook when it is was starting (initial amount in 2004)?
Why can't Facebook allow more than 5000 friends?
I have deactivated my Facebook account. I did this on my phone. But I can still log back in. Does this mean my account is not deleted properly?
What type of content can we post on Facebook’s company page?
How do I go from ‘connected on FB Messenger’ to ‘click here to invite’?
Someone is sharing pictures of my friend with a fake Facebook ID. How can we report it to Facebook and how can we trace that person?
Which are the best Facebook pages from Tamil Nadu, which will make you occupied?
Is it better to use the Instagram or Facebook advertising platform to get a higher install rate of a mobile app?
Will there be an end for Facebook news feed or Quora feed?
Why is it that I can talk on my phone about something, and within a couple of days, see some ads for it sent to me on Facebook?
What are the benefits of Facebook?
What percentage of Facebook’s​ code was written by Mark Zuckerberg?
Where can I find Facebook data sets that show interactions between friends?
If you publish on Facebook, do you get royalties?
Didn't Facebook realize that implementing the story feature in all their apps will just divide their users?
Why does the Telegram Messenger (app) famous in Russia and the Facebook doesn't?
How do I log into my Facebook account if I don't know my password or the password to the email I signed in with?
What is the best social media platform to gauge public sentiment: Twitter, Facebook, or Quora?
How do you find customers in Canada on Facebook?
Are the images sent over FB secure?
How do I prevent my Facebook fan page from getting unpublished after merging?
Why doesn't Facebook come up with (write) its own operating system?
Do you believe health should be free like Quora, Facebook, and Wikipedia?
Why does the camera on Facebook Messenger have circles around it, sometimes?
Is there an app to know who sends invites to my Facebook?
In the U.S., is it criminal to create a fake Facebook account and obtain nudes?
How do I recover my Facebook account for which I know the email address?
What will happen to Facebook and WhatsApp in June?
How do I find links of engineering students Facebook groups in any American universities?
How can I edit a Facebook post?
Does Facebook allow two accounts of yours, both with real name and correct info?
How are Facebook landing pages created?
How do I change my birth date on my Facebook profile?
Do Facebook, Spotify and other big tech companies use BitTorrent, and if so, in what way?
How good is Facebook marketplace for selling used electronics?
How has Facebook restricted autolikers?
Do you feel that Facebook causes issues with cell phones not working properly?
Why did Facebook page posts organic reach decrease a lot starting April 2017?
If a person does not have Messenger and is not my friend on Facebook, how will they see my message?
How do Facebook and ad tech companies verify impression aggregation (automation testing)?
What happens to your Facebook account if you pass away?
If two people block each other on Facebook, how can it be undone?
What will be the impact if Quora had emotions like Facebook/WhatsApp instead of upvotes (with features such as like, wow, smile, etc)?
Can I earn through Facebook pages?
How do I have a Facebook account that is free from political posts?
Is it true that you can request a copy of the file the FBI has on you by sending them a letter?
How is Facebook gaining ground in the display advertising market?
Why doesn't Facebook show me my likes?
Is it a bad sign if a startup is dependent on Google and Facebook marketing for growth?
How can I send friend request to the CEO of Facebook Mark Zuckerberg?
How visible are Facebook posts set to "friends only"? Can employers find them?
How do I discover my friends’ activity on Facebook?
Where can I find Facebook coupons (50$) for cheap prices?
How can I reclaim my company's business Facebook page?
Did Snapchat’s CEO really say India is poor and Snapchat is for the rich, or does this look like another desperate attempt by Facebook to acquire SC?
Why would my husband delete his Facebook profile with me on his friends list while continuing with another containing memories of his ex?
Why do some words on my Facebook page look like this ⵜⴰⵣⵡⵓⵔⵜ when I sign in from Chrome or Edge?
How can I find out if one of my friend on friend list has more than one number?
Can someone possibly get a notification if Iook at their Facebook a lot on my account?
Do China and Russia have their own version of Facebook?
How can I find similar Facebook Fanpages (free tool)?
Why do celebrities and others choose to use Twitter more than Facebook to share ideas and other content?
How different is Facebook Android app compared with other native apps?
Is a person blocked on Facebook Messenger blocked on Facebook, too?
How can I access my ex girlfriends Facebook from my iPhone when she is in a different state?
Why are the Carousel images getting blurred on Facebook? The dimensions are above 600x600.
How I can undo my deleted chats on Facebook?
Where do I view my friend list?
Can I add friends of my friend on Facebook? What does he/she actually think?
Will companies like Facebook, Uber, and Airbnb survive in the market for the next 20 years?
When Facebook disables an account, does it ban the account or that person? And are those users allowed to create a new account?
Is there any IPM aspirant I could get in contact with via Facebook or any other means?
Why don't Quora have auto translate like Facebook or Google?
How long would it take to scroll through Facebook feed if you were friends with every user?
Are we allowed to add teachers we had on Facebook and speak to them?
Do you think Discord has the potential to transform into a large social network?
How many followers do I need to attract adverts for my Facebook page?
What Social media sites to use instead of Facebook for daily usage?
Why don't Indian boys make American girlfriends through Facebook?
Can Facebook be replaced?
Why does Quora allow users to have a different name from their Facebook accounts?
What are “autolikes” in Facebook?
Why can't I see the details of someone who is not my friend and who was last active on Messenger?
Is social media like Facebook good for your own development?
How can I send a request to a person on FB, when it keeps on showing 'send request to known person only' but I know that person?
What is the best and easiest method to make a public interest message viral on Facebook?
Does the FCC regulate the Facebook videos?
Facebook has around 2 billion users. Why are they still doing marketing via ads? Do they really need any advertisement, as every child knows about them?
Is there any app for Facebook that when a specific person​ comes online I get notified​?
What will happen if my old Gmail ID is linked to my Facebook account, and I deleted it?
Is it illegal to use someone’s wedding video that you shoot for marketing purposes on FaceBook/YouTube?
Why is there no Swadesi website similar to Google or Facebook in India?
How can I stop or mute a Facebook video embedded via JavaScript SDK on my own page (my page is in my own domain)?
Where is the best place to post funny images in hopes of them going viral?
How do you activate a disabled account?
How do I recover my deleted Facebook messages?
How one can gain Facebook page likes?
What is meant by "you have a friend suggestion”?
Does Facebook pay for its users to create a page or a group? If yes, then how much?
What does a Facebook ID with a -0 after it signify?
How can I find out if my wife is cheating, with Facebook and chat lines?
Why won't Facebook or forum sites be blocked without net neutrality?
Some parts of the conversation disappear from the Facebook group chat. Why is this happening?
Can Mark Zuckerberg read celebrities' Facebook chats?
Why am I being asked to add someone to a Facebook group?
How do I guess if a data engineer phone interview for Facebook went good or bad?
Where can I find out more info on Facebook spaces?
Can anyone verify my Facebook page?
Why does a narcissist man make his Facebook profile public then go private?
What is the official abbreviation for Facebook Instant Articles? FIA or FBIA?
What app has full page advertisements that pop up at random? The ads almost always lead to company Facebook pages. It does not show up in scans.
How can I transfer a Facebook session from my iOS device to somewhere else?
How can you call somebody through Messenger if you are not friends?
If 2 Facebook accounts have been deleted permanently, then what will happen to the chat conversations, including photos, between those 2 accounts?
How much do I need to spend to get 10,000 likes on my Facebook page?
Is Facebook good for you?
Is it possible to change the SMS content of Facebook Account Kit?
How do I hack fb on a cell phone?
Which is the best tool to post on multiple Facebook groups?
What are the best comments for a mother’s profile?
Do people hack Facebook or Google to fix bugs? Or is there any other way to fix it legally?
Can we get user details of the people who engage with our Facebook ad?
How can I restore my Facebook account that was disabled and they send an activation code to my mobile number which is not active?
What are the characteristics of passive aggressive Facebook posts?
Facebook Ads: what interest group would be best for people that have recently purchased a TV and may need installation? It's so broad.
Who tried to change my FB password?
Why has the Facebook killer gotten so much attention?
What is the basic difference between Facebook and other social sites which makes Facebook very much popular and others not?
What would be viable antitrust strategies against Facebook and Google becoming/already being a digital advertising duopoly?
How do I delete archived messages (chat logs) on Facebook?
How can I open a Facebook Chapter at my university?
Is Facebook down right now May 25, 2017?
Why would a good guy friend block me from Facebook? I've known him 20 years.
Is there a way, in 2017, to import Facebook comments (from a blog post with Facebook comments) to the original WordPress comment system or Disqus?
How can you see how long someone has been friends on Facebook?
Who should I target my Facebook ads to in order to get new customers if products are mystical products like horoscopes?
Which is the best free Facebook lead management software?
A person is asleep, but his status is constantly changing from ‘active now’ to ‘active "x" minutes ago’. Is this happening because he's receiving messages, or is he lying?
How do I know if someone I am not friends with on Facebook received my message on Messenger?
Is Facebook slowly becoming a digital country with Zuckerberg as its leader?
How do I make payments for Facebook sponsored posts through Paytm?
What did Facebook & Snapchat do in its first 12 months for marketing and user acquisition?
Can I recover a deleted Facebook chat?
What do I text to a girl whom I have seen everyday before sending a friend request?
Would you have had the foresight to join Facebook if Mark Zuckerberg approached you and asked you to help him create the world's largest social media platform?
Why did Vivek Shetty leave Facebook?
Does Facebook avoid working on projects and platforms that don't reach a huge number of people?
What is Facebook's core competency?
How is game theory used in real life applications by tech-companies such as Google, Facebook, Amazon, Microsoft and others?
Is there a tutorial for making a Facebook chat bot triggered by a page's post comments?
How many people use Facebook in Turkiye?
If celebrities don’t have personal Facebook accounts, how do they have a Facebook page?
If somebody hacked my Facebook and ended the log in session afterwards, would their log in still show up in my archive?
Can I download all of my Messenger information?
What would happen if Snapchat integrated Facebook login?
Is YouTube live feature copied from Facebook live?
When did Facebook become irrelevant?
The OBC NCL certificate prescribed by IIT has two pages. At the time of uploading the documents, do I have to upload both pages?
What is this ad on Facebook for?
Does Mark Zuckerberg's mom tell him to concentrate on Facebook?
If you just launched Facebook events 2.0, what metrics would you collect and how would you know if the launch was a success?
Is it advisable to combine a personal Facebook account with a business one?
Who pays for posts on Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, etc?
How do I know my friends blocked me on Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat?
Are you friends with Tyler Garman Art on Facebook?
Would you have invested in Facebook in 2004?
What makes someone choose one form of direct messaging over another? For example, why choose Facebook Messenger, Instagram Direct, Snap Direct, or WhatsApp?
Have you heard about minds.com?
Why do women accept friend requests from men on Facebook and then don't want to chat with them?
Can Quora be an alternative to Facebook and Twitter for students?
Why is Facebook going to be banned in the US?
How do you go from being connected on Messenger to saying ‘click here to invite’?
Does Facebook or any other social media site monitor our everyday life?
How do you place a countdown clock on a Facebook page?
How can I get more GoFundMe page views? I have shared with all Facebook friends and Twitter.
Who approves Facebook ads: Bots or humans?
I want to get more sales using Facebook and Instagram. How can I?
Can I earn money through Facebook?
Are all the stories on Facebook about human trafficking near misses real or fake?
Does Balaji Viswanathan have a Facebook account?
Who has my girlfriend recently added on Facebook?
What does Facebook not monetise shopping on the platform through commission like Amazon does?
How many accounts has Facebook disabled?
Why isn't Facebook showing my contacts anymore?
Can I make a truly 'public' Facebook live (see details)?
What is the eligibility criteria for getting off campus placement in Google, Facebook and Microsoft?
What is one thing you don't like about Facebook, Twitter, or any other social media sites?
How do the companies like Google and Facebook recruit, and how can you know their exam dates?
This girl I have a crush on accepted my Facebook friend request only about 2 hours after I sent it. Does that mean she likes me?
How can Facebook choose people to show you in 'people you may know'?
Is there a system of posting “Happy Birthday” messages on Quora as in the case of Facebook?
Since the web has matured a little bit, are we doomed to live with monopolies such as Google, Facebook, Amazon, and LinkedIn for decades to come?
What are the technical reasons behind some Facebook notifications coming much later than others?
Who can see comments written on Facebook pages of celebrities?
What does it mean for developers that Facebook has re-written React as "React Fiber"?
Is it impossible to get a lot of friends on Facebook?
Does permanently deleting your Facebook account also delete your group posts and comments in groups that you are no longer a member of anymore?
Why are people on Quora posting their personal photos and making it another Facebook? Why doesn’t Quora’s administration put a stop to it?
Is it possible that Facebook’s membership numbers will decrease in the next ten years like it did for Yahoo Messenger?
What is the adoption rate of Facebook in India?
Is it unethical to gain Facebook likes from suffering one?
Can you check your fb messages?
Will Facebook survive once the US gets rid of net neutrality?
When a Facebook page I follow/like host or co-host an event, will I receive a notification?
How does ScoopWhoop create short videos for their Facebook page?
Why is Facebook not allowing me to add a description on my page and also place a website, etc.?
How do I know who’s viewed my video on Facebook?
Can one post nudes privately on Facebook?
How do the Facebook, WhatsApp, and Instagram applications make money?
What is India's biggest Facebook group?
How does a Facebook post get embedded in a WordPress blog post?
How can I create a platform like Khan Academy, Apple, Facebook, and so on?
How do I open my old Facebook account if I forgot my password and email address?
How did Facebook post on my wall?
How can I write bold letters in a Facebook post?
How can I use a mobile number to search for a Facebook ID?
If a company’s Facebook posts are not being shown, what can the company do to be seen by more of its fans?
How do I disable the share option of my posts on Facebook?
How do you analyze the structure of "Is it us, or are news headlines about Facebook's impact on our health popping up more and more these days?"
How can you login without a code on Facebook?
Can we find our lookalike on Facebook?
How do I delete my fb account permanently?
What do you fear most about mind/thought reading technology?
One of my non-Muslim friends is not accepting my friend request on Facebook because I have reverted to Islam. What will you say?
Why is it when I Unfollow a page on Facebook, but don't Unlike it, I still see its news on my newsfeed?
How do I share an image on Facebook to WhatsApp?
Why won't Facebook load the remainder of the photo album instead of just giving me the spinning cursor?
Can someone receive an invite to join messenger from a deactivated Facebook account?
How can you tell if someone is talking you privately on Messenger?
How can I find someone on Facebook with a photo?
Why does Facebook let you collapse comments of people that you follow but not friends?
Should I setup a separate ad account for Facebook Traffic and Remarketing?
I created a Facebook page, but I put a new admin on it. So, he removed me from admin and blocked me. Is there any solution for me to get my page back?
How do I send Facebook to WeChat?
What data can you pull from Facebook's pages without being an admin by using Facebook API?
How do I transfer a Facebook messenger text to a WhatsApp message?
If Facebook forced you to scan your passport for them, would you do it?
Will Facebook be deleted by itself if I didn't deactivate it, and also never try to open it?
How can I sort my Facebook notifications by unread?
Which Facebook groups are the best for video marketing advice?
Do you think Snapchat will last?
What is the Facebook swell bot?
How does Facebook chat work in PC and phones?
Is PIP in Facebook a way to get people fired?
How do you tag someone on Facebook?
Has your Facebook Page ever been stolen?
Using Facebook, how can we invite one thousand people to a non-profit domestic violence prevention event?
What tools do you use in hacking Facebook account?
Is it possible to attach Facebook album to a website?
How do I share movie trailers on Facebook?
How do I get access to Facebook Stories and Messenger Day?
How are some AMP-enabled posts, or Facebook instant articles, showing my email in their subscription boxes?
Which platform can help you to approach and acquire clients more effectively - Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, or Twitter?
Why is my Facebook profile on Tinder? I have never used tinder before and never even heard of it.
Does the number of friends a person has on Facebook reveal anything?
People tab on messenger(iOS) is loading, nothing appear and there is no active people shown, what am I supposed to do?
Can we restrict the voting rights of members in a Facebook group?
How do I link comments from my previous post to a new post?
How do I add a community tab on my Facebook page?
How do some Facebook users set picture as a background of their Facebook text status? Note that I don't mean color/gradient but actual picture.
Should one join Facebook or Instagram?
Would a web/mobile developer interview at Facebook/Instagram require heavy ds & algorithms?
Why would I get a push notification if one of my connections liked a post (not my post) on LinkedIn?
How many views is a Facebook post likely to have per share?
What position(s) could someone interested/experienced in the humanities fill at a company such as Facebook or Google?
How do I find a USA active Facebook group?
If you have two separate Facebook accounts (as a company), is it possible to migrate the pages owned by each account to one account?
How can you drive traffic to an eBay or Amazon listing using Facebook?
Someone has hacked my Facebook account and posted something obscene. I want to change the password, but forgot my present password. How do I change it?
How do I check Facebook login status in Android?
What percent of Messenger users are English speaking?
How can I get more shares on my Facebook videos?
What is the simplest way to share an FB video to a non-FB user?
How do I un-archive a Facebook contact (conversation) to the inbox (desktop)?
Will an Indian girl accept a friend request from an unknown boy?
How can I unlink a logged out Instagram account from my Facebook page?
How do I see “Friend Request Sent” on Facebook?
Do you feel annoyed that when you see Facebook telling you that an offender does not violate the standards of racism and violent remarks of theirs?
Henry Froelich asks: Is it liberating to have a Facebook account with no friends, just post publicly so that anyone can see, and comment?
How do I invite people who are not present in my Facebook friends list to like my Facebook page?
Can I expect to get a job in companies like Google, Facebook, etc. if I take CS at Sikkim Manipal University?
Does it leave a poor impression to start a conversation with a coworker you like on Facebook than in person?
How do police deal with cases related to Facebook IDs that were deleted 2 years ago?
How do I delete search in messenger?
What is the easiest way to embed Facebook photos as a slideshow on my website?
How do I send a WPF file on Messenger?
Can I access my WhatsApp via Facebook?
Is there any way I could find who visits my Facebook profile for free?
How do I know who my secret profile visitors are on Facebook?
How can I send Facebook notifications to other Facebook users?
Would Facebook's ParlAI scale to RDFS or OWL?
Does Facebook use Redux?
How do I remove the phone number from my FB account?
How do I get rid off of using Facebook?
How do you get Facebook page likes for your new startup page?
How do I delete a Facebook account which I don't use?
Why is the green dot after the phone icon on Messenger not shown for everyone?
What is the process to live steam cricket match on a Facebook Page?
Why is it easy to get likes on Facebook but hard to get upvotes on Quora?
What happens when a message is deleted when it is in with a single tick on Facebook?
Does Facebook feel a long-term threat to its viability and brand? Does it recognize that emerging social media platforms are stealing market share?
How can I join tech giants like Google, Facebook, MSFT as college dropout in India? And what salary can I expect?
If I customize who can see posts I'm tagged in on my timeline on Facebook, can they still see it in their newsfeed?
Approximately how many verified accounts are given by Twitter and Facebook on a daily basis?
What happens when I connect sign up on Quora using my Facebook account?
Can being active on Messenger also mean someone is scrolling through their feed or watching videos, etc.?
If I delete my Facebook account, will my sent pics get deleted from the conversations?
How do I find US-based Facebook Fiverr groups?
How can I make humor/meme content go viral on social media?
How can hide my friend list on Facebook using an Android phone?
What would cause me to stop being able to see when someone is active on Facebook Messenger? Would they have to have blocked me?
After a relationship ends, do you block or unfriend the ex on Facebook?
How do I search many Facebook groups at once?
Why is Facebook getting boring?
Does Google share its big data with Facebook?
How do I increase the spending limit of a Facebook page?
Why am I not seeing the green dot in my friend's Facebook account when he is active?
How do I verify Facebook in India?
What is the size of a Facebook cover photo?
How do I create a Facebook web page HTML?
How can you make your Facebook stand out?
What is the best way of counting the number of words in a given Facebook group?
How do we know how many page likes or post likes can we get with a budget of $500 for Facebook ads lifetime budget?
How can I get my Instagram account back without using my Facebook? I have forgotten the password.
What language is Facebook Android app written in?
How do I make my Facebook page more popular among women?
Are there any mediators who can get my Facebook page verified?
How I can recover my Facebook account because I forgot the password?
Does everyone get Facebook stats on their page?
What's the difference between hosting and co-hosting a Facebook event as a fan page?
What can I do if I want to develop a Facebook replica for Uganda only?
How can I know my friends on Facebook who never like my posts? I don't want to unfriend those people who keep liking my posts.
I have two accounts linked on Messenger. Will it show active for both accounts even when only one account is being used?
How old is Facebook?
What would happen if Facebook were to shut down for 1 hour?
Why are pictures not showing up in the 'photos of you' section of Facebook, even though I'm tagged in them?
Why don't I see the Facebook explore option in desktop and only in Facebook application?
How do I find who uploaded a photo first on Facebook?
An unknown person opened a Facebook account using my Gmail ID. How can I close this Facebook account?
I keep getting friend requests in Facebook from people (real ones, not fake) I haven't met, should I accept them?
Can I export pictures in the comments on a Facebook page?
I've 3 pages with the personal profile, I claimed one page to the business manager and I want to restore it to my personal account, how can I do it?
Why don't I see GIFs on Facebook?
Why do profile pictures of guys in WhatsApp, Facebook, etc. include their girlfriend while almost all girls will not have their partners' photo included in theirs?
What BlueKai data does Facebook collect? Are they cookies-based?
How can I report an FB account?
How do you target fans of other fan pages in Facebook ads?
How do I extract all of my Facebook Messenger messages for each person (ideally via API)?
How can I search someone on Facebook?
Can I be notified if someone searches me or my Facebook page?
How do we extract mobile numbers from our friends on Facebook with the help of an Android device?
How many days is Facebook disabled for?
Is Facebook trying to discourage the use of Instagram by introducing "News Feed Direct Message" and "Facebook Stories"?
What is the highest rank available on Facebook Tetris?
How much more likely are people to like a Facebook comment that includes a "thumbs up" emoji in its text?
How can I bring back accidently spammed chats in Messenger?
I have a tech page on IG called @samsungblog_ that has more than 80k followers. How can I make money from that? I also have 3 more tech pages with 30k
Can I get alerts showing me how long I have been active on Facebook and Facebook messenger?
What does the camera next to the phone with the green dot on Messenger keep blinking for?
Why doesn’t my Facebook message to someone have blue ticks, even if he is online?
How am I supposed to help a friend whose Facebook account has been hacked?
What "new" business idea would you give these companies to expand their business: Amazon, Netflix, Apple, Uber, Facebook and Twitter?
How can I get more likes in Facebook group?
Is it possible to get a Facebook blue badge on a media page with 3.9k likes?
How do I scrap (get) the full list of shares on a Facebook post?
Can WhatsApp be hacked with a Facebook password?
Why has Facebook not acquired TripAdvisor yet?
Is it possible to resize images/media on my Facebook feed?
How can I add a custom E-book cover to a PDF book?
How much is spent on Facebook advertising, on average, by a small scale business?
How does the Facebook “Suggestion” part work? How do they suggest friends?
Can you catch someone with a fake account on Facebook?
What charges can be filed against me if I violated someone's privacy by going through someone's Facebook account?
Should I send a friend request to a musician on Facebook? He's kind of a celebrity. I'm a fan of his music.
How do I get Facebook to remove a fake profile using my father’s identity? Reporting hasn't worked.
If Mark Zuckerberg became president, would he be consider the most powerful man alive?
Why are most of the people switching from Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, etc., to Quora?
I added someone to my contacts, can they somehow see that they are on my contacts using Snapchat?
What would life be like without WhatsApp and Facebook?
Is anyone having issues with Facebook Ads, Ads Manager, or getting their ads reviewed? My Facebook ads are not getting reviewed.
There are so many ads about the ‘No. 1 Internet Marketing/Marketer’ on Facebook. Which one is the most reliable and true?
China's protective market has created competitors to Google, FB and Amazon. Should other countries follow so as to cultivate homegrown companies?
If someone were to have a jackpot idea like Snapchat or Facebook, would it be relatively easy to make a business out of it?
Which social networks have the best comments under the comment model?
How do I get fake followers on a Facebook fan page?
What is the biggest free classified Facebook page in Bangladesh?
How can I get the blue mark on my Facebook profile?
If I block someone on Facebook, will I still see their "likes" or comments on future posts by mutual friends?
Isn't the social media like Snapchat and Instagram making today's youth more pretentious?
If someone is on my 'people you may know' on Facebook, am I on theirs?
How do I find out who has seen my comments on a photo on Facebook?
How do I see if someone blocked me from seeing their post but I'm still their friend on Snapchat?
Why do people not support your posts on Facebook?
How do I market to a specific segment of the population on Facebook?
What is the age to use Facebook?
What are the best practices to build an awesome Facebook Shop page?
How do I block someone from seeing my FB page?
How do I get back into my Facebook account if someone changed my password?
What are Facebook texts?
What accounts for Facebook's decline in popularity?
What would be life after quitting WhatsApp and Facebook?
What should I fill in the "website" section on Facebook?
Can I share a Facebook page event on LinkedIn?
Have you ever tried to troll anyone online while chatting?
How do I change unpublished Facebook posts to published?
Why can’t India make Google and Facebook?
How do I open my husband's FB account in my cell phone without his knowledge?
What is the best reply if a stranger abuses me on Facebook?
Is there a way to tell what targeting options people are using to serve you a specific Facebook ad?
Can someone can view if I send pictures in messenger?
What is the idea of sharing news or website posts on Facebook with an instant power sign? Is that so that they can get loaded automatically and read instantly?
Why would someone make private their relationship status on FB? Especially when you can link to their partner that says married?
How can I make an auto-reply in my Facebook account?
How can I log in to Gmail or Facebook knowing only my username using an inspect element?
Why do so many of my friends miss my fb messages?
What are the pros of being on Facebook? We have all read numerous answers on the cons already.
If I unfriend someone on Snapchat and went on private then back to public setting, will they still be able to see my stories?
What are the best uses or features of Facebook?
Why can't I view the profile of a person that Facebook says I'm already friends with?
Is there an iPhone app that combines SMS, email, and Facebook messenger in one inbox?
What softwares & platform does Google and Facebook use to create marketing materials?
How can I know the IP address that hacked my Facebook or Gmail?
Why are some (maybe many) people 'not' using Facebook/Twitter? I’d like to understand their angle as well.
What is the most expensive country in which to advertise on Facebook, in terms of CPC & CPM?
Can one get malware by visiting a real Facebook page?
Can you Suggest me some hacks of Facebook?
How can I delete an icon from Facebook Messenger?
How much should I charge to manage my clients’ Facebook ad campaigns?
Should I add a guy I like on Facebook?
Can I follow back links from Facebook and Google Plus?
How do you find your favorites on Messenger?
How do I share HTML canvas to Facebook using Facebook JavaScript SDK?
How can my friends’ friends see my post on Facebook?
How can I find my first Facebook?
How can I report hacking on Facebook?
How can I effectively delete my Facebook profile picture?
What will happen if Facebook implements strict BNBR policy like Quora?
When you block someone on Facebook, what's the difference (as far as what they can see) between blocking them and deleting your account?
What is Facebook's code review process like?
How do you create a script that automatically replies to a Facebook comment via a private message?
How do I set up a Facebook ads campaign targeting people suffering from injuries?
How can I get a brand endorsement for my Facebook videos, if they are seen by 1lakh people on average?
How can I be benefited by using Quora instead of Facebook?
Why do people say Instagram is for close friends and Facebook is for everyone?
What are your thoughts on Facebook's Two-Person-Live feature on Facebook Live?
Why do I get suggestions of my contacts on Facebook when I have not linked my phone number to the account?
How does Facebook get data about professional Dota matches?
How can I know if someone used my Facebook account without my permission?
How do we post live video on Facebook from a mobile?
Can I upload multiple videos of 1.5 GB to Facebook posts one at a time?
Is there an app I can use to delete one entire year of Facebook post, while keeping other years intact?
What are some of the questions asked in Facebook interviews?
How do I find private profiles from my fiancee’s Facebook account?
Why did Facebook take back the 'Thankful' flower emoticon?
Which is the best group on Facebook for puzzles?
How can I cancel a pending request on Facebook?
Which is a better option to promote a home based business? A Facebook page or a blog?
Does Facebook pay for most followers?
How can you tell if someone is messaging someone on Messenger?
Do you think Facebook is becoming YouTube's younger sibling?
How do you feel when you are at home and see a pictures of a group of friends on Facebook or Instagram?
Is there any app which help us to see who has checked our WhatsApp and Facebook profile?
Is Mark Zuckerberg egoistic?
What is a unique name for an Instagram page about nail art?
How do I get on Facebook if it's blocked by the wifi?
How do you show your life and your value and promote yourself on Facebook, WeChat, and Instagram in a normal or special way, especially for your goddess?
Why doesn't Facebook take reports seriously?
Is there a Facebook page for Steven Olnhausen?
What is the best way to report a Facebook page with more than 100,000 followers, and is there a specific number of Facebook users to report it?
Why do Indian women avoid talking to strangers on Facebook while feeling free on matrimonial sites?
How can I display Facebook album on my website using different layouts? (Grid, Masonery, Slideshow etc)
How do I trace the location of a Messenger user?
How do I transition a viral content media Facebook page to a business direction?
How did Facebook earn money in its early stages?
TamilRockers is one of the piracy websites. They are interacting with the people in Twitter and Facebook. Can the cybercrime department do something?
Do you think Quora is more addictive than Facebook and Instagram?
How do I use Facebook and WhatsApp on a Blackberry Z10?
Can a candidate go through multiple recruiters for Facebook or Google at the same time? Do they see each other's candidate history?
Is it legal for someone to keep a deceased family member's profile on Facebook active after that person has died without noting it in their profile?
Why did the icon marketplace on my Facebook account suddenly disappear?
How can we counter a point where someone says its not a bad thing (could be anything like, social networking etc.) in itself if it's used properly?
Is it a good idea to send my former teacher a friend request on Facebook?
How do I view a person’s profile on Facebook after they message me?
Where should I make a complaint for any wrong post on Facebook in India?
What is/are the best programming language/s to learn, if you want to work in Facebook or Google?
How do I find the direct link to a specific post?
How can I browse Facebook anonymously?
Which one is very important in Facebook marketing: page likes or post engagement?
Is there a way to safeguard your Facebook Custom Audiences in case your ad account gets disabled?
Why do people say that Facebook targeting is amazing when I can only select age, gender and interests?
Is Facebook interesting for BtoB marketers?
Why does Facebook wish me a happy Easter, yet not a happy Novroz, Passover, or whatever else?
Can I find out if someone is no longer with Facebook?
Facebook has used my ID to do verification in the past, how long does it keep a copy of that ID and how do I remove it?
What is the best social analytics tool for managing and measuring 30+ Facebook, Twitter and Instagram channels at the same time?
Will Indians stop using Facebook if Evan Spiegel becomes the CEO of Facebook?
Did Mark Zuckerberg die?
What do I do with a Google Tracking Code and Facebook Pixel?
How do I stop my Facebook addiction?
Is it common for Facebook and Google users to distrust the companies and feel helpless about it?
Why does Facebook specifically not allow you to untag yourself from other people's comments?
Why has the search functionality on Facebook buy-and-sell groups been removed?
How can I create impressive posts on Facebook?
Can you see your Facebook password on messenger?
I deactivated my account. Will she still get my message?
Can we get a Facebook users list from a particular location using an FB API?
Is there any way to search a Facebook account​ by the uploaded pictures on that account​?
How do I check my Facebook archive?
Why does Facebook keep rejecting my ad?
If you had to stop using either Facebook or YouTube, which one would you choose?
Why do giants like Google and Facebook spend money on advertising?
Can any idea eliminate Facebook in the future?
How do I turn off filters in Facebook posts: "Top Comments is selected, so some comments may have been filtered out"?
What are the creepiest things Facebook has ever done?
What is a fan page in Facebook?
What do Nigerian men think about Immanuel Ifediata's recent controversial Facebook posts about underaged girls?
What do you think of Facebook's new "mind-reading" technology for typing?
What can we expect from Facebook TV this summer?
What will be Facebook's next step after a report of an account hack is made? How long does it take? What is Facebook’s customer care number (India), if one exits?
How can I delete shared content in Messenger?
If a reporter is a type of journalist, and news is defined as noteworthy, am I a journalist if I post on Facebook something relevant to my friends?
Why do I still get notifications from Facebook when I have deactivated my account?
What is the best practice for really short term advertising on Facebook?
How do Facebook collection ads work?
Are there any good sites that I can market my credit restoration business other then Facebook and Instagram?
Could any Facebook password be difficult to hack?
How can I make people comment on my blog mainakiwiri.WordPress.com using their Facebook accounts?
How do I unfollow all of my friends on Facebook and just follow pages?
What is the salary for interns at Facebook in 2017?
How can I find my friend’s mobile number on Facebook without asking him?
Why do leftists block people who were against them on social media? Is it considered bullying?
Why has Google+ failed to triumph over Facebook?
How do you know if your friend on Facebook Messenger is on a call on Messenger?
How can I set up a FB page for a nightclub promoter?
How do I implement news feed for social network?
In what way can a Facebook Messenger bot help a college?
How many registered users does Facebook have in 2017?
How can I see the full messenger conversation?
How can I get close to someone on Facebook?
Should I put my ''concepts'' of a UI/UX redesign for sites like Spotify, Facebook etc. in my portfolio?
If you accidentally like someone's post then deactivate your Facebook account, do they get a notification?
How can I advertised to married mums who are NOT in employment on Facebook?
Why is the monopolization of the Internet by Google, Facebook, and Amazon destructive?
How do I keep videos playing in the background, on Facebook, which I've started?
Does Facebook use lossy data compression techniques?
Are there any products that would work similarly to a private Facebook group for running an app pilot for teams of 50+ users? For feedback, support, etc.
What happened to the Norinder Mudi page on Facebook?
If a friend marks your message unread, will I still see the "seen" after?
How do you deal with frenemies on Facebook?
How do I find out who is behind a Facebook page if they have not identified an admin and they do not reply to a message request?
Is there not a Facebook Page Template that features Events and Groups?
Is it possible to view Facebook 360 videos anonymously, or without the poster of the video seeing who has viewed it?
How do we integrate Facebook with CI?
How can I know that someone is on Facebook before I call them?
If I bought one share of Facebook and the company increased in value by 10% two years later, how much would my single share be worth?
Is Facebook eroding journalism?
How do you stay connected to real life and not get lost in living for the next social media post?
How is Facebook reading my iMessages?
What developing app (e.g. Java, Python, Swift) was used to make Facebook?
Why are Pakistanis not as active on Quora as they are on Facebook?
Should you keep your enemies on Facebook?
Can I earn with Facebook videos?
Where can I find someone who can help me spy on my spouse’s Facebook and text messages without his knowledge?
Will Google and Facebook create an alternative to the concept of nations through connecting, augmenting and virtualizing the world in their AI ecosystems?
What do programmers at big tech companies like Google, Facebook, etc., eat and drink to support their productivity (snacks, drinks, etc.)? What besides coffee do they consume?
Is it legal to use adapted images from Pinterest on one's Facebook page or other social media pages?
Who gets unfriended and blocked online and what do they block you and unfriend you for?
Is having a Facebook account cut off worth sharing your ID?
How should I befriend this girl I barely know through Facebook?
Which picture tagging algorithms is used by Facebook and Instagram?
How can I hide my Quora account from my Facebook friends?
What's stopping Facebook from building their own search engine and/or browser?
How many hours per day does a social media manager need to activate and surveil Facebook and Twitter campaigns?
How can I implement the Facebook login iOS when the steps are very vague?
How do I delete stuff from my profile?
Can a message on Facebook be traced back to me if I used a fake profile?
Someone hacked my Facebook account and changed my profile picture. What can I do to fix this?
How can I change my Facebook account to be my work account?
Is there any way to lock an application (say, WhatsApp or Facebook) on the iPhone 6?
How is Quora reading my Facebook profile even though I made it private?
How do I check someone’s post on Facebook if they have a blog?
Has anyone on Quora recently deleted their Facebook account, and did doing so improve his/her quality of life?
What are the steps of building a Facebook messenger bot which will store data in a self-hosted database?
How many people or companies are working on trying to unseat Facebook as the dominant social media platform?
How do I get to know the best time of launching a blog while running a Facebook page?
Why does Facebook ad experts do not share some of their success secrets/tricks?
Why is Facebook business page taking more than 1 week to approve the products?
How can we earn money through Facebook in India?
What type of programming language should I learn if I want to make a social media platform like Facebook?
Can I still use Messenger after deleting my Facebook account?
How did I verify my Facebook page with a mobile phone?
How do I retreive my password for Facebook without using the old verification?
Will companies like Facebook, Uber, Thankeyou and Airbnb survive in the market for the next 30 years?
When will moderated sites like Facebook, Quora, etc., acknowledge that posts in denial of anthropogenic global warming are essentially fake news?
Is Facebook's intention to implement Delegated Account Recovery instead of passwords adding more security to your account or compromising it?
How do I use Baybayin in Facebook?
Is there an app that can help you see someone's Facebook profile if you’re blocked?
Recently, I developed a crush on a girl who joined us as a GE. I searched her on FB and sent her a friend request, which she didn't accept. Was my way wrong?
How can you make an invitation on Facebook?
How do I increase the likes on my Facebook instantly?
Is it a crime to hack a Facebook account?
How much do Facebook page admins earn?
Did Mark Zuckerberg plant the story about Snapchat CEO saying India is a poor country?
Does Facebook delete messages if these are deleted on both sides?
My crush's birthday is tomorrow . He has kept it hidden on Facebook. Should I wish him?
Can I have Facebook to send me my password to another email?
To what extent can a Facebook account can be kept deactivated so that afterwards it can be recovered before Facebook permanently deletes it?
Why do people only send happy and travelling photos on WhatsApp and Facebook? Why don’t they also send some when they are going through some bad phase?
Can a tech company sell user's data to other's without adversing?
In which quote or pic do you want to tag your computer engineer friend on Facebook?
How do big companies like Google or Facebook perform deployments globally?
Can I legally publish 3rd party articles to Facebook Instant Articles if I credit the author?
How do I show my workplace on my Facebook profile?
Why does Facebook disabling main accounts instead of fake accounts?
How can I invite people who shared my post to like my Facebook business page?
Why have people started deleting their Facebook accounts?
How can I join big companies such as Google and Facebook?
Facebook is a slow poison. Do you agree?
Why does Facebook have such a horrible and poor programming design?
How can I search for people on Facebook by school?
Why does Facebook not show Arnab's new channel Rebuplic as a trending topic?
Does Facebook hate Google?
Should I be back on Facebook?
Why are these companies paying such huge amounts to their interns?
What are some good Christmas Facebook statuses?
Which software does the Facebook page "poisoned thoughts" use for creating posts? What is some great software for creating similar posts?
When does Messenger show when someone is online? Can Messenger show who is online without opening Facebook?
Is there any popular English social media app like Facebook or Twitter which has not yet been banned by the Chinese government?
Why do Facebook notifications still make sounds even after I turn off "Play a sound when each new notification is received"?
If someone's Facebook posts are not shareable and they wish to change this, what do they do?
How​ can I find a fake Facebook account​?
Is it possible to partner with a Facebook page with lakhs of likes for the promotion of my website in return for 20% of my AdSense income?
How do I write posts with attractive English on Facebook?
How do I unfollow everyone on FB?
Shouldn't Quora have its own messenger like Facebook as it's irritating to go to the message option everytime to read & reply to each & every message?
How do I get access to my Facebook account? I remember only my user name.
Which is the most important company among Facebook, Google, and Apple?
How eseential is Facebook for professional networking? (I plan to do my MBA this year, haven't really felt the need of getting on Facebook till now)
How many of your friends shared today on Facebook stories?
How can I change my Facebook name to one word?
Why do people "friend" others on Facebook, but never interact with them? Is it considered rude to remove them after months of no interaction?
Do celebrities have two Facebook accounts?
What are some little known Facebook stalking techniques?
How can I contact Facebook via e-mail?
Where on Facebook Messenger can I find the date I blocked someone?
What are some other chat sites like Facebook?
What is the best social media marketing tools to schedule posts for Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Pinterest and Instagram?
What is the software from which Facebook is programmed?
How do the telecom operators block WhatsApp and Facebook in Kashmir? Is it possible to bypass them via a VPN?
Which algorithm or library did Facebook use to make their voice calling clear?
Why can’t I like any page on Facebook?
What are some of the cutest Facebook proposals?
How do I set up a Facebook marketing campaign targeting the parents of teens?
Can you save pictures from Facebook to your phone?
Do fake profiles on Facebook hurt it's ad revenue growth?
How do I recover my password for Facebook with no email, phone or password?
Is there any way we can convince the guys who own Facebook that their Messenger is trash?
How can one make his FB page popular without promotion?
How can I find friends by DOB on Facebook?
How I can make friends from Australia aside from Facebook?
What is the approximate number of daily "likes" and "reactions" exchanged on Facebook?
What was your reason for deactivating Facebook forever?
Who recently deleted me from Facebook?
Why won't my brother friend me on Facebook?
How do I message verified people on Facebook and Twitter?
How can I save my uninstalled Facebook and WhatsApp data from others?
Is it possible to request all Facebook events in a certain area to use on a different website?
What is the best way to increase your Facebook followers without paid advertising (not including usual stuff like hashtags or groups, etc.)?
How do I know if my Facebook friends are not following me?
Is there a way to get my Quora "reading digest" on Facebook or in Google Now where I'll see it rather than as an email?
Why wouldn't ISPs block Facebook without net neutrality?
Why can’t I save photos from Facebook to my gallery? My phone is like Lenovo A1000.
How can I improve my Facebook page https://www.facebook.com/emailingbirds/?
Do you think running ads on Facebook to drive leads to my virtual hosting affiliate site is likely to work?
Can someone work at Facebook only with freelance experience?
Is Facebook planning a system that can read your mind?
Why does Instagram know my Facebook friends even though the two accounts were never connected?
How can I report a bug to Facebook or Google or any website or app?
What is the process large product organizations go through to prioritize initiatives?
How do I store data in Android when the user is registered with Google/Facebook?
How can I transfer an app through Facebook?
How can I know my forgotten Facebook password without my email and my confirmation code number?
If a Facebook account is deactivated, will it still add friends to your account?
Should Facebook disable their live feed video given that it's been used lately to show live murders?
I blocked someone on Facebook after I sent them a message. Will I still know if they read the message I sent?
As a realtor's new assistant, I need to manage marketing online using MailChimp and Facebook. What can I post about?
Which is the best Facebook ad type to acquire new customers for my eCommerce site, reach or brand awareness?
Did Mark Zuckerberg create the Facebook website alone? How?
How do I invite (add) people to my business page/group on Facebook if I am not connected with them on Facebook?
What is the legality of selling goods online through Instagram or Facebook pages in Nepal? I know it’s illegal, but is there any way to check with my government?
Why there are no companies like Apple, Google, Microsoft, Facebook, etc., in India?
Can I pay to send a message and make sure it gets delivered?
Why do some interesting Facebook groups I follow (and that post often) rarely show anywhere near the top of my feed?
What is Quora really? I typed a question into Google only to find I had an account here; I am not kidding, my old Facebook profile picture and name were up.
Is it degrading to see a video of black people fighting on Facebook and dancing?
I cannot see Facebook verifications when I am logged out. How do I fix this?
My rapist has sent me a friend request like nothing happened for the 2nd time. What should I do?
How do I set GIF/slideshow as profile pic on Facebook?
How can I talk to Facebook for help?
I told my fiancée we shouldn't be friends on FB. Not for immoral reasons. Is this right thing to request if I need a little space?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a relation to Nate Zuckerberg, a deceased friend of mine, who was the developer of "Zuckerberg's Terminal" in Saddle Brook, NJ?
Could I say that " I'm the upcoming Mark Zuckerberg " to Mark Zuckerberg?
How do I add clickable Instagram links in my Facebook bio?
What are the disadvantages of using Twitter Digits or Facebook Account Kit?
Do Oculus new hires also attend the Facebook bootcamp?
How do I stop overusing Facebook and Instagram? I keep on scrolling through them, even though I need to stop.
Facebook: How do I get auto-likes on a Facebook profile picture?
How do I find the location of a Facebook profile?
Why can I not accept more than 5000 friends on Facebook?
How can I share a post with my friends on Facebook?
Why doesn't Facebook provide the ad recall rate for campaigns with a reach objective?
How do you delete shared photos on Facebook Messenger?
Is there any FB liker which works?
Why do many people on Facebook request likes for their posts?
How can I bring back my brother’s memorialised Facebook page?
Why have you decided to make your birthday public or private on Facebook?
Say I run a fidget spinner dropship site. While advertising on Facebook, what should be my target audience?
Are there any Malayalees working at Facebook?
When and what was the reason behind you permanently deleting your Facebook account?
What are some other websites like Facebook?
Is there any remote possibility that if you're chatting from your laptop/PC on Facebook that it will show 'sent from mobile'?
What is the difference between instant replies to anyone and the “Show a Messenger Greeting” on Facebook?
Is tourism in China marketed through Facebook?
Is it true that government can monitor our chats like WhatsApp and Facebook or SMS?
How likely is Facebook going bankruptcy?
How do I survive without using Facebook, Instagram, and/or WhatsApp?
What are the products of Facebook? Why do they keep recruiting when their product is saturated?
How would the Facebook look like and function, if it was found by a Pakistani?
On what basis do Facebook comments appear at the top?
How can I read my husband's FB's secret conversation messages without his knowledge and without any password, and how do I open it in my mobile?
Can I target specific names for Facebook ads?
How dou you deal with passive aggressive Facebook posts?
How should I settle my Facebook account?
How famous do I need to be to get my Facebook profile verified?
Is it OK to ask your interviewer at Facebook for feedback?
What are some examples of IT Project Management’s best practices in large companies like Amazon, Facebook, etc.?
Does employee engagement with a company’s Facebook page damage its ability to reach potential customers?
What’s a nice and appropriate comment for a girl's photo on Facebook?
How do I unarchive a conversation if the person has already deactivated his/her account?
How effective are Reddit ads compared to ads on Facebook and Google?
When's the best time to upload a Facebook profile picture for maximum likes?
How can I find out when and where a Facebook account was created?
Can I replace a Facebook video without losing the likes?
Can I find out if anyone had unfollowed me on Facebook?
How long does WhatsApp keep deleted photographs on their servers, or does WhatsApp keep deleted media?
How do I find out who my non-friends Facebook followers are?
Is it normal for a couple to constantly flirt with each other and praise each other on Facebook walls when they could do it via a private text?
What are the road blocks when advertising on Facebook? Can you explain fully?
Are there enough potential users with VR gear for Facebook Spaces or is the project launch premature?
How much money would Google/Facebook/Microsoft give if you hacked them?
What are some Facebook or Google Plus groups and communities where I can promote my spa, which also gives massages?
What is the algorithm behind Facebook friend suggestions?
Are you that one person who sends game requests on Facebook to everyone? Why?
How do you get the purple flower button on Facebook?
How do I become friends with someone I'm Facebook friends with?
When did you realise that Quora is better than Facebook?
Why is Messenger sending invites from me to unknown people?
Do Facebook or Instagram use Firebase?
What are some of the creative ways companies curb Facebook addiction of their employees at work?
Should I create a separate account for my company on likedin?
How can I see less news from people and more from pages on Facebook?
I have deleted a recent message on Facebook with a friend but the contact is still on the top of my message log. How can I rearrange?
How do I report an unapproved use of a credit card for an ad campaign by a hacked user on Facebook?
Could I scrape the profiles of my friends (in an Excel file) on Facebook? If so, how?
Instagram doesn't recognize that my Facebook business page exists. How do I fix this?
How is access suspended to a site in a particular country? For example, how did Turkey block Wikipedia, or how did Egypt block Facebook?
How do I know who has shared a post I posted on my Facebook page?
Facebook unpublished my page but allows other pages similar to mine to remain published. How do I resolve this with Facebook and who do I contact?
Can I know someone's Facebook fanpage name through his/her Instagram business account?
Is there an e-commerce platform that is a Facebook app?
Did Tab Ruffin block me on Facebook?
How can I go on my messanger without opening my Facebook account?
How do I impress a girl on Facebook through chat whom I don’t know?
In year 2025, will there be Facebook?
Is life at Quora more beautiful and colorful than at Facebook?
How do I get my old Facebook account I deleted back?
Are sites like Facebook actually limiting the whole idea of the web and the internet by monopolizing it?
What if Facebook and Google never existed?
What's the most interesting social media post you've ever seen?
How do I unblock a message from a friend on Facebook after deleting the conversations?
Why did my guy friend block me on Facebook?
Is it a good idea to get Shutterstock photos for free from Facebook then resell them?
Why did you change your profile picture?
What is the technology used to create closed groups on websites like Google, Facebook, and Quora?
Do celebrities have personal Facebook accounts?
How many customers does Facebook have?
Is there any simple method to go live on Facebook via recorded video?
Are there any browser add ons to alter Facebook functionality?
How do I shut a hacker, who manages to get back in even with repeated password changes and increased security, out of my Facebook account?
How do I appeal Facebook blocking outgoing links to my website?
If you blocked a former friend on Facebook and they wanted to know why, what would you say?
How does Chatous hack Facebook invites?
What should I do if my girlfriend updates her Facebook often than me?
How do you prevent messages on Facebook altogether? I don't have Messenger. My chat is turned off, but it still comes into the inbox. I don't want them.
Where can I read more about mark Zuckerberg using a sword to motivate employees at Facebook?
If I comment on my comment on Facebook, will other people who've commented on my comment receive a notification?
How is it that I log into Quora with my Facebook credentials, then the next day my profile has been suddenly altered?
How can I block Facebook’s ads review system?
How do I know if someone viewed my profile on Facebook?
How do I can delete a like from my post?
Why did Zuckerberg start Facebook?
How did Instagram become so popular though Facebook existed?
How do I know exactly the amount of time I am spending on Facebook every day?
What are some media marketing prices for various social media sites like Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Pinterest, etc.?
What are some smart ways of purging one's Facebook friends list without coming across as a jackass?
What demographics use social media?
Do questions on Quora such as "what are you wearing right now?” likely indicate the 'Facebook crowd' is infesting Quora?
What should I do when someone is killing my group on Facebook using an admin account?
How do you feel when people don't reply even after seeing your messages on WhatsApp or Facebook?
Which is the best social media site: Facebook or Google+?
How can I get on my old Facebook account without my Facebook password and without my Gmail password?
I'm using Incognito mode for Google searching but Facebook still shows ads relevant to my searches. How is that possible?
Why do people confuse Facebook with the internet? Why do they think Facebook is the internet?
Is Facebook using lambda architecture?
What is the best payment method for Facebook ads from Nepal?
What should I do if I want to work at Google or Facebook at any cost?
What are the things you wished a chat messenger should have?
How can I reset my Facebook password without email?
Why is there no mobile version of the Facebook Friends feed?
How do I make the best use of Facebook paid campaigns so as to get good campaign results?
How much does a social media agencies charge?
I created a new Facebook account, and somehow I can't log into my old one anymore. How can I get it back?
What's the FB URL for on the page saying "SECURITY WARNING: Please treat the URL above as you would your password and do not share it with anyone"?
How can I get deleted WhatsApp and Facebook messages through someone's phone?
How can I see the full list of my read books on Facebook?
Why in some Android (M) devices, while video calling on Messenger, isn’t the option of face filters applied through the (* type icon)?
Is there a way to get the Audience Insights from the Facebook pages of my competitors?
Why is Quora quickly becoming like Facebook? Are we Indians responsible for its deterioration in quality?
Does Facebook really pay people to hack into their systems and help them find loopholes?
Facebook unpublished my page because of a false copyright report. Facebook accepted the report was false but will not re-publish my page. What now?
Can I go live on Facebook and Twitter with only my computer, as I have no other devices?
How is Facebook able to not let the technology scanner softwares to detect the technologies it is using?
How can I get my Facebook account back after being banned? I didn't do anything to violate their rules.
Can we get money if we find mistakes in Facebook?
How can I get flower react in Facebook?
How often are the Facebook Pixel events (stats) updated in the Facebook Ads Manager?
How do I search public posts on a specific date on Facebook?
Why is there no sound when I shoot a video for my Facebook story?
What is the billing threshold on Facebook, and why do they charge extra?
How can I verify my Facebook account without Gmail or phone number?
How do I find someone with a fake Facebook account and email?
How can I know anyone’s Facebook password?
Why would Facebook stop showing me my crush's profile, though I never sent her a friend request/message, I just want to browse through her pictures?
Does anybody use the autoliker for FB and feel content with it? Why or why not?
How I can check what is trending on Facebook?
When the green icon is green, does it mean you’re active on Messenger or active on FB?
Why does “map my peeps” show up in Facebook notifications?
When making a new account after my Facebook account was disabled I am logged out and asked for a selfie. Has anyone else experienced this?
Is it possible to make your cellular data look like it's coming from somewhere like Facebook, or receive your data through Facebook?
Why won't Facebook add my images when I share my post?
Has anyone hacked the Facebook website and wrote his own content?
What can I do to counter all the fake Facebook accounts and bots spreading fake news?
How can I make a birthday card on Facebook?
Why won't Facebook load?
How I can re-add a contact on Facebook Messenger after removing them?
How do we physically unsubscribe to all of Facebook, like forever?
Why do people still use Facebook? Why don't they try Masspal?
Why can't I connect my Facebook account to Twitter?
Would it be better for a website that promotes local events to have one Facebook page for each city or a single page for the entire business?
Is it possible to see time stamp on Messenger of someone I unfriended?
Am I able to merge two of my Facebook pages even if my account is temporarily blocked?
Can someone hack my Android phone if they know my Facebook ID?
Can someone know if I save any of their Facebook photos on my phone?
How do you remove the block list on Facebook? I don't want to unblock the users, I just don't want to see them on the list and on Facebook.
Why do people commit suicide live on Facebook?
How do I know a message went to someone I'm not friends with on Facebook?
Is it fine that I'm not checking my boyfriend's Facebook and WhatsApp?
What is the meaning of :D :V in Facebook?
Will Snapchat sustain with competition from Facebook?
How do I unsubscribe from Quora via Facebook?
How can I hack my boyfriend messenger?
Would Facebook allow a PM to work from home 1-2 days a week?
How can I remove a green dot from Facebook?
Has anyone analysed the political leanings of Facebook users?
Why am I getting phished out of my Facebook account?
How do I delete messages from Facebook forever?
How can I add a comment to a Facebook spam report?
Recently I sent a friend request on Facebook to one of my female friends that I really like. We know each other in real life and talk regularly, but a week has gone by and she hasn’t accepted my request. Why would she be ignoring it?
What is the site that allows you to know everything you share on Facebook and generates links from our profile URL?
What are other pastimes, apart from Facebook and obviously Quora, which is on the top of my list?
How do I stop believing that posting to social media is attention seeking?
How do I get rid of boost post messages on Facebook pages?
How can I see the timeline of the person who blocked me on Facebook?
What would World War II have been like if we had Facebook and Twitter?
How does Facebook’s people suggestions work?
Why does Quora only allow us to connect to Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and WordPress? Why not to other sites?
How can I delete Facebook messages from someone on my friends' list? How can I report an account in order for it to be closed forever?
How can Facebook ruin good friendships?
How can I turn on the chat notification in Google Chrome while using Facebook?
How do I estimate the costs for different Facebook ads?
Does Netflix sell your viewing data to Facebook and Instagram?
Can you get the phone number of a friend just by using the Messenger info?
How does Facebook keep track of which people have seen a post in a group?
How do I know if someone is stalking me on but anyway other than appearing in the people you may know list caus I've deleted him accidentally?
There are so many ads on Facebook. How can I get them all to stop harassing my life?
What if my wife has made a fake Facebook account to stalk someone?
What is the ad budget for Facebook?
Are there any websites where you can find some nice Facebook contest materials and ideas?
How do I login into Instagram if there is some suspicious activity on your account, you forgot your recovery email password, and Facebook doesn't work?
Can I send Facebook a photo ID to recover my Facebook account?
How do I find potential customers (for x) based on their Facebook activity?
How do you see your friend's location on Messenger with the red dot?
All of my Facebook friends are unfriending me. Why is this happening?
How do I find friends on Facebook by interest?
Why did BSF dismiss Jawan? Why did the messenger get killed instead of the message?
How do I share a Laravel 5 blog post (custom title, image, URL, and summary) on Facebook?
If a fake Facebook account has been created, what should I do?
My ex's elder sister recently blocked me from Facebook whereas my ex is keeping all his posts public. Why?
Are people as good as they are on Facebook in real life too?
What is best way to earn money with Facebook?
Can we track a person's Facebook profile by copying their Facebook profile link?
Are engineers at big companies like Google or Facebook just superior to middle or small company engineers?
How can I use Facebook to make my app popular?
Facebook disabled my account. Will other users be able to see it during the verification period?
Is it important to be on Facebook?
“I see the world in terms of what I would like to see happen, not what actually does.” page number in book?
How do I find a cell number on Messenger?
How can I upload pics from Google Photos to Facebook and Instagram?
Will there any social networking website bigger than Facebook?
How can I delete a profile from Aisle?
What do you think of Facebook's improved Marketplace?
Should there be legal restrictions when trying to copy others’ app features, like Facebook copied Snapchat?
Why have my Facebook page's net likes dropped so suddenly after I stopped using ads?
Can you see someone's activity log on Facebook?
How can I get my chat back after I deleted it from my Facebook messenger?
Why do some people purposely not use social media websites and applications like Facebook?
If I write something of my own on Facebook (which I intend to use one day in a book), is anybody else who reads it allowed to use it?
Is there any way by which I can know the person who searched me on Facebook?
If someone shares a post of mine on Facebook, should I give a like to that share?
Why do suggested friends in Facebook appear even though you and that suggested person don’t have any mutual friends?
How can I convert posts from my Facebook page to a PDF file which would contain my posted content?
Which is the more profitable website: YouTube or Facebook?
How can I like many people on Facebook automatically?
How do I get access to my Facebook account? I forgot my email and password. I have only my username.
How can I promote my brand most effectively on Facebook without paid methods?
How do I hack a Facebook account which was created with a mobile number?
Why does Facebook change my white image border to off-white/yellow?
How do I see if I'm on a person’s WhatsApp on Facebook?
How can I start advertising on Facebook?
When did Google, Microsoft, and Facebook get serious about machine learning?
Is there anyone selling Facebook verified pages?
How can a 2nd-year college dropout get a good job at YouTube, Facebook or Google, with only Ruby as a primary language?
Which ads convert more, Facebook or Google?
How do I see who has searched me on Facebook?
If you could redesign the Facebook logo, how would it look like?
If Facebook is a building, is it one of the most complicated buildings in the world?
What does it mean when Messenger suggested a non-friend for me to make a voice call with?
Why do some messages on Facebook show the seen notification after a day when the seen time was yesterday when I sent it?
Is there anyone here who knows someone who works at Facebook?
Why can people that I am not friends with on FB see what I say to my real FB friends?
What can be a solution to the fake accounts on Facebook?
On Facebook, can hidden friends still show up as "people you know?"
How do you input a devil smiley on Facebook?
If Pokémon trainers had social media (for simplicity, let's say Twitter or Facebook), what would they post?
How do I target baby products on Facebook ads?
How do websites like MensXP open so fast when clicked from their Facebook page?
How do Americans check their Facebook when they are in China?
Why is my Facebook account temporarily blocked?
What is the best text message you have ever sent/received?
What is the minimum sign on bonus for an average engineer joining Facebook?
On Facebook, how similar do page names have to be to merge pages?
Do Facebook and WhatsApp use AWS for their data backup?
Why is it best to use old pictures for our profile image?
How do Facebook Ads make money from my Facebook page?
Does Facebook have a contingency plan if its “Thumbs up” icon offends users in Bangladesh, Iran, and/or Thaïland and creates a backlash?
How do I control who can see comments made on my Facebook posts?
How do I delete a person off of Messenger?
Is it better to work as an analyst at Facebook or Amazon? What's the strongest brand in the CV?
How do I see other people’s messages on Facebook Messenger?
What can I announce on Facebook to let my friends and family know that I’m a real estate agent and would like them to hire me?
Is it possible to get someone else's messages from Facebook Messenger?
How do I add my Instagram to my FB profile?
Why do some people say on Facebook “please repost but don't share?” Why do they do that? Does reposting a newsfeed cause a virus on Facebook?
How do I get a job at Facebook as a client solution manager in NYC?
How do I optimize my ad’s viewability?
How come I don't see any bad comment about Gurmeet Ram Rahim on any of his YouTube videos, Twitter or any other social networking site?
Why do big, well-known companies like Google and Facebook still need to do marketing?
How can I get the purple flower reaction on Facebook, if I’m from the Middle East?
How can I create a credential to go next to my profile name on my profile page?
I created a group which have more than 130,000 members now on the social network (like FB), how can I monetize or earn using this group?
I have created my own social networking app and how do I monetize it with sponsored ads like Facebook has other than using Google's AdSense?
Is hiding a friend in particular possible on Facebook? If it is possible, then let me know. How do I enable such a feature on Facebook?
How can I overcome my feelings of guilt? I unknowingly Messaged to my friend's girlfriend on Facebook.
What caused the failure of Orkut and the success of Facebook?
How many of the original "Microsoft Five" are still at Facebook?
What’s the best Facebook video you've seen lately?
How come Facebook is syncing my contacts?
How can I get 1,000 Facebook likes for my page?
What does it that mean if a guy does not block you on WhatsApp and Facebook, but he does not respond to your message?
How do I find out who has made my fake Facebook account?
How do I add a free Facebook login on my Vizio TV?
Is it good to ask for your girlfriend’s Facebook account?
Facebook takes a lot of space. How is it possible to remove your Facebook content off a device?
What is the difference between optimizing for a 1-day click and a 7-day click in Facebook?
Why can't I access Facebook for Messenger apps while in Messenger since the newest update?
What is the purpose of degrees (from school, college, university and society) and education?
How do I access Facebook at my school when it is blocked from wifi, and all the proxies are also blocked?
How can you make money from adverts on your Facebook?
Is Facebook 'like' a vanity metric?
Why won't my Messenger app work on Facebook?
Which company possesses better developers, Facebook or Google?
Why did my Facebook Dynamic Ads Campaign stop being delivered?
Should I bother posting pictures on my Instagram, Facebook, and other social media?
What is the best Chrome extension to see the Facebook notification in the TAB?
How much more likely are Facebook comments to receive Likes when they already have a Like, versus when they have none?
What interests should I target on my Facebook ads if I am selling dog beds?
Why did Facebook need permission from the EU Antitrust Commission before acquiring WhatsApp (since both companies HQs are in the US)?
How do you unlike something that you accidentally liked on Facebook?
When someone mutes a conversation what does the other person see on Messenger?
If I change my relationship status on Facebook from into a relationship to single, will it notify the other person?
Why won't Facebook let me upload a profile video?
Why can I still see posts on Facebook of someone I have blocked?
Is it possible to retrieve an IP address from which a Facebook account was being operated if that account was deleted 2-3 months ago?
Facebook shows "Your account is not eligible for this process". How do I get this problem solved?
Do you trust a business that has a Facebook page as its website?
Why is my Facebook message stuck on sent?
What does Facebook do for improving performance and tuning?
How is the war between Snapchat and Facebook going to end?
I'm planning to quit Facebook, what are the good and bad consequences that will follow?
What app or tool can I use to get likes on my Facebook page or followers in my Instagram?
Why is my messenger not working?
Why is Quora showing high interest rate to integrate with Facebook features nowadays?
What is an administrative assistant interview like at Facebook?
Why can’t other websites like Facebook be made?
How can I place ads on TrueCaller through Facebook?
Why are most comments on Trump’s Facebook posts positive while most replies to his tweets are negative?
How can one generate leads for art products through Instagram and Facebook?
How does Mark Zuckerberg earn from Facebook everyday?
Where can I find open source code for common features in web apps, such as Facebook likes, adding friends, etc.?
How do I get off of someone’s Facebook page?
How come I cannot friend request someone on Facebook?
If you wanna host a node js website like Facebook, what hosting company will you choose?
How do Google, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Quora earn money? Who pays them?
How can I make money from Amazon by promoting its product on a Facebook page without a website?
What are the best Facebook groups by subject?
Any tool to know your competitor’s spending behaviour on Facebook ads?
How can I stop people from being able to post photos in the comments of my photos or posts on my Facebook profile page?
How can I create the next big company like Facebook, Google, Apple, with a social purpose without having adequate technical skills?
Is Facebook the most valuable company in the world?
Which is the best Facebook ad type to acquire new customers for my eCommerce site, reach or brand awareness? Which one is the cheapest method?
Where can I find report as spam messages in Facebook?
If I want someone to see 'Facebook User' in place of my name in their message history, what should I do?
Does Facebook have VIP accounts?
In Facebook ads, when you run a re-targeting campaign and a normal campaign, and a user sees both, how do you know to which your attribution goes?
Can I make money from a Facebook page that posts photos for a celebrity?
Is FaceBook a web application​ or not?
Why can't I post anything on Facebook?
What should be my targeted audience (for FB Ads) for a Bollywood News website?
On Facebook, how do I stop seeing posts that say 'My friend A was tagged in a photo' on my timeline?
How is the "People You May Know" feature useful for companies like Facebook and LinkedIn? How does it bring additional revenue to those companies?
Is there a way to increase Facebook page likes or Twitter followers?
Is there any Facebook page liker that doesn't use an access token?
What is the reason behind the face filter app on Facebook? Why integrate a feature that already exists on Snapchat?
How can I send a messenger invite if I'm blocked from FB?
How should I regain lost years of friendship on Facebook (for friendversary) after blocking and then unblocking someone from my friends list?
Why is Facebook so strict? Even if you didn’t post nude pictures, you get blocked. So unfair!
Why is WhatsApp down right now (May 4, IST)?
How should I start a conversation with a girl on Facebook, who I meet 5 years ago?
How do I stop Facebook videos from sticking to the left side when I scroll down?
How can I recover my Facebook account?
Which is safer for my site, Facebook login API or my own code for login/signup?
What is the best paying URL shortener service that accepts Facebook postings?
What is the temporary profile picture of Facebook?
Can I integrate Facebook to run adverts on my social network website? If yes, how?
What are the best auto-likers for Facebook?
In Facebook advertising, how do you report numbers to clients?
Why can't I message someone on my Facebook friends list?
How do I know whether someone read my Facebook message if he/she has no Facebook Messenger app?
Does Facebook/Instagram use image recognition to enrich Audience Insights and target settings on Facebook Ads Manager?
What does the medical community think about the “The truth about cancer" videos that surface twice yearly on Facebook?
Are customers more likely to purchase a product after seeing it on Facebook or Instagram?
How do I remove all the picture from my Facebook profile?
Why does my office boss never like my Facebook pictures?
Why is Facebook's moderation so inconsistent?
How much does Facebook earn from its users' data?
Do you know a VPN that is fast enough to do a video call on Facebook?
Is WhatsApp more secure than Facebook?
Is Facebook's GraphQL API generated automatically?
Why can't I share my answers to my WordPress blog the same way I share them on Facebook and Twitter?
What are some ways to find people on Facebook?
How can I develop a scene for Facebook Spaces?
How long will it take to get hired by the Big 4 (Facebook, Google, Amazon, and Microsoft) from scratch?
How do I get Graph API Facebook post insights from last month?
What is a Facebook pixel?
Why was WhatsApp valuable enough for Facebook to buy it?
What are some great Facebook banner or cover photo templates?
What experiments are run at companies like Quora, Google, Facebook, etc. to implement new product features?
When Facebook says you added someone to your account from your contacts, does that mean from your phone contacts or your Facebook contacts?
How do I transfer my contacts from Lumia 520 to my Facebook account, or Microsoft account?
If someone deletes me off Facebook Messenger, how would I know?
What Facebook page category should I choose if I am a freelance acupuncture therapist/technician?
What time is good to spam Facebook for my app?
How many people use Facebook Messenger without a Facebook account?
Which app is used to make pamphlets or photos to post on Facebook or social media?
How can I send a request to a person if Facebook keep on showing 'send request to person you know only'?
How do I hack Facebook on my phone?
Does Facebook automatically friend someone to your account?
Where can we get more info about the PCIe RetimerCard mentioned in the OCP Facebook page?
What are the benefits and risks of Facebook having a direct voice communicating to users via News Feed?
How do I get my mom's Facebook account unfrozen?
Does Facebook Password Sniper work?
What happens if I change the text of a private event on Facebook? Does everyone invited see the change?
Is Facebook losing its popularity due to Instagram?
What would happen to the iPhone if Facebook removed all its apps from the App Store?
Is the Facebook page Word Porn down?
Is there a way to add an existing Group to a Facebook Page in the new experience they are rolling out that enables a Page to create a Group?
How can I promote my page on Facebook without being charged?
How do I disable likes and comments on Facebook cover photo?
Which app can be included as social media, except Facebook, WhatsApp, Twitter, Instagram, Hike, Snapchat, Google+, and WeChat?
How do I retrieve my Facebook friend list?
What is your most efficient Facebook ad?
Did Facebook abuse the word "friends"?
Why the hell I have to enter Facebook every time to reach or make a question? Isn't once just enough?
Can Quota be used for Facebook?
On my friend’s friend list, the number of friend’s is 90, but I can only see my profile. Restricted mode would not give a number. Why?
How can I auto comment on Facebook posts?
In Swift, how can I match two users randomly who have logged onto my app through Facebook?
How can I best use Facebook ads to market my art?
Is 2017 the actual present or just my timeline?
How can one increase their number of Facebook likes?
Which of has more potential to grow faster, Snapchat or Facebook?
Why am I getting irritated by Facebook?
Can your last active time appear, even when you are blocked on Facebook Messenger?
Why did Mark Zuckerberg choose PHP to make Facebook?
What if I time travel and come back to earth after 50 years, will I able to see my Facebook updates?
How do you avoid the feeling of uselessness when spending too much time on Facebook?
Can I post on Facebook and let just friends who speak a specific language see my post?
Can I get money from a Facebook page?
When we search for someone on FB, what does “user” mean when it comes with the searched name?
What is someone doing when Messenger shows “active now”?
Can friends of friends add you as a friend without agreeing to it?
Is it good to provide prices when selling items on Facebook or not?
How can Facebook Live improve to prevent shocking live streams?
How do I increase the number of visitors and followers of my new Facebook pages, in order to achieve success?
How do reactivate my account with 1freehosting?
Can we find out how long a particular person has been a part of a Facebook group even if he or she is not on your friends list?
You may have heard about the ban on social media in Kashmir Valley. Is there any way of using any social media sites?
Why does Facebook and other websites remember old passwords?
Can nickname-based, open chat rooms have the same virality as real-world relationships based social networks like Facebook?
I have an author page at Amit Ahlawat. I keep my audience updated on it, however the page shows very low levels of audience engagement. How can I improve?
How can I see who shared my profile picture on Facebook?
How do we grow our first 10K subscribers in YouTube, Facebook page, and Twitter effectively?
How can you find a Facebook friend by using his or her ID number?
Why doesn't Twitter implement "Live Video" feature like Facebook?
Can you trust the website emailsupport-Australia.com to provide assistance with Facebook etc.?
Is there a way I can rank people I am not friends with on Facebook by how many of my "good friends" they are friends with by using API?
If I do not log out from FB then will I remain online always to other people?
How are the file and folder structures at Facebook and Google?
What are the top 100 Facebook pages?
The Facebook social login API was having issues earlier. Is the social login for Facebook and/or Google working now for e-commerce sites?
How can you make a wink symbol on Facebook?
Which service is a part of Google, Facebook, YouTube or Twitter?
What is next after Google, Facebook and Amazon?
Is it possible to increase fake likes for a Facebook post?
Do people get promoted easily at Facebook? On average, how long does it take to move from one career level to the next?
For Google and Facebook interviews, is it important to memorize the sorting algorithms?
Our website is the first Google result, but our official Facebook page comes on the 2nd or 3rd page. Is there any way to fix this?
How can you trace a Facebook hack?
How can I find out if my boyfriend is having secret conversations on Messenger, using his login information?
Why does my CPM fluctuate so much on Facebook Ads?
What kind of information can I get from a Facebook user’s friends?
Why is Quora making me use my personal Facebook account. Why can't I use my business page?
On FB Messenger, what does it mean if the person isn't available at the time of sending a message?
Is there a football Facebook page or Android app that informs you of completed transfers?
What are the most notable murders that have been streamed on Facebook Live?
Why doesn’t Mark Zuckerberg write on Quora?
What is the good post for Facebook?
How do I automatically add many friends on Facebook?
How large an audience should I use when running test ads on Facebook?
Does Facebook really give money to these people?
How can I find out my friend’s Facebook password without her knowing?
Is it possible to log in to Messenger Lite without a Facebook account?
Does my Instagram activity show up on Facebook?
Why doesn't Facebook Messenger send email notifications anymore?
If I re-upload a video on Facebook and tag the source, would that consider as a copyright issue?
If my free email ID is older than my Facebook page, will it impact my Facebook page’s visibility? “Older” meaning “before Facebook was founded.”
Facebook​ amounts ​to negativity and distraction, but is also a source of information. Is it advisable to abandon it completely?
How can I get my Facebook contacts off my iPhone?
How can I copy my FB page link?
Will a green dot appear next to a friend’s name if they aren't active on Messenger?
Do narcissts see their friends as "friends" or as competitors?
If someone deletes their Facebook profile and Messenger, do they show up in Messenger?
How do I find out when a Facebook account was made?
Should I send a friend request to my former teacher on Facebook?
Is there anyone who can share the names of big bloggers who specialize in Facebook marketing and Facebook ads in the U.S.?
Why can't I post a profile picture and a cover picture on my business page? Even when I hover over the images, it doesn't give me an option to upload.
What type of brain technology is used by Facebook?
Is it possible to make people complete forms on Facebook?
What is the benchmark for Facebook and Instagram engagement for 2016?
How can I verify my Facebook profile with a blue badge?
Can someone who has access to my Facebook password and telephone number check my account?
Facebook page boost amount?
What's next after Facebook and twitter?
Are my Facebook friends able to see my Facebook pages?
What does a gray dot next to a friend’s name on Messenger mean?
What will happen if you like every single post on your Facebook feed every single day?
How many think that opening a Facebook account was a mistake?
If you could show just one page of your daily diary from your entire life to your love, which page would it be?
Why do you have to wait 48 hours to unblock someone on Facebook?
What voice technology is Facebook's 'Building 8' working on?
What kind of FB page shall I make?
How can I log into my Gmail account that’s associated with my Facebook account?
When you upload an email list on the "suggest page" option on a Facebook page, do the contacts get a notification to view the page?
Why do people on Facebook hate Twilight and Justin Bieber so much?
In which platform were apps like Facebook, Snapchat, and WhatsApp made? I want to make a million dollar app and my idea is also new. Can I do that?
How are you using Facebook?
What 3rd party services does Facebook use to filter content (spam, terrorism, etc.) from a news feed, and the same with Google and Twitter on their platforms?
I want to be able to autopublish on Twitter and Instagram when I post on Facebook. Is there a way?
How do you add someone on Facebook?
Are some girls who are tired of FB and Instagram, now using Quora just to share their pictures? They can skip those stupid questions but they don't. Why?
In which cases would you recommend Twitter ads VS Facebook ads?
What is the use of living?
How do I find out the email address associated with a Facebook account?
Why do companies like Facebook need and have so many workers?
What tools do you use to measure online interactions (on Facebook groups for instance)?
How do I set a manual daily budget in Facebook Ad Manager?
What would happen if Zuckerberg decided to shut Facebook down tomorrow?
Why do most people deactivate their Facebook accounts? Is it so because they had a breakup?
Why can’t I see the number of likes on a comment on Facebook?
How can I Download Video from Facebook to iPhone?
How can one make sure that his/her comments are only visible to the initiator of the post?
Does a delivered message on Messenger mean that it's been read if you click on it and you only see icons with faces?
How should I stop people from posting unflattering pictures of me on Facebook?
Doesn't Facebook violate our privacy by showing our likes & comments in our friend's newsfeed without us having control over it?
How can I send a message to all my Facebook friends automatically?
How do you use Adwords to promote a Facebook group?
If I want to establish a Facebook page for homemade food any ideas of what should I name it And names for natural beauty products also?
How do I login to my Facebook account if I have lost access to the phone number to which the two factor authentication code will be sent?
What would have happened if you would have founded Facebook and not Wikipedia?
Is there any app on Android to change the voice on a Facebook messenger call?
How can someone make from Facebook?
Does my disabled (temporary) Facebook account get restored, if I don't do anything?
Can I send an application using Facebook Messenger?
Has anyone made a friendship on Facebook and eventually gotten laid sooner in Mumbai?
If a message in Messenger sits in sent, does a notification go to their email attached to Facebook?
How can I add my new Facebook account to InterviewBit?
How can Facebook be harmful while studying?
How can I apply an “I Love Mom” filter picture on Facebook?
How do I make YouTube views increase with Facebook?
Why can't I get back on Facebook?
Why is Facebook all of a sudden filled with video's is it losing its charm?
How much budget should I have to advertise my application on Facebook to users in the United States?
How can I make 5000 Facebook friends in an instant?
How do I see the activity on my Facebook page?
How can I stream a pre-recorded video via Android Facebook live?
Why is Facebook not showing me how long my friend has not been active?
How much does having Facebook matter to employers?
Is there anyone who can help teach me English for free, just on WhatsApp or Facebook?
How do I earn via Facebook and Instagram pages?
I'm an admin on a Facebook page. How do I "like" a comment on my page posts as that page?
Is it safe to link Facebook with instaGC?
Can I add her on Facebook without asking?
Can I know the profiles being offered of the people who got placed via UBS in 2017?
How can I change my connection to Quora from a Facebook account to a Google account?
How do we get Facebook Ads insights with an hourly breakdown?
How do I view the older Facebook settings?
I know how to remove a trending topic on Facebook, but how do I get it back?
How can you tell if someone deleted Facebook app?
How did my competitor get so many local valid Facebook likes when they rarely post?
Do you think Google and Facebook have to take responsibility for Fake News?
Why does the Messenger icon show blue even when it says the person is unavailable for calling?
Is it possible to retrieve Facebook “secret conversations” encrypted messages from a person’s own mobile after deleting them?
How can someone get fast likes on Facebook?
Where I can get the FB and Google authentication code?
What are some of the epic FB posts?
Does Facebook have a special appeal to women?
What social activities are most likely to reduce your IQ?
How can I contact Facebook or YouTube for a business offer? Is it possible at all for a startup? Thanks ahead.
How can I collect posts from public Facebook pages related to a specific topic?
Is Quora better than Facebook for sharing knowledge?
Is it possible to hide "active k minutes ago" on Facebook Messenger?
Can I delete everything from my Facebook Messenger so that other people won't be able to see the messages or pics anymore?
Does Messenger tell you if your message request to a non-Facebook friend has been ignored? Answer with proper English, not fresh from Albania.
Social networks such as Facebook use profiles to store information about their users. How do I create a simple database to store these user's profiles?
Does Facebook use Node.js at all?
How do companies such as Google & Facebook hire for non-tech roles? Do they only work on referrals? Or is there something else which I am missing out?
How come when I search a name on FB under suggestions on a person’s page, the name won't show up, but it shows up under their list of friends?
What if India bans Facebook, LinkedIn, Google and Quora?
How can you play Bubble Safari on Facebook?
What do I learn for a job with Facebook?
Do girls who have boyfriends send friend requests to guys they barely know?
What audience interest should I use to get my plus-size boutique seen by plus-size women on Facebook?
What would happen if someone tag a person on a video I shared only with selected people on Facebook?
How can I search my friends on Facebook?
How do I get Facebook to take down my father's fake profile on Facebook? It was created by somebody else, and we are unable to get the password.
Why are my Facebook page posts not going to Twitter?
Why don't I get any likes on Facebook? Why does nobody like me?
My ex hasn't deleted our pics from her Facebook, however she gets mad if I remove them from mine. What does this mean?
What can I do about a fake Facebook account?
What is the best way to target the public that is interested in an e-commerce site through Facebook ads?
How do I verify celebrity Facebook accounts?
How do I curb my Facebook addiction?
Is Facebook going to make Facebook Marketplace a standalone app?
What are the new upcoming features of Facebook revealed by Mark Zuckerberg at F8 2017?
Would you like to delete your Facebook account before your death?
How do websites like Quora or Facebook handle so much user requests?
Is it possible to build a Facebook-, Instagram-, or Quora-like app using REST API?
Why can’t my PC log into Facebook?
If I bought one share of Facebook, would that share involve interest or are there different types of shares that can be invested in?
What do you do when you get bored and don’t want to wast your time on Facebook, Instagram, Quora, etc.?
What are some funny comparisons between Quora and Facebook?
Your partner deletes texts and hides specific things on their Facebook timeline. Would you consider this deceptive behavior?
How do I do link-building when I am doing business via Facebook?
How can I get a huge amount of website traffic from Facebook?
Can somebody read my Facebook messenger posts?
Should Facebook, Google and others be banned?
Why are my Facebook friends still friends with my abuser?
How many likes do I have to have on Facebook to make money?
What is the best way of figuring out the most commonly used words in a certain Facebook group or page?
How can I reach Jared Morgenstern?
Can I get million likes on my Facebook page?
How do I post old photos to Facebook and Instagram stories?
I messaged non-friends on Facebook and it's been sent but not delivered, how do I get them delivered?
Is it possible to fetch other users data from Tumblr using R?
Why is Facebook not attacking and cloning musical.ly like Snapchat in the US?
Is it possible to view all information from my phone on my personal computer, like text messages, WhatsApp, Facebook, etc.?
What do you think about yesterday’s Facebook VR implementations? What communication changes can we expect?
What does the ‘now’ mean under the person’s name in the Facebook messenger?
How do I get inorganic likes on Facebook?
Does Facebook have new rules about posting links to pages?
Is your Facebook cover image mobile friendly?
What are your personal reasons that you don't link your Facebook profile to Quora? That's if this applies to you.
How sustainable is Facebook's business model?
What is the most trending technology common in Google, Facebook, Microsoft, etc.?
How do I allow applications local admin rights using a group policy without giving user admin rights to the whole machine?
Apparently, Facebook can't stand the sight of Snapchat. Why aren't their (failing) cloning efforts frowned upon? It almost seems like Facebook is being saluted.
How can I recover my old Facebook account without Gmail or mobile number and forgotten my password?
How do you add a poll in a Facebook group chat?
Can anyone post pictures of me on social media without my consent?
How can I get ++ apps for Android, like Facebook++?
How do you deal with a fake and envious friend? You just hate seeing their Facebook posts. Is blocking or unfriending​ a great idea?
What would happen to all of the accounts of Facebook users in the current generation after, say, 60 years after all of us would have passed away?
What is Facebook Pixel, conversions and micro conversions?
How do I recover my Facebook password with the normal procedure since I lost the SIM card of telephone?
What will happen if I stop using social apps like WhatsApp, Facebook, Messenger, etc.?
What was your first set Facebook profile picture compared to your newest one?
How can I find someone on Facebook from 8 Ball Pool?
Why doesn’t Quora have an option to stop following my account, like Facebook?
How do I link the birth dates of my friends on Facebook to my iPhone?
How can I delete messages I sent to someone on Facebook in both conversations?
With increasing popularity of Instagram, do you think Facebook will shutdown?
Is there any software or process to increase likes on a Facebook post?
How common is it for people to fall in love with someone after reading their entire Facebook Timeline?
How do I advertise on Instagram and Facebook simultaneously when the accounts are already linked?
Can you share your picture here? Do you use another social networking sites like Instagram, Facebook, etc?
Is being true that Europeans publish less of their photos than Asians on Facebook?
Can I trace my laptop without knowing its Mac address, by using the Wi-Fi previous record, an email sent from that, or a Facebook account?
When we comment on posts which come on Facebook, can all people see this?
How can we add members in a group?
What are the Indian (indigenous) options of Facebook, WhatsApp, Quora, Google in India, as the Chinese already have developed their own?
Why don’t Facebook Messenger and WhatsApp use WebSocket?
Why do Korean people keep showing up in my “People You May Know” list?
How does Facebook choose who shows up in the chat sidebar? What does the green light mean?
How much do photo sharing apps like Instagram, Snapchat, Facebook compress images?
If a famous person lets you send them a PM on Facebook, does that mean that they like you?
How do I know who to unban in a Facebook page?
What would you do if your invisible friend vanished?
What is your opinion of Facebook addiction among Indians?
Who did Tenisha Jackson chat with the most on Facebook?
How do I hack Facebook account on Android without root?
What is the revenue model for Facebook games?
What are the best ways to keep a business focused Facebook group active?
What is the perfect budget strategy for Facebook ads if I'm doing dropshipping?
Is there any tutorial on how to monetize my 100k organic followers on a Facebook page with my blog?
Would Mark Zuckerberg shutter Facebook Live if the product were used to live-stream the murder of a white Facebook employee?
What are some good chat sites like Facebook?
Can I link more than one Facebook account to one Instagram account?
How can I automatically mass invite people who like my posts to like my Facebook page?
Why was the Note feature in Facebook scrapped?
How do I share a GIF file from Facebook to Whatsapp?
Is it legal to share other people's public shared Facebook pictures on my Facebook page?
How do I get a job with Google or Facebook if I am from India?
How much time did you spend on Facebook?
How do I stream Facebook data using Apache spark?
Is there any plugin to video block from Facebook apart from its default settings?
What does it mean on Facebook Messenger when the status says active a minute or x minutes ago but the green icon is off?
What are the monthly incomes of the owners of Facebook and Google?
What major announcements did Facebook make at the F8 in 2017?
What makes Quora more respectful than Facebook?
Wouldn't Facebook have strong advantages if they entered into competition against Uber, Thankeyou and Airbnb?
What are the details of advertising on Facebook?
What are other sites you can start a group on besides Facebook?
What advice would you give to a person/friend who keeps posting/saying quotes on Facebook about fake friends? And what does that say about the friend?
How can I advertise my Facebook page free of cost on Facebook?
How can (and should) I tell my friend to stop oversharing on Facebook?
Is it also possible to create Facebook ads for Australia being located in Germany?
Why does Facebook keep asking for documents, when I already submitted documents 2 times?
How can I know the true identity of a person on Facebook?
How can I disable Facebook's appointment feature?
Which are the most interesting closed groups on Facebook concerning productivity and self-improvement?
Is it possible to have Gmail and Facebook accounts if I am under 18?
How can I hook up Amazon Alexa to Facebook?
Can we find the amount of sales that are generated every day in the advert manager on Facebook?
What programming software was used to create Facebook Messenger, Snapchat and WhatsApp?
Can you stop a user from knowing that you checked his or her profile on Badoo?
Is Sanjeev Bhatt’s Facebook account fake?
How long does it take to enable Facebook account if it disabled by Facebook itself?
What is the future of messaging apps in providing customer service (WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, vChat)?
What are the latest Facebook video marketing techniques?
Does Facebook keep a permanent record of their user's entire Activity Log, even once the users delete their activity/search history?
Should Facebook consider Quora a future threat? I believe Quora has the potential to make FB irrelevant.
People are using Twitter and Facebook where their freedom of expression has been removed and people are stacked in little groups with the same opinions. Why?
How can I close my Facebook account?
Is it possible to create a plugin for Facebook that automatically modifies the call-to-action button (e.g. Shop Now) on someone else’s Facebook page?
I cursed a girl I know out on Facebook Messenger. She didn't reply, but she didn't delete me or unfriend me. What does this mean?
Why don’t the top programmers and engineers working at Facebook and Google make their own app or something new so that they can replace these companies?
What is the highest number of shares any of your Facebook posts has ever achieved?
Can I translate any article at any website and publish it on my website or Facebook ?
How do I block Facebook and LinkedIn notifications in Gmail?
People seem friendlier on Instagram than on Facebook. What role does UI design play in that?
Why aren't erections allowed on Facebook?
A friend of mine on Facebook recently added 4 people but I can only see 3, is there a way to find out who this is?
How did Mark Zuckerberg draw the line of friendship and business with his first 50 employees?
Why did Facebook change the UI for changing profile pictures?
How do I remove a bad photo of myself from Facebook that someone else posted?
When someone blocks you on Facebook, how long does it last before it gets lifted?
What is the way to advertise on Facebook to the whole UK through boosting my post for anyone who is working?
How many friends do you have on Facebook and how many of them are your close friends?
Whether they speak about spirituality, entrepreneurship, health or investing, who are your favorite people to follow on Facebook?
Do you know any Facebook accounts of the top Clash Royale players?
If Facebook, Snapchat, or one of the other big social media websites went out of business, what would happen to all of the data they've collected?
How do I recover a post I deleted from Facebook?
How do I convince Facebook that I always want to see the 'Most Recent' feed?
How can I search friends on Facebook by email?
Can I see who is visiting my FB page?
How do I make the Twitter account @dopeandnerds famous?
Why does it say “no friend suggestions”?
How do I prevent my Facebook fan page from being unpublished?
She always responds to my WhatsApp messages, but not to my Facebook messages. She is always online on Facebook. Should I leave her?
How can I delete photos and shared content in Messenger?
What needs to be done to keep Quora from being hijacked by political vested interests like Facebook?
Where can I buy sparklers (fireworks) online in India with COD facility (could be any site, Facebook page, Instagram account, etc.)?
What would you do to a friend on Facebook who's ​been talking bad about you behind your back and being envious? Block him, or leave him in your friends list?
How do I remove the annoying bar of Direct/Your Story from showing up at the top of my news feed on Facebook?
Why can't I see all persons who reacted to my FB photo?
Where I can get Facebook and Google+ authentication codes?
How can I create a Facebook add that profitable?
What policies/restrictions exist around paying people to post to their Facebook, Instagram and Twitter timelines?
How can I stop getting distracted by Facebook and other social sites?
What offerings does Facebook have for real estate agents to advertise? How effective is it?
Where can I find someone to help me get my hacked Facebook ID back? I don’t even know the email.
Is there any way to get a wider newsfeed on mbasic.facebook.com?
Is there a way to disable the Your Story feature in the Facebook mobile app?
How do I create a second Facebook account account without relating it to my current or original one?
Can I use my Quora address on Facebook?
Will blocking someone's phone block them through Facebook?
What if you are in love with your Facebook friend?
How do I recover deleted Facebook photos?
In Facebook API, is there a way to get a mentioned/tagged person in a post or comment?
How can I get data from a Facebook individual’s profile?
Why is it that a man thinks it's ok to have photos and videos open on all sites and thinks he needs over a thousand friends on Facebook?
How can Quora be useful in JEE preparations with creating an extreme contrast to Facebook?
Is there any way to detect visitors viewing our Facebook profiles?
What are the best ways to understand the behaviour of my Facebook page's fans?
Why do people share personal pics on Facebook? Does it help anyone?
How do I use Facebook app without risking my privacy?
How am I able to change the event photo on Facebook?
Suppose xyz is a social networking site that will replace Facebook. What features will you expect from xyz?
Is there any automated way to reply on Facebook comments?
What is the largest Facebook group and page?
What if Facebook suddenly disappears?
Is replying on Twitter like commenting on a post on Facebook? If so, is it publicly posted?
How can I find Personal Ads on Facebook?
Facebook updates its Android and iOS application without an update from the App Store or Play Store. How is this possible? Is it a hybrid-using web?
Why is everyone so obsessed with Mark Zuckerberg?
How do you know if someone's online profile is real or fake?
A family member sent me a friend request on Facebook, should I add them?
How do I target a Facebook ad for selling LulaRoe?
What would've been better for Snapchat's founders, an IPO or taking the $ 3 billion dollar offer from Facebook?
People usually comment score when I become friends with someone on Facebook, what does their comment actually mean?
Where can I see video from the breakout sessions at Facebook f8 conference?
How can I effectively block someone on Facebook?
On Facebook Messenger, can someone tell if you have searched for something in the conversation?
My Facebook profile isn't going public even though my settings are all set to everyone. Is there a way to force it to go public?
How can I fix a problem creating events on a Facebook business page?
Why I cannot send a second friend request to someone in Facebook?
In this age of WhatsApp forwards, which digital media or Facebook pages can we turn to for credible news and journalism?
Why is my Facebook sidebar so rectangular? In the chat avatars. For my family member all their Facebook sidebar are circles in the avatars?
How can I stop the frequent blocking of my Facebook account?
How much money does Facebook take away from India?
How can I share my responses without seeing other replies?
When you share a post with friends on Facebook, can other people see it?
How can I begin with Facebook ads?
How do I stop friends from seeing my comments/likes on other pages?
Why companies like Intel, Google, Facebook are against the immigration measures of Trump?
What is your opinion about Ravindra Babu Ravula going live on Facebook and discussing with students on general matters?
Should I start up a sales website or do I create a Facebook page and sell the product there, mainly to save cost?
How can I add a link to my "Send to Mobile" button in Gameroom?
How do I target parents who have children with upcoming birthdays on Facebook ads?
How do I make the Facebook comment box display on Blogger mobile view?
How do I change my Facebook address?
Where can I post my Facebook page so that everyone can see it and like it?
How does someone react when their Facebook account is hacked?
How can I retrieve a deactivated account of an old friend who I want to get in touch with?
How do you hide your feed from other people on Instagram?
How do I use Facebook Messenger Ads for business?
How do online portals like Amazon and Facebook get people's money in their pockets technically?
Why doesn't Facebook Messenger say the dates of when someone reads your messages?
How come a comment notification appears in your email and YouTube notifications box but doesn’t appear in the comments section of a video?
What are the benefits of using advert sets in Facebook?
How do I update my profile picture and name on messenger?
How do you get a job in Facebook Engineering?
Do you have to have Facebook to use Messenger?
Are there examples of Facebook fan page headings?
How do I find someone's Facebook account using a picture?
How can I know about Facebook audience targeting?
How do I make a social networking site like Facebook without sufficient knowledge of software?
Is there anyway to bypass users on my app needing to click "send invite" to a friend on Facebook?
Are there any social networks that have the appearance of Facebook?
How much time does Facebook take in reviewing an additional document?
Is there a way to see all of my Facebook actions since day 1?
How much money should I invest per day in Facebook ads to promote a product if I'm doing dropshipping?
Is it possible to get a notification when someone activates their account on Facebook?
What does it mean if my Messenger message was sent but not delivered?
What is the difference between inFeedo and Facebook Workplace? Are they competitors of each other?
What Facebook groups is the best for business owners?
If I confirm a relationship request on Facebook, will it show on everyone's feed?
Why does Facebook update your account whenever they want to?
What makes you stay away from Facebook?
I created a Facebook account when I was 11 years old, but now I'm 15 years old. Would it be a good idea to change the year I was born from 1992 to 2002?
Does Facebook scan peoples brains?
How do I send automatic friend requests on Facebook?
Can we read someone's Facebook messages?
Why doesn't the new update of Facebook Messenger open in the gallery?
When running a Facebook ad campaign, how do I estimate the cost per impression, before launching?
How can I make a Facebook survey?
My Facebook ID security check code was sent to my old phone number, and it won't let me select a different one. How do I change it?
Can I send messages to more than one person at a time on Facebook? What happens when I do so?
Why doesn't Facebook get sued for copyright?
Can I view all of a specific Tumblr account’s posts, comments, replies, and likes?
How can I send more than 500 people an event invite on Facebook?
Does Facebook always know if a person is parent or it can miss a good percent of times - asking this from Facebook advertising perspective?
How often is the code refactored at Facebook/WhatsApp/Instagram?
I sent my teacher a Facebook friend request and she hasn't accepted it or rejected it. What does this mean?
Is Quora becoming the next Facebook, where people do stupid things?
What kinds of apps and software do Facebook and Microsoft buy?
Is there a way to automatically remove all tags of someone on my Facebook page? I have deleted all 'couple' photos of my ex and I don’t need to block.
How do you tag multiple people/groups on Facebook?
How do you know if you have posted an inappropriate status to Facebook?
Does Facebook measure the reading time on a location of a feed?
Is Quora's 'upvote' an equivalent to Facebook's 'like '?
Is Quora addictive like Facebook and other social sites?
How's Instagram different from Facebook if it just enables us to upload photos and videos what we can always do on Facebook?
Is Facebook’s marketing unreliable?
How do I know if my friend is currently on a video chat on FB Messenger?
Do you prefer your friends on Facebook share photos or short videos of their vacations?
How does Facebook Code Generator feature works?
How can I get notifications about a person of what he posts or what his friends post on his timeline who is not in my friend list in Facebook?
What does it mean if you added a person on Messenger?
How do I make a page on Facebook where I can sell handicrafts?
How do I put my videos on Facebook to Flipagram?
Are there any groups on Tumble, like the Facebook groups?
Why do some people replace “a” with “v” in Facebook posts and Messenger conversations ?
Is there a way of viewing content from a Facebook group without a Facebook account (such as a shareable link like on Google)?
Does Facebook affect students?
Are ads available on Facebook Free Basics?
How much do we need to spend on Facebook or Instagram advertising (hypothetical number)?
How can I see when I was last logged in on my PicsArt account?
Do you know of any social network that uses common interests and algorithms to suggest friends, instead of being based on common friends?
Each time you message a non-friend on Facebook Messenger, do they have to accept your request for each message you send?
How do I check which Facebook friend requests I've declined?
What would Facebook look like if it didn't depend on our confirmation bias?
How do I find the email ID of an unknown Facebook user?
How can I return to my old Facebook password after changing it?
How can I see who looked at my Facebook profile?
What is the best way to market a Facebook shop and extend its reach?
How do I get Facebook's API for my app?
Why doesn't Facebook buy Snapchat?
What is Facebook magazine? What is the way to build a Facebook magazine using digital marketing services?
Why does Facebook page-plugin display one page and not another?
What are the reasons for an invalid Facebook page name?
Why does it beep before it rings when I call someone on Messenger?
Why do people on Quora blame social networking sites like Facebook, WhatsApp, etc.?
How is it to be at Facebook, Google, Microsoft, or Apple as an intern?
Why are Facebook's videos psychedelic?
What's the realest thing someone has ever said to you?
How do I get more visitors to my blog from social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.?
Which has more impact on daily life: Facebook or Quora?
For a new marketing consultant, should I focus 100% and master Facebook for client marketing services?
How can I download all the photos shared on Facebook Messenger (with one click)?
What happens if Facebook asks for my ID proof, and I never give it to them?
Is there a way to find the most liked picture on any random Facebook public page?
What does the flower smiley in Facebook denote?
What will you miss if you don't open Facebook and Instagram for a year?
How do I invite someone to Messenger who is not on Facebook?
What's the difference between Facebook and YouTube in terms of their ad releasing strategy?
What reason is there for someone disappearing from my “people you may know” list on Facebook after a period of time? I didn’t remove him.
How can one figure out the true identity of a person on Facebook?
Is there any way that I can see a list of people on Quora, like those on Facebook?
What’s the website where you can put your Facebook ID URL and it automatically generates all the links to show what you’ve shared publicly?
Can I view nude Facebook pics that were removed?
Is it possible for a startup to catch up to Google/Facebook in AI?
How can I change my profile pic on Messenger now that I have removed Facebook?
How can I get that blue tick on my official fb page?
How can I hide a Facebook page from myself?
I accidentally pressed the ‘limit old posts’ feature on Facebook and I want to get rid of that. Is there any option available?
How do you make money on a Facebook page?
I have a Facebook login button on my webpage with the relevant scopes, how can I get a list of users who log in using that button?
Why doesn't Facebook or Google provide free Internet to poor people?
Is there a secondhand selling/sharing group (Facebook group/community/store) in Halle, Brabant, Belgium?
Will Facebook Pixel count a conversion multiple times for different URL parameters?
Which strategies can be used to make people like a brand's Facebook page during an event organized by that brand?
Which is the best website to buy Facebook Likes cheap?
What is your opinion on the Facebook group, Offensive Humour 2.0?
How do I read back a comment from a page if the owner deleted my comment on Facebook?
Is it liberating to run a Facebook account with no friends, letting anyone comment on your public posts?
What is the meaning of the Facebook reaction having a purple flower?
How do you get un-shadowbanned from Instagram?
Will you feel jealous if your boyfriend gives love reacts on Facebook to photos of other women?
Can there be a Facebook app that can read conversations and send them back to app owner?
How can we report a fake ID on Facebook?
Its is safe to convert my personal Facebook account in to a business page?
How can I recover a Facebook account if I have forgotten my password as well as the email address and the phone number linked to it?
If there is an admin on a Facebook page who is ghosted (i.e., you can't tell who that admin is), how can you take over the admin status?
How many people are using the Facebook Stories feature?
How much should I charge a month to manage an Instagram and Facebook for a car dealership? I will report analytics, create original content, and run sponsored ads on both platforms.
Can I use Presto on Facebook to retrieve public posts from a specific city?
How can I be successful with my Facebook art page without spending too much time and money?
Roman Saini's Facebook page is not yet a verified account by Facebook. Why?
How can I contact Facebook HQ?
A friend posted to my timeline. Can I see the audience they selected?
Why do certain websites like Poshmark or Facebook have continuous feed pages? I don't like continuous feeds and I will not go to any site that does it.
How can I access Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and all the other blocked sites in China?
How can I hack someone by sending a message through Facebook?
Why can't Quora ever surpass FB or WhatsApp in popularity?
How do I bring down Facebook ads cost?
How does Facebook earn billions?
Is the Facebook automation tool www.fbmarketingautomation.com any good?
During Facebook’s startup, did Mark Zuckerberg write all the code in one language, or did he know most of the languages at that time which are being used, today?
Can you use replies from your Facebook posts in a printed media without any intellectual property issues?
What are some of the functionalities that social media apps like Snapchat, Facebook, WhatsApp, YouTube, Pinterest, and Instagram lack? What are social media apps going to look like in the next five years?
Do you think it is a good idea for Facebook to allow us to unsend messages in Facebook Chat/Messenger?
Can anybody help? My Facebook account was hacked.
How can I create a button for my users to share a link on Facebook with query strings generated by them when submitting a form on my website?
How can I change my Facebook relationship status without notifying everyone?
What is the Facebook Camera Effects platform?
Is Facebook going to add a theme feature, a set background color or an image option for the mobile app or is there anyway one can do it using APKs?
How can one apply data science to Facebook ads?
How did Zuckerberg made money after making Facebook?
Shouldn't we consider Google, Facebook, Amazon, and other big companies as monopolies, and slash them?
If you open Facebook on Instagram & accidentally click on hide button on someone's profile picture without logging in, will the person know about it?
What if I make a social networking site like Twitter, Facebook with different colour and texture? Will I face a copyright act? What should I do to avoid it?
How do you link Facebook accounts?
How do I turn off Chrome desktop notifications for Facebook Messenger but not Facebook?
Is there a way to find abandoned Facebook pages?
Can something eliminate Facebook in future?
How can I log into my Facebook account without a password? It is linked to my Yahoo ID which I can no longer access?
How do I write a farewell message for college, which I would like to post on Facebook? The message should not be too emotional and a little funny.
Do they have Facebook in North Korea? Because sometimes when I go to Facebook live map, I find some 1 or 2 lives broadcasting from there.
How can I find a contact number on Messenger?
How can I share a Facebook post to Twitter?
What should I write in an open letter to Fb Sister?
On Facebook, does a friend's post suddenly appearing on your feed (when it usually doesn't) mean that they've been looking at your content?
What are the best social media platforms for insurance?
Should I promote my YouTube channel or Facebook page (related to my business) first, or enrich the page/channel content first, then start to promote?
What is the direct feature in Facebook, and how do I open it in the desktop version?
What's the weirdest thing you've seen on your Facebook feed?
How do I manage multiple Facebook campaigns in one place?
How I can check who has shared my photo post on Facebook?
What type of post (picture, link, event, mention, shares, etc.) on your Facebook business page do you find receives the most engagement with your target audience?
How do I count a company's Facebook post?
Can you get old Facebook messenger messages recovered somehow?
How much does Facebook pay for a PhD in machine learning?
Why is my deactivated Facebook account still visible to the public and on my old friends’ 'friends lists'?
Which is the best platform/CMS for creating a social network website just like Facebook?
What do you think about AIB's post on FB about Quora?
What results are required in order to get followers on Facebook?
Does Square integrate with Facebook Messenger?
How can I edit my cover photo on Facebook?
What are some of the best meme pages in Facebook and Instagram?
Why are people still on Facebook?
Is there a Facebook messenger alternative for windows phone?
Why does Facebook offer its 'Year in Review' and 'Look Back' videos?
Why is my deactivated account still visible in my old Friends lists?
How I can log in Facebook without log in approval?
If you remove someone from ‘suggested friends’, can they come back?
Facebook is showing me advertisements for items I searched on Amazon. How is Facebook doing this?
How do I add to the Book section at the left side of my Facebook profile page?
How do I know who view my photos on Facebook?
How one can be sure that owners of Facebook, Twitter, Gmail or any other interactive platform cannot see private messages users send over those?
Is it possible for the time/date of a message (not a stat) on Facebook to bed falsified (i.e., made earlier)?
Who is the person(s) or company behind the Tasty cooking videos you often see on Facebook?
If you decline a message request on Facebook Messenger, can that person send you another message request?
How can I retrieve all my chats that I have deleted from Facebook?
Who according to you is the most unbiased and intelligent Facebook page admin?
Why do couples say that they love each other on Facebook three times a week? Is Facebook the center of the universe?
How do I get a Facebook notification of non-friend people?
How do I know if people have checked my FB profile?
Which is the best work app to work with my team: Facebook Workplace or Slack?
My custom show\hide button defaults to show on page refresh, how do I stop that?
Why does Facebook tell me that I have 4 new views when I cannot even see who viewed my profile and what do I do with these notifications?
How do I know if my Facebook account is temporarily blocked?
Why do people post airport terminal information on Facebook?
How do you hide what pictures you liked when someone searches for them on Facebook?
How can I know if a post of a Facebook page is an ad or not?
How do I see the profile picture of my friend who has blocked me?
Is there a way to permanently delete the Messenger app and message through Facebook only?
How do I block someone I am already blocked from on Facebook?
Can I log into Facebook using Instagram?
How can I access my husband’s Facebook account?
There’s a Facebook name that I need for my page, but someone already has it. Their page was last used in 2010. Is there a way I can get that username?
People say there are many flaws in Facebook. They are saying you can get thousands of followers just like a celebrity in a few days. Is this true?
How can I add all my friends to my closed face-book group without getting blocked?
How do I switch from privacy to public on a Facebook app?
What is the Facebook Messenger 2.0 platform, and why is it important?
What are the disadvantages of making Facebook account?
Who handles Prabhas' Facebook account?
How can I find the person who hacked my Facebook account?
Is it okay to copy an article from Quora to Facebook?
How can I make more people join Facebook groups?
How do people make money through Facebook pages under the entertainment category?
How can one copyright the writings in one's Facebook page?
How do I see newly added friendship posts on Facebook?
Is it possible to run a JavaScript code snippet on my Facebook profile to check if someone's snooping?
How do you deactivate mutual friends on Facebook?
Does it show my face on a Messenger video call?
What are some more tricks on Facebook?
What is the best way to upload a picture to Facebook?
Can I view my messages on Messenger.com if I have subscribed with my phone number (without a Facebook account)?
Which are the informative apps that I can use instead of wasting my time on FB, Insta or WhatsApp?
Should I stop posting status updates in Facebook if I don't get enough likes?
Will big companies like Facebook, Google and Rockstar accept me as a programmer without degree?
What are the names of websites to be used instead of wasting my time on Facebook?
What attribution tools give you insights into your Google and Facebook campaigns beyond what the platforms do by themselves?
How do I upload a video to make it autoplay in my Facebook timeline and Facebook page?
Does the Facebook app save your history?
Why does Facebook update its APK every other day?
What should I write on my Facebook wall to tell people that I am leaving Pune due to a transfer?
How do I find out who was the creater of a deleted page or profile?
Is there software that gives me the list of my Facebook friends who interact with me the most/least?
What are the ways to get a Facebook friend's (a girl) phone number?
Can you track someone's IP from a comment he posted on Facebook?
How much would you have to spend to boost a post on FB to 1 million people?
Which font did Facebook use for their F8 2017 keynote?
What are the preferences for group posts?
Is it possible to ban plastic use completely in India? If so, how can we, as laymen, help to promote these ideas among the public, apart from using Facebook or any other social media?
How do I set Facebook page name like PewDiePie, without giving any space?
How do you find videos on Facebook?
An anonymous Facebook friend has told my girlfriend that I was on a Messenger video chat. How did she know?
Where can I learn more about the Facebook places graph?
How do I get someone’s contact info on Messenger?
Why isn't my university updating my merit page?
What is the right Facebook experience for your age?
Why don’t my social apps, Facebook, and WhatsApp remain connected to the internet? Every time I have to turn the mobile data off and then on to get notifications.
How can I know the exact location of a person who sent a message from the general Facebook website using mobile?
Do you know any pages on Facebook for crazy commercial ideas?
What might be cooking inside Facebook?
Does Facebook, Google, and Quora hire people on the basis of degrees or skills in other countries, such as India?
Are there students who used to waste their time on Facebook and then stopped?
I followed a person accidentally and then unfollowed them on Facebook. Will they receive a notification​?
How do I create Facebook notification using web worker?
Why did Facebook and Zuckerberg allow Social Network to be made?
How can I apply for Facebook’s new 3000 live-streaming monitoring jobs?
Does Facebook use metadata-driven development?
What data does Facebook SDK collect from app users?
First came Google. Then came Facebook. Meanwhile Amazon transformed into one. What company or technical field will be/create internet's next giant?
How and on what basis do people get their Twitter/Facebook/Instagram accounts verified?
What is an appropriate line for a best friend who can’t be a Facebook friend?
How can I find people who have English content and they need a French translation, using Facebook groups?
Should I add online friends because I get a lot of requests?
How can I get more relevant and active followers for my Facebook page?
What are your favorite solutions to some of the biggest problems in the world?
How do I take a cool Facebook profile picture?
How can I see a friend’s active log?
How do I make FB accounts?
Is there an actual app or easy way I can monitor my spouse’s Facebook and email activity, besides leaving a long ad to hire some super hacker?
Did Mark Zuckerberg revolutionize artificial intelligence by creating Jarvis?
What is the best online tool for building a viable, engaging business network? LinkedIn? Facebook? Other?
How can I verify Facebook musician/band page?
What kind of data can I get from a Facebook user’s friends list after they log in using Facebook?
How do I create a catchy page for selling jewellery via FaceBook?
How can Facebook know if I scraped my custom audience mail list (Gmail, Hotmail etc.)?
What type of copyright issues can I expect if I’m creating a TV series page on Facebook?
How can we know when a person logs into Facebook?
How can I get Facebook to send me a new password for my ten-minute mail?
How can I see my boyfriend’s messages to other women on Facebook?
How do companies like Facebook, Google, and Microsoft hire employees?
How do I install Facebook CTF on Linux?
What is the procedure for getting the original information of a person from his fake Facebook account?
Is there any way to see older passwords list in Facebook?
What is the best way to have Many folowers on Facebook group?
Can a company sue me for a bad review on their Facebook page in Dubai?
How does Google/Facebook test their products? What are their automation testing strategies?
How can I read my partner's Facebook Messenger without having his phone?
How can I gain access to my Gmail and Facebook accounts? I don't have the same phone or number or the passwords associated with my accounts.
Have you liked a picture on Facebook/Instagram just for the sake of liking it?
Should we block people on Facebook whom we don't agree with? Under what circumstances should we block and under which should we not?
Why don't Indian women share pictures of their husbands on Facebook, and why do they never mention whom they're married to?
How can I block my Facebook page post from a specific person?
How important are software patents to a new Facebook or Google?
Can a person have more than one Facebook account?
How can I see the posts of a closed group and what they posted?
Can you post something that's not live on Facebook live?
Can you delete a group on Facebook?
Is there any real hacking of Facebook?
How do I delete all my Facebook posts at once? I am using an Android/Windows PC.
How can I find out who's looking at my Facebook profile that's not on my friend?
How can I automatically post on Facebook?
How do police track a deleted Facebook account's user IP address that was deleted 3 months ago?
What is the term for Mark Zuckerberg who is not money worshipper in all of his vocation?
How do I operate a Facebook fan page globally?
Will Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, etc. still be around in 50 years?
How do I change my Google Now feed so that it shows me local cards?
Why doesn't Facebook bring back the security feature of login approvals?
How do I allow people to subscribe to my email list using their Facebook account?
Who are the 10 best Facebook bloggers on weight loss?
Why does wowcrush.com not open in a tab, but it works while entering it in the comment box in Facebook?
Is there any tool to monitor relation status changes on Facebook?
How do you do dropship directly from Facebook?
What are the benefits of creating a Facebook page?
How can I monetize a Facebook group with more than 340K members?
Why do I sometimes get texted random Facebook password reset code messages?
Soon Facebook will die, as Mark Zuckerberg predicted the smartphone will die. The question is when?
Which is the best Facebook group on startup hiring?
Will Facebook be regulated? What would regulation look like?
Is there any feature on insta which enables people to accept requests of other users automatically?
How do I get a low click on Facebook ads?
Should I set up a new website like HONY’s Facebook page, but with more details?
How do I set up a new Facebook account with a different name and email?
Are affiliate links accepted for paid ads on Facebook, Google or other search engines?
Does the blue tick on Genelia D’Souza on Facebook indicate that it’s her who uses this account? Will she read my messages, or someone else will?
What kind of sponsored ads show up on your Facebook feed? Do they interest you or annoy you?
A page on Facebook stole one of my answers on Quora and posted it as their own. What can I do?
How could we fetch conversations from a deactivated account on Facebook?
What are some ways to close a page on Facebook?
How do Apple, Microsoft, Google, and Facebook compare at doing hardware?
Where do I find a Facebook strategist and a Facebook consumer acquisition specialist who can be results paid?
If nearby friends say 1mn, does that mean they were on Facebook a minute ago?
What is Facebook Audience Network?
Who inspired Mark Zuckerberg to invent Facebook?
How do I tag friends on Facebook on Android?
What do you think regarding the meme culture that is becoming more and more prevalent in Facebook (and internet in general)?
How do I promote a URL shortening website via AdWords, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.?
How do I create a test campaign in Facebook AdWords?
Whenever I mention someone in a Facebook comment, it is visible to everyone. How can I avoid that?
Can my Facebook post be seen by friends “through” the reaction of a friend to whom I have limited the post through "Custom"?
How can we see someone’s Facebook profile if they have blocked us?
How will Facebook respond to murders and suicides being streamed on Facebook Live?
What does this means, “This advert format is not currently supported in the desktop news feed”?
A kid asked my girlfriend for nudes on Facebook. He has a girlfriend, but kept asking for it. We found his mom on Facebook. Should we tell her?
Where can I find the Facebook page verification form?
How do I prevent Facebook from blocking my Facebook account?
One of my questions is not on my questions list but can be found on a Quora search with my name credited. What happened?
Can I sue Facebook for asking my identity?
Are there any Facebook pages like TheBetterIndia?
Why does Tinder show a friend I recently added on Facebook?
What's the best Facebook auto group poster software in 2017?
What do the ticks mean in Messenger?
How often do Facebook and Zuckerberg get sued?
How can I turn auto response on on Facebook when someone messages?
What could be the Facebook audience for men's business watches product?
Is it illegal to post on Facebook a Google Drive link (shared with everyone) with a film I uploaded which violates copyright law?
Why do couples carry on conversations on Facebook rather than a phone call or text?
One requires code to run a website, so would it be possible to run Facebook with only one person?
Can I change the name of my Facebook page even if my account is temporarily blocked (i.e., I can't write anything)?
If Mark Zuckerberg ran for President and won, assuming China and other leaders allow FB to operate, is it in shareholders interest for him to run?
What's Facebook’s Como package for support engineers?
Can a freelancer cheat their customers as Mark Zuckerberg did with Winklevoss twins, according to the movie “Social Network”?
How can a minor monetize their Facebook pages?
What is the need of Facebook?
What would happen if Facebook is globally banned?
Do guys check their other messages when they have a crush on any stranger and they expect that stranger to message them on Facebook?
What percentage of Facebook users share their email IDs?
Can Google remove Facebook from the Play Store if they pose a significant threat to their business?
What are the recent changes in Facebook?
What does it mean when a friend (boy) likes a picture from few months ago on Facebook?
Why is pornography allowed on Instagram and Twitter, but strictly banned on Facebook?
How can we stop the “active now” on Messenger?
I accidentally clicked "prevent person from sending more requests" on Facebook and my best friend did the same thing, how do I re-friend him?
How do I find the number of Facebook users in a specific city?
Is Keanu Reeves on any kind of social media like Facebook or Twitter?
On Facebook, what happens when you "filter" a photo?
How do I create a contest on a Facebook page?
How can I sync Facebook birthdays to Google Calendar?
Is it possible to be blocked when you are not friends on Facebook?
Are there jobs at Facebook, Twitter, Google, Netflix etc., for someone who passed 10th?
How am I gonna open my pictures in Facebook and video, too?
How can I tell if my girlfriend is using secret messages on Facebook?
Will Google lose everything to Facebook?
Why do we use Facebook in social media marketing?
It is unpolite to add someone you don't know on Facebook?
If Facebook goes out of business tomorrow, will the world collapse?
How do I focus on study and stop using Facebook and stop playing Mini Militia?
Is there a service that you can pay to show you how to get Facebook messages that you can't retrieve?
Can Facebook track the serial killer Stevie Steve?
What is business development at Facebook or Instagram?
Can my friend steal my password if I log into Facebook from his mobile browser? If so, how?
Are people who are blocked on Facebook aware of being blocked?
How can I get new script for auto-adding an FB group?
If I message someone on Facebook who I'm not friends with do they get to read the message before deciding whether to accept my request to friend me?
How do people appear in suggestion list on Facebook?
How can I get the rights to my dead brother's Facebook page? I would like it to be changed to a memorial page, but I do not know how to do this.
Can Facebook see startpage searches?
Can you tell who someone is messaging on Messenger?
What does it mean when it says your mobile number was removed from your account because it was registered and verified buy another Facebook user?
Can one hack FB accounts using online tutorials?
If Google, Facebook, Apple, Amazon and Microsoft were declared monopolies, what would be the best way to break each of them up?
How do you tag a name in a Facebook page post?
How serious a problem is social media addiction?
What are some important community or common interest Facebook groups, secret or closed? In what interesting ways are they used by members?
How can I collect emails on my Facebook page?
How do I delete multiple messages in Messenger?
How do I find my friend’s Facebook comments?
Does Facebook record audio on users' devices for ad-targeting purposes?
Why is there little information about the Facebook founders (other than Mark Zuckerberg)?
Will your friend see your activity on Facebook Messenger when your messenger is running in the background?
If you are using Facebook, how are you benefiting from it?
Is it wrong to brag on Facebook page about your company's projects?
Does Facebook use an image as its background?
Why is my question not on my profile page anymore?
How can I chat with a following friend on Facebook?
Why would someone friend request you on Facebook then pretend they didn't?
What will happen if I uninstall Facebook and WhatsApp from my mobile?
How can I find someone using my Facebook without my knowledge?
How close to reality is Facebook’s claim that their BCI will enable humans to type 100wpm by just thinking?
How can I read a message on another person’s Facebook account without knowing their names?
What is the architecture of a Facebook Messenger extension?
Is Facebook liking a page for me without my permission?
How can I allow everyone to like my photos on Facebook?
How do I unblock myself from someone’s Facebook account?
Should someone with Asperger’s have a Facebook account?
Should Quora add feature opening the links internally within the app like Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter?
How can I crop a Facebook photo?
Is it legal to use Facebook for commercial purposes?
How can someone get money from Facebook?
A guy on Facebook proposed to me online, and I accepted the proposal and it's been a month. We are in a relationship. Is he using me, or is he really serious?
What is the email ID of Facebook?
If you send a message and deactivate your Facebook account, will they still see your name?
Are school children now addicted to Facebook?
How can I share the url of a Facebook advert?
What software does Facebook use for its videos?
How does Facebook display what your friends have liked?
I’m from Pakistan, and I want to promote my Facebook page in Vietnamese currency. Is it possible?
Is it possible for my friend to re-tag me on a photo on Instagram? I have accidentally removed the tag. Can’t re-tag it now. Is there a way?
Who are the 'Aji Haan' Facebook page admins?
Is the idea of Facebook patented?
Can a deactivated Facebook account be hacked or not?
We are not Facebook friends anymore, but we do have preexisting conversations from when we were. I sent the message two days ago and it still says "sent" but not "delivered.” Will he be able to read it?
There is a lot of conflicting advice on Facebook ads. If there was any question you could ask about Facebook advertising, what would it be?
Should I use Facebook as my personal diary and fully fill profile with personal data?
How can I align text to the right on Facebook?
What are the advanced features of Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter?
What might a Facebook advertiser attempt to sell a suicidal teenager?
What are some good Facebook page and page post autolikers that give 200+ likes on a single click?
How do you hide being on messenger?
How do I hide my Facebook relationship status but keep it visible on my fiancee's profile for her friends?
How do I recover Facebook acount without Gmail and password?
Why do Bangalore-based troll Facebook pages behave so cheaply and make themselves the troll at the end?
Can you use a picture you previously saved from Facebook to relocate it on Facebook?
How do I know if my friend has a dual messenger in the same account?
What are the absolute best Facebook roasts you have ever seen?
Is it feasible for Facebook to enter the ride-sharing market?
How many murders have been committed on Facebook Live?
Do Google, Apple, and Facebook hire Qt/C++ engineers?
What access do social networks (Facebook, Twitter etc) allow you to have on their users’ data and how real time is that data?
How do I update a blank status on Facebook?
Why are internet providers going to block Facebook once we don't have net neutrality anymore?
Can one send a Facebook friend request using Facebook SDK?
Why do the same notifications continue to show unread count on Facebook on the Android app even after opening them?
How do some Facebook pages put advertisement in between of the video?
How difficult is it to run a small business' Facebook page?
Is there is any way to upload .mp3 files to Facebook and YouTube with fixed images with high resolution?
Whom can I contact on Facebook to ask about an MA in literature?
What are the reasons for invalid name while creating a Facebook page?
How do you retrieve a lost Facebook password?
Can you hide a friend from your friends list?
Will people on my Facebook page be able to read what I write here on Quora?
What is an alternative to Facebook and Instagram?
What does “favorites” in Facebook Messenger mean?
Does Facebook record your video calls on Facebook?
What is the bullish argument for Amazon, Apple, Google, Facebook, Microsoft, and Netflix?
Someone sent me a message and a friend request. I deleted the friend request. Does that delete the message also?
How can I make my relationship status on Facebook visible to public except for one friend whom I don't wish to block?
I am dreadfully provoked. How do I trigger a shocking amount of destruction in a lawsuit against Facebook, on a very low budget?
How can I appear online on Facebook every time?
How do you know who has friended you on Facebook?
What happened to the Facebook website?
What is the reason for someone disappearing from the “people you may know” list on Facebook? Does it mean the person removed himself/herself or is this a Facebook decision?
Why can I not unblock someone from my Facebook?
I spent $12 per day for 3 days on Facebook ads, which got me 300 website views per day, but no sales; should I end the campaign or spend more?
How can I buy Facebook likes, YouTube subscribers and Twitter followers?
What is the motivation for Facebook to push their Top Stories newsfeed?
Would it show as delivered if they didn't have a Messenger account?
Can ex-convicts in Australia have gun photos on Facebook?
Can people see the Facebook pages I own?
Which is more complicated in terms of design, Facebook website or F22 Raptor?
What is the user doing in Facebook during active?
Would Facebook achieve the same kind of success (or even exist) had Zuckerberg attended a different school?
How many codes were used to make Facebook, and how many days did it take?
How can one tap a large audience on a particular Facebook page?
How do I tell if someone is new on Facebook?
What season is it where you are right now?
Are you afraid Quora might become a "court" as Facebook?
Where can I find Facebook profile data?
How do I integrate Facebook Pixel with TheBookingButton?
Do you have to delete your Messenger app if you have already scheduled your FB for deletion?
What mental & emotional health issues do people get from social media like Facebook and Twitter?
Can WhatsApp and Facebook be hacked?
Why can't my friends mention me in comments so I can have a notification? It just appears in black font, not blue with a link to my page.
How can I reduce my addiction to FB?
Why doesn't Facebook allow you to sign in from Tor?
Will Facebook ads die?
Is it ethical to share and alter a post from one Facebook page to another, adding a misleading image to the new post?
What can I do to resize an event photo to fit on a Facebook page, if I don't have Photoshop? Is there any way to do it online for free?
How many times can we change birthday in FB?
Can we make multiple Chegg accounts using different Facebook IDs but bearing the same credentials (name, DOB, address, ID proof, etc.)?
What happend if I spam messages on Facebook?
How does geolocation work on popular websites like Google, Facebook, and YouTube?
Is it a good strategy for Facebook to implement stories for all their services?
Why can't we provide free food and fund it by advertising, the same way it is done for free IT services by the likes of Google and Facebook?
Why are my facebook messenger contacts showing that they are available even when they are not?
How do I tell if someone with a mobile phone is on Messenger chat or browsing Facebook?
What is the difference between people who use Facebook, Instagram, and Snapchat more and people who use Quora more?
Who is the king of the internet, Google, Facebook or WordPress?
Is the secret conversation encrypted when the device key doesn't match?
What is the perfect name for my Facebook cricket page?
How can I broadcast live IPL matches on my Facebook page?
Why do other social media companies not create revolutionary tech like Facebook does?
What is your most hated Facebook trend today?
What kind of content do people consume on Facebook versus Instagram and other social media platforms?
How can I generate leads directly in my Autoresponder and Webinar list using Facebook Ads?
What are the Poke and Wave features in Messenger during chatting?
Can I get my deleted conversation back on Messenger?
How far has Facebook degraded you in studies?
How do I find a friend’s number on Messenger?
How long does Facebook take to verify one’s ID?
What does it mean when you are friends with someone on Facebook but you can't see them on any of your friends lists when they used to be there?
What are some ways to unsync your contacts from Facebook on your Android?
How do I get to see posts (other than my own) from Linkedin and Facebook on my Hootsuite?
Why are people operating fun Facebook pages? Does Facebook pay for this?
How can I move all my saved Facebook posts to a Word document or a PDF?
Is it possible to extract the time for every like and share on Facebook brand pages?
Why is News for nerds, stuff that matters showing “You are not allowed to use this resource.” instead of posting feeds?
What is the best way to find someone if I know only her name and she is not on any social media?
Does Facebook show previous logged in locations as the current login?
How do I monetize my Indian Facebok group having 50K members?
How do I read a message without the seen mark in hangouts messenger?
How do I block a profile on Facebook?
Why did Facebook Messenger decide to focus on ads only while other messaging platforms such as WeChat and Line make money from payments, commerce etc.?
How can I see the secret conversations of my spouse in Messenger?
How do I create a female Facebook account for MMM?
How can I know my opponents' advertising in Facebook?
What is the different when doing marketing by between Billboard and Facebook?
What is the truth percentage in social media news like on FB or WhatsApp?
This message pops up on the screen "this person is not available right now". What does this mean? Am I blocked by my friend or I was temporary blocked?
Why can I see the “Add friend”/“Send message” buttons next to a profile picture on a phone but not on a laptop?
What would the social ramifications be if Facebook was shutdown?
Can I find out what happened to the original owner of a Facebook group?
Why don't we make our own apps instead of using Facebook and Google in India?
Does it make sense to use additional user information (like age, sex or even Facebook likes) for recommendation systems?
What are the problems in Rails that prevent it from carrying big sites like Facebook, WhatsApp or Google?
Which is the minimum age to use Facebook?
Why won't Facebook load complete photo albums, it just has a spinning cursor?
How do I comment on a Facebook page post through a C++ program?
How does a public post on Facebook get more likes?
How can I permanently turn off Facebook's region based pages?
How do you make One single Page your default page in WIX without a /name after?
What is the best Facebook group for expats in your country/city? What rules does it have?
Does Facebook monitor our everyday life?
How can I earn on Facebook or other social media sites?
How does one stop oneself from being an active Facebook and an Instagram addict?
Is there any way to retrieve my old Facebook account password?
Facebook is not responding to my ID verification for the last 1.5 years. What can I do?
How can we create large YouTube thumbnails which are playable on the Facebook app? Is there any solution?
Would you "out" a racist on Facebook to their employer or clients?
How would I know if I’m blocked by someone on Messenger?
How can I inbox somebody on Facebook Messenger?
I saw a girl on Facebook and instantly got attracted to her. But she doesn't know me at all. Should I send her a friend request?
Do the number of views shown on our stats page include views from outside sources such as Google, Facebook, etc.?
What is RMIT like for a Master’s in laboratory medicine? The reviews on their Facebook page are very negative, and I would like to hear the views of their alumni.
How do I know if a message request I received is not a fake?
If I have a Google remarketing code in xyz website, will it capture the traffic coming through Facebook as well?
How can I recover my Facebook account if my mobile number is expired?
How much does Google, Facebook and Microsoft earn from India?
What are the strengths of Mark Zuckerberg?
Can Facebook be defeated by a new company? If yes, how? If no, why not?
How do I get the password for a Facebook friend without permission?
Is there a similar thing as Activity Log from Facebook on Quora? Can I see the posts I upvoted?
What does it say about a person who unfriends you on Facebook because you don't like Trump?
How do you undelete Facebook messages properly?
Is working at Google or Facebook as a software engineer better than college life?
I'm trying to cause a shocking amount of destruction by suing Facebook ($20B). As a Nigerian, how do I bring this lawsuit to fruition?
Is there a way to earn from Facebook like YouTube?
Should I only have close friends on Facebook or it does not really matter?
How can an African apply for the, 3000 live streaming monitoring jobs at Facebook?
How do I make a IFTTT recipe to post on FB business page, instead of a FB personal page?
Does WhatsApp still work in China? Since last year, it’s owned by Facebook, no?
How do I remove phone number from my Facebook account?
What is the meaning of accepting an interest request in community matrimony?
If I block someone on Facebook then I unblock him, will the past conversation would be deleted on both accounts (me and him)?
How can I see who has blocked me on Facebook?
What is the best Facebook ads type if there is no web page?
How do 3rd party companies get your Facebook page or Instagram account verified with a blue tick in return for money?
If you unfriend someone on FB, would they know it?
How do I get rid of a Facebook and Twitter addiction?
How can I report a cyber crime on a Facebook comment in India?
Why does it say something went wrong and your selected members haven't been added when adding members to a Facebook group?
What is it, to recover a close friend list?
Will Tinder update my profile pictures without my knowledge?
Is the WhatsApp company under the Facebook company?
Is it possible to merge a restaurant FB page with a musician FB page?
How can I personally conduct social listening on Facebook without the use of questioners or third-party tools?
Is there a way of cross posting images on multiple Facebook pages?
How can I be as good as Google or Facebook developers?
Why is FB using so much space on my phone?
When does Messenger show you as being online? Can Messenger show that you are online without you opening Facebook?
How can I add a photo on my own Facebook post?
How do I get Facebook to enable my payment method which was disabled?
Are there any Indian stock market experts to follow on Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, or Quora?
Can we run multiple lead ads in Facebook?
How can I upload, save and display a profile picture in PHP?
What is the best strategy through Facebook for startups?
How do entrepreneurs like Tim Cook and Mark Zuckerberg sleep only a few hours and remain completely awake the rest of the day?
Among Google, Apple, Facebook, Amazon and Microsoft, which one gets more information about users?
Why did Quora make comments optional? I can no longer comment on something or read other comments. Did Quora just give users the power to censor posts?
Are the terms "Like" and "mutual Friends" owned by Facebook?
Are there any websites which could drive web traffic from a Facebook page?
Why do people keep posting political rubbish on Facebook?
How do you find a person’s Facebook page or wall?
How can I replicate dynamically Facebook Post comments on a Wordpress article?
What programming languages/technologies are beneficial to Android developers at large companies like Google, Amazon, Facebook, Uber, etc.?
Why do my own Facebook posts sometimes not show up in my news feed?
How can I get the first message of a Facebook chat?
How we can promote webinar on Facebook?
Is it cool to send a friend request on Facebook to your crush, who is your junior?
Why is my ad placement on Facebook smaller than my mobile ad placement?
How can I automate my work on Facebook?
Is Facebook down? Getting an error saying "Sorry, something went wrong. We're working on it and we'll get it fixed as soon as we can."
Is it insensitive when a husband likes the Facebook posts of someone even when he knows you are not on good terms anymore with this person?
How does Facebook choose a friend from your friends list for friendiversary?
What is the best way to save Facebook videos to a computer?
How do I apply for a violet video reader on Facebook?
Can I see if I'm in someone's top six Facebook friends list?
Has Google or Facebook ever recruited KIIT students?
How much should I charge for designing a Facebook page?
How safe is a video call between a couple in Imo or Facebook Messenger?
What is the reason behind many people taking up photography as a hobby in recent times?
A few years ago I was terminated from Facebook. A recruiter who saw I used to work there has reached out asking if I want to return. Is this an error?
I deactivated my Facebook account 2 years ago or more. I remember the email address but totally forgot the password. Is there any way to restore it?
What’s the average usage of WhatsApp and Facebook?
How do I make a Facebook Messenger QR code?
If a Facebook acquaintance becomes an energy vampire, does social media etiquette require giving her an explanation before I unfriend or block her?
How will Facebook’s marketplace impact Craigslist and eBay's growth?
Why does data on Google Analytics differ from data on social media platforms, specifically Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram?
How is Facebook associated with Reliance Jio?
Are Americans seeking glory by committing crimes on Facebook Live?
How social media such as Facebook, path, Snapchat promote their platform at early stages?
Does Mark Zuckerberg waste time on Facebook?
If a Facebook login is compromised, what personal data will be lost??
Why would your ex keep taking themselves off Facebook when you already have them blocked?
Do we need social networking sites for success? Is there any use of these sites for our academic growth?
How did I show up on Facebook’s Nearby Friends?
Why isn't Facebook Group app loading? When will this problem be solved?
If you 'like' something on Facebook, is it immediately shared to all your friends?
What are disadvantages of converting your Facebook profile to a Facebook page in 2017?
On Facebook Messenger, what causes a message request to go from sent (blue circle with checkmark) to delivered (filled in blue circle with checkmark)?
Why is Facebook involved in VR?
Will users be able to search their Activity Logs of their Facebook Timeline?
Which makes a better reach on Facebook, creating a post on this event hosted by the page or by the page itself?
Is it possible to turn off unwanted videos in Facebook?
How do I find somebody’s Facebook username?
Can I get an app to hack a Facebook account?
How do I generate large YouTube video thumbnails for Facebook without any site promotion?
Is there a Facebook app. That lets you post secret post on your timeline?
Does it affect anything on Facebook if I get blocked?
How can I talk to someone from the Facebook office?
Is it forbidden to sell private ads on a Facebook group as an administrator of the group?
Is iodised salt a bad business tactic? Is it necessary when iodine evaporates upon warming ?
How does one manage/ take control of a Facebook group without an admin?
How do I overcome the desperation of being in a social network despite knowing that no one chats with me or likes my posts?
Why would a name show up several times under a Facebook search?
How do you differentiate between paid Facebook views/clicks to site and organic Facebook views/clicks to site in Google Analytics?
Why does my new account have a different "activity log" (likes) look from my old Instagram?
Do you think the Logical Indian Facebook page is anti Hindu?
Can a Facebook user on Messenger be a creeper?
Why does Facebook Live Map keep crashing when viewing certain live casts? Some streams crash quickly and other seem to stay up and running smoothly.
When will Facebook launch its augmented reality learning platform?
Is it possible to record Facebook voice calls on Windows using Chrome?
What would you advise me to do, if I want to push aside Facebook?
How can I retrieve my Messenger conversations after I was blocked on Messenger?
How can I change the Facebook page info?
Can I get do follow backlinks from Facebook and Google Plus?
Why do Android phones come with the Facebook app? Does Facebook pay Google?
Does adding someone you like on Facebook a big deal?
How do I get my friend’s number in Facebook Messenger?
How often does Facebook messenger archive messages?
Is the information about health given on Facebook through Facebook pages correct?
How can I get people to see my Patreon page?
How do you design a Facebook banner?
Facebook’s rules say that if your account is disabled, you need permission to make a new account. Where do you go to ask?
Can I use a Nikon D5300 for a live feed on Facebook? If yes, what are the things I need to do in order to do so?
Is it possible to upload and store unlimited HD pictures on Facebook for free?
How do you compare Facebook, Twitter and Quora in Indian users perspective?
How can I see when my friends were last on Facebook, since the last update?
How does Facebook get its sponsored ads?
How can I change the Facebook account email account in Quora.com?
How do I sign into my Facebook account with a profile picture?
How do people put special effect on live Facebook videos?
How do I suggest my opinion to Facebook CEO?
Should I stop using Facebook?
Where can I learn more about Facebook analytics?
How can I read my man’s Facebook messages?
How can you tell, when someone shows active on Facebook Messenger, that a person is chatting with someone else?
My girlfriend blocked her ex on Facebook, but I can still see her likes and comments on his post from a couple of years ago. Has she unblocked?
How do people in the Google office see if someone says, "Add me in Facebook," or "Facebook me"?
How can I increase my Facebook revenue by giving discounts on products in Magento?
How can I change my likes on Facebook?
How did Mark Zuckerberg earn money when he started Facebook and turned the website into a billion-dollar company?
Why is Facebook trying to force me to use the app, instead of Safari on iPad?
How can I earn with my fb fashion page which has around 100k likes?
Are there ways to see some friends that want to hide?
Can my client pay for his Facebook ads if his page is in my Business Manager account?
How can Facebook be hacked with the SS7 flaw?
Why does Google use Workplace by Facebook?
How do I apply for a job at Facebook?
I'm American and I'm looking to make friends on Facebook who live in Ireland. How do I go about doing this?
What is the procedure to find out who saw my profile recently in Facebook?
Did you ever love someone so much that you end up getting blocked on Facebook \U0001f601?
Someone is trying to hack my Facebook constantly and I'm receiving password change requests. How do I secure it?
Is This rac?
How do I create an app like Facebook with an auto backup facility?
Where is my friend’s list?
How can my startup story be as popular as Mark Zuckerberg or Facebook?
I can't submit a Facebook disabled appeal, my account is currently disabled. What should I do now?
On which Facebook page or group can widowers be found?
Will deleting a comment on Facebook delete it everywhere or just on my device?
Is there a way to search specifically for business Facebook pages with no recent activity?
How do I prevent a person seeing my post in Facebook who is not a friend to me?
What are some new Facebook tips and tricks?
Why have the games like Millionaire City been stopped by Facebook?
Why do companies like Facebook and IMO pay stipends if the employees stay less than 5 miles from the office?
Why doesn't Instagram have react emoticons like Facebook?
What does increasing ad spend on a Facebook Ad Set actually do?
Who are the people behind faking news Facebook page?
One of my Facebook friends is monitoring my Facebook comments and reporting back to my girlfriend. How do I find out who it is?
Where can I watch the Facebook f8 conference online?
Does Facebook have an AdSense program like Google’s?
Which is most popular, email, Facebook, Twitter, WhatsApp, or anything else?
What script would I need to grant a redirect after a successful Facebook login app, if the app is hosted on a stand alone landing page domain?
I have already downloaded WhatsApp Messenger. Now, how do I start chatting?
What are the digital media strategy you used for relevant website traffic and lead generation apart from Google and Facebook platform?
Who can find out a person behind a fake Facebook account?
How do I promote my Indiegogo page?
Is there any way to remove Facebook search suggestions?
Does Facebook prefer to hire developers who are active on Facebook as users?
Can I search for any Facebook account​ by an uploaded pic on that account​?
Is Facebook useless for students?
How can I connect my Instagram to my Facebook using my laptop, because I forgot my Instagram password?
Is there a grand piano at Facebook's Menlo Park campus?
How do I target FaceBook adverts to clothing brands?
How can I monitor and hack my husband`s Facebook conversations and WhatsApp account?
Can my Facebook account be disabled by Facebook without any fault of mine?
How can I get back into my Facebook account, using my security question?
Can you sue someone for invading your privacy? Like personal things, Facebook/phone messages, etc.?
How can I market a local medical spa on Facebook?
How can I hide my Facebook activity from my girlfriend?
What would happen to their respective companies if Mark Zuckerberg and Satya Nadela interchanged their posts with enough knowledge of the products of the other company?
What does "in a relationship" on Facebook in Mumbai means?
Why is there so much offensive material on Facebook?
What do the circles around the camera in Messenger mean?
What does Facebook use Git for?
How do I find out the email address associated with a private message sent to me through Facebook?
In the future, what company could possibly defeat Facebook in the social media industry? And why?
What would happen if someone tag a person on a video I shared to selected people on Facebook?
How do I hide my friend list on Facebook?
Can I connect my existing 8 Ball Pool, which is connected to my Google account, to Facebook?
Facebook says that they're not taking applications for blue checkmark verifications at the moment. How do you get one?
Can you see when a friend has viewed your Facebook?
What are Facebook's SWOTs?
Do Facebook users find Facebook less appealing since the removal of interest lists (adding pages to lists)?
How do I tell my autistic brother that he will never become a programmer at Google or Facebook, etc.?
How accurate is the Facebook audience size meter?
How many characters can we write if we post something on Facebook?
How do I do target marketing through Facebook boost?
How do I promote an online store or Facebook page in a different​ country​ (eg Australia)?
When Facebook rejects my page appeal, what else can I do, especially when I am confident that I did not do all of the things that the page is being accused of?
Why did Facebook ask me if I knew a specific girl from the suggestion list?
Is being an out-of-state applicant for a business job at companies such as Google, Facebook, and Apple a disadvantage?
What's the funniest/weirdest Facebook message request you've gotten?
How can I recover one post that I posted in a Facebook group if I deleted it unexpectedly?
Facebook is sending a confirmation code to my deactivated phone number. What should I do?
When on Facebook Messenger, what does it mean when you see “video chat” under one of your contact’s name?
How do certain products (or news) that are not more special than others (fidget spinner, Facebook, etc.) become so popular?
Is it normal to brag about your academic grades on social media sites like Facebook?
Is it wrong to unfriend someone in my circle of friends?
How can I contact Facebook’s/Twitter’s CEO?
What are the best platforms to distribute your blog posts besides the usual Facebook, Instagram and EDMs?
Is there any Tamilian working in Facebook, Google and Microsoft?
Why do some follow unknown people on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and what is their actual intention?
How does Facebook ad work?
What are the best app to get auto comment on Facebook page or account?
Does Facebook provide any API to log in to an account with Python?
Can I host multiple Facebook live streams on a website?
Is it possible to look at items available in a Facebook merchandise store online?
How do you use a Facebook Pixel to create a custom audience of everyone who visits your website if it's installed on multiple websites?
How do I create a bot/website which can search for a particular hashtag or keyword on Twitter/Facebook from the people I follow?
Is it possible to use old versions of websites such as LinkedIn and Facebook?
What do you think about suicide on social media like Facebook? I just saw the news that a man is killing his baby, daughter, and himself.
How do I merge two FB accounts? Will I lose photos?
Why did my ex block me on Facebook after she asked me how I was doing?
What cool analytics stuff can you do with your Facebook messaging history?
How do I comment on a Facebook post and have it stand out?
What are the features of Facebook video post translation?
What is the most customizable plugin for Facebook photos / albums in WordPress?
What are the best interests to use on Facebook ads for watches?
How do I block Facebook on Safari?
How do I get people off Facebook and onto my website?
Does Quora sell data to Facebook?
If I were to start a Facebook group to discuss canonical events in Star Wars, how do I get people to join?
How can I download Facebook videos in an Andriod phone?
How can you go into a person's page that blocked you?
In what update where Facebook chat heads removed?
What should you say in your first chat with an unknown friend on Facebook if she is online?
Is it illegal for me to share a standard YouTube licensed video with my friends on Facebook?
Can I see “last seen” on Messenger if I am not her friend on Facebook?
What does it mean on Facebook Messenger when the status says active a minute or minutes ago, but the color green indicator does not show?
How do I avoid tagging on Facebook?
Why do exes tend to create fake Facebook accounts to spy on you? I mean, the relationship ended, so why spy on her/him?
Why is there no rival app for Facebook?
Why are engineers trolled so much on social media, especially Facebook?
Should I share my book cover and description on social networking sites before publishing it on KDP?
Is there still a chance in 2017 to compete with Facebook?
What URLs should I insert in Facebook ads, "view tags"?
How are ad blockers affecting journalism?
What is the proper way to absorb an existing Facebook page when you acquire a business and location?
Why doesn't Facebook care about UI?
Is it okay to accept a friend requests you get in Facebook without knowing them in person but you have mutual friends?
How do I view my Instagram activity on Facebook?
Does popularity on Facebook affect your popularity in real life?
Does Facebook help to get into a relationship?
How do I react thankfully on Facebook?
Is is possible to do affiliate marketing on Facebook directly without having any website or blog?
How do you see videos on Facebook with your phone?
How do my videos go live on Facebook?
Why does the person I search for on Facebook show up many times?
Are Facebook employees typically more social than at other Silicon Valley companies?
How do I use Facebook links on LinkedIn?
I've just joined Facebook. What are some things I should keep in mind? (while making my profile, posting, etc.)
What was it like to date Sheryl Sandberg?
Why is Facebook installed on Android 6 Sony Xperia X permanently and can’t be uninstalled?
How can anyone give up the addiction of Facebook?
Is it possible to know who has viewed my Facebook page?
If someone keeps blocking and unblocking on Facebook, does it affect the photo in search?
Do Aspies often have Facebook feeds with higher S/N ratio (especially to outsiders)?
How can I get the 2010 version of Facebook back?
Should I use int or VARCHAR in MySQL (or other databases)?
What does the green picture with wine on messenger mean?
How can I see which non-friends have viewed my Facebook page?
If I want to start up a social media site a little like Facebook, what is the easiest way to do it?
Facebook has expanded the content review team. Does it show that China's network management has something to learn from it?
Is Facebook a cult?
What do Facebook metrics like the total views of a page actually & honestly mean?
What rules does Facebook implement to claim companies’ trademarks?
How can find friends on Facebook by their IP?
Is there a significant risk involved in posting an image on Facebook that includes the license plate number on a relative’s car?
What happened to Facebook games?
Is making a fan page on Facebook or Instagram legal?
How can I reach someone in the Facebook Ads team? My ads don't work. The budgets are not being used, targeting variations are done, tickets are being raised, and nothing works.
How does Facebook still know my e-mail address after clearing my browser data?
Which WordPress plugin allows users to create business pages, like Facebook pages?
How do I make money from a fake Facebook account with 4000 friends and 1000 followers?
How do I find the location of a Facebook user?
AdSense ads are not showing whena user is coming from Facebook. Why is this happening only with me on Facebook?
Why do my friends’ profiles show eight pictures of their friends?
Why hasn't Twitter grown like Facebook?
Is there a way to upload a video with a photo album on Facebook?
When can I share a post from another page in a group from my new account so Facebook doesn't block that account?
Why do my questions not show up on my page?
Do cricketers have their own FB IDs?
Why can't I see my Facebook followers?
What does it mean on Facebook when it says contact?
How do I change the color of my comments in Facebook?
How much remuneration do people earn from verified account (Facebook/Instagram)?
Why are Facebook’s reaction emojis not animating on my Android (Marshmallow) device?
Did anyone try to make an alternate version of Facebook or Quora?
Why it is that someone sees my message on Facebook but "seen" does not appear at that time. After some hours it appears as seen hours ago?
Will I ever return to my Facebook sociability? Folks seem to worry that they haven't read my postings in 2 months.
Should I deactivate my Facebook account before I attend college?
How do I change my name on Messenger on my Android?
How do I add my Twitter account to my FB account?
Should I ask my fiance why she has blocked me on Snapchat, Instagram and Facebook? Should I just trust her?
Would you rather rule Facebook or Quora?
Can I hack Facebook accounts by using a rooted Android mobile?
Can a Facebook business manager account create a Facebook page?
Is there any channel similar to NatandLo for Facebook?
Why is it that some of the sponsored ads on Google and Facebook are linked to what you search for on the Internet?
How can I get licence key for Facebook tool kit?
How do I hack Facebook likes on Android?
What access do social networks (Facebook, Twitter etc) allow you to have on their users’ data and how real-time is that data? How can you use it?
What does Mark Zuckerberg do as he works 60 hours per week? Does he code or go to meetings and stuff?
How do I obtain info from a public Facebook post using Facebook Graph 2.8 API?
Can one’s Facebook profile name and page name be the same?
Does a person know when I save his/her profile image on Facebook?
What tools did Mark Zuckerberg use to build Facebook, and what programming language are used at Facebook?
What would 9/11 have been like if social media (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.) had the same prevalence then that it does today?
How do I warn the Facebook CEO directly, without any third party?
What is Facebook actually meant for?
How do I convince my mom to join Facebook?
How can I use Facebook to get knowledge?
What is a content bucket in Facebook?
Will Facebook, Twitter, and WhatsApp lead to death?
What are the allegations against Mark Zuckerberg in the social network movie?
Is there an app or a script that will give you notifications about the activity of your "close friends," like what Facebook used to give, e.g., when they comment?
How can we post Twitter posts on Facebook automatically?
How do I find out Facebook user's email with Facebook ID or username?
My FB friend requests want my email to send me important information. Is this right?
What database or storage is used by Facebook to store its live streaming data?
I was an administrator of a Facebook group and I deleted my account. What happened with the group?
What should be the motive behind updating a story on Snapchat?
Is it bad for Facebook’s and Instagram’s branding to copycat tons of features from other apps?
What is the process of getting business page verification tick on Facebook?
I can't access my Facebook account because the confirmation code is being sent to my old mobile number, which I lost. What should I do?
Is Facebook a DDOS attack on humanity?
Is it really possible to hack someone's messenger acct?
What should I name my Facebook page which is based on affiliate marketing?
What are the main uses of Twitter and Facebook sentiment analysis?
Is it possible to access a Facebook account with two different passwords?
What is the diameter of a large graph (Facebook or Google graph) used for? What are the applications and some usage cases?
One girl “unfriended” me on Facebook and in turn it made me so disappointed that I blocked her. Was that the right thing to do?
Does changing your password on Facebook guarantee your hacked account is 100% safe now?
What are the signs that your Facebook page is being blocked?
What is the the structure of Facebook iOS and Android application?
How dangerous are pseudo-intellectual posts and channels on social networks (Facebook, Youtube, etc.)? How does it really affect a comman man like me?
Why do many people consider Facebook a waste of time?
What year did you start using Facebook? I started in 2011.
What will happen if I stop using Facebook and WhatsApp?
Can you explain these conflicting Facebook video metrics?
Does Facebook and/or Instagram watermark their users’ content?
How do I add pictures on Facebook to a gallery?
How many Facebook accounts does Jennifer Vincent have?
Is Gmail easier than Facebook to be hacked?
Where can I find a good tutorial on Facebook marketing for doctors?
How can I download a Facebook video on my phone?
How can I log in to FB without a password or an email?
How can I intern somewhere like Facebook, Uber, or Instagram in San Francisco?
How often and for what type of posts do you use Facebook?
How can I tell if a friend I am following is excluding me from their posts on Facebook?
How do I make a good looking website like Facebook or Quora?
Are Apple, Alphabet, Facebook, etc., working directly to advance the field of health/medicine?
Should I quit Facebook, WhatsApp, and other social media sites for a better future?
Should I make a Facebook account if I am about to reach class XI or would it be distracting to me later on?
What circle in Pinterest posts mean?
Why are there less number of likes on Quora's posts on Facebook?
What is the minimum cost for Facebook ads in India?
How could Facebook's brain-computer interface become a mass market product?
Is Mr. Mark Zuckerberg’s personal e-mail address contact available, just for me?
Is it good practice to write likes and dislikes when the buttons are clicked directly to a database such as MySQL or put them in an async queue?
When is Facebook going to die?
How long does Facebook take to close an account in case of inactivity?
Why would my iPhone appear to be logged into my Facebook account as an iPad?
Should I post a picture of my (plastered) broken hand on Facebook?
How can we see others’ updates on Facebook without having a Facebook account?
How do you add a countdown to a Facebook page?
Why are there no dates/timestamps visible on the questions and answers in Facebook’s Help Community?
How many marketing tricks does Facebook have?
How does Facebook approve ads? How do they do it so quickly?
What will be happen with Facebook in future, let's say in two or five years?
How could they hack my Facebook account knowing that I have a strong password and I never visit phishing scam websites?
Other than Amazon, Facebook, etc., what are some other big companies that use mergers and acquisitions as part of their growth strategy?
What do the 5 dots appearing at the beginning of the Facebook Lite app mean? Does each dot represent any level of connection establishment?
How can I pay for a Facebook page in Uganda since I have no card?
What would Magic Leap do if Avegant & Microsoft teamed up to make a light field HoloLens?
Should I delete my Facebook account right now? I want to begin anew.
On my MetroPCS account, how do I get access to my second line?
On Facebook, girls get more likes and comments. Is the same thing happening on Quora?
Where will I find my friends on FB who want to be my friend?
How do I delete all Messenger messages?
How do Facebook chatbot platforms allow users to create bots tied to Facebook pages without requiring a Facebook app review for each new page?
Frequently, I visit someone's profile in Facebook, but I don’t get that person's name in the “people you may know” list. Why?
Is there any way to find out who had commented on your public post?
Why did you "unfriend" all of your Facebook friends?
Facebook Instant Articles Doesn't show Ads, can someone help?
Why does Facebook create a dark web website?
Should I send a girl that I only met once a friend request?
Can I Share a text file on Facebook?
Will Facebook be a good choice to post my song covers?
A has blocked B's account on Facebook. If C (a mutual friend of both A and B) comments on a post or a photo posted by A, will B be able to see that post or photo?
What is the use of a hashtag on Facebook or Instagram when uploading an image?
Can anyone spy on my Facebook?
If you read a Facebook Messenger message via a push notification without opening the app, will the sender see their message as being marked read?
Who can I hire to remove a fake Facebook account?
Do you think Quora will soon run promotions on paid advertisements from businesses just like Facebook to build revenue?
Does Facebook pay for likes on a page like YouTube does?
Where can I find a Facebook marketing specialist?
Have you ever had a change of heart due to a discussion in the Facebook comments?
What explains Author Nikita Singh's success? Does she really write good books (or) the 64k fans on her Facebook page are just fans of her prettiness?
Do you like your fans on Quora more than you like your fans on Facebook?
Is it a crime to look at someone's Facebook and Instagram PG?
Can I create a Facebook based visualization? If yes, how do I start?
Will Instagram, Facebook, and WhatsApp be blocked without net neutrality?
Will Facebook survive another 15 years?
How can I completely block someone on Facebook?
Are Facebook Messenger’s “encrypted” secret messages easily monitored by Facebook, as they claim to be able to monitor certain behaviors and messages?
A person is using my old profile picture as his profile picture. He is accessing Facebook with another name. How can I find that profile?
Is the best way to reach potential users for a new app via Facebook, ads, or other means?
According to you, is Facebook a successful dating platform?
Lately I've been receiving friend requests from girls whom I don't know personally. What could be the reason?
What is India doing for Syrian refugees other than tweeting and sharing Facebook posts?
How can I make friends with English native speakers on some websites like Facebook and Twitter?
How can I find my friend’s Facebook account by only searching by contact number?
How do I find password of Instagram without Facebook?
How can I get the phone number of my friend on Facebook?
What is Google really scared of, other than Facebook ads?
How do I earn via Facebook and Instagram pages, likes, etc.?
What are some interesting secret Facebook groups?
Where did my Facebook location address go?
How do I write an effective and super convincing Facebook post to invite friends to attend an important event for charity that they can't ignore?
Are there any social networks that have a Facebook style theme?
Facebook was founded by five people. Why it is that Mark Zuckerberg is the CEO & not any other?
Does Facebook accept plugins created by individuals? What is the process?
How can I add a job tab on my Facebook page?
Who can I contact if I need to stop someone from using my email to set up a Facebook account?
What is the limit of Facebook friend requests?
How bad is Facebook addiction?
Can an engineering fresher student do a job at Facebook?
How do I do multiple posts in an FB group by posting once?
A has blocked B's account on Facebook. If C (a mutual friend of both A and B) comments on a post or photo posted by A, will B be able see C's comment or like on that post or photo?
Why is Facebook not working on Internet Explorer?
How can I target business owners on Facebook who are likely to be interested in online marketing?
Is there any Facebook or WhatsApp group for law aspirants?
How do I convert a comment into a post on Facebook?
How do I verify my entertainment website Facebook page?
Is there a way to prevent someone from following a Facebook Page without also liking it?
How does Facebook generate the "friends who will miss you" shown in the account deactivation process?
Why does the wrong image appear when I share a website or a post on the social networks?
Why do people always appear online on Facebook?
Is posting and sharing political stuff on Facebook bad?
How do I prepare myself to get into the data teams of Google, Facebook, etc.?
Is it possible to hack Facebook online?
How do I login to Google Play Games through Facebook?
How do I update my status to a client?
Is Facebook just a socially-accepted platform for people to brag?
Is it possible that other people can read my messenger?
How does Facebook know my friends?
I need to focus. How can I stop Messenger and all these apps that force me to receive messages and calls even when I block the notifications?
On a Facebook page, what ratio is good for the number of post reaches to likes?
Does Facebook show your profile to the people who have saved your mobile no. and are on Facebook?
I am trying to opening my Facebook account, but it reports an error due to some problem on the website. What does that mean?
To what extent do adults practice their freedom of expression on Facebook?
How do I delete my Facebook ID permanently?
Do common users more often use Facebook or Google authentication when they register for a mobile app?
How many users access Facebook Live via mobile?
Why don't Facebook ads have support?
Is there a way to fast processing the Facebook friends list?
Do you find it odd that Facebook, YouTube, and Twitter ban users for no reason but they won't ban accounts of Islamic extremists?
How do I set up a WhatsApp group so that only the administrator can see incoming messages and, when posting them out, all the participants are able to see them?
What is the best way to troll those spam Facebook messages from girls "looking to have fun"?
Why would someone who's not in my friend list show up in Facebook quiz results?
What can I do in Facebook so that on Tinder I will only be matched up with people who are NRIs and were brought up in the Arabian Gulf region?
How can I prevent someone from stalking my Facebook account?
Facebook has disabled my account, and my phone number is lost. How do I recover it?
Are there any Android apps that unlock in-app features using Facebook/Twitter link sharing?
Does Facebook allow businesses/startups to sell FB accounts or pages for automatic backup services?
Why do my friends on Facebook like others’ posts, but not mine?
How do I delete my Quora account, if I used my Facebook to sign in, and I am locked out of the email for my Facebook account?
How do I get more visitors to check my Facebook business page?
How do you remove pictures from Facebook?
Who is managing the Bangalore City Police’ Facebook page?
How do you post a picture you saved in Instagram on Facebook?
Will tech giants like Google, Microsoft, Amazon, and Facebook hire a statistician with a master’s degree?
What does it mean when there are pulsating circles around the video icon on Facebook Messenger?
Which encryption technique does Facebook use?
Why can't I convert my Facebook profile into a page?
Why did the "add friend" button disappear when I added someone on Facebook?
Will calls made in Messenger be added to my iPhone contacts?
Can brand pages publish branded content on Facebook?
In what other ways I can submit my CV to Facebook excluding careers.Facebook.com?
How does Chatfuel do to create a Facebook developer App for their users?
I accidentally tagged someone in a post on Facebook, but untagged them and blocked the page. Will the page get a notification?
Is Daniel Radcliffe on Facebook?
Do people still use Facebook (May 2017)?
I deactivated my Roku. How do I reactivate it?
Where can I find out more about Facebook artificial intelligence lab?
How can l enable a disabled Facebook account?
Did your life change after deleting Facebook and WhatsApp?
Can friend requests be sent to a deactivated Facebook account?
How do I look at my boyfriend’s messages on Messenger discreetly?
What type of engineering should I do to enter in the big companies like Google, Microsoft, and Facebook?
What is with Facebook advertising people that offer office jobs?
What's the average Facebook video ads completion rate?
Is life generally better with or without a Facebook account, for an unexceptional person?
Have you ever reached the end of your Facebook news feed?
Which credit card should be best for boosting posts in Facebook?
How much does Mark Zuckerberg earn from Facebook?
Why would a boy who liked you unfriend you on Facebook?
How did WittyFeed and its founders, Vinay Singhal, Praveen Singhal and Shashank Vaishnav, get verified on Facebook?
Theoretically, how would someone make a fake ID in Photoshop so they can send it to Facebook so they can get their fake account back?
How do I invite people who shared my content to like my business’s Facebook page?
I just saw the 2017 Facebook F8 and realized that AR is much closer to scale than I expected. How can I position myself professionally to make use of this?
How does Facebook earns per user?
How do I use a single name on Facebook page?
How do I track a Facebook post if the user set it for friends only?
What do people think about the new flower (thankful) react of Facebook?
Is Facebook keeping the ‘Thankful’ reaction beyond Mother's Day?
Does mailing at security@Facebook.com works?
How can I save videos or GIFs from Facebook or Twitter?
Why doesn't YouTube hire IITians like Google or Facebook?
How will you describe personalities of people using Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, WhatsApp, Snapchat and Quora?
How do I add followers rather than friends on Facebook?
If I deactivate my account on Facebook app then after when will I be able to log in again?
How can I download a GIF from Facebook?
Has Facebook ever thought of wiping out Amazon, Uber, foodpanda and other aggregators by connecting potential customers with potential service providers on its own platform? Aren’t most of them already on Facebook?
How do I create Facebook and Instagram outro cards on YouTube videos?
Where does Facebook get the external content such as news articles that appear in your news feed? Do external sources push or does FB pull the content?
How do you re-target marketing to people on Facebook who have downloaded your app from iTunes?
Is it illegal to hack Facebook messenger and post someone's messages?
Has anyone read posts by this page on Facebook by the name Mukhtasar?
Can class 8 students make Facebook IDs?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg taking a tour of the whole USA?
How can I find pending posts on Facebook?
What user profile information can I access from Facebook's Botkit tool?
How does Facebook, WhatsApp helps to grow in life?
Why is Facebook showing that my account has been disabled?
What is the coding to find the number of likes for a post in a profile?
What is the meaning of ROFL on FB?
How can I turn my friend requests on Facebook into followers?
Where did social media platforms like Twitter, Facebook, and WhatsApp store their data in their early days?
How do you tell if someone is declining your call on FB messenger or just not answering?
Could anyone figure out my Facebook profile based on my Facebook page?
How can I check if someone has blocked me on FB Messenger?
What are the best ways to use Facebook for company?
How do you earn money from Facebook videos?
How can I get a blue tick on my Facebook profile?
What are the drawbacks of installing the Facebook app?
How can I convert my Facebook profile to page a second time?
How do I get unlimited likes on Facebook?
A few months ago, I proposed to a friend of mine on Facebook. From that time she has blocked me and has not been in contact with me. How can I become her friend again?
A girl dumped me, deleted me on Facebook, and updated her relationship status with another guy the same day. Did she dump me for him?
How would you target people interested in buying lady's apparel with Facebook ads for LuLaRoe or a similar brand?
What would happen if nobody used Facebook anymore and switched over to another social media site?
Why do people, my so-called friends on Facebook, ignore me?
How do I get to the first comment when there are hundreds of comments on a Facebook post?
What are time saving ways to use Facebook?
How can I make money using Instagram or Facebook?
How can I promote my blog site using Facebook?
What are the DevOps jobs available in companies like Google, Facebook, etc.?
How do I tell if someone has two messenger account s?
How can I get authentication from another Facebook user to access his/her profile details through Graph API?
If most Hindus & Muslims post good things about each other on Quora, then why are there hate speech, hate comments & hate videos on YouTube & Facebook?
How much would WhatsApp be spending on cloud services if it was not bought by Facebook?
When does Facebook or Messenger add someone to your favorites list and why?
Does Mark Zuckerberg use same version of Facebook that every other normal user uses?
How useless do you think Facebook is?
What is the use of Facebook to Mark Zuckerberg?
How can I get to the very beginning of a Facebook conversation without scrolling through all the years?
How susceptible is Facebook to a civil lawsuit or large fine by the FCC, given the recent slew of crimes broadcast on Facebook Live?
Is it possible to use the same Facebook account after uninstalling the Facebook app?
If you delete a message on Facebook, will it still be seen on Messenger?
How can I get more followers on Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, Twitter, Vimeo and my blog?
Why should I verify my Facebook account?
How can I get my Facebook friend number without asking him?
What is the use of a hashtag in Facebook and Instagram while uploading a picture?
What made you quit 'useless' social networks, and how has your life changed since?
How do I change my Facebook settings to “Global” so that anyone can read my posts at any time?
How do Twitter, FB, Instagram, LinkedIn, etc. interconnect? If you hashtag something, does the whole post show up on Twitter?
Which social media site is the easiest to get verified on, YouTube, Instagram or Facebook?
Whenever I try to send a message to my friend on FB messenger, it never gets sent. I see only a red icon in a circle. Why is this happening? Am I being blocked?
How can I see who views my Facebook account?
Why does Facebook keep lying about new notifications?
Can you still see liked posts by a person blocked on Facebook?
Are intellectuals less active on Facebook? It seems that Facebook is more of a self-branding platform than a "keep in touch" platform.
What is it like to be a back-end engineer at Facebook?
Is there any way to download all the content that I have posted in a Facebook group including all status and files?
How do I know whether my Facebook data engineer phone interview went good or bad?
What would happen if Facebook bought Twitter?
Can I change the Facebook page that is associated with my Quora account?
How can I delete an old Facebook account of mine?
Can Facebook send me another password through my Gmail account?
How can I read my husband’s Facebook messages?
How can I tell if somebody has more than one Messenger app?
Is there a Facebook plugin to display an entire album in Lightbox?
Why do not top-tech companies like Google, Amazon, and Facebook hire people based on a test result?
Do Google or Facebook developers copy-paste codes?
Why do people not like Mark Zuckerberg?
How can I participate in a Facebook marketing workshop in India organised by Facebook?
How do I change the location of my Facebook post without checking in?
What can I do to block a person and their posts on my business page?
How do I hire Facebook ads?
Why are most Indians making LinkedIn into another Facebook?
How can I directly put my photo from Facebook on Instagram?
Why doesn’t India ban Google, Facebook, and all other social media sites like China does?
Can you offer the best online courses for mastering Facebook advertising?
What is the best way to start a conversation\chat with a Facebook friend who is a writer and novelist and happens to be a girl?
What happens if I mark a conversation on Facebook as spam? Will it delete the conversation from my friend's account?
How do I get access to someone else’s Facebook account?
Why is Quora still behind social sites like Facebook, Instagram and Twitter?
Who all joined Facebook after they joined Quora? Why?
When I open my Facebook feed, why do I see too many models in Ujjain?
Do you like using live streaming on Facebook?
What could products from Google, Facebook, and Quora do differently if they were available as native desktop apps rather than only in the browser?
How did I get a friend suggestion without a suggester’s name?
How do I get a reply from a girl on Facebook chat?
What determines the 8 friends that show up on your Facebook page?
How do I get access to my Gmail & Facebook accounts? I tried with this phone. Google won't accept this phone number. I don't remember my passwords.
Why would someone ignore a friend request rather than simply responding to it one way or the other?
What does it mean when you get “has accepted your request on Messenger”, but you have talked before?
Do you have an idea what will be the next Facebook or Instagram within the next decade?
Why should we hate Facebook?
Who has used Facebook ads to help a daycare with enrollment?
Which Indian Facebook groups are popular for buying and selling things?
How can I know the Facebook login history of my Facebook friend?
Can you know what friends are following on Facebook?
Should I run more than one campaign for the same target at one time on Facebook?
How do I create a new Facebook account and make it hard for others to find me?
Could anybody help in product (services) advertising on Facebook?
What should I do when I tell someone I'm not interested in chatting on Facebook and they keep messaging me?
How do you activate the ticker on your Facebook account?
Is it true that you can see who visited your Facebook profile by seeing their IDs in View Source?
How many people left Facebook after using Quora?
Why have Facebook posts disappeared when I come back to them?
What are your views on the logical Indian Facebook page?
When Mircosoft paid 240 million for 1.6% of Facebook how did that value Facebook at $15 billion?
How does Facebook connect two users?
Is there any way to see the recently added friends of a person who's not on my own Facebook friends list?
If I write a letter to Facebook headquarters for Mark Zuckerberg, will I get a response?
Should Facebook have a duty to rescue a crime victim?
Where and how do you usually get swag bags at tech developer conferences (Facebook F8)? Does going earlier help?
Who are the people who search my Facebook account?
What are the pros and cons of a only using Facebook for a business’ online presence?
Do people ever have positive emotions towards a Facebook friend?
Why does everyone want to join Google or Facebook rather than thinking to build their own startup?
Why is the use of a fake account on Facebook prohibited rather than framed? I mean, most public figures change their name, so why can’t we?
What are the likely differences between how Snapchat and Facebook will implement augmented reality?
If one were to build the next Facebook what technologies would you use?
Can I apply for a job with Facebook/Google one year in advance?
Can I delete my Facebook account? Not deactivate it, I just want to delete it.
What does Mark Zuckerberg do at Facebook? Does he write code or do business negotiations?
How do I impress my Facebook female friends?
If I set chat to offline on Facebook and I log out and then log in do I keep appearing as offline or does it switch online and offline?
How can I make 5,000 Facebook friends in an instant?
Should YouTube adopt Facebook's 6 reaction buttons?
What tools do you need to build an app like YouTube and Facebook?
What is the status of Abu Saraf?
What might be the reason for suddenly decreasing Facebook followers?
How can I check my other Facebook friend lists?
Why do people post their status on Facebook as “Watching Bahubali 2"?
Can I see who someone's chatting with on Messenger?
Is there a problem with Facebook today?
What does Quora think of this skit by Neel Kolhatkar on "equality" that is currently going viral on Facebook?
How does Facebook decide which background color to use for link posts?
How can you find out when someone last logged in to Facebook, without being logged in?
Why am I not getting Facebook messages from people who are not on my Friends list?
Have Regina Dugan's results from Facebook F8 been reproducible by anyone else?
What are some interesting pages on Facebook to increase our knowledge?
What is a good return on Facebook ads for fashion and apparel?
Facebook is blocking me again & again, & I have to change my password every 2 hours, & I'm also unable to post my comment. Why is this happening?
Can the Facebook destroy our life?
Is it possible to fall in love with someone over Facebook?
Why did Facebook not approved my weight loss page for promotion?
Which social media platform is likely to fall first among Facebook, WhatsApp, Instagram, Twitter, and Snapchat?
How do pages like "did you know" get likes on their Facebook page?
Where did Twitter go wrong that Facebook didn't?
How can I see my other Facebook me?
Why do people brag about not being on Facebook?
What will be the scenario if Facebook and Quora are connected/linked?
Why do people get offended in Facebook's comment section easily?
How do I receive email notifications when I get a private message on Facebook?
How do I send a message when people like my page?
For systems having millions of users (such as Facebook, Twitter or some popular online games), how should the administration system be built?
What happens if you add someone on Messenger?
How do I reset the password of my Facebook account?
Should Facebook prevent crimes from being uploaded to Facebook?
Have you seen any Quoran on FB?
On Facebook Messenger, why does it say that “You are now connected on Messenger”, even when we are not friends on Facebook?
Would I be notified if someone reports me on Facebook?
Which is the best Facebook bot?
What does the green dot on Messenger mean?
Can I get 1000 likes in Facebook with zero cost and within in one hour?
Does Facebook allow external companies to provide interactive embeds on their feed?
Do the Illuminati exist? There is a group on Facebook which says that all of the terrorist attacks have been made by the CIA. Is this true?
Which is the best Facebook group auto poster?
How many are the data centers of Facebook?
Being an Indian, can I make Pakistani friends on Facebook? Is there anything wrong in that? I have seen some people making friends with them on Facebook.
Why do some people choose not to “like” someone’s post on Facebook intentionally?
