Does trial science involves hiring detectives and hackers like in "Dr. Bull" or is it just fiction?
What are the common flaws in science fiction?
What is the meaning of the phrase “Shall God's fiction, which is a Man's reality, fall short of Man's fiction?”
Which magazines accept unsolicited fiction submissions?
What are some underrated classic literary works?
What is the strongest fantasy element?
Would anyone be interested in being able to talk to a fictional character? What makes a fictional character so great?
Why did novelist Nelson Algren choose to write about poor people and criminals?
Is Pixel a bad name, and, if so, what are some similar but better alternatives?
Why does fiction matter?
If a fictional tech was created in real life, would the creator of the tech have to pay royalties to the creator of the fiction?
Of currently existing fictional characters, which would Ivan Tregear most like to voice?
Can you aid me in my search for a character look-alike?
Can www.flixseek.com help us find free fictions?
Are there any really good fiction books about Area 51?
Do you strangely envy all those emotionless dystopias in fiction?
Which small publishers specialize in literary fiction?
What are best medieval history fiction books?
Can anybody tell me some fiction novels?
Could you suggest some fictional and non fictional novels that are helpful to improve English and aren’t boring?
What is your opinion on the fictional character Carmen?
If you could live in any fictional universe, which would it be, when would you go, and who would you be in that universe?
How can you add dark atmosphere to a fictional story?
What fictional place would you most like to go to?
What does ‘canon’ mean in “Harry Potter”?
Will fiction writers still be able to make a living off of writing in the next 10 years?
Is 4000 words for the first chapter of a fictional novel too long?
In YA, while crafting a fantasy or science fiction world, what are some common tropes to look out for?
Why does reference to 'books' often default to 'fiction books' and skip 'non-fiction'?
What is your favorite science fiction book as of 2017?
What are some fiction books about serial killers?
What are the steps to writing a fictional story?
What are some good character driven science fiction novels similar to Bujold's Vorkosigan Saga?
If mankind created sentient robots, would they have equal rights?
As a Christian author, is it ok to use fictional religion and magic in writing stories?
Which is the best fiction novel to read with a dramatic suspense?
Which fiction writers and works had or have the most accurate predictions or portrayals of the future?
Which is your fave suspense thriller fiction novel? Mine is “Gone Girl”.
Who are some English authors who use the most complicated and difficult-to-understand words in their books or poetry?
Can only one space marine from Warhammer 40k be able to take out the entire axis force from WW2?
Can you name some interesting books that help in improving our intelligence or some interesting fiction books to read through the holidays?
Has anybody used the "Snowflake method" to design their fiction? What other methods do you suggest that are more practical and preferable?
For $5,000,000, would you spend one year in a parallel world similar to ours but there is one difference marked in the details?
What do you think about identifying as a fictional character to cope?
Which fictional character would be the most boring to meet in real life?
Which is the most popular Chinese fiction in English readers?
What are some good Indian fiction novels about love?
In most fictional media, when a black supporting character is in a position of power, how come they are depicted as incompetent or corrupt?
Which fictional character do you find most inspiring, and why?
Has the Internet been good for authors of fiction, in terms of their development or success?
What person, fictional or real, brings good luck to those around him?
What is a posh, classy sounding city name?
Why does one need to read a fiction book?
What are my chances of making a living off of rapping and writing fiction?
Is there any 80s or earlier science book (not science fiction) which 'predicted' that video calling would one day become an everyday phenomenon?
Is it good if you feel vulnerable when you write fiction?
Is the fandom for the musical Hamilton creepy for treating historical figures like fictional characters?
Are there any fantasy (or just fictional) worlds with a flat Earth ?
Which fiction book would you recommend someone to read?
What characteristics define narrative fiction?
What is the one fictional crossover you had the most fun writing?
How did reading books (fiction) change your life?
What are some fictional characters who weakness is depleted uranium?
What non-human fictional being would you have sex with?
What are some good tips for writing science fiction?
Any fictional conspiracies that are close to the reality?
Why do so many Y.A. fiction novels have seventeen-year old white girls as protagonists today?
What are the worst 'literary fiction' novels you have read?
Is reading fictional novels important to life? How, and why?
How should I start writing fiction?
If a fictional character that you have a crush on appears in your home and demands that you marry them, would you do it?
What are some good names for a fictional heaven?
How many fictional universes can you name that each have their own equivalent of the Living Tribunal?
Why are crystals associated with energy storage in science fiction? Is there any science behind this?
If you met your favourite fictional character, what would you say to them?
When writing a novel, when is it good to write in the past tense, and when is it not?
What is the worst piece of fiction you have written?
How can the Harry Potter series be moved forward as a novel after The Deathly Hallows?
What is the full list of fictional AI assistants?
Is there any fictional and non-fictional book reading app?
If you could have any job, fictional or real, what would it be?
What do aliens or monsters have to do with science-fiction?
How can I sell my fictional and non fictional articles? If blogs buy articles, do they publish the author's name?
What is the most useless science fiction gadget?
What is the last fiction book or film you'd want turned into an opera?
What books or movies are about the romantic relationship/friendship between scientist and artist?
Is there a fictional killer based on H. H. Holmes?
Which books have you read more than 2 times?
What are fantastical elements in fiction?
What is your favorite method of space travel in science fiction novels?
I have a story idea, but I'm not a fiction writer. I just want to read it. Can I just publicly write the idea for any author that wants to take it?
Could our universe be fictional?
What are some touching and uplifting fiction books about the human spirit and it's goodness?
What is your opinion on reading present tense fiction?
What are your favorite books, from the political fiction genre?
There was a place called Mahismati in ancient India. Is the story in Bahubali a fiction, or a fiction created around some real incident?
In Indonesia, will the upcoming Vandaria Saga Universe mark a rise in fantasy fiction genres in the local literature trend?
A supernatural portal opens up and gives you the once in a life time chance to join any fictional universe. There's no turning back. Do you do it?
What are the best free international fiction writing competition in North America?
What are your favorite fan fiction AUs (alternate universe)?
What are the pros and cons of providing chapter titles in a novel?
What type of passion is required for clearing CA final?
Do publishers prefer crime novels set in fictional towns/boroughs (legally speaking)?
Can an author write about a science-fictional war of America vs. England in the future? Do you think the states would get offended?
If you were to create a fictional character of your own (besides Sherlock, ofcourse), what would it look like?
You can go into one fictional universe of your choosing. What would your role be in this world, and how would it affect the characters and plot?
How can I get blue fiction on Quora?
What is a good book (fiction,any genre) that can change my perspective against the status quo?
Would you introduce your own fictional character like Sherlock Holmes? What would his role be and what would you like him to do in your stories?
Are there any libraries in Hyderabad that have a good collection of fiction and non-fiction for a 9-year-old near Yosufguda?
How do you write a non-fictional (biographical) novel with conversations that are true to what happened?
If you had to write a fictional story, using at least 10 popular Quorans as characters, how would it go?
What's the name of the fictional city 13 Reasons Why take place?
How do I work more goals and payoffs into my paranormal fantasy novel?
When writing fiction, is it appropriate to tell the plot through dialogue?
Were Romeo and Juliet wrong to disobey their families by continuing to see one another and did they get what they deserved in the end?
Is Captain America's shield the strongest in all of fiction?
What science fiction story contains mind relocated into another body?
What are some best psychological thriller fiction novel?
How can fictional characters, like Macbeth, inform our behavior in the 21st century?
Has a Head of State ever written a good fiction novel?
Should a fiction writer take a job writing nonfiction?
Should we expect a space warfare soon?
What kinds of Indian books do you like to read in terms of genre? Does India have a great fictional fantasy book?
Can I trademark the title of my fiction novel series?
Which science fiction you want to happen in real life?
Is science a fiction?
What advice would you give to someone who wants to write his first fiction?
Which For Dummies book is best for advice on writing fiction?
If you can be a member of a military unit in the past, now or fictional, which one will you join?
How does one get skilled at writing fiction, and how did you learn to write?
Which non-academic fiction books would Awdhesh Singh suggest that are related to bureaucracy?
Even though it is said by GRRM that the world of ASOIAF is bigger than ours, why does it feel that it is the opposite?
In novels, can a character have multiple foils?
What are the best reference works on American literature?
What are some of the things that one should know before writing fiction for the first time?
I’m planning to set up a story in America even though I haven't visited there. How can I research about the localities?
Is Lisbeth Salander a lesbian?
Do you believe that death is just a fiction?
Which fictional characters would you have loved to have gone to school with?
Is it a good idea to read novels while preparing for finals?
If war and all of the world’s problems were fixed, would people still use them as topics for their books?
What would happen if Dumbledore was straight?
What fictional character do you feel the most sorry for or pity?
What word matches with "poisonous infection" and "mind-reading" the same way as the other matches given?
What do you guys feel about the fiction book "Secret Lover: Just for Month/Lifetime" by Author Suyash Dwivedi?
What would be a good building to use as the American headquarters of a fictional Illuminati?
What are some fictional characters that possess the character of the perfect woman?
What stories prove that "truth is stranger than fiction"?
What is the one fictional book you cannot do without?
Fictional detectives always seem to have criminal archnemeses. Have there been any real-life examples of this, or is it just in fiction?
What is meant by a ‘fictional group’?
How much leeway do you give a book before giving up on it?
Is it better or easier to write about fictional characters that are different than you?
If you had total control over one fictional character for a day, which would it be?
Will our art and fiction become obsolete in the time of AI?
What​ are some fictional stories that you have created with other people?
How do contemporary fiction authors today avoid having current technology and tech communication trends fatally date the shelf life of their books?
Where should you start when writing a fictional book?
Which are the best fictional bloggers? Especially Indian?
Is fantasy a real genre, or is it just very popular fan-fiction?
What houses have aligned with Jon at the end of season 6?
Are there any historical science fiction books?
What are some good examples of real life and fictional conflict to learn from for good storytelling?
How is reading books helpful, and which book should I read first about fiction?
The lightsaber is the coolest fictional weapon ever. How do you create a cool weapon like this for the fictional world?
Why is popular fiction dismissed as socially and politically conservative? How is it socially & politically conservative? Why might others disagree?
What's the oddest way you've been introduced to a work of fiction you ended up loving?
What are the great fictional book should I read which are available in free?
Is it better to avoid or use slang in young adult fiction novels?
What are some of the challenges of writing contemporary fiction today that weren't an issue ten years ago?
Can I have some fiction book recommendations which does not involve romance and horror elements?
Are there any American fiction novels of any kind that have settings taking place not in the United States but rather else where?
Is Zeppelin / Blimp considered steampunk or dieselpunk?
Are sleeper agents fiction?
What grains are natural, or have they all been changed from God's intention?
Can I write a fiction novel series about a kid who is a real life Jedi, that takes place on earth?
If you could visit any fictional world, what fictional world would you choose?
What are some tips for writing action scenes in fiction?
What would be the most powerful fictional character to be written in existence?
How do you define a space opera as opposed to other forms of science fiction?
Is it true that today, commercial fiction is bland garbage, while only some innovative literature will be remembered as classics in the future?
In what ways do fictional stories influence our behavior?
What are some reputed Hindi fiction publishers in India and what are their email addresses?
What is Bellovian irony?
What are the best novels with science fiction and humor?
Can I really live out my fantasies like I've read about in fiction novels and seen in pornographic films?
Is it unhealthy to enjoy Mary Sue fiction?
Are there any American fairy tale style romance young adult fiction that I can enjoy reading?
What is the most realistic fictional universe?
What film TV show/book that you have watched/read had the best structure and plot?
Why can't fictional characters be real?
Are the incidents described on Quora answers real or just fictional stories?
What if real life physics were applied to your favorite fictional character?
What if a fictional character entered a comic convention?
What are some places of great magical power in work of fictions?
Can an author of fiction be sued for libel, despite the "all persons fictitious" disclaimer in the book?
Are there fictional characters who just enjoy life and avoid commitments?
I'm a rising junior. How can I improve my fiction writing before the end of high school?
Why is mystery fiction better than science fiction?
Would you read a dark science fiction novel based in India?
What used to be a science fiction but is now a real thing?
If you had to pick 5 fictional characters to live with for the rest of your life, who would they be?
If you could have dinner with any real or fictional character, who would it be and why?
Lacking inspiration, can readable, interesting fiction be created using only the mechanical rules?
Can you think of a good character to put in a fictional book?
What percent of fiction protagonists have green eyes?
Which are the must-read English books about Northeast India, both fiction and non-fiction?
If you were allowed to kill one fictional character, which one would it be?
Who are some Crime Fiction Writers on Quora?
Why should I ever read fiction if I can find interesting and more than enough non-fiction materials?
What are the rewards of writing and developing a fictional character you strongly disagree with ?
Is "Thunderbird" the only term used for airplanes, in fiction or otherwise, based on animals?
Telepathy is typically in the reserve of the science fiction genre, but what if we could actually read other people’s thoughts? What might we discover?
Which are some of the best science fiction stories of all time?
What do you call quoting something or someone from a fictional universe, as an example to illustrate a statement on reality?
Why would someone like only realistic fiction books?
I'm writing a parody of all the YA fiction cliches out there. What are some ideas?
Is the science fiction community biased toward left-wing content? If so, why?
Excluding Rhaegar, which Targaryen ancestors does Jon Snow most resemble in terms of personality?
A Song of Ice and Fire (book series): Why was Jon Snow betrayed?
Which fictional weapons can become real? The idea can be from movies, comics, or novels.
How are the births and early lives of great main characters portrayed in Eastern storytelling?
What is the name of a short story about aliens offering to fix earth’s problems by taking control for a long time?
Which 10 fictions should I read in 2017?
What fictional city in the DC universe would you most like to live in? Why?
What does science fiction include?
What if famous people were clan leaders in Clash of Clans? What would be their clan name and clan description?
What fictional government is most evil?
Are dream journals redundant for a fiction writer, or do they provide a good source of creativity and (potentially) depth to an idea?
Where can I find free fiction, aside from ficfun.com?
Can any fiction/fantasy writers give some advice for getting started as a writer?
Would it be clarified in the books as to why Lyanna Mormont is ruling in the Bear Islands?
What are some realistic tactical backgrounds for females in federal agencies and the military?
Which is more satisfying, journalism or writing fiction?
For the purposes of fiction, can you imagine a brilliant scientist carrying out an entire particle collider experiment alone, with no support team?
Which is the most diplomatic fictional character according to you?
What are all the known spells and their uses from the whole Harry Potter series?
Is this order of reading A Feast for Crows and A Dance with Dragons recommended? http://boiledleather.com/post/25902554148/a-new-readerfriendly-combined-reading-order-for-a?
Who are the various writers of apocalyptic fiction set in the Victorian age?
What's going on with the character dynamics in this scenario?
What are fiction books that take place in Scotland?
Could you name science fiction writers from outside the Anglosphere?
What is speculative fiction?
What sets a paranormal romance apart from other paranormal genres?
What are some ethical issues with fan fiction?
Is Johann Conrad Dippel The real inspiration for Frankenstein?
What are the upcoming Indian fiction novels?
As a writer of fiction, do you always write with scene goals in mind? Do you think every scene needs to have conflict?
Is it normal that I can't relate to any fictional characters from books or movies?
Do you read more non-fiction books, or more fiction books?
Where can I submit my flash fiction and get paid?
Why is it that in most works of fiction (i.e. films and written fiction), the protagonists are somewhere between 8 and 48 years old?
(Detailed answers please.) What would you think the everyday life of the (objectively) most stunning and beautiful woman in the universe would be like?
What money does a fiction author get for a movie option?
Which fictional character would you relate yourself to and why?
Why is it that in some fan fiction, writers despise Lois Lane’s being paired with Superman?
Is it good to write fiction in today's world?
What are the coolest alien species in fiction?
What era in history of Essos (Ghis, Valyria, etc.) corresponds to the Age of Heroes of Westeros?
(Spoilers welcome) Who are some narcissistic characters in literary fiction? Specifically cite detailed examples and titles of books.
Did you ever get inspired by a fictional novel and set out to write your own?
Is Aramaic a fictional language?
Why do people find fictional villains so attractive?
What are the best possible ways to plot a fictional story on any topic or idea in order to write a novel?
What fantasy race would you want to be real?
Is all fiction either historical or science fiction?
What is a fictional novel or movie set in a historical setting that is accurate, entertaining, informative and yet relatively easy to understand?
Why are people so obsessed with the "classics" in regard to fiction? Is it a way of validating their intelligence?
Can you suggest me some good fiction books to read?
Are original characters in a fan fiction better than canon characters?
Is a wormhole real or fiction?
What are the standard procedures/precautions taken by characters in conspiracy fiction when meeting secretly/discreetly?
Is there a fictional character you loved as a child, yet grew to hate as an adult?
If you could choose to have dinner with five people (real or fictional) who would you invite, and why?
Can you recommend some good fiction books with the action taking place in Miami?
What would you say is the best new fiction book for 2017?
Is it easier for first time writers to get published with fiction or non-fiction material?
Who are the best indie writers in literary fiction?
What are some of the best novels which can be made into a movie like Bahubali in India?
What are some good fictional or non-fictional philosophical novels about life, relationships, and human nature?
What is the best fiction to read today?
A former POW kills his king. Can his widow fall in love with him?
What fictional character do you wish you could meet?
Does reading really help change us in a big way?
What's a really good young adult fiction book I should read?
Which fictional game character would you enlist in your personal army and why?
What are space fiction books in Kannada?
Where did this fiction come from that Sarah Palin is stupid? I know elections are important to Democrats, but it's bullying to write off people like this.
If you ever needed to consult or retain a detective, which fictional American detective would you approach--Continental Op, Marlowe, or Donald Lam?
How important is naming in fiction?
If you had to make a video game of any character from any fictional/non-fictional universe, which character would you choose? Think out of the box.
In fiction writing, is it okay to write a villain character who will turn out to be a hero later on?
Why do extraterrestrial and fantasy races in fiction tend to have considerably longer lifetimes than humans do?
Are all writers "mad"?
What should every aspiring interactive fiction creator/writer know about interactive fiction?
Is Ralph Wiggum the most powerful being that has ever been created in fiction?
What are the best fiction books of our time?
What is the most powerful fictional government of any medium?
Is there a fan fiction where Bruce and Clark are a couple?
What are some examples of themes and topics in that are not discussed in literary fiction but should be?
How come Western movies focus on different aspects like science fiction, war, and why most of the Indian films lack such different perspective?
Who is your favourite fiction writer? Why?
Could there at least be a 0000.1 chance that all fictional characters exist?
What is women fiction?
Do you think it is better to read about a historical period in a fiction or a nonfiction book?
What's the place of science fiction as a genre in literature?
If one wants to repurpose trademarked characters for a different work of fiction, are there legal ways to do it without spending any money?
Is fiction as a genre actually useless?
What do you think about the book Great Again: The Fight for Freedom?
Fictional or real, what animal do you never want to come into contact with?
What are two science fiction movies deserved to be seen?
What is the best sentence you can think of to finish a Science-fiction story?
How do you select an ethnicity for a fictional character?
What are your favorite fiction novels, novellas or short stories that you recommend to others?
What are the best novels in the action, comedy, and fiction categories?
What fictional books can I apply psychoanalytic criticism to?
Would writing a book (fiction or fantasy) be a good idea for a teenager (under 18), as the media would promote it more?
What are some of the types of weapons, vehicles, and tools in a Steampunk setting?
What is the most futuristic and surreal thing you have ever seen in science fiction or fantasy fiction?
What famous stories allude to other famous stories?
What are some ways to make a great goofy main character in fiction?
What would be a good title for a Harry Potter/Babysitters Club fan fiction?
If someone wrote a fiction book based on Greek mythology, what figures would you want to see?
Who are the richest fictional TV characters?
What are some pointers and tips for writing convincing, authentic bipolar characters in fiction?
Which Science Fiction book series to read?
If you could build one thing, anything from your imagination, even if it’s science fiction, what would it be? Why?
Why is WWII more focused on in both fiction and nonfiction historical novels than WWI?
Your favorite fictional character is coming to kill you, armed with your favorite fictional weapon. How do you escape this sticky situation?
Why is Robinson Crusoe regarded as marking the beginning of realistic fiction?
What are three fictional books that one can’t put down without completing?
What would happen if all comics characters, beside Deadpool, found out that they are just fictional creations? Was there ever written story like this?
Which is the most trusted publisher for fiction novels in Mumbai, India?
Which books should I read if I love fiction?
Why didn't Bran send Rickon to the wall with Jon?
How has film noir influenced written fiction and vice versa?
Which work of fiction best explore China as the only new and only superpower?
Is it good to read fiction online?
Can fiction or novel writing be considered fine arts?
Which are some fictional characters that actually resemble any person in the world?
What are the best books to read? Fiction or non-fiction.
Is there a trend of pop fiction in Kannada literature?
What are some good fiction books based in Bangalore?
Will a fictional book on startup and its precarious journey work?
Which are the best "latest" science fiction movies?
Guys, do you have any fiction books about Opium Wars in PDF you can share with me?
If you found out werewolves were real, would you kill them, befriend them, study them, or ignore them?
What exactly is "interactive fiction" and how does it engage people?
Would it be a bad idea to name my (fictional) daughter Chell?
What themes in fiction do people want to read about today?
What are some of the best fiction books of all time?
Are there fiction writers or wannabe fiction writers willing to work with me as a team?
What are some good stories on "Evil allures but God endures"?
Is writing good fiction still a worthwhile vocation?
Would youlike to help me write my fan fiction?
Does something like a mesh armor really exist, or is it fiction?
What are some good fiction books/book series about angels?
Can a math-oriented person become a fiction writer?
What if alternate universes are created from fictional stories we make?
If I could wield fire, ice, and lightning, what could be the possible drawbacks of using these powers too much?
Is there any superhero or a fictional character whose main ability or power is a superpowered car or a vehicle?
There is the Dynamic Duo, the Seven Samurai and Twelve Angry Men. Are there writing rules about how large a fictional team of people can or should be?
Is there a list of must-read fiction books suggested by five-hours-a-day reader Warren Buffett?
Which is the best Indian publisher for literary fiction?
Why do some people think Sansa betraying Jon is out of the question just because they're family?
If you could control any “element” or “force,” what would it be?
Will some of the modern fictional works based on Hindu gods and characters become "smritis" in future?
What are the top ten fiction books you would suggest an avid book lover to read?
Can any fictional super hero be real?
Who are you most envious of—real or fictional—and why?
Why is there a fictional nation of Sauville in Gosick series?
How much of the Bible needs to be fiction for Christianity to be false?
Are zombie outbreak stories still popular in fiction and movies?
Copyright law: Is it okay for a fiction writer to use similar or identical themes that may already exist in other novels?
Who do you think are the worst heroes in fiction?
Which contemporary science fiction author writes the most like Michael Crichton?
Which fictional world would you be the most terrified to wake up in, and why?
What if the leader of Brazil (and the rest of South America) was a villain out of the James Bond books?
What is the worst thing that can happen to a man?
What are some fictional novels about the Russian mafia?
What purpose does an abridgement of a fiction book serve?
Can you tell me any names of movies of fictional old times, like Lord Of The Rings, 300, etc.? Which ones have battles and a great story in them?
Why is there so much craze for fiction?
What is a nasciturus fiction or rule, and when is it put into practice?
What is the sci-fi genre like in a sci-fi world?
Is there any book that narrates the emotions of a person who sabotaged his own relationship, life?
Why do some literary genres get outdated?
Why do so many fiction writers choose either magic or modern technology in their worlds? Why do people see it as oil and water?
Why are the words "fictional character" used together, as if characters could be non-fictional? Isn't this a pleonasm?
What is some good and (mostly) historically accurate fiction set in ancient Mesopotamia?
What is the most grimdark fictional world ever?
What is a good historical fiction novel, historically accurate and not about wars/gruesome?
Do fiction writers often edit the wiki of their books?
Does reading fiction really affect and help in fostering students of English vocabulary in writing?
When science fiction stories talk about alien technology being made of an unknown "element," shouldn't it really be an unknown alloy or compound?
Who is the worst villain in fiction that you would have a coffee with?
Where can I find fiction novels at a cheaper rate in Delhi?
How do I learn to write good fiction?
What are a few clear 'purposes' of fictional or real individuals?
Are there any dystopias in fiction you strangely envy?
What are some weird alien monsters in work of fictions?
What are some historical fiction books that a young adult must read?
How would I use real life subjects in a fictional story?
Why am I not allowed to like a fictional character if they are a bad person?
Is radical life extension science fiction or reality?
How do I successfully add suspense to my fiction?
What could you do with the superpower to manipulate thermal energy?
What is the process in writing a fiction book?
Your favorite fictional character is coming to kill you. You are allowed one fictional weapon of your choice to defend yourself. What do you choose?
What are the best fiction, fantasy, romance novels?
Which fictional character would you most not get on with?
What is a fiction novel with something to say about wisdom?
How important is it to create an antagonist to build a perfect recipe for drama in a fiction?
In dystopian fiction, why do the regimes get initial support?
Do dragons know who is a Targaryen?
Which are some of the greatest works in Classic fiction?
So, SF, sci-fi, science fiction or speculative fiction? And does it really matter.
How many of you really believe in god like it’s something supernatural?
Are there any great historical novels or modern non-fiction narratives dealing with ancient Israel?
How strange would the first name Pixel be in medieval times for a fictional story?
Is the one-year course in Fiction Direction from FAMU Prague a good course?
How difficult is it for fiction writers to determine proper dialogues for various characters that consistently differentiate their personalities?
How would you design your own fictional vampires?
Can you picture yourself in the shoes of any of the protagonists of fiction?
Why does science fiction give such low troop numbers?
Can you explain the plot of the All Good Things movie?
Am I the only one who doesn’t cry when there is a really dramatic death in a piece of fiction?
Do you fill out fictional character profiles, or do you simply write?
If you could build a 5 person zombie survival team using any fictional or real characters, who would you choose?
Is it ethical to pen down some excerpts very loosely based on historical events in a fiction novel?
What will Jon snow do with house umber now that he won the north?
What is the exact meaning of "write a fictional account of XYZ Situation"? Should it be in a form of story?
Do authors receive any success by spreading their written work or being active on Medium?
Would 5k words a day damage creativity? I want to boost my fiction writing from 2k to 5k so any tips would be appreciated.
Do leftists not complain about exclusively attractive lesbians in fiction because it helps their agenda? We never see dykes in fiction.
What is the meaning of “enchanting fictional territory” in Bengali?
If you have a button that can bring any and all fictional characters regardless of the genre and media into the real world, will you press it?
What are the best scenes from Laurie Halse Anderson's Wintergirls?
If you could create your own fictional political party, what would it be?
Is science fiction going to be science reality?
What blogging platform is the best for sharing writing? I am keen to write and share fiction stories.
What does the short story "Babycakes" by Neil Gaiman represent?
How is the backdrop setting established in a horror fiction?
Do you create fictional characters and worlds in your head? Tell me about them.
What can Jon do to prepare his army for the future wars with Cersei and the white walkers?
Are there science fiction movies/books/games with only theoretically possible technologies?
Has your fiction writing ever been hampered by a lengthy outline?
Do you need special permission to write fanfiction stories or books?
What would be a future (science fiction or otherwise) fastest mode of ground transportation?
How can you justify that Lord Ram was not a fictional character?
Within science fiction, what technologies do characters use that allow them to identify previously unknown living things and their internal structure?
What's the most realistic way to get your two main characters to meet for the first time in a fiction story?
How would you complete this science fiction story?
What are the best stories or fiction books to change your traits, worldview, motivation, etc.?
Are the Jerry Springerish situations presented in some Quora questions for real? Either way, how do you know?
What CEF level of English is needed to write a fiction book?
When will "The Winds of Winter", by George R.R. Martin, be published?
Is science fiction becoming more mainstream?
What is the best page/pages in American Gods?
If you could assemble a team of 5 fictional warriors, who would you choose?
Not counting the Lord of the Rings books, which was the most influential work of fiction that you have ever read?
Who are some of the weak female characters in fantasy fiction?
What are the best Marathi science fiction books?
Is it bad that I can relate to a lot of fictional psychopaths?
How can I engage directly with my readers and run discussions about my fiction novel, The Favored Son?
Are there any true utopias in fiction?
What battle in ASOIAF previous to Aegon's Conquest would you want to read about in detail? Pick one from Essos and one from Westeros if you’d like.
What are the biggest civilizations of fiction in terms of population?
Have you ever met someone so eccentric that you could base a fictional character on them?
How does science fiction explore and complicate what it means to be human?
What books (fictional/non-fictional/autobiographies) you would recommend to a beginner?
Where is the line between YA and Adult Fantasy fiction drawn?
Is the Ramayana epic fact or fiction?
What are some young adult fiction novels with a Freudian Trio?
What are some ways to subtly suggest to the reader that the narrator is unreliable when writing a work of fiction?
What are some of the best must read suspense fiction books?
What are some good fiction books about India?
Are you entertained more by the real world or by fiction? Are people in general inclined to favor one over the other?
What will be the plot for a science fiction novel or movie of the year 2300 or later?
What fictional character was accurately portrayed as a psychopath?
How important is it to read fiction if you want to become a fiction author?
Your profile picture meets your favorite fictional character. What happens?
What are translations of 'The Phantom Tollbooth' like to read?
Is it possible to 'punch a hole in reality' the way science fiction talks about?
How do contemporary fiction authors deal with new technology like conversation via text or Snapchat when writing?
Is there any magazine where I can send a science fiction story or asking for science fiction writers?
What are some extremely supernatural powerful entity in fiction?
Is Malcolm Gladwell the greatest fiction (not a typo) writer of all time?
Is western history built on fictional novels?
How would your life change if tomorrow you learned religion was fictional?
What fictional character resembles Trump the most accurately?
What is the fiction part of fiction in action?
Writing Fiction: Is there any kind of society or 'imagined society' that has people given rations based on a social level?
How do I put my fictional characters/world/story on paper if I'm bad at writing?
How did your journey as a fictional writer started?
Which science fiction stories from before 1980 did the best at predicting what modern life would be like?
What fiction do you recommend I read? (Check description.)
What are some fictional characters nom de guerre?
How do I show the world in 2060 in a novel I'm writing, which is not science fiction? The novel is about human emotions, but I need to show it in 2060.
What do you think would be the mentality of a 3,118 year old immortal man?
Do you think the genre of Film Noir could be reborn (or rebooted) especially as a vehicle for science fiction? (Think Heinlein, Asimov, Doc Smith)
What are the best novels for a college student in fiction?
How is writing science fiction different from writing other kinds of fiction?
What are the worst fictional boyfriends in TV and film?
Are autobiographies a type of nonfiction novels?
Can you name some marvellous works in the field of novels?
If you could save any fictional character, whom would you save?
How can science be used in science fiction?
How do you keep people from shipping a boy with his great great aunt without explicitly saying that they are related?
What are some of the best fictional (love story) novels and movies?
What would it be like if humans could jump into any fictional media?
What famous fictional (animated, comic, even superhero) character is a real health nut?
What are some of the places to pitch/submit stories for a neophyte author (fiction or nonfiction)?
What is the best of Godfather fan fiction?
Can I write both fiction and non-fiction and still be relevant? If you do one, does it create an image that excludes the other?
Will you review my fictional novel?
What is dark fantasy genre?
Are there any fictional social justice warriors or SJWs?
What's your experience with horror fiction? Have you ever written anything in this genre?
What separates popular amateur fiction from unknown amateur fiction, even when both groups have "bad" writing?
What are the elements of a good fictional story that both critics and general audiences enjoy?
Do you agree with Bob Gottlieb, former editor of The New Yorker, that "there are no undiscovered geniuses toiling away in the hinterlands"?
Which fiction book caused you to cry the most?
Which are some good crime fictions based in Texas/Louisiana?
Say Saitama from One-Punch Man suddenly appears in the current Star Wars universe. How screwed is the Star Wars universe?
What are the best fiction books with lessons on compassion?
Which Game of Thrones character has the best chance to survive the series?
What should a person do if he is creative in making words (like novels, jokes, poems, songs, linings, fictional stories, etc.), but doesn’t have money?
What is the best hard science fiction book of all time?
Why do some adults like YA fiction? There are some really trashy writing in that genre.
Should all fictional works include at least one female character?
What is novum in science fiction?
What are some must-read English fiction books?
Can someone help me come up with a title for my fan fiction?
How would the public react to a fiction book that has justified (not really) terrorism or terrorism that tries to be justified?
Is intellectual property protected on blogs?
Which are some of the best works of futuristic fiction written by women?
Are there any science fiction books which address a potential 5th dimension?
What is lacking from a reading experience?
Would a murderer still be tried even if the murder was completely wiped from their memory?
If I were to write a fictional story that mentions a real government agency (DARPA), in a kind of negative light, could I be sued for defamation?
What is the most common misunderstanding about literary fiction?
What makes the world of The Witch Who Came in from the Cold different from other fictional worlds?
I have an idea for a fan-made fiction. How do I approach the original authors with my idea? And should I?
Would a book labeled as alternative fiction put you off buying it?
Is science fiction taken seriously within science circles?
If you could choose one fictional character (any media) to rule your country, who would it be and why?
Who is the scariest heroic fictional character?
What if Superman was not a fictional character? Would he be godlike?
On the Internet there is a fan fiction "drarry", is it fact or just fiction? If it is fact, is there any proof?
How do you get your fiction/non-fictions in India?
If you could bring anime characters to life, which anime characters would you want to bring to life, and which ones would you not want to bring to life?
Why should I be interested in fiction, when reality is so extreme? (I wish I had a dollar for each time I've heard "You can't make this stuff up!")
The Victorian era is often portrayed in fiction as a time where high moral values were affirmed but not practiced. Is this a fair portrayal?
What are the best Gujarati classic fiction books?
When was the first time you were published in a fiction magazine?
Are elaborate descriptions of situations and supporting characters still relevant while writing fiction, in this modern age of readers?
How do I write a science fiction book without making it sound unreal?
Who is the Indian Sherlock Holmes, fictional or non-fictional?
Who do you think is the best fictional writer?
How did fictional people make his or her mythic weapons?
What fictional work has the coolest designs for its space ships?
What are the best books to read on mysteries and fantasies?
What author has written the most words?
Who are your favorite/favourite fictional character/s? Why?
What are some best fiction books for a beginner?
As fiction writers, how do you get past the common feeling of "This is awful” when you start to write?
Are there any enjoyable fiction books that will help you improve your grammar?
What is your fictional desire?
Which fictional universe would win in a fair 'rap battle' against all fictional universes?
Where can I read flash fictions?
What is fanfiction? Also, can you explain the meaning of fandom?
Is it scientifically possible to one day wake up and all forms of communication are down including the Internet and planes can't fly?
In science fiction, what are the differences between Arcologies and floating cities?
I got a science fiction book, where can I get it edited and published?
Outside of Marvel Comics, is there any other fictional nation controlled by people with superpowers?
How do I find and commission a fiction writer?
Are people often inspired by fictional characters?
Is time manipulation powerful magic? Why or why not?
If there was a team of villains from different fictional universes, what villains should be on it?
What science fiction writer do you recommend?
Is Stephen Hawking the father of future science or fiction?
Are we all characters in a piece of fiction?
What makes an amazing writer?
Has any work of fiction, or alternative history, ever been written, postulating the legal prosecution of Hitler at the Nuremberg trials?
How is a literary genre modified?
Who is the greatest fictional war strategist of all time?
Which science fiction stories have directly presaged actual inventions?
How do movies, TV shows etc. affect our brains?
If you could marry a fictional character, who would it be?
You are dead and can pick one fictional character to attempt resurrecting you in half an hour. Whom do you pick?
Can you name some interesting and the best fictional and non fictional novels?
What is the first novel that got you interested in fiction?
Why do real life battles last longer than fictional battles?
Will Dushka Zapata ever write a fiction book?
What interesting things should contain in a movie (for a fictional story)?
In terms of content, what differentiates religion from fiction?
Do you prefer happy or sad endings? Realism or fantasy in your literature?
Who are your favorite pilots of all time (both fictional and non-fictional)?
Can you write about black characters without mentioning race, culture, history or politics?
What are some spells to become a fairy in fiction?
Who are some authors like Michael Crichton, who writes fiction but also teaches the reader (i.e., Sphere, Andromeda Strain, and Lost World)?
Why do fiction writers struggle to find a career in India?
What are some good fiction books that explore the emotions of separation, loneliness and longing?
How can I create a fictional universe?
What is the best month to release science fiction?
What is fiction and nonfiction writing?
Is there a term for a work of fiction that criticizes itself?
Can you summarize the useful points of a book you have read in 200 words?
Is there any Greek magazine that writes science fiction short stories?
How do I overcome my fear of writing fiction books? I'm afraid of my old bullies coming back to haunt me, and of general judgment.
What are some tips for writing a fictional school?
What is your favourite map, fictional or non-fictional?
Are there any sympathetic narcissistic fictional characters?
Which fictional character's personality and actions are closest to yours?
What is the dominant philosophy in classic fiction?
Who are some of the best fiction or non-fiction characters with mustaches or goat tees?
It started as a coping mechanism for anxiety, but now I very often have fictional characters talking to me and interacting in my head. What do I do?
Which science fiction book offers the most intelligent path from present-day uncertainty to utopian-like future?
What proportion of science-fiction/fantasy writers earn enough money from writing to survive strictly from their writing and have a family?
What types of books are better if I want to improve myself, fiction or non-fiction?
If you could pick one fictional vehicle to be your daily driver, what would it be?
Where can I see James Altucher’s book recommendations split across his categories - quality fiction, nonfiction, games and thriller?
If you can hang out with any fictional character for 24 hours, who would you pick and why?
Will flying cars ever be a common thing or will that forever remain a fantasy of science fiction?
Among all realistic fictional characters, like Hannibal Lector and Sherlock Holmes, who is the smartest?
Where did the concept of a giant turtle with an island on its back come from?
Which one is better when writing fiction, "I'm” or “I am"?
Who are your top 5 fictional characters of all-time?
What if the fictional character Slender Man existed?
What is some fiction/literature that appeals to those prone to schadenfreude?
Is it bad to have unrealistic characters in fiction?
Why are human beings addicted to fiction?
Is there any Government financial support for starting a khadi unite?
What are some good fiction books on Indian politics?
Where are the best places to scrape metadata about popular fiction books?
Is it okay to write a fictional story with yourself as a character?
Can fictional books and/or TV series develop a sense of self esteem?
How do companies feel when trademarks become fictional characters? For example, the rejuvenated Gap Dragon in Xanth was named Stanley Steamer by Ivy.
What are some great monologues from science fiction literature dealing with utopia or futurist concepts?
What are some examples of unusual or counter-intuitive, fictional deities/pantheons?
Does a woman take the edge off of fictional characters, as in Dexter, for example?
How can I publish my fiction novel?
What will happen if Baahubali meets Sherlock?
Which piece of fiction or other intellectual property do you want to see made into a play or musical?
How do I publish a fiction book in India with no money?
Is Aristotle a fictional or real person?
How is dystopian fiction related to the historical moment it is created in?
What’s a small little fictional story about getting diagnosed with an unknown disease? I won’t copy it and write it down; I just need ideas.
What is going on in the rest of the world outside of Panem in the fictional Hunger Games universe?
What is the greatest non-fictional siege?
What would be a better name for another Voldemort for my fanfiction?
When is Dominique Weasleys birthday? I’m writing some fan fiction and it would be really helpful if I knew this.
How much creative license can be allowed in a historical film before it's considered fictional?
Speculative fiction in general: Is there a difference between "dimension" and "plane of existence"?
Which fiction books by women writers should one read before they die and why?
What is a good book with a fictional/nonfictional narrative to it?
How should I decide what some of my characters physically look like?
Is it weird to like fictional characters more than real people?
Can Edo Tensei be used in other fictional verses?
From a science fiction standpoint, how could I create a human with eagle abilities in the lab? What could the accident/incident be?
What is the best prose fiction book that you have read?
Is there any scope for a career in writing pocket fiction?
What are some books on comparative mythology?
How can fiction be considered art?
Where would I best find a consultant on the Galileo mission to Jupiter if I needed one for a (semi-fictional) novel?
I wish to understand fiction writing. What good book or novel should I read to get an idea?
Do you agree that fiction affects you?
Is there a real substance that, if injected, can kill a person immediately like in fiction books or action movies?
How hard can it be writing your first novel that is fictional? Especially getting the motivation that keeps going off fast?
Based on your personality, what fictional character would you get along with the most?
Which fictional character do you want to be?
I am writing a military/war based story, what are some examples of wars where its subjective to the reader who is "good" fictional or real examples?
Which show started the "he/she's an impostor" plot with everyone trying to figure out who is real and who is a fake?
How can I flesh out my fiction writing?
Can you make a horrible fan fiction by using only 200 characters?
Which are your top 5 books (fiction or nonfiction) for 2016-17? Please support your recommendation with reasons.
What are some titles for a fictional stoner television show?
If you could have any fictional spaceship, along with its whole crew, which ship would you want?
Why does crime fiction always come in a series?
Where do you think the difficulty would lie in the translation of Chinese fantasy fiction?
If literature aims to reveal the truth about society, is it really fiction?
What is your favourite book and what book do you think you should recommend to 12 - 13 year olds?
What is the best relationship you've ever had with a fictional woman?
Can a forest be used as a weapon on a worldwide level? People speak of the danger of losing the Amazon rainforest. Can this be used as a weapon?
What is the best way to set mood in a story without just describing surroundings?
A science fiction story I read years ago had the final line "To ask a good question, you must almost know the answer." Is this true?
Should I feel immature for liking and reading young adult fiction books, despite my being an adult? If so, should I read more “mature” books?
What are the ways to get popular in the writing business online? (I write fiction.)
What would happen without fiction novels?
What is the disorder of creating fictional people in life?
Can I use a popular quote in my contemporary fiction novel?
Are there any stories that worked better in film than in print?
Which is a better course to pick, fiction writing or memoir writing?
Do you know of any books where the main character becomes bad?
Why do so few fan fiction readers ever offer commentary and critiques when this is meant to be the whole point?
What is the fictional address of Gafoor Ka Dosth?
I recently went to a bookstore and was disappointed with the fiction selection. Can anyone recommend good contemporary literary fiction?
How do I get my book (fiction) reviewed without compromising the ownership rights? The book is still in soft copy.
What fictional baddie would you most like to be?
What are all the non-fictional books related to parapsychology, teleportation, ESP, and parallel universes?
Why are chosen ones and prophecies common in fiction?
I have started a fiction blog. How can I get my stories reviewed?
What are some fantasy stories in settings not based on medieval Europe?
How can you accept that fact that you cannot go to fictional worlds and that you are stuck in reality?
How is this for a first science fiction-superhero novel- Nova Academy, by Scott Olen Reid?
How do I make the conversations more clear in fictional crossovers?
What is the best way to find Christian fiction readers?
What 3 pieces of advice would you give to a person who wants to do fiction writing?
How do I form the demonyms of fictional planets and cities in Dutch?
Is it absurd to admire a fictional character and to wish they were real and were your friend?
What are some books about fictional and non-fictional Indian queens?
Who should I cosplay as?
Was the Golden Company lied to about Aegon's true parentage?
How can I get in touch with an FBI agent about asking questions for researching a book?
Why is growth so important for fictional characters since in real life so many people just do not grow whatever happens?
What is a science fiction lover’s worst nightmare?
Are less and less people reading fiction books for fun?
What is the best, most in-character, and most emotionally provocative piece of fan fiction you have ever read?
Do you think Terra-forming will be a reality or it will only remain an aspect of Science Fiction?
Who is one woman in history or fiction that you would converse with for an hour and why? What would you talk about?
Who is the most underrated Lovecraft creature?
Is love most a fiction when it becomes a mere duty as opposed to a true personal passion?
I'm used to reading non-fiction. What are some must read fiction books?
How do I publish my science fiction story?
What was the science fiction of the Renaissance period?
Do people prefer reading crime fiction in India?
Who is the best contemporary African fiction author you have ever read?
Have you ever read Cyberpunk Science Fiction?
Can anybody tell me some fiction novels?
What are good fan fiction of the Wizarding World of Harry Potter embracing technology?
Are aliens burned out as a science fiction concept?
Where in Lucknow can I buy new/used fiction novels at cheap prices?
In this era of alternative facts, how do you personally differentiate between fact and fiction?
Who are the most unique fictional characters with unique talents, skills, powers or any variable that can make them successful or win a fight? Explain.
What is a good title for a fictional novel that has something to do with piano and a girl?
What is your favorite science fiction book as of 2017?
Can you name a fiction book where someone learns a foreign language?
Can you suggest fictional stories or movies that share parallels with trump and those that follow him?
If you could dance with any fictional character, who would you dance with?
What do you think makes a fictional character good or evil?
What are some good names for a fictional modern city?
Who is your favorite fictional deity?
What are your favorite themes/character developments in Crime Genre?
What are some of the books that changed your perspective the most?
What are some magic swords in fiction and myth?
Who is hands down the most complex multi dimensional character in all of fiction?
What are some pink pig creatures in works of fiction?
What are the best modern fiction books about traveling to the future?
Which fiction books have had the greatest impact on the world?
Where do I read science fiction online?
What are your thoughts on nostalgia?
Which fictional character scares you the most and why?
What are some incredible feats of stealth in fictional characters?
Why do my eyes glaze over when I read that a work of fiction is "magical realism"?
What is fiction all about? Why are fiction books so interesting?
I have a main character from Scarborough, North Riding, Yorkshire. What can you tell me about the local culture here?
What do you think of people or fictional characters who act extremely neurotic and pretentious very often?
What characteristics define narrative fiction?
What are some good Indian science-fiction or books published in India?
Why do we believe the story when watching a movie, even though we know it's a work of fiction?
Who'd be in your all time kingsguard?
What do you think are three of the best duels in fiction?
What if I make up a fictional story to use on a crowdfunding site? Am I legally prosecutable?
What is the most depressing story (excluding love/breakups) real/fiction?
Can sign language be used to 'read' someone a piece of literary classic (or any fiction, really)?
Who is the most endearing/lovable fictional character?
Who were/are the greatest British fiction literature translators?
How is fiction/poetry necessary?
Non-fiction vs Fiction? Which one is better?
What is apocalyptic about "The Handmaid's Tale's" society?
What is a great tagline for a fictional brewery?
Is a hoax or fake news fiction?
Who would lead an imaginary evil army raised from the depths of history and fiction?
Can The Witcher be considered a work of fiction as good as The Lord of the Rings?
What are your favorite historical fiction novels taking place during the French Revolution?
What science fiction media realistically portray artificial organs and prostheses in a human body?
What are good fiction books to start with?
Is landing a critical hit on someone in fighting a fictional thing or is it a real thing/term?
What are the pros and cons of providing chapter titles in a novel?
What is your favorite fictional movie character of all time? What about your favorite novel character?
What are some examples of the 7 elements of fiction?
What literary devices make a fictional character interesting?
How do you narrate late night chat in fiction?
What is the most disturbing thing that you ever read in a fictional work assigned in a class you took?
How many people on Quora like to review fiction by Indian authors?
What is the relationship between Indian English fiction and globalization?
What are the themes in prelude by Kathrine mansfield?
What are your top 5 strongest Universes in fiction?
What are some realistic fiction story ideas?
How does Game of Thrones end for Daenerys?
What are some well-known fictional secret agents from cultures around the world?
What are the qualities required for a spy thriller or fiction thriller writer?
Can you suggest 10 fiction books to buy when I really enjoy philosophy and complex language used well?
What would make a really cool fictional international villain, and what evil deed is he planning to undertake?
Is it allowed to base a fictional character on a real person?
What do you consider a great rough draft for fiction?
What are the best nonfiction and fiction books of 2016?
Why is magic dismissed as impossible by science?
If you could kill any fictional character, who would you choose and how would their death effect the rest of the story?
What fiction features a dictator protagonist?
What is the largest fictional movie battle?
If you could choose one fictional character to protect you, who would you choose?
Is the list of 5 characters that survive according to GRRM's original plan for ASOIAF still relevant?
Is it dangerous to write fantasy fiction in a language with small number of speakers?
Is there a science fiction writer writing a book set about the Trappist-1 star system?
Which fiction novel will you recommend to all Quora users?
Can you write a story about a girl with a bad vocabulary?
What are similarities in writing a poem and a fiction?
What are the best adult fiction novels you can read in a day?
Is space travel a real thing or still fiction?
What are some combat cyborgs in work of fictions?
What are ten fictional universes that you wouldn't want to live in?
What are the best fiction/sci-fy books about Space?
What was your reaction to Atlas Shrugged and why?
Where do you find the inspiration or motivation to write your fiction novels?
How long should I read fiction books if my goal is to improve my grammar and writing?
What book—fact or fiction—would best help you understand Romania and its history?
Will reading novels or non fiction increase my brain's processing and ability to grasp complex concepts?
Religious children have trouble distinguishing reality from fiction. What are your thoughts on this statement/ study?
What is stopping us from achieving Interstellar Travel?
What are some cat aliens in works of fictions?
Reminding myself that The Notebook is highly fictional, was there ever a love story as great as this? Do you have an historical example?
What are some tactical weapons for fast attack in the real world/life and works of fiction?
What is your favorite curbstomp battle in all of fiction?
Who are the top three authors in Hindi pulp fiction?
Which writers would you nominate for induction into a pantheon of genre fiction?
If a billion-year-old star transformed into a human, what would its mindset be?
What fiction authors are writing Medium Series?
Will anyone ever become a proper fiction writer if they don't load their characters with curses?
Who is your favourite fictional antagonist?
How do you become a decent fiction writer?
Why is it easy for some people to follow the plot of a film or a fiction but hard for others? Is it innate or are you able to practise the ability?
What's the perfect resume to be the lead of a fiction series?
What heartwrenching story have you heard from a panhandler that you later found out to be fiction?
What are some places of great magical power in work of fictions?
What are some morphing weapons in work of fiction?
What are some fictional genocide events that make real life genocide events a drop in the bucket?
Who is the most tragically screwed over character in fiction?
What are important things to add to your fictional world to make it believable?
Can you suggest publishing houses in Melbourne that print historical fiction?
Do you write fiction?
Which are the must-read English books about Northeast India, both fiction and non-fiction?
What are some of the best magic systems in fiction?
What is your favorite fictional flag?
Why is the best fiction always based on reality?
What's a non-fiction book that can be compared to "Animal Farm"?
Is the science fiction community biased toward left-wing content? If so, why?
What would Jesus Christ say to your favorite fictional character if He met him/her face to face?
How do I improve my dialogue in a fictional thriller that I am writing?
If a human fell in love with an animal who became human and gained human intelligence, would it still count as bestiality?
What is the fiction book you would read again if you are out of books?
What is the difference between churches and "legal fiction" (like LLCs)?
What are the most surreal, bizarre, and futuristic fiction movies you have ever watched?(science fiction, fantasy fiction, or horror fiction movies)
Are there any fiction/non-fiction economic policy books explaining different unintended consequences?
Does multiverse theory imply that there could be a world with people with powers like the ones from any fantasy or science fiction movie?
Which are your top 10 fiction books of 2016?
What are some dumb things in the Wheel of Time series?
Who is a terrible villain from an otherwise good fictional work?
How do I really start a career in fiction writing?
What would it mean if you were a part of a 6,000 year old mystic bloodline associated with ravens?
Am I the only one peeved by the recent obsession with 'Broken but beautiful' female fictional characters?
Was Radha a fictional character?
Is this order of reading A Feast for Crows and A Dance with Dragons recommended? http://boiledleather.com/post/25902554148/a-new-readerfriendly-combined-reading-order-for-a?
What's the most difficult to read science fiction book?
What is a good fictional book that will help me in business?
Can you actually post fiction in the fiction section of Q?
What is the best way to depict ASL in fiction writing?
Is fiction ever actually fiction as most made up stories are based on something that actually happened?
What works of literary fiction also feature photography?
Where can I learn the science and the practical applications in order to write science fiction?
In some fiction, a character's body is slammed against a concrete wall which cracks it or breaks it with their back. Is this possible in real life?
What is the most probable/possible meaning of the fictional name "Wu Ao-Shi"?
Is it immaturity of people who write up 1000 words answer about powers & weaknesses of fictional superhero characters and have a discussion on it?
How do I make my fiction flow seamlessly?
What science fiction media realistically portray regenerative medicine?
How hard is it to publish a fiction book in a traditional way for a first time writer as of today?
Why is Antony a common name among fictional mobsters?
How much is fiction in 2 States?
What responsibilities do/should fiction writers take into consideration when writing?
What is the best POV for science fiction?
Mankind has made a lot of scary things in fiction. What are some things in fiction that, if real, would make the devil quiver in fear?
Have you ever read Twitter Fiction?
Has your favorite fictional book, movie or tale revealed something about who you are?
What elements would you love your perfect fiction novel to include?
How can fiction sometimes help you to perceive and understand reality?
Why did the FNAF creator make it look like Sister Location stole the ideas for Funtime Freddy and Funtime Foxy from Freddy Fazbear's Pizza?
Which are the best fiction books?(English, obviously.)
What's the best fantasy army you could ever build?
How do we even know if there is an intergalactic catastrophe coming for us if we only see back in time through a telescope?
Is inception possible in real life? Or it is just a fiction?
What are some defense satellites in work of fictions?
Is Jaqen H'ghar a mind reader?
Which “great“ works of fiction bored you and why?
What are some good fiction novels to read to improve vocab?
Why is travelling backwards in time such nonsense even in science-fiction?
What is the art of fiction?
Which is the best fiction book to read?
What fictional character do you wish you could meet?
What are some good completed fan fiction in which Naruto has a daughter?
How do you efficiently introduce readers to a fictional setting?
How is it like to read a chronological novel from back to front?
What is benefit of reading science fiction book?
Do you know about famous women or in fiction who died of a heart related disease?
What are the best fiction books about Rome?
What should I do to understand novel characters?
What are some great, original, unique science-fiction/fantasy stories, books, or comics you would recommend for a person to read? The more recent, the better.
Which fictional character that you created is your favorite, and why?
If Quora was a school what would be the four houses?
We deem magic as fiction, yet there is still death and even if nothing awaits us after that there is still the outcome of it. Where is the line drawn?
What are the best fiction books about politics?
Which fictional universe is the most powerful?
Which is the best fiction novel in Hindi?
I have a script for a fictional but historically accurate novel in medieval settings. How do I proceed?
What would be better titles for each ASOIAF book?
What advice would you give someone writing a fictional novel about aliens?
What's the most detailed fictional world?
What is your favorite quote from any novel?
What should I do before writing a fictional book?
Is the recent revival of interest in books like "The Handmaid's Tale" a sign of interest in literature or a concern about the future of the U.S.A.?
When I'm narrating a fictional story, should I describe all the settings in the story itself, and what should I avoid?
What would the conversation be like, if you could meet your favorite fictional character?
What are some fiction books about immortality?
What are the tips to write a successful book of fiction?
What makes a piece of fiction horror?
What are some diseases my character could die from in the 50s?
If someone wrote a fiction book based on Greek mythology, what figures would you want to see?
What would common behavior of a victim of child abuse be shortly after being pulled away from the lifestyle?
Who are your fictional and real life role models in life?
Are all myths fiction and untrue?
What is M.U.T.O. a mutant of?
How would we perceive the world if we were able to see IR and UV light (or more)?
What is the oldest recorded written fictional story?
What book or movie describes the difficulty of destroying an inbound nuclear warhead (past boost phase) due to something akin to "cavitation"?
What are some fictional technologies you would like to see become reality?
Is anyone in the fictional universe faster than the Flash (DC Character)?
Why is detective / crime fiction almost always about murder and not other types of crime?
What will the role of Bran Stark in GoT be?
What does the Russian people think about being portrayed as the bad guys in most of American fiction?
Who do I look for to read through my fictional story and re-style/re-make it into a decent novel like Harry Potter? My English isn't that good.
If you have talent for writing, what are the steps you can take to become a really great fictional writer?
Is the story of Odysseus fictional or real?
Is writing good fiction still a worthwhile vocation?
What are literature and fiction?
Which fictional books should I read during 12th vacation?
What are cool names for fictional spacecraft that don’t exist already?
Is there a fiction story about stress and language?
What are some good books in philosophical-fiction genre?
Which was the most disappointing Harry Potter book?
Which two fictional characters would you want to see face off on screen?
What are some examples of fiction disclaimers?
How do science fiction writers come up with designs for a spaceship?
What is the difference between surrealism fiction and fantasy fiction?
Which science fiction universes represents slavery as one of its main themes?
What do you think about fiction setting the bar too high for reality?
What is the most fictional thing in the nature?
How does one design characters, plots, conflict within a fictional world that closely resembles our own?
Is "The One Ring" from Lord of the Rings a macguffin?
What is an underrated fictional character that you have a crush on?
I am planning to write a fantasy fiction novel. What do beginners like me should know?
How do you think of a start of a fiction?
What are the science fiction equivalents of early Sword and Sorcery stories like the "Conan" or "Lankhmar" books?
What is the best fiction book you've ever read? Did it change your life in any way?
Are there any literary characters of note who were polar opposites in personality, etc, from the author who created them?
If Vader and Luke's light sabers had the same core would they only be able to wound one another and not kill each other?
Is Illuminati real or is it a fictional conecpt?
Who is the most inspirational character in the Harry Potter series, and why?
Why is Hollywood obsessed with science fiction?
What are some important facts about realistic fiction?
Is there anything in science fiction that will likely become science fact in the next few years?
Are there any retellings of Beauty and the Beast (movies, books, etc) in which the Beast doesn't turn back into a human?
Why does science fiction tend to be emotionally cold?
What are the saddest villain deaths in fiction ever?
You have proposed better pop culture Muslim portrayals for increased acceptance. What is an example in recent fiction that you have come across?
I'm an 8th grader who wants to become a fiction writer. What do I need to do in school?
What should I read fiction or self-help?
Is there a movie adaptation based on "Middlemarch" (George Eliot novel)?
If you existed in a magical/fantastic universe, would you be into the light or the dark side?
What is a great dark fantasy book series for me to read?
How do fact and fiction differ?
What are your top 5 favorite fictional characters?
Why don't aliens have any answer to nuclear weapons in movies?
I want to write a short fiction story. Could you give me any writing and/or content idea?
How long does philosophical fiction need to be (word count)?
Have you read science fiction mythology books like Shiva trilogy and do you think there should be more books like that?
What is the best way to self publish science fiction novel?
How is the process of writing different between writing fiction and writing non fiction?
What's the most interesting fictional world you've read/seen/heard about?
Have you ever wonder what heroes do in their spare time?
What is the best and more realistic way to resolve a love triangle in fiction?
I have a fictional disease I made and I'm looking to the closest real life version there is. Can any of you give suggestions?
What is the most beautiful dragon you've seen in fantasy?
What personality traits do you like best in story protagonists and why?
What is some science fiction on an epic scale like Dune?
What are some good non-fiction books about ancient Rome?
What are some books that use POV chapters as well as ASOIAF?
What are some good Harry and Ginny Soul Bond fan fiction stories?
As a Black Sails fan do you feel the show has gone downhill by adding more fiction onto the storyline?
What are the most common tropes and cliches in science fiction novels?
How do I become a professional fiction writer?
What would be the optimal weapons/armor combination for a fictional urban vigilante?
Is it possible that the fictional ley lines were inspired by fault lines?
If you found out that the world you lived in was fictional, how would you convince everyone else?
Could Court Gentry defeat the ISA like he defeated the CIA?
Do you know what urban Muslim fiction is and why it is important?
What are the last 3 fiction books you read and how do they benefit your creative or business writing?
Are there any good writing exercises for fiction writing?
Why is it that for some fictional stories, some atheists say that both are equally implausible, but others are able to clearly chose?
If Varys' power story is foreshadowing, who might be the king, the rich man, the priest and the sellsword, and in what circumstance?
What are some fantasy/fiction books you really enjoyed?
Do you read fan fiction? If so, what's your favourite and link it down below.
Can a story that is very metaphorical but doesn't use animals still be called an allegory?
Is writing non-fiction easier (faster) than writing fiction?
Is it a common universal theme that writers have a love/hate relationship with drinking alcohol, regardless of the era or time?
Who is the most absurdly powerful character in fiction?
What is your favourite fictional vehicle?
Do you prefer writing fiction to non-fiction, and if so, why?
Is there any good speculative fiction about a society of telepaths/empaths?
Which science fiction novel has come true?
How can I convince an average Indian that Bible is a book of fiction?
Are fictional stories necessary in order to understand real events, e.g. wars?
How would a legion of vampires be created in fiction and why?
Do you have to ask an author's permission if you mention their novel within your own fiction? What if they are deceased?
Which are 10 greatest fiction books?
Do fiction readers ever have an issue with authors' wrong portrayal of tragedy?
What are some of the precautions to take when writing a fanfiction?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of having an ambiguous timeline when writing science fiction based in the future?
Does reading fiction books change the way you see reality?
Was there a fictional or mythological figure who disappeared if everyone turned away from them?
If you were offered a new wardrobe, but it had to be derived from a work of fiction, which would it be?
If you could steal other people’s souls to live forever, would you? What would you turn into?
Who are the top TEN fiction writers writing in English in Malaysia judging by awards won and reviews?
What would you do if you could summon any fictional character for an hour?
Which human looks like a jellyfish?
If you could have any author (fiction/nonfiction/living/dead) write your life story, who would you choose and why?
What is the purpose of dreams, altered perceptions of reality, and visions in otherwise realist fiction?
What are different types of blog fiction or novel writers?
What would it be like if humans could jump into any fictional media?
What's your favorite fictional sea monsters?
Can you suggest some interesting fiction books for read with intermediate level? (English)
Can you suggest me some good fiction books?
What is the best way for an established, successful, published, nonfiction author to find an agent for fiction?
Who is your favorite writer of fiction from Malaysia and Singapore?
How does one go about introducing a fictional world?
How were mythologies written? Were they started as fiction? If so, do we have continuity errors or different versions like fan fiction?
If you were forced to create your own fictional universe to live in, what would you create?
Is writing fiction from a news article be a "derivative work" under copyright?
If you were forced to live in a fictional dystopian world of your choosing, which would it be and why?
What is the most horrifying fictional infectious disease?
Which fictional general would you prefer to serve under most?
What are some good fiction book recommendations?
How can the different types of fiction be described?
Is it cliche to refer to an organization using general titles in Utopian/Dystopian fiction?
Has any fictional novel been write in an open source format?
Are there any sex scenes in The Wheel of Time series?
Is it illegal for me to re-invent a car that is in a fiction movie if it is not real and has not actually been made in real life?
Who is the scariest heroic fictional character?
Why don't fictional secret organizations give themselves silly names?
How would you react if you discovered that all fictional characters are real creatures living in alternate realities whose existence depends on us?
I have thought about a science fiction plot and want to write it in the form of novel. How do I approach writing?
How do you breed dragons?
Does having a good understanding of science make it harder to write science fiction novels?
Who is a better writer? Richard Dawkins or Charles Dickens?
What's the point of (f) Aegon's storyline?
If witches or any other superior supernatural creatures want something important from human, what would it be?
What category do celebrity fan-fictions go under?
Do I need to write a "Bible" for a fictional religion?
Who thinks the stories on Quora are mostly fiction?
Does fiction reflect reality? Or does it distort reality?
Are there any non fictional humans that have lived who are arguably more famous than Jesus?
How did fictional people make his or her mythic weapons?
Is there interest in a website for fiction book summaries?
What science-fiction technology do you think would be worth becoming a reality?
Can we use Songs, movie dialogues and Celebrity name in a fiction novel?
If you could join 1 fictional organization, what would it be?
Can you write about somewhere you've never been for a fiction book? If so, how?
Which fictional characters have an ENTP personality type?
Is it illegal to make a wanted poster of a fictional person?
What kinds of unique character traits do you wish was more prominent in popular fiction?
What is the best fictional book for a 12-year-old who is reading adult books?
Is time manipulation powerful magic? Why or why not?
What would our world be like, if as soon as someone dies, they instantly go antigravity?
Could anyone suggest me some good fiction/mystery novels which are gripping and interesting?
What role do detectives play in detective fiction stories?
What will you do if you were on a cruise ship and the purge started?
What are the best & easiest courses after 12th commerce? I don't like science. I like to read fiction, draw, and surf the Internet.
Is life experience crucial to being a good fiction author?
Have you ever felt that some fictional dystopias sound quite good, really?
Who is the most heroic fictional character in existence?
Who is the most powerful person in all of fiction?
In Walk Two Moons is Sal's mother dead?
When is a society a fiction of former glories- how ineffective is heritage weaving when it's no longer connecting identity to a sense of achievement?
What are some good fictional series that I can read?
What are the elements of a great villain or "bad guy"?
Who and what is Dagan Harris?
Is there any difference between the language density of fiction and non fiction books?
Suddenly, everyone on Earth is given a random fictional object. What happens?
Who are some authors like Michael Crichton, who writes fiction but also teaches the reader (i.e., Sphere, Andromeda Strain, and Lost World)?
Can there be legal consequences for depicting a fictional version of a real, living person being tortured in a satirical novel?
What 10 fictional characters would you invite to dinner?
Name of a book that goes something like 'Why most of your thoughts are fiction and other reasons why you won't succeed in life'?
How do I get over the fact that science cant compete with science-fiction?
What are some unusual fictional characters or races from mythology or legends?
Are there any literary fictional characters that are similar in personality and skill set to Jason Bourne?
What is your favorite fictional celestial body?
Would you be interested in an esoteric fiction book set in Atlantis? And why?
What is the best title for fiction related to rain?
Which science fiction book offers the most intelligent path from present-day uncertainty to utopian-like future?
What are the best literary fiction books you've come across?
Which is your favourite fictional Bengali sleuth?
Who are your top 5 fictional characters of all-time?
Has anyone gone through darkness but initially was in light but again came back to the light?
What are some of the darkest books/novels/poems that you've read? Fiction or Non-fiction.
What makes a great historical fiction novel?
What are some breathtaking philosophical fictions like The Bet by Anton.P. Checkov?
Is it insulting to survivors to write a historical fiction novel about the holocaust?
What is the best matchup fight between any two fictional characters?
Is the Bible the bestselling fiction ever, or are there other fictions that have sold more copies?
Is there a web site that compiles predictions about the future made in science fiction stories and novels?
If we lived in a fictional world where most people had powers, what powers would be considered common?
In fiction, and in reality, are there many female characters who would risk their lives to protect their men?
How is dystopian fiction related to the historical moment it is created in?
When writing historically-based fiction, how closely is it important to adhere to locational details?
Has any fictional series been written about India's special security services, the RAW, the CRPF or the Gorkhas?
Why is Melisandre not in the service of Daenerys?
How can I improve my science fiction newsletter? [Dutch] Www.getrevue.co/profile/Kardashev
Can you share a fictional idea for a flying beast?
Do you think fictional characters may exist in a different dimension or reality?
How are autistic people portrayed in fiction?
What is the most transformative experience you have had with a piece of fiction? It may be a book, a movie, a play, video game, you name it.
Who is your favourite fictional character who inspires you?
Were there any fiction or non-fiction books that predicted the internet?
What was the best zootopia fan fiction you've read?
What is the most interesting book (fiction or non-fiction) you have read recently? and why did you find it appealing?
What is a good fictional book about Siberia?
What are some of your favorite science fiction novels that give great (pedagogical) examples of physics?
What are some examples of 'factions' in dystopian fiction?
Which authors of fiction succeeded on their first book?
I am writing a military/war based story, what are some examples of wars where its subjective to the reader who is "good" fictional or real examples?
How can I make a fictional antagonist likable?
If there was a fictional leader of purgatory, who or what would it be?
If you found a way to communicate with a fictional character, how would you get them to convince others of their existence?
What fan fiction websites are best for preteens to write on?
Is there a piece of software that estimates climactic zones based on fictional geography?
Which is the best fan fiction that you have read so far?
What are the best romantic, fantasy and inspirational (fiction or non-fiction) books to read?
Where can I get a list of all of the fictional characters based in India? How?
Which strongest fictional character could you solo?
If you could bring one single type of technology from fiction, what would it be?
To what degree is Stephen King's fictional Castle Rock environment realistic?
What are the best verses that were ever written for a fictional religion?
What are differences in writing a poem and a fiction?
How hard is it to break into the erotic fiction market? Can it be profitable?
Which writing frameworks allow me to personalize my fiction towards aspects about my reader?
Who are the best stylists in 20th century American fiction?
Which science fiction book had as its main character a police woman with gene-modified super skin, and there was a whale hooked in their "internet"?
Is it good to constantly read fiction novels?
Is science in fiction science?
What fictional character has the coolest plot armor?
Which author (fiction) do you think gets you the most and why?
Is there a more powerful weapon in fiction than this?
What is a good style of fiction writing?
Would giant swords be effective weapons in low gravity environments and have any fictional stories taken advantage of this concept?
What are some tips for writing dystopic fiction?
Do I have to be an expert/master in English to write a fictional (novel) story (like J. K. Rowling, for example)?
What is Hesse's The Glass Bead Game novel about?
Trace the development of modern English fiction with specific reference to the major shifts in literacy perspective during the nineteenth century?
Which is the best fictional series providing medical knowledge?
How do I create a coherent timeline for a series of books in a fictional world?
What should I read in young adult fiction?
Which book (fiction or horror) should I buy?
Are fictional characters allowed to make out in a TV-Y7 show?
What should I research when writing a realistic fiction book about a lawyer in a massive, controversial murder trial?
Are there any fictional examples of a post-apocalyptic world dominated by a lawless, propaganda-filled repressive and gangster-like society?
Are all of Tom Freeman's answers fictional?
What ‘deep’ fiction books would you recommend to a 15 year old?
How can one reach the alternate ending in the interactive fiction "The Act of Misdirection"?
Could anyone help me think of special abilities that can come from an important/major memory?
Should writers of literary works of fiction be required to undergo a credentialing procedure analogous to that of physicists and physicians?
What was wrong mentally with Billy Loomis and Stu Macher? (Scream)
What are some good hard science fiction books?
Which single work of fiction has changed your life the most?
Would you be interested in seeing a published/condensed/edited form of In The Realms of the Unreal one day?
What is the best type of science fiction?
I have read no fiction since high school. On what good am I missing out?
Should I only write fiction about what I know?
Why should a story set in another universe with "magic" but without mythological inspiration be still considered fantasy?
What's the difference between translocation and teleportation (in terms of fictional magic)?
Why there are less science fiction books in India?
What do you think of the Nine Sins in roleplay?
Are there any examples of fictional dictatorships having state-authorised criminality?
Who is the most evil fictional character that isn’t human?
Why are evil characters in modern fiction and fantasy often depicted as asexuals?
How do you supercharge the ley lines in works of fiction and books?
Which are the best fiction books ever written about interest in mathematics?
If you had to choose one fictional character to have sex with, who would it be?
Are there novels that talked about people that lived forever?
What is your favorite fictional alien race and why?
What fictional character has the scariest superpower?
What are the types of zombies that have been described in fiction?
How do I learn to write interesting fiction and get motivation to finish?
Why do some fictional characters shout out the name of their attack before they use it?
What do Indian readers want in fiction?
How do I get better at writing fiction (stories)?
Can you make a story using following words Man, women, Elephant, super power, Ice, Fire, Time?
What are some ideas of fiction books for kids?
Is it fine to use past continuous while writing fiction?
What tools and resources can be recommended to make a fictional culture?
Who do you think is the best Stone's player in the Wheel of Time?
What should I do to become great fiction writer independent of the genre?
Has television surpassed novels as the source for the most interesting and thought-provoking discussions amongst educated people?
What are some famous science fiction stories/movies. Made in Iran?
What is a fictional work that is genuinely good but has a terrible fan base?
What is your favorite play written by Ibsen?
What are some recent must-read science fiction books?
Is Padmavati a real or fictional character?
If the world of 1984 were real, what are the chances of it ever becoming ''normal'' again?
Is writing speculative fiction dying as a career?
Am I the only one who thinks that David Brent is quite possibly one of the most relatable fictional characters of all time?
If you conjure a fictional character from your imagination, could it be possible that you are really telling a past-lived story without even knowing so?
What are some of the best serious fiction books?
Could fictional stories really just be past life or alternate universe events being told?
How do you avoid sounding cheesy when writing fictional stories?
Why do the Yautja hunt humans?
Are there any fictional examples of anti-technological and anti-scientific societies ruled by military might, corruption, criminality and untruths?
If you had unlimited money, how would you develop a fictional country in Bir Tawil?
How do religious communities differentiate between religious literature and historical fiction literature?
A Song of Ice and Fire: Has your opinion of some of the characters changed over time?
What are some new fiction books written by autistic authors?
Although fictional, Quelcrist Falconer sounds fairly cool to me. What do you think?
What is the best advice for fiction writers who are just starting out?
Where does the splendour lie in writing/reading fictional books?
What is your opinion on this recently released controversial fiction book on Kashmir- ‘The Tree with a Thousand Apples’?
Is David Icke a truth seeker, a disinformation agent/artist or a science fiction writer?
Where can I publish fictional love story?
If you could buy a one-way ticket to any fictitious world, which would you choose?
What are the forgotten or underrated science fiction novels (or short story collections)?
What are some great story arcs that do not conform to 'the Hero's Journey'?
Is it ok if someone were to write about politics (sort of like how Karl Marx did, but without the communism) and also fiction sci-fi and war fiction?
Is there an example in fiction (literary or cinematic) where deus ex machina was used to positive effect?
Is Predator's more a Betty or Veronica type of guy?
Which are some of the best science/science fiction books/movies on space and time for recreational reading?
What is the best way to go about getting fiction published for a first-time writer?
How do you get through a book in one day?
If 42 would be the answer to life, the universe and everything, what would be real the question?
What is fiction novel?
What romance fiction books should a young adult read?
What are you looking in a fantasy story?
Under which circumstances do fictions become accepted as reality?
Could you plug a fictional characters stats in a probability algorithm and why or why not?
Are there any science-fiction stories about migrant workers in outer space?
What are some personality traits of people that read fiction?
Why do the Yautja no longer feel pain, fear, mercy, and hesitation, and how did this happen?
How realistic is Sam Fisher?
Is it wrong to have a crush on a fictional character?
Which is more fictitious, religion or science?
Why do people attach so much rational to fiction and none to real rational situations?
What franchise has the most realistic government reaction to superheroes?
What are some ancient artifacts in books, movies, fiction, television shows, etc.?
What are some fictional characters which are quite scary?
Who would win, Reaper (Librarian TV show) vs Anubis (Librarian TV show)?
What is a good example of a fictional narrative story?
What are the top 10 worst fan fictions ever written?
Science fiction is sometimes divided into "hard" and "soft" science fiction. What do they actually mean?
Who are the most popular science fiction authors of all time?
What are the best non fiction books on astronomy/Physics ?
What are some references to fictional colors that exist in literature?
What is the actual life of a smartphone?
What are the ten best thought/fleshed out science fiction universes (books)?
What is your first ever short story?
Does limitations of known science put us at a disadvantage when dealing with magic and why not?
How would a work of romance fiction written by an author who's never been in a relationship differs from those written by experienced ones?
What are some best practices for fiction writers creating diverse characters, and avoiding tokenism?
My birthday is coming up and so for a present I am gonna buy some books can you suggest really awesome fiction books which will be really memorable?
What are some American fiction novels about sorcery and swords, but focuses mainly on one protagonist?
What would happen if all the fictional villains came to life?
What fictional belief did you have as a child that you were disappointed to learn wasn't true as you grew wiser with age?
What would be some entertaining books in historical fiction, adventure, classics or bit on science fiction?
Which speedsters from fiction are second to speedforce users and similiar characters with impossible speeds? How fast are they?
Why did the aliens kill the woman in the movie Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull?
What are the things an editor typically does for an author of fiction?
What are some great realistic fiction book recommendations?
What are some summoning's that can be reversed in works of fiction and books?
What do you think are some of the most underrated science fiction films?
Who is the world's greatest detective, whether that be from a fictional or non fictional setting ?
Are there any novels like sports fiction?
If you're a fan of crime fiction, does it ever get exceptionally preoccupying?
Where can I hire a cheap editor for fiction novels?
If a group of people read the same story book of fiction, would the scenes they create with their imaginations be similar to each other?
I'm applying to an undergrad creative writing program. I’m to include 3 pieces of fiction under 30 pages. What kind of pieces would you suggest?
Can I publish my anime fan fictions?
Who are your top 10 writers of fiction?
Who is the weakest superhero of all fictional universes that can still topple the world governments if he wanted to?
Are there any fictional books on 'white torture'?
If I want to read books to improve myself and grow, should I read fiction?
How is the science fiction shipyard created and infiltrated?
How do fiction authors feel about people pointing out their typos? Would they prefer a review, an email or a note to their editor?
What is the difference in purpose between a fiction and nonfiction book?
What do you consider to be the piece of anticipatory fiction (book, film, etc…) which best predicted the current American socio-political climate?
What is the best motivational fiction book?
Is it ok to be emotionally numb but still be triggered by reading about fictional characters?
How can I formulate a great fiction book idea?
How deep can fictional characters influence our acts?
Do you know the fictional character Blair Waldorf from the famous TV series ?
At what extent does old science fiction books or movies predicted current technology?
Are you or have you ever been in love with a fictional character (games, books, movies or TV series)? Which character and why?
How does penetrative sex feel for a man (sensations and emotions)? I write erotic fiction and want my characters’ viewpoints to be authentic.
Who is David Brin's favorite science fiction writer?
What are some good examples of Chinese contemporary urban fiction?
What is the fastest fictional thing?
What scene from Pulp Fiction comes to mind when reading Book 21 of the Odyssey?
Is it okay to make a villain silly rather than threatening?
How can I stop being in love with a fictional character?
Is it wrong to be in love with a fictional character that is impossible in reality?
What kind of fictional monster would you choose to be and why?
What are the best English fiction books of 2016?
What are some things summoned by magic users to kill other magic users in fiction and books?
What are the characteristics of a fictional narrative story?
In your opinion, how does the Dark Tower series mix fantasy, science fiction, and horror so well?
Which is the best library in Mysore for reading fiction novels?
What qualities make a fictional character a Mary Sue and how to avoid it?
Who are some science fiction writers who are at least as good as Isaac Asimov, but are almost unknown in English-speaking countries?
Is fiction basically just a bunch of specific examples of philosophy and aphorisms?
Which is the best book we should read in the field of fiction?
If you were to represent each nation in the world with any one fictional character, how would you go about it?
Which is the best Fictional character that has inspired you ever?
How do Authors of fiction writing make money?
What are examples of allegorical fiction?
Which author created the biggest number of fictional characters?
How do I decide what book genre a character belongs in?
Why do many people like psychopathic fictional characters?
If you could choose to make a fictional element or material real, what would it be and why?
How do you create a dynamic world in your fiction writing?
What are the fiction books that leave a smile on your face after you have read them?
What novel or story best captures the spirit of Texas?
As a creator, how does it feel for your work to be popular to the point of fandom?
What is your favorite short fiction having memory or amnesia as a central theme to it?
What inspired the book series Wheel of Time?
Who is the greatest manipulator in fiction?
Are there any science fiction media that feature friendly robots?
How can I create a fictional narrative story?
How can I see to it that my fiction works reach far and wide?
What are some fictional novels without any characters?
What are some artifacts that can turn a run-of-the-mill children's magician into someone who can transform matter, control minds in fiction and books?
What are some movies, stories or novels in which the character forgets about the boundary of fiction and non-fiction?
How do I write a beautiful fiction story?
Which series of fiction books can be the beginning point for a newbie reader of fiction?
Why did Lorraine kill Ben in "The Women of Brewster Place?”
IS the recession in Nigeria fact or fiction?
Which fictional movie couple do you find inspiring for your own love life?
Is the overdevelopment of a fictional world to be used as the setting for a book or short story a good or bad thing?
Does Oldtown and the Citadel have a working theory on Mendelian genetics and inheritance?
What are some book recommendations for newbie?
How long would it take to bring down Sam Fisher?
Do you think fictional stories should have grammar mistakes and colloquialisms in order to make the characters more believable?
Do flash fictions still sell?
You're to be on a 50-mile highway in the middle of a desert, there is no speed limit or cops, and you can choose one fictional car. What would it be?
What are some fictional villains that the main protagonist of the fictional work are scared of?
What are some good, non romanticized portrayals of eating disorders in fiction?
What fictional things, creatures and people should be real?
Could I get sued by publishing a fictional novel about some real person according to Indonesian law?
How do I write a story that is based upon a fictional world?
Which science fiction good story books are you reading these days in 2017?
Which fictional character has great understanding?
Should speculative fiction be treated seriously?
What are some magical doors in works of fiction, books, movies, televisions shows, etc.?
What is your biggest pet peeves writers do in fiction?
How realistic is Bob Lee Swagger?
What if Ben 10 is not just science fiction?
What philosophical science fiction and fantasy books should I read?
What fictional charachter death is the saddest?
What do prolific storytellers on Quora make of the fact that "truth is stranger than fiction"?
What fictional monsters are you most afraid of?
What are some statistics about Interactive Fiction?
How many years off is WWIII (theoretically)?
Can you write a one-page (normal notebook size) story? It can be a real, or created, fiction, adventure, horror, or love, or even sad, magic, etc., story.
How many words should be there in a humourous-romantic fiction novel?
What is a good fiction to nonfiction reading ratio?
Which are some good novels (science fiction or fiction)?
If seven maids with seven mops swept it for half a year, do you suppose it's possible they could make it clear?
What're the steps followed to write a proper fiction?
What other goals would an artificial superior intelligence have in a fictional story, besides destroying or saving the world?
Who is the most depraved, despicable protagonist in fiction?
Have you ever felt like living in fantasy for ever, like a book you really liked and wish to living it?
Why do you find it necessary to put fiction on this site?
What are some of the Doraemon gadgets that you want to have?
What is the best fiction book available on Amazon?
Who is the most powerful artificial intelligence character in fiction?
What is meant by aerial fiction?
What fictional warrior could rival a Space Marine?
Are good science fiction books rare compared to other genres?
How many lifespans of training and fighting have the Yautja been doing?
What science fiction television shows would you use to teach students about character development or plot?
Is there any novel that deeply details where a society is governed by a philosophical-magocracy ruled by immortals that genuinely governs for good?
How long do yautja live for?
What is that one thing that you imagine and is fictional, but if it became real, it would change your world?
Can you recommend good writers of American historical fiction?
Which authors are most well known for creating in-depth fictional worlds?
How much magic does it take to summon the Reaper in fiction, books, movies and/or television shows, etc.?
What is your favourite ever helmet, Real or Fictional?
Why do I have a crush on a fictional character from a live-action show?
Are there any science fiction media that feature an independent brain as a character?
I want to read fiction books which book I should start with?
Who is the snarkiest character in fiction?
Which Harry Potter Ilvermorny and/or Hogwarts house would Obama be sorted into?
What fiction books should I read?
Can I register my company name under a fictional character or object from an anime?
What are some good movies about emotional/psychological abuse?
What is the most intimidating fictional character you can think of?
What is the best way to be intentional about becoming a better fiction writer? What should a writer focus on while following advice to "just write"?
In fiction writing, should I start with creating the characters or their surrounding environment?
Can you write a fiction book portraying living public figures?
How would a orbital platform in science fiction be created?
What are some good science fiction stories from India? Film, books, and so on.
Who are the heroes (real or fictional) of ancient Mexico?
When writing fiction, what is a cultural conflict that could take place on the following map?
What are some of the best science fiction, fantasy, mystery, psychological, and dystopian novels to read?
What are the characteristics of a fiction book?
What are some high quality fiction books? I am a big fan of Dan Brown and lately I am reading books that I feel are not worth completing.
What are the all time top 100 best selling authors' books for fiction including plays and poems that you have read?
How can I get a educational, non-fictional book published?
Why are the best fiction writing tools for Windows?
What would be the ship name of Jack Reacher and Bob Lee Swagger?
How do I deal with falling for the fictional character?
What should I do when acting like fictional characters becomes an unbreakable habit?
What are some good ideas to write a fiction book about?
There's yellow peril science fiction of China/Japan conquering the western world, is there any 'brown peril' fiction of Indians conquering the west?
Are there any fictional examples of a post-apocalyptic world where tech progress is non-existent and eternally ruled by some backwards empire?
Would you read a romantic love novel or a science fiction novel or a mythological fiction novel?
How would a orbital platform in science fiction be infiltrated?
What are some examples of must-read modern French fiction?
What fiction features a future authoritarian world revolution?
I had published a fiction earlier. The contract has expired & the rights are back with me. Can I now approach other publishers to republish the novel?
Why is fiction always more interesting than reality?
Do electro nets existed in real life like they do in works of fiction?
Do you know a fictional languages written in circles like a mandala?
Can I use the name of a fictional book character as my modelling name?
What fictional characters would you invite to eat dinner with and why?
How many books per year do regular fiction writers write to be able to survive?
Why is the Chosen One trope so common in Young Adult Fiction? What does it say about teenage psychology?
Do I need to copyright my fiction work before approaching a publisher?
What are some best books on fiction literature?
Is there hope for quality gay fiction and if it's out there where can it be found?
What is your review of Scream 2 (1997 movie)?
Are there any examples of fictional dictatorships denying technological progress?
What bookstores in Tokyo have the best selection of Chinese-language books (especially fiction)?
Why do a lot of drawings of Rand al'Thor represent him shirtless?
How do I write science fiction stories?
What abilities can be expected from superpowered fictional animals?
Why are most Star Wars fans so vehemently opposed to the idea of midichlorians?
What is the best example (in your opinion) of a completely walkable city? Real cities, theories or fiction apply here.
How do I send a cease and desist letter for inappropriate usage of my likeness and image in a realistic fiction novel?
What is the finest army in the Galaxy according to different works of fiction?
What are things fiction writers do in they're stories that are irritating?
What do you like the most about Sherlock Holmes?
How do you effectively describe a concussion in a work of fiction if you've never had one before?
What are the conventional academic historical boundaries to separate Contemporary Fiction from Classical Fiction?
Who is the most evil character who looks cute?
What does Ezekiel Jones love gold or Ezekiel Jones?
Are there any resources you could suggest that can ensure accurate portrayal of the military?
Which fiction books are recommended that have the main character training mentally and physically?
Is there a good illustrated encyclopedia on fiction writers?
What are classic examples of journalism (non-fiction) addressing absurdity?
What are some of the largest creatures or structures in fiction of any sort?
Who are some of the smartest fictional characters?
What are examples in fiction that require an explanation that isn't suspension of disbelief?
Can looking at images on greetings cards inspire fiction stories for children? I really enjoy looking at pictures.
What are some books like Rose of No Man's Land?
Are publishers willing to publish Islamic fiction?
Which fictional AI is the most dangerous one?
What would you do if you were 17 and woke to find no one remembers you?
Why do so many atheists, who dismiss the Bible as fairy tales, seem to like indulging in that kind of fantasy fiction anyway?
Do the kind of fiction characters we like (good or evil) describe who we are?
What fictional work has the most terrifying depiction of body horror?
Why are almost all science fiction weapons woefully inadequate compared to modern equipment?
Does the date of publication matter in case of a fiction?
Apart from Darth Vader, Voldemort, Mr. Burns, and Ebenezer Scrooge, which fictional characters would be Trump supporters?
If I were an ant size, would I be able to see things that are normally too small to see?
What are some plausible cases where a boy might grow up in a Christian monastery (any era)?
If you write a novel, which is stated to be fiction, can you (legally) say nasty things about real corporations?
Can you begin a fiction novel in 1st person POV-the view of the protagonist, then switch to 3rd person POV a few chapters in?
How do I get the most out of reading fiction?
If you wanna write a fan fiction of your favorite Chinese novel, what elements will you add into your work?
Which fictional heroes do you see as actually being the villains of their stories?
What are the main characteristics of fiction books?
What is the most terrifying piece of fiction ever made?
Is Kaguya Otsutsuki from Naruto one of the worst fictional mothers?
What do you think about abuse fiction becoming an increasingly popular genre?
With Asimov and Clarke gone, who is writing "hard" science fiction?
What would be the biggest Fictional company?
What is the inspiration behind some of the greatest fiction stories of our time?
Is it possible that this fictional parasite could reduce humanity to only a few hundred million strong?
Does it help increase your intelligence if you read more non-fiction books than fiction books?
Is it okay to write about religion fictionally?
What is the most powerful fictional race?
What are the types of heros/protagonists in a literary work?
What are some examples of fiction in literature?
Have you ever stumbled upon really deep-going and insightful literary analysis of the City Watch novels from Terry Pratchett’s Discworld series?
Are there good works of fiction (movies/written) which tell engaging stories by focusing more on principles and ideas and less on characters?
Which films depicting fictional, nonviolent events, are the most difficult to watch?
What fictional places have governing assembly?
Who is the strongest fictional character without superpowers?
If you could choose someone else to be the next POTUS, alive or dead, real or fictional, who would it be and why?
What are some trick arrows in different works of fictions?
What are some weapons in works of fiction that can only target alien physiology?
What is meta-fiction? Why is it considered to be a characteristic feature of postmodernism?
I want to write a fictional book that takes place during WWI, what are some important facts I should know about the war?
Which colors suit on dark green?
Which 10 books should you read before leaving school?
Do you still benefit mentally from reading non-fiction as opposed to fiction books in your vocabulary?
What is the best fictional character in Tamil?
Do successful people read fiction novels?
What fictional character fascinates you most?
How do people in works of fiction figure out how to turn their superpowers on and off?
What is a good novel to read to 3rd graders?
What would popular fictional characters answer to the question, "What was your greatest regret?"?
Which is the best fiction book about Dyson sphere?
What are some non-fictional books about science fiction that are worth reading?
Historical or fictional, what are some interesting salutes, and where are they from?
What is a perfect place to launch a virus (real or fictional) in the air?
What are some tips regarding writing stronger characters in fiction?
What is the best writing references online for epic fantasy writing and historical fiction? Which blogs/websites/social media is good?
How would you feel if you could break the 4th wall as a fictional character?
What is the name of the science fiction story where a man's entire life is the last message of a dying people?
Are there any good fellowships for emerging fiction writers in India?
What was science fiction called before the term "science fiction" was coined in 1929?
Are there good fiction works that explore the stage of moving to retirement?
What are some of the best quotes in fiction ever?
Which is the best library in Delhi for reading fiction novels?
How can writing fiction help my depression?
How do you feel about authors rating their own books on Goodreads & thereby bringing their rating up?
How can the internet/WWW user differentiate between truth and fiction, with so much misinformation presented as fact?
What are the most unlikely friendships in fiction?
Why is fiction and poetry important?
Should I go into screenwriting, or go into fictional storywriting instead?
Do we have people named Sam Fisher in the real world and fictional works besides Splinter Cell series?
What non-fiction books should a fan of true crime read?
What are the best fiction books to learn about the Russian Revolution and communism?
What does the book facts and fiction written by Mark reveals?
In what scenarios, would a technomancer/technopath be powerless?
What fiction books do you recommend for my new full time maid/nanny that would inspire her, entertain her and get her hooked onto reading?
How can I get the sales figure of a fiction novel?
Which is the best fictional audio book you possess?
How do you view the role of empathy (ethical or otherwise) in fiction/cinema? What are your favorite resources on this?
What mathematicians are amazing science fiction authors?
How can reading fiction help me improve in my course of life?
How do vampire hunters use the sun as their ally and main weapon?
Do Presidents in works of fiction have different vehicles than in real life?
Is there any written work of fiction that retells a story from the Bible in a really interesting and creative way?
Who are some of the best fictional characters who don't talk?
Criminals fleeing to either Canada or Mexico is a common staple of American crime fiction, but how often does it happen in real life?
What are good mystery fiction books to read?
What is your favorite Force move?
Time travel is a popular theme in fiction, however, it tends to always have negative outcomes. Is there a reason for that?
How can I stop comparing myself and others to fictional characters?
What is the best HarryXHermione fan fiction you've read? I need some top quality recommendations, thanks?
Is the word "Speedster" copyrighted, or can anybody use it in a work of fiction?
What similarities are there between Westworld (fictional world) and Google (in real life)?
Why Indian writers mix love stories even in good science fiction books like 2024 Man on Mars, a great science fiction but mix with love story?
Is there an encyclopedia that covers fiction writers that tells you about their writing style and how they contributed to the literature?
What are somethings you want to experience but can't because they only happen in fictional stories?
How do you make a detective case for a mystery fiction? What are the steps to do so?
What are some self employment ideas for people who only want to read fiction?
Which TV series are similar to The Twilight Zone?
When writing a fictional book/story on football, can I use names of actual clubs/players?
Is R K Narayan's Malgudi considered "fantasy fiction"?
How can I become like a fictional character I created?
With tropes like The Chosen One and Love Solves All Problems, is young adult fiction becoming too unrealistic and too anti-intellectualist these days?
What are some alternatives to training montages in a novel?
What's your fiction to non-fiction ratio over say an average year not when Harry Potter came out obv?
Have you seen your life in tatters? How will you react?
What are the Popular fiction or paranormal novels?
You are tasked with writing a fictional story about one or more Quorans. Who would you pick, and what would the story be about?
Which are the best life-changing philosophical fiction books that have been undertalked?
Have you come across a novel of fictional US government cover-up/conspiracy published in around 1940s?
Is it true that some characters in fiction, dont need to wear masks?
How do you get over a fictional death?
Is it okay to name a character in your story after another fictional character?
How should I represent a psychopathic character in a fiction?
Are there any sympathetic psychopathic fictional characters?
If you are struck in traffic which fictional character comes to your mind, like if you were that character you can easily escape the traffic?
Why do I have intrusive thoughts about fictional characters?
I want to read some books based on genre that contains historical and futuristic fiction/fantasy both. What are some suggestions (English)?
What is the most beautiful sex chapter in world literature?
Who believes that Mahabharata didn't happen? And its just an art of fiction?
Which science fiction movie is the most accurate in terms of science, and which is not?
In different works of fiction do vampires keep their intelligence and/or does it increase?
How would you create a safe future considering yourself a fictional character from the movie Transformers?
How much do comic book artists (superheroes, realistic fiction, etc.) earn on a yearly average?
Who is the most terrifying fictional sociopath and why?
As someone from a first world country, would you consider reading an African fiction book?
How can I grow into a successful position as a bestselling teen/young adult fiction author?
Is Asgardi country real or just science fiction?
Am I legally allowed to create a fictional character with the same powerset as Superman, but with a completely different status quo? Why/why not?
If you could have the abilities, skills, and powers of any 3 fictional and non-fictional characters, who would you pick?
Do I have to have an external conflict in my book, or can it be completely within the main characters psyche?
Are fantastic and speculative fiction the same?
What are some examples of fiction books?
Why would aliens in work of fictions become rogue?
How do I read fiction books and learn programming simultaneously?
What is your favorite fictional religion?
Why is the movie industry bringing more sequels and fiction?
What are some well known villains from fiction with no humanity?
What is the best background music for reading fiction?
Are there any fictional worlds similiar to LOTR in that there is regressive technological growth?
How has science fiction affected the development of modern day technology?
Which book publishing website is better for science-fiction: Amazon or Lulu?
What are the NGOs in Kolkata that accept fiction book donations?
What are online websites to read full ebooks for free, both fictional and non- fictional?
What advice is there for writers seeking a topic or plot for their first full-length fiction or non-fiction book? See if you can surprise me!
What are some fictional works that have interdimensional history?
Which book should I start reading (fiction genre) right now?
If you had to live in any authoritarian society (real or fictional) which would you live in?
What are some must read science fiction novels that don't have space travel and aliens?
Where can I find bizarre texts that only exist on the internet?
What are some good fictional stories that are over 200 pages long?
Was Emily Rose real or fictional?
How do I get Interested in non-fiction instead of fiction?
Is there a psychology equivalent to science fiction?
Who is the most iconic fictional character in your opinion?
How long should fiction writer wait before trying to get published?
Who are some of the best villain protagonists in fiction?
How do I write a psychological thriller for young adult's fiction?
If you could make any fictional character come to life, which would it be?
Some say that Mahabharata is fictional, and is a tale written to inspire future generations. How do I prove them wrong?
What are some good, modern, easy-to-read science fiction books?
I wrote a romantic fiction novella of about 27,000 words, do you think it is really short? How much words should it have at least?
What are some good fiction books that engage mature teen readers about anything?
Where does science stop and science fiction start?
Can you recommend some advanced fiction books for the purposes of vocabulary building?
Why are nerds strong believers of fiction?
Are there any fiction books that depict a discipline, organized and intelligent character?
In contemporary or historical fiction, is it better to use specific, real places, or a vague or fictional town?
My wife reads gay fiction, should I be worried?
What are the best books on how to write fiction?
How do I write believable major corporations that have strong power over society?
Why is there no fiction on humans visiting the aliens?
What are the greatest examples of autism in the fictional media?
In TV dramas, the police always confront the criminal from the front and they escape out the back way. Is this just fiction, or is it true in real life as well?
What fictional world has the most unique looking creatures?
Is fictional and hypothetical scenario interchangeable?
What are some non-fictional books about fantasy that are worth reading?
I want to write fiction but have no ideas. What should I do?
Imagine you are given a chance to date a fictional character. Which character will you choose and why?
What are some of the best non-fiction and fiction books that you have read in 2016?
What are some of the best written fictional characters that are kids?
Is it arrogant when a fictional character in a book is described as being the best writer in the world and the author quotes the character's work?
Why can't people have fish daemons?
What are some extra-dimensional being in works of fiction?
What are some good reference books for lovers of Science Fiction?
Are there European writer's workshops focused on Science Fiction and Fantasy?
What's your idea to turn our world into one like a game?
Is Ramayana a fact or fiction? Some archaeology department evidences prove it is true, if so how did the author write up the story?
How many books (fiction & non-fiction) about 9/11 have been written in the 15 years since the terrorist attacks?
Why do I get weirdly attached to fictional characters who look like me?
Is it always frowned upon to include backstory in the first chapter?
Is the Idea of India a fiction?
What is the best way to write a fictional story?
What would it be like if a person shrank to three inches tall?
Star Wars (creative franchise): Why does Kylo Ren's light saber look like multiple strands of electricity?
What are some lesser known masterpieces in fiction/non-fiction in a language other than English?
What are some of the best fiction books for kids?
What kind of erotica fiction appeals to male readers?
What are some good fiction books about law?
What are some magical weapons to shield yourself in works of fiction?
What other books are there like Da Vinci Code or Inferno, that are fictional stories based on real historical events - by authors other than Dan Brown?
Does Science Fiction inspire you?
Who are some contemporary, literary fiction writers of note in Hindi and what are some of their recent books?
What are the positives and negatives of using your otherwise ordinary hometown as a fictional setting?
What methods do you use to ensure you create deep, 3D characters?
What are some YA fiction books you would recommend?
If Lloyd needed help with the word, "the," how could he have legally operated a motor vehicle?
What time could I realistically set science fiction stories in based on the current pace of scientific progress?
What are some must read fiction stories?
Did any work of fiction characters learn a new power where they can duplicate yourself?
What are some good novels on Obsession?
What type of fictional characters do you tend to attach to? Do you think that this reflects your subconscious somehow?
Do you think that as a society we take fictional works (movies, books) too seriously?
How would the US military function in the event of a 2nd American Civil War?
I'm writing fiction about a girl who emigrated from Sangar Russia to Seattle US in 2006. Can anyone help with cultural or characterization tips?
What are some of the key themes explored in social science fiction works?
What great fiction books would an enneatypes 6 recommend?
If Osama Bin Laden was at war with Pablo Escobar, who would win and why?
What's the difference between reading fiction vs. non-fiction, psychologically?
Is Ramayanam fiction or a real story?
Is everything in real life lamer than fiction?
What are your thoughts on the book, "Cinder," by Marissa Meyer?
Who is your favorite fictitious character and why?
If a place on Earth catered to aliens (fictional place on fictional earth), would the place be called exotic by other people, humans, and/or aliens?
In "The Accountant,” could we say the English woman over the phone could be a real character?
What are some fictional books like 1984?
Is there a modern equivalent of Weird Tales?
Who are the most famous horror fiction writers of the late 2010s?
How do you understand Michael Kirkbride's C0DA?
I have an idea for a story, but have never written more than two to three pages of fiction. How can I improve my writing?
What are the best Indian English fiction novels for youth?
If a book is deemed "semi-autobiographical", is it considered a book of fiction?
How many books (fiction & non-fiction) about the JFK assassination have been written in the 53 years since that day in Dallas?
Do men read erotic fiction or is this market entirely for women?
What would life be like if we instantly spoke every thought we had?
What are the most interesting science fiction tropes employed in Westworld?
Who is your favorite fictional US president? Why?
How should I add images in a romance fiction book? Can I assign one full page for an image or should I share it with text?
What is some good historical fiction to read about Istanbul?
Is the God of Ebrahim the most unpleasant character in all fiction?
What are your favorite fictional characters that have a number as their name?
What fiction novels accurately portray law enforcement protocol?
Who is your least favourite fictional character?
Is it scientifically possible to inhibit movements like virtual reality hardware does in fictions and keep total consciousness so you can play?
Who is the favorite non-fiction author of Jared Kushner?
What book publishers of young adult fiction would you recommend?
Who is the creepiest child character in fiction?
What fictional character have you seen that comes closest to real life sociopaths?
What are the best slice-of-life graphic novels?
What are some things I need to improve on this realistic fiction story?
Who are the top 10 powerful (fictional) characters?
What is the best encyclopedia of fantasy and science fiction literature?
What are some good young adult fiction novels about same-sex relationships?
Does Batman love Wonder Woman?
What are some optimistic films about the future?
For the sake of science fiction, how would it be possible in our system for someone to be immortal and go unnoticed?
What would be a good name for a fictional Japanese talkshow?
What is the best most well written villain origin/back story?
What historical fiction book involves George Washington being executed for trying to raise taxes?
Who is the most tragic villain in fiction?
How do I publish an anthology of flash fiction, probably as a 150 paged book?
Would it be a good idea to have a TV series with multiple seasons based on Lord of the Rings, The Hobbit and The Silmarillion?
What are your favorite science-fiction novels of the last 20 years?
Why are they making fictional story for upcoming "Annabelle sequel"?
Is there future prose besides Science Fiction and Fantasy?
Do you think literature can be a big help to our culture nowadays?
What is your favorite educational fiction story?
If they could be real, what are some fictional characters who you'd like to have on your side in the zombie apocalypse?
How can I stop becoming attached to something too easily, especially fictional worlds and stories?
Are you fond of time travel?
Who is the best A.I villain in fiction?
How can I improve my abilities as a fictional writer?
Are there any historical fictional novels about Asiatic Mongol's rule of Eastern Europe (Golden Horde)?
Are there any female fiction movie characters that wears armor instead of a sexy outfit?
What are some wildebeest in fiction?
Who would win in a battle between Jason Voorhees and a Xenomorph?
What are the best fiction novels of 2015?
Is Rani padmini a real historical character?
What scientific fact do you wish were fiction?
What are some short GF-BF stories?
Am I a vampire if I need blood?
Is writing a fiction tougher than writing a non fiction?
What are some fiction and non-fiction books that can make me laugh?
Is there any automated fiction story plot designing software?
What software is used by authors of fiction to generate ideas on where to take the story next?
Can I sell teacher resource materials with pictures of fiction book covers on them?
What are the pros and cons of narrative fiction?
You have to choose 7 fictional human characters, to survive the zombie apocalypse, who do you choose?
What do you think of the Batman/Wonder woman pairing and its hints in the Justice League animated series as well as the comic universe?
Is “The Name of the Wind” worth reading?
Does it make sense to read fiction if I'm into business?
Who is the best author of historical non-fiction?
How do I detect a copied fiction?
What have you learnt from fiction that you could not have learnt from real life soon enough?
What are some good beginner fraction fiction books (3rd grade)?
What are some religions (or books about them) that revolve around the universe and transcending?
What's an excellent "coming-of-age" fiction book I could recommend my 13 year old daughter?
Did Littlefinger really love Catelyn Stark?
What annoys you when reading zombie fiction?
Who is the strongest psychic character in fiction not counting reality warpers?
How do you feel about using the word 'as' when writing fictional novels?
What are some of the best fictional antichrist characters?
Can nonfiction ever be as great as fiction?
What are the best Indian fiction novels (regarding medical profession)?
Is there a media thesaurus out there? Something that tracks themes, storylines, subject matter and genre across ALL mediums?
What can be the best classic fiction books to read for a 25-year old to start with reading?
Is your worldview defined more, less, or equally by facts or fictional stories?
What is the name of the protagonist’s galaxy in ‘Sin Noticias de Gurb’ (No Word From Gurb) by Eduardo Mendoza?
What species is the most evil in both fiction and real life?
If you could be a fictional character, who would you be?
Are there any books or movies where old flames meet again, stirring up all sorts of feelings, possibly even having an affair?
Is there any fictional book in which the main character is an atheist and remains an atheist at the end?
When describing a scientific phenomenon in sci-fi, is it poor form to use parts of a concept another science fiction writer developed for his book?
What are the different earths in the DCU map of the multiverse?
What is your favorite moment/scene in a fantasy book, based on how it made you feel?
What is it like to be abused, how can I write about it in a fiction book?
Shouldn't Flash run forward in time (instead of back) due to relativistic effects?
What are the best influential fiction novels one must read?
How much can you forgo in a time lapse?
What is the science fiction book where the planet encouraged OCD in children because they thought they were prophets?
Would certain languages or cultures on Earth have been more advantageous in communicating with the aliens in Arrival?
What are the famous fictional novels in the world that a new reader can read?
What are some early fictional examples of aliens visiting or living on earth for non-invasion-related purposes?
What are the high rated fantasy and fiction movies?
How do writers write about real places (not fictional cities or world) and cultures they don't have first hand experience of?
If you had to name the single book that influenced your life, which book it would be?
What is your opinion of Dan Brown's novels? I find it hard to understand the authentic and the'made-up' (fictional) part of his novels?
When writing science fiction or fantasy, is it more important to depict cultures that are realistic, or ones that reflect modern values?
Is there any legal risk for a fictional character owning real entities?
What would happen if Tyrion Lannister met Barney Stinson?
Do all fictional books need to conform to scientific reality, or are people simply nitpicking?
Are DC superheroes more realistic than Marvel superheroes?
What are examples of fictional schemes or accounts that have then occurred in real life?
What made you become an accomplished fiction writer?
How would an armored brigade or division fight against zombies?
I need a very emotionally intense, creative, and unusual series of fictional books to read. What do you recommend?
What are some intense science fictions?
What are the characteristics of novelette that differ it from Novel, other than just word count ?
Who is your favorite author in horror and strange fiction?
How should I go about writing a 15 year old character who's been sheltered from evil and isolated from people their entire life?
Does economics has anything to do with literature and literary theories?
Are you a curmudgeon?
What is your favourite depiction of behavioural economics concepts in fiction?
What are some fictional stories of The Future set in years that are now in the past?
What are some aspects of a beautiful short story?
What does fiction shows us about the human person that nonfiction cannot?
In this, the real non-fiction world, would Nolan's Batman be able to stay untraceable? Just drive through a waterfall and disappear without a trace?
What did actually happen when Percy took the lightning bolt to Zeus?
What are ways to combat an inability to concentrate while writing fiction?
Who is the slowest fictional character with super speed?
What are some fiction literature books with themes of government and power?
In fiction why don't immortal people age?
Are Villains a thing of the past in fiction now?
Has the quality of stories improved because of advances in technology?
What are good names for characters in a Twilight fan fiction?
How can governments and other sciences help mathematicians receive better treatments than in the past?
How would you create a army of meta powered beings?
What is the greatest inconsistency in the DC Universe?
What are some real life examples of "reality is stranger than fiction"?
Who would win in a fight between Wonder Woman and Thor?
What are some orange and green skin beings in works of fiction?
Why is science fiction so popular in writing?
What are some good historical fiction books on the likes of 1984?
Is the Pulitzer Prize in Fiction a good indicator of literary quality?
What would I gain after reading 40 fantasy novels?
Are there real secret elite ninja Clans that live in the mountains with crazy fighting abilities or only in fiction?
Mark has 312 books in his bookcases. He has 11 times as many fiction books as nonfiction books. How many fiction books does Mark have?
What are some ships of unknown designs in works of fictions?
What is the darkest piece of fiction ever created?
How can an author predict sales of his book?
Who is your favourite non DC/Marvel superhero? Why?
What have been the effects of reading fiction in your life?
What are the best fiction stories in the history of mathematics?
What are some examples of fiction and nonfiction books?
I have never written fiction, and I want to try screenwriting. What should I do?
Who is the favorite fiction author of Jared Kushner?
Could you name a few good publishing houses for fiction in India?
What fictional characters portray real and possible genius?
Who is your favorite not-so-famous non-fiction writer?
Why did CSI became so popular back then when it fact it is very fictional when compared to Criminal Minds and Bones?
What is it that makes possible for a real story be paired up with some fiction to make a novel out of it?
Is it unhealthy to love a fictional character too much?
Can I hire someone to review a fiction novel that my kid has written?
What is a good young adult novel like "The Perks of Being a Wallflower"?
I want to read an Elena Ferrante book, what should I start with?
What are the best fiction or historical books on revolutions?
What would happen if the earth's molten core was replaced with chocolate?
Is constitutionalism real or a fiction?
How do fiction authors find an idea which really has enough substance for a full book? How do they finish it within a few years (if applicable)?
If any fictional character joins Quora, what kind of questions will be asked by or to him/her?
What are the different types of fiction writing?
Is the Bible subjective?
Are there any writers of good hard science fiction being published these days?
Why would a person write fiction?
Please recommend a book? A narrative (fiction or non) with a compelling character worth emulating who undergoes a transformation?
For an agented *historical fiction* manuscript (debut), what word count would seem appropriate to an acquisitions editor?
Which fictional book character can you relate to the most?
What should I know about doctors so my fictional characters will be believable?
What would a modern-day Modern Times be about?
What are fictional country names ending with -land that sound realistic?
There are many ways to tell the same story. How do you select the best one?
What is DC multiverse?
If you have to choose three fictional or real fighting groups to conquer the world, what would be your choices and why?
What are the best fiction books for a quiet teenager?
What are some good ideas for a fiction story?
Who is your favorite not-so-famous fiction author?
Is fiction closer to reality than we usually think?
Can you list some of the best 'realistic fiction' movies?
If you were to name your child after a fictional character, which character would you choose?
Can I buy some shares and sell them tomorrow to get profit or is there a minimum term after which I can sell?
Why are so many fictional schools named after William McKinley?
What are some science fiction stories about benevolent artificial Intelligence?
What are some good books about spies (fiction) that preferably involve LGBT characters?
Do animals have fiction or imaginations?
Who are some people who were dubbed as the "most beautiful in the world" beside Hedy Lamarr?
What is your reason for writing serious fiction?
What are the most badass fictional characters?
What are some amusing relationships between two profoundly different characters in fiction?
Who are some fiction writers who write about forests, mountains and the environment?
What are some good examples of last names for fictional characters?
Is it advisable for an aspiring YA author to read YA fiction, even if it's not impressive?
Why is "The Great Gatsby" considered fiction?
Is it ok to exclude 'had' in a quote of a character?
How do I write a good fictional story?
Which fictional character from a book, do you most resemble?
What are some accurate depictions of linguistic fieldwork in fiction?
What are some good books (fiction or nonfiction) that focus on ideas in cultural context?
What fictional work has come closest to having what you believe to be the most realistic portrayal of extraterrestrial life?
Can you write fiction in another language other than your main?
What are some good classic fiction novels?
Is it okay if I borrow some habits from the fictional character?
What are fictional secret societies?
I want to write a science fiction book with complex politics driving the main plot. How can I accomplish this in a convincing way?
Who is the most cruel fictional character?
What makes a good book cover for a YA novel?
Why is it easier to read productivity and self-improve articles versus fantasy and fiction?
Were Henning Mankell and Steig Larsson greatly influenced by the books of Per Wahloo and Maj Sjowall?
What is the difference between "fictional" and "fictitious?"
What is a gravity well in science fiction?
If you have to take over the world with the help of three characters, fictional or real, who would you choose and why?
How do you write a conspiracy story twist in fiction?
What is your favorite work of fiction of 2016?
Why does Motor Boat stay in the abandoned house in "Their Eyes Were Watching God"?
I'm 13 and I would like to create a book. My friends give me plenty of ideas, but how should I go about making my own ideas for it?
I have a story about an assassin who confronts and kills both her parents who abandoned her, what dialogue should I use for the confrontation?
What are some science fiction books that are great but has remained undiscovered and unpopular?
What is William Gaddis's literary legacy?
How is the fact and fiction contrast important?
How would the course of conversation go if Sherlock Holmes were to meet Divyansh Mundra?
Is Imperial March the best villain theme? If not than what is?
What are some of the best English fictions you have read?
Do you learn more from reading fiction or non fiction?
How do I write a constitution for a fictional country?
What is the name of the writing used for Halloween and horror titles?
What is it that makes a story good?
How can you start as a non-fiction writer? What is the perfect writing schedule?
In science fiction, what exactly are "life signs" that people/ships will scan for?
What is the best Flash Fiction Story that you can write?
How do I publish my fiction work?
Who is the most adorable fictional character you've ever seen?
What are some examples of neuroscience-based science fiction?
In your opinion what are the top five most powerful science fiction universes?
Do you know any conservative fiction writers?
What does a fiction writing class in a workshop format cover?
Is there any fiction written in chronological style?
Who is the male equivalent of Helen of Troy?
Why do we have fictional thoughts?
Do you know any liberal fiction writers?
Which South Asian fiction writers, working in the English language, should be considered among today’s best prose stylists?
Why negative numbers were considered real despite being only mirror image of those defined as real positive numbers, where any mirror image is unreal?
What are examples of apocalyptic themes in films, TV and fiction created outside the US?
In fiction, how should you depict the female gaze in a lesbian romance?
Are there any major characters in fiction who struggle coping with psychopathic tendencies?
Which is the most interesting book (fiction)?
Where can I find a good and free fiction writing course?
What are some good love making scenes where the woman initiates and conducts the sex?
That lion is king of the cats, what’s the equivalent for “king of the goats”?
I am writing a novel with a sidekick animal character. What are some animals that are not terribly common that I can use?
When I write, I give myself the body, personality, life I wish I could have. Is this an unhealthy reason to write fiction?
Who is the most selfish fictional character ever?
Who is / what is the origin of the fictional character named 白風之痕?
What is the appeal of hot jerks in fiction?
What are some elements of realistic fiction? How can they be applied?
How can I write with so much pain, sadness, dread, anguish, and discouragement in my life?
How can I reduce my addiction towards fiction serials?
Is it possible to disguise murder, or is that only possible in fiction?
What are the best fictional books about a young man trying to figure out what he wants to do with his life?
What are the most enlightening books of fiction you've read?
Which are some good science fiction/fantasy short stories' sites?
What are some steps I could take to create a fictional modern day nation?
What are the best websites to publish your fiction blogs weekly and how to gather an audience for it?
Physics: when Flash (superhero) is moving towards us, shouldn't his suit appear blue instead of red?
What are your thoughts about this intriguing piece of amalgamation of science, maths, fiction and filmmaking?
Which well known fictional character is amorous, extremely caring/ethical, has a wide social network, and helps their friends a lot?
If you were to write a fictional story of our country in the Philippines, what would it be and why?
What are some instances where a kissing scene is more intimate or sensual than a sex scene, in fiction?
What major lead characters in fiction are portrayed as physically unattractive, or average-looking?
How do I start a story when all I can come up with are the main plot points and how it ends? Also, how do I bridge those main plot points?
How can Martyn V. Halm write so convincingly from the perspective of a blind person? Is he himself blind?
What modern young adult/adult novels digress from the "fantasy world with a hero on a journey to save a friend and find themselves" plot?
What is the most interesting book, either fiction or non-fiction, you have ever read? Why?
Is it possible to hate literary fiction but love literature?
What are some of the characteristics of gothic fiction? What are some examples of it?
In fictional writing, If a killer sends a human heart in a box, is there a way for specialists to link it to the person it used to belong to?
Which author would you recommend to someone who likes to read political fiction?
Where does most paper for pop fiction books come from, the US or the rainforests? Do you think its sustainable to buy anything new made from trees?
What is Modern Fiction?
What are some groups of characters, in works of fiction, similar to the lost boys of Peter Pan, in that they are on their own and have a hideout?
What are the elements of fiction?
What in your opinion are some of the most overrated horror/fantasy/science fiction novels of all time?
Looking for an old science fiction anime about a kid trying to save a girl/princess in a weird tower or spaceship like dungeon?
What is an example of a plot-driven story vs. a character-driven one?
Where can I learn fiction writing and screenwriting in Bangalore?
How can I stick with an idea for my novel?
What fictional books would you recommend that are set during the Great Depression?
Do physicists write science fiction books?
Are answers (not all) on Quora are fictional but depicted as real life incidents?
What should I do to be a good writer of both fiction and non-fiction?
What does "white elephant" mean in Hills like white elephant short story by Hemingway?
What are the best books on persuasion and negotiations in literary fiction?
Is fantasy corrupting the honor of science fiction literature?
What are the difference between a traditional literature and a modern fiction?
Why are fantasy books so long, and how did the genre become so popular?
Who are the biggest entertainers on Quora? Who would you choose and why?
Should I take notes for fiction books?
Is it even remotely possible to terrify the Joker?
Which are good courses/classes for foreign fiction writers to learn to write in English?
How do I make reading a daily habit? What are some good books to get me started?
What's a good disaster-prepper fiction book? One with a good plot but without blatant gear advertisements.
Can you recommend any good, serious, Overwatch fan-fiction?
What is the kind of novel I should write, fantasy/fiction or mythological fiction?
How would you and worldwide governments respond if tomorrow, 10 million exact copies of you were distributed around the world?
What dystopian fiction has been the most foreshadowing of reality later?
What adventure/fiction books do you recommend? I enjoy sagas and series.?
Why is Mary Jane name is used for so many fictional characters?
What is the best fiction featuring happy characters in bombed areas?
What do you call the genre of fiction with floating islands and flying ships?
What are some mindbending books to read about philosophy or science fiction?
Has there ever been a successful Fiction book written in the form of bullet points?
What are some cheesy, unrealistic sex scenes in fiction (books, TV, movies)?
When you are writing fiction, how much plotting do you do before you start?
What are the top 10 deconstruction of fiction to watch or read?
What’s the worst fairy tale?
Can a blind person become proficient in aikido, like Bram in the Amsterdam Assassin Series?
Is there any resources for writing military dialogue in fiction?
What is one quote from any work of fiction that you would love to say to someone and why?
How can fiction reveals truth and what are some examples?
Which place on Earth is the closest to fantasy fiction of any kind – you name it! – in terms of living conditions, environment and society?
What are some best practices for a fiction writer to note down thoughts, prose, and ideas that come into your head at inconvenient times?
What is this book title?
What are some good popular science or science fiction books that deal with bioinformatics topics?
Why did Marsellus Wallace have a Band-Aid on the back of his neck in Pulp Fiction?
What are some fictional books or movies with narcoleptic characters?
What are some of the most prescient predictions in science fiction?
What're some tips for an aspiring science fiction author?
If you could choose any fictional character as a parent who would it be and why?
What, in your opinion, is/are the creepiest, most chilling creature(s) from the realm of fiction?
Can you truly love a fictional character?
What are fictional characters and how are they developed?
What theoretical evolutionary steps would a species have to go through to eventually become energy based beings (example: the dredge from Titan A.E)?
What non Great House in Game of Thrones can raise the most men?
What are some good historical fiction books on Rajasthan?
How do I stop getting obsessed with fictional characters?
Do historical fiction novels sell and who are the best publishers to approach?
What fiction features a devil as a main character?
Homeopathic medicine is fiction. Why do so many people still recommend it?
What are some examples of science fiction in the past becoming science fact today?
How can I create an online fiction novel?
What's the most poignant sentence you ever heard?
If you had to name the single book that most profoundly influenced your life, which would it be?
What are some realistic fiction story ideas for starters?
Is it normal for assassins to avoid using firearms, like Katla in the Amsterdam Assassin Series?
Why aren't there many science fiction games?
What is the classification of fiction?
Is Superman the best fictional hero of all time? Why or why not?
Why is it so much harder to write a poem than creative fiction?
Why do I prefer fantasy to reality?
What is a good name for a fictional viking themed country?
Who was the fiction writer who wrote short stories inspired by math, including one about a mathematician who found a contradiction in arithmetic?
Can you recommend any fiction on reincarnation?
How did people first start thinking about personal force field? How were they seen then?
Who is your favorite fictional villain? What character traits led to this decision and how do they blend or contrast with the work's mood?
When is it ever okay to use adverbs in Fiction stories?
What is the name of the narrator of "Justine," the first volume of the Alexandrian Quartet by Lawrence Durrell? Is the name ever spoken?
Are fictional characters with insane methods loved more than other characters who are sane?
What are some famous fictional INTP characters?
What are some flash fiction ideas?
Which are some animals only limited to fiction and do not exist in reality?
What are some great inventions that can turn science fiction into reality?
How do I begin writing fiction stories?
What is a good fiction book to read at the 7th and 8th grade levels?
Why is literature so important?
What is your review of The Fault In Our Stars (2012 book)?
What are some fictional and non-fictional stories that would keep children interested?
Which is the best science fiction novel under 200 rs?
What are some recommendations for great dystopian fiction novels?
Is Hawking radiation real or fictional?
I write erotic fiction to get myself off. How eccentric is this sexual taste?
How would you rephrase "Despite the fact that your company has not announced competition"? (competing to get a job)
In what ways does the real 'Wild West' differ from the fiction?
Do benefits of reading fiction include fanfiction?
What are the features of a good science fiction book?
I want to be good at drawing from my imagination but I have no experience. How do I start?
What would a fictional war look like between Mankind and vampires?
How do I organize my thoughts? I am thinking of writing a fan fiction, but I have all these ideas spinning around my head and I can't organize them.
What were some crazy engeniering plans from the past that seem science fiction?
What fiction has a hell as a setting?
In Gravity, what is S-K-Dah and what does it mean?
What are some fictional history books written as if they are historical?
What do fans of medieval history and fantasy fiction need to know and keep in mind in order to differentiate the two?
What is your favorite first line from a science-fiction novel?
What are some examples of realistic transgender characters in fiction?
What would a culture, developed underground, look like?
What are the advantageous of omniscience over super human intelligent?
What are the Malayalam fiction books that one should read?
Have you ever gotten so involved writing a story about a fictional character that the character's personality started to merge with your own?
Can you recommend any good science-fiction themed poetry?
Is it typically necessary to practice Chekhov's gun to write good short story fiction?
What are some good books for beginners who want to start reading?
What are the must read books under fiction for beginners?
What should I know about writing a fictional character who is a young transgender woman?
Being a multi-genre author, is it an advantage or disadvantage?
What can I offer the demon Abbadon (destroyer, King of Demons) in a deal?
If Mukesh Ambani is threatened by Dawood Ibrahim, how would he respond?
What order of monks would be a good choice for a fictional tale of monks who fight the supernatural?
Does it make sense that I write to fulfil impossible fantasies of mine?
Were you influenced into your current profession by a fictional character?
Am I wrong to feel that real science is painfully boring/depressing compared to science fiction?
What movies do you know that have an evil mayor?
What are some of the most beautiful literary descriptions of real places?
If you had to choose between reading either fiction or non-fiction for the rest of your life, which one would you choose and why?
How many distinct psychographic segments have been established in the field of marketing research?
What fictional books would you recommend for someone who has an identity crisis?
What are some of the best fiction English novel?
If you could choose a fictional character to run your country, who would you choose and why?
Which are some good science fiction/fantasy sites for beginners to submit short stories?
Why do I feel attracted to evil characters in fiction?
I'm looking for a great fictional book, that will teach me something new and interesting. Can you recommend me some?
If you could choose one fictional world to live in, which would it be?
How should one write angels in Christian fiction?
Do we have enough portrayal of mental health in young adult fiction? If so, is it portrayed properly?
Does anyone find humanity winning almost all the time in science fiction boring?
What do fiction readers want out of their book?
What are the best books on art of negotiation in literary fiction?
Do you read ebooks and fiction novels?
How would you design the Snowpiercer?
Is it common for fiction writers to imagine themselves a part of the world they're creating?
What are some tips for writing a historical fiction novel set in the Victorian times, London, England?
Are there any other fictional characters who are similar to Bella Swan?
What are 2 non fiction pieces in a similar style, by the same author, but about different subjects?
What do you find more interesting: fact or fiction?
What is the best fictional character?
Could the ancient Stark sword the original "Ice" be an Other sword?
Is it bad to use/overuse "it" and "its" in fiction?
What fictions have the best and the worst "internal consistence" (kind of low and high level of self-contradicting/paradoxical setup)?
Is it possible to play Go while blind, like Bram in the Amsterdam Assassin Series?
What Aussie YA fiction books should I read?
Can science fiction be the future of science?
What is the difference between urban fantasy, paranormal fiction and science fiction?
Who are the best fiction writers in Malaysia?
How much character development/depth is there in classical fiction - relative to modern fiction?
When preparing for TOEFL, should I read fiction or nonfiction books?
What is the appeal and value of science fiction?
What book would you recommend if you could reach out to your thirteen-year-old self?
Do 'corporate troubleshooters' like Katla from the Amsterdam Assassin Series really exist?
What should I avoid doing in my science fiction novel?
How, in your opinion, can sensuality and intimacy be conveyed better in fiction (books, movies, TV)?
Among English language non-fiction writers, whose style is your favorite?
Who is the best Fictional dictator ever written?
What would happen if Tony Stark met Sherlock?
Is there a more beloved character in all of science fiction than Spock?
What are some of the most beautiful descriptions of fictional places in literature?
Can it be called a work of fiction if it is (almost) completely based on someone you know?
Can you help me to identify these characters from children's stories, nursery rhymes or fairy tales?
Would you read an Islamic fiction novel written by a young Muslim woman? If no, why not? If yes, what would your expectations be?
What are some cool philosophical fiction books?
What are the most mind blowing science-fiction short stories?
What are the biggest plot holes in what are otherwise solid works of fiction?
What are some nice fiction books?
Is it normal for men to read Girl on the Train and enjoy it?
How do you make a fiction story come alive?
What are some good personifications of fear in fiction? Like Phobos from Greek mythology.
What are the rules of fan fiction writing?
Which is the best Hindi fiction?
Any rationalfic where hero is normal, fighting superpowered enemies using his/her own intellect, a-la The Metropolitan Man?
Why am I not able to read fictions?
What was the first work of fiction that pictured alien spacecrafts having the shape of saucers?
Are all the answers / stories written on Quora true or some are just made up by some people with their exceptional writing skills?
Is The Zodiac Legacy: The Age of Bronze out yet?
Who would have won the fight had Wildlings not come to the rescue?
How do you write fictional characters based on real people you know?
Is it ok to use real historic places in novel?
Why do people find fact more appealing than fiction?
The Dark Knight/Batman Trilogy (movie series): Who is a more terrifying villain: Nolan's Bane or the Joker?
What do you think of the book 'Dead Souls' by Nikolai Gogol?
I'm 18 and I want to write a fiction novel, is that silly?
If you could completely fabricate a Quora answer, what would the question be, and what would be your answer?
As a fiction writer, have you ever knowingly written something as part of a book or script that you knew was poorly contrived?
What are fiction stories? What are some examples?
How realistic do male characters tend to be in most young adult/teen fiction?
Which villain has the best theme?
How can I start reading fiction again if I haven't read a fiction book since I was in school?
In what ways does the writing process differ for nonfiction compared to fiction?
What are some fiction books that are really good but not super addicting, so that it helps me sleep, but not making me want to stay up to finish it?
What are some examples of fiction literature? How is fiction literature different from non fiction literature?
Should I read non-fiction or fiction books to improve my logical thinking and speech formulation?
Does fiction exist in a vacuum?
What kind of non-fiction content is popular amongst Indian kids aged 6-14?
How do I make my stories for English class shorter?
Do you have some suggestions on how to research properly before writing a (i) fiction (ii) non fiction book?
Who are the best science communicators in the world?
What are the pros and cons of the Percy Jackson series?
What is the hidden meaning behind "Poison" by Dahl?
Are there any morally good historical or fictional people with the name Alexander?
How can I describe a journey back home of a group of four people in a fiction story?
How do Science Fiction writers who write in the future get through future technology and the reader's potential inability to relate?
How can you start a fictional story if you have a few exciting ideas?
Why a dream sequence in fiction novels is considered a risk?
Are there any good books (both fiction and non-fiction) about the Trans-siberian railway?
(fiction writing) Is it possible to poison an object so that someone who uses it eventually gets intoxicated without even noticing it?
What is the coolest set of armor in anything fictional or non-fictional?
Which is the best fictional book apart from LOTR, Harry Potter and Charlie and the Chocolate Factory?
What do you think about "The Truth" by Neil Strauss?
What are the best fiction books about our universe being a computer simulation?
What is the meaning of fictional portrayal?
If all actors were suddenly given all the powers/qualities of their career roles, who would be the toughest?
What are some good English crime novels with amazing cliffhangers?
Is there such a thing as being too immersed in your fictional setting or characters?
What distinguishes a well-written female protagonist from a poorly-written one?
What is the truth and fiction in the Chola Incident?
What twelve fiction books should I buy for my daughter?
Are there fiction novels with gay characters contextualized in the Middle Ages?
If Percy Jackson had accepted godhood what would he be god of?
In the 'Stranger Than Fiction' movie, why does the main character have to be killed in the end?
Is there any magazine in India which publishes science fiction stories written in English?
How accurate is criminal minds and what are some fictional things that are in it?
How do I read fiction deeply and really enjoy it?
Who are the three most archetypal characters in the history of fiction?
What are the Physics rules that is a must in a fantasy novel?
What are the best realistic fiction books for children?
How do i become fiction/nonfiction book writer?
What are the best fiction/story books about Project Management (ex. The Phoenix Project)?
Which kind of books stimulate the mind to think more, fiction or non-fiction?
If you had 1 hour to kill and only the choice between reading a good fiction novel or watching a good TV show, which would you choose and why?
Why do I feel possessed by a fictional character?
What are some common character types in thriller fiction novels?
If a literary work is based on a true story, will it be considered as fiction or non-fiction?
Which is the best romantic fiction novel you have read?
Have you ever been the inspiration for a fictional character?
What do you believe are the most important components of a compelling character?
What is your favorite Science Fiction depiction of first contact with alien life?
What is the first mention of suicide in fiction or the historical record?
How true or false is the new book by Richard Muller "Now -- The Physics of Time"?
When writing a book, can you set it in a fictional place in the real world?
What are things that one must need to decide/think about before writing a (i) non-fiction (ii) fiction book?
Does science fiction element makes a movie entertaining?
If you could join any group, union or faction in the world (fact/fiction) Who would it be and why?
If you could go into any fictional world, which would you choose?
Which fictional character has the best introduction?
What are some tips for beginning imaginative fiction writers?
What is the best companion book for world literature?
What should I start studying to become a science fiction writer?
What are some good science fiction books on project Gutenberg?
What is a religion you made up?
How can you marry a fictional character?
What genre do fiction books that have complex political plots belong to?
Why do some people dislike the Indian writer Chetan Bhagat?
Are there any great fiction books about happy people?
Is there any fiction novel in which girl has a love failure?
How do science fiction fans distinguish science fiction from fantasy?
Who would win in a Game of Thrones battle? Robert Baratheon or Arya Stark?
Can I get some supernatural stories of maths fiction?
Can an author of fiction use trademarked sports team names?
What fictional character would you like to have as a friend?
Why does having a major flaw make a fictional character so much more interesting?
If The Mountain gets killed in season 7 of Game of Thrones, who do you think will kill him and how will he be killed for good this time?
Why are the Crypts of Winterfell so important in Game of Thrones?
What are some good thought-provoking books to read like Fahrenheit 451, A Song of Ice and Fire, and The Catcher in the Rye?
What are the best selling fiction books for a boy, whose age is 14?
What consequences of common science fiction elements are rarely explored?
What are some technologies that appear in non science fiction novels or movies that are currently not possible?
Are there any good programs for making maps?
What are the best thriller books in fiction and science fiction genre?
Why do time slips happen in fantasy and science fiction?
Are stereotypes of races based on fact or fiction?
What's the best way for aspiring writers to learn how to analyze fiction books and stories?
How do you find time to read everything?
Assuming you are a part of their fictional world, are there any fictional characters whose life you would be willing to save by giving up your own?
What are best crime, capery story and science fiction movies?
When will there be a site exactly like Quora, but where all the questions are story ideas, and all the answers are fiction?
How accurate is prison break TV show and what are some fictional things that are in it?
What is the best vampire fiction with a female vampire?
What are some examples of fictional cats?
What fictional characters do you know have puns in their names?
Why do people want explanations of fictional movies what they don't make any real sense?
Did Ernst Mayr read fiction? What were his favorite books?
What will happen between Jaime and Cersei in season 7?
What science fiction movie creation would you like to become real?
What are some fiction cliches that you actually like?
I am 14 and want to write a fiction novel and get it published. How can I do so?
What are some fictional currencies in use in science fiction stories and what's interesting about them?
How does a fiction writer prepare for a long and productive writing session?
Copyright owners denied me the rights to adapt a story because of “departures” from the original story. Does that mean I have a new IP?
What benefits do readers have over non readers?
Should a literature student only read literary fiction?
Is there any value in reading non-literary fiction?
Who is the most evil character in all of fiction and why?
What is Parallel paradox, which we use to heard in Science Fictions?
What are the best science fiction books for children?
Are there any relations between Harry Potter and Percy Jackson?
Which animated fictional movie character do you wish was real?
What are the best selling books by Indian authors in 2015 and 2016?
Which type of novel is more beneficial fiction or non fiction?
Which nationality do you think makes for the best (movie) villains?
Can someone sue you for mentioning his product/fictional character in a video?
What are some supernatural fiction books that have widespread critical acclaim?
Can you recommend some authors with a similar style to Maeve Binchy?
Where can I find an editor's email address for Spider Children's Magazine?
Why do we become emotionally attached to characters from movies, TV series, video games, anime and books knowing it's all fiction & scripted?
Who is your favorite mathematics character in a work of fiction (books, plays, movies, etc)?
Where does "Twas a dark and stormy night" come from?
Why do people write nonsense story of them which seems like fantasy?
What science fiction technologies are actually feasible and could become a reality this century?
Is it possible to read fiction books while preparing for the UPSC exam?
Who is the most popular witty fictional character in literature?
What is an example of a legal fiction?
If you could rename the Percy Jackson books, what would you rename them as?
In Kim Stanley Robinson's "Mars" trilogy, how long does it take to terraform the planet and how scientifically accurate is he?
Can you recommend any authors with a style reminiscent of John Steinbeck?
What were some challenges with creating and depicting a fictional African culture?
How would you describe the character of evolution, if you anthropomorphized it?
Would you say "The Girl on the Train" uses lots of telling, not showing?
What are your favorite books from the 21th century written by women?
If aliens are invading India and the only way to save us is by uploading the worst Bollywood movie on their server. Which movie will you choose? Why?
Why do you write fiction?
What is a good story you can write and then post here?
Is Agent Smith the greatest science fiction villain of all time?
Does anyone do free development editing for my fiction book?
How much time does it take to write a (i) non-fiction book (ii) fiction book?
Should I read multiple books at the time or only one at the time? (Non fiction books!)?
What is the different between science and science fiction?
In Tolkien's fictional world, what are humans better at than any other race?
What is the best way to deal with jungle-based guerrillas?
Can an undifferentiated writing style be good?
What does it mean that Greg Egan's "Permutation City" touches on the nature of consciousness?
Are warp drives science fiction or future reality?
Is it weird that people made fake photos and historical newspaper articles about my fictional character?
Are there any science fiction novels about terraforming of Earth?
What are the top five best romance novels you've ever read? (Or more than five)?
Can a fictional currency be copyrighted?
Who was the real Sherlock Holmes and how similar is he to the fictional character?
What do you think is the age at which an aspiring writer should start working on a fiction novel?
What are you tired of in the modern fantasy genre?
What fictional character or creature is labelled as “true neutral” in the middle of this moral alignment chart?
Which are the best pieces of flash fiction that you have heard?
What could be the reason why Oathkeeper and Widow's Wail have black and red ripples instead of the usual black?
Can I write a science fiction novella featuring invention that is already existing as a future development?
What are the most famous fictional characters who save the day, get the hot chick but are bald?
How do I overcome jealousy over a fictional character?
Was Hecate Poole the best character of Penny Dreadful?
Can you identify this science fiction story?
What are some of the challenges of writing about and portraying mental illness in fiction?
If aliens came to our planet and said "Bring us to your leader!" who would you pick as the world's leader?
Do you like the following linked paragraph?
I had an idea for a story. I thought of a historical fiction/fantasy type story. Is there any events in history that you would recommend me using?
Where can I find hindi to english translator for fiction novel?
What is your greatest desire as a science fiction writer?
What fiction characters with abilities/superpowers are vulnerable to concussive weapons?
How can a 11 year old have the emotional maturity to write a fiction novel, lets say with 300 pages?
What was the earliest mention of aliens (extra-terrestrial life) in the history of fiction?
How choppy can a novel segment be?
What is the best guide to publishing fiction?
Can we add self made plants, animals and other things to our fantasy novel?
If you have the power to bring one fictional character to life, who would it be?
What are the best unused Science Fiction concepts?
In which short story does a spy defeat an assassin by tricking him to jump out a window?
What are some of the things that appears to be a science fiction, but are actually true?
What are some tips for someone who is about to have their fictional novel published?
What are some good harlequin books?
Why do many women have trouble understanding that Prince Charming is a work of fiction?
Why aren't there more novels written in Sophie's World style framing?
Is this true? “Truth becomes fiction when the fiction's true; Real becomes not-real where the unreal's real.” from Dream of the Red Chamber
Who are some fictional polyamorous people?
What comprehensive and accurate historical WWII British Intelligence novel or novels can I read?
Can you separate fact from fiction in regards to movie Ruostum (2016)? What really happened in the KM Nanavati case?
What are some really great new non-fiction books that I should read?
What are some disturbing examples of "romances" in literature and movies?
What is the most depraved, gruesome graphic historical novel you have ever read ?
Is the website "Wikia" a great place for fictional writing?
Which are some of the oldest science fiction stories not yet invalidated?
Which of Isaac Asimov's science fiction works (i.e short stories, novels, book series) is the best to read first?
Is a science fiction force field possible given our current scientific knowledge?
What are some good free online fiction writing courses?
Is space colonisation something seriously considered by scientists, or is it just fiction?
Isn't The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy overrated?
Who is the fictional archaeologist Howard Carson based on?
What are the three most critical components of building a good author's platform for fiction?
Why do people with Asperger syndrome tend to dislike fiction?
Why is archery such a common skill for protagonists to have?
In literature, what is a fictional narrative?
How do I “simply” dress up as a male fictional character but in a female kind of way?
What is the largest fictional empire ever created?
Which genre of science fiction is enjoyed by most scientists?
I'd like to read a speculative fiction book about Californian Native Americans. Are there any?
What are new elements in Fantasy Fiction that people are looking for but not have seen yet, as in not seen in books or movies?
If you were to create a fictional explanation for the origin of any number, what might it be?
How much are writing contest judges paid?
I can write good fiction novels. Is that enough to generate an income for me online?
What are some of the main and most important legal fictions that Tocqueville discussed?
Would "Nine princes in Amber" become as recognized and famous if it were published today?
How can I stop being extremely sorry for fictional characters?
What are the biggest changes you've noticed about science fiction conventions over time? Which do you find positive, and which do you find negative?
Are there major science fiction stories about a religiously-motivated alien invasion besides Halo?
What is a secret about an original fictional character that your readers will never know about?
What is the worst super villain plot that you've ever heard of?
What are some of the most popular Harry Potter fan fiction websites? Which of them have the largest community?
Did the deaths in "1000 ways to die" really happen like they claim, or are they all fictional?
What is the one thing a novice science fiction writer should keep in mind when attempting a novel?
How many words should be in an adult non-fiction book?
Which is best non fiction book in psychology?
Could you be put into a coma if hit in the head hard enough with baseball bat?
What are some books with LGBT+ characters that are not explicitly about LGBT+ issues?
What are fictional characters?
How do readers bond with fictional characters?
Are there any important fiction writers working today?
What are the strongest fictional characters?
What are some good fiction story ideas for teens?
Are almost all works of fiction essentially ripped off from one-another?
What is your favourite fictional city brought to life in films?
What is a fictional story than ended, but left you craving for more?
If Jules Verne's fiction novel about "Rocket to the Moon" can come true, can Dinosaurs also come back from extinction?
Are there good creative outlets for fantasy world building if you’re not interested in narrative fiction?
Have you ever written fiction, then found something you made up to be true?
What are all of the Assassin guilds that exist in Tamriel?
Why would a creator make the bad guys win?
What are the best indian science fiction novels?
What is macabre fiction? What are some examples?
Are the so called 'serious' literary fictions intellectually void?
Have you ever fell in love with a fictional character to the point you had to personally cope with he/she not being real? If so, how?
How do fictional and non fictional characters compare and contrast?
I write sci-fiction, adventure and fantasy stories. Are there any popular websites where I can upload them for people to read?
Under what circumstances, if ever, do science fiction writers accept semi-developed plot lines from fans? Or is it simply seen as annoying?
Why it is called three musketeers even though there are four after D'Artagnan joins team?
What do you think about the famous Chinese fiction Robert's witness?
Which fiction and non-fiction show do you like the most?
Are dragons, vampires and werewolves demonic or just fiction?
How do I deal with falling in love with a fictional character?
Why am I dreaming about this fictional character?
What aspects of Dan Brown's Davinci Code are misleading, manipulative, or flat out untrue?
What are the best non fictional books on travel and adventure?
As an AI robot, shouldn't TARS have used 'probability' instead of 'possibility' while responding to Cooper during the famous docking scene?
When is it ever a good idea to make a villain become a good guy?
How would your fictional country be?
What fiction books changed how you view the world?
I am looking beta readers who is interested in Beta reading for 90k words fictional novel?
Is there a website for roleplaying fictional characters?
I am working on a fiction and hence I need to know what information about soldiers are kept confidential?
Which film has the greater cultural value: Scream or The Godfather?
What are some mind-blowing examples of "truth is stranger than fiction"?
What happen between Gordon and Stoner at the end?
What are good fiction books on living with communism along the lines of 1984 and animal farm?
If you have only one obligatory choice,which Conspiracy Theory do you think is not fiction?
Why is "Flowers for Algernon" considered as science fiction?
Are there any adults who enjoy Harry Potter and the fantasy fiction genre?
Do you know of an example of literary fan fiction which is as good as or even better than the original author’s work?
What are some great philosophical novels?
What are the best military science fiction books?
What are some interesting fictional computers?
What was the first Deus Ex Machina in history?
What are some good detective/mystery books featuring a locked room mystery that have come out in the last five years?
Why might someone not enjoy fictional books but enjoy fictional movies?
Is there any acid that can destroy hair follicles permanently?
I want to author a fantasy fiction novel but I have never written a book before.How do I write & publish a book successfully?
How likely is it to get sued for writing fan fiction?
What would the result of training in the manner of the Unsullied be on real people and what would happen to them psychologically?
What is the title of a novel about a "pesky bug" that is tied to the history of digital electronics and digital systems?
How do you balance your fiction and nonfiction reading?
When is it acceptable to include a real person in a work of fiction, and when I should substitute a fictional character based on them?
What are some examples of "fiction"?
What is the snowflake method of writing fiction?
Which fiction/non-fiction writing blogs do you know of and recommend?
Which is Dr. Richard Muller's favourite fiction novel?
Is Quora becoming a fiction writing contest?
Has anybody recently read Stoner by John Williams? I have a question.
If you could create your own fictional modern day country, what would it be?
If you were to write a fictional story of our country, what would it be and why?
What fictional character would you like to meet in real life and why?
Has a fictional series ever had to change its plot because a fan theory correctly predicted what was going to happen?
Are there italian fiction books that discuss the north and south divide of Italy (like difference in culture, stereotypes, etc)?
What are some uncommon villain motives?
Whose fiction has been translated into the most languages?
What are good sites for practicing fiction writing?
What is the definition of "fiction"?
What is realistic fiction? What are some known realistic fiction writers?
Why should I go to college if I am 18 yo, make 120k a year, read tons of non fictional books, and have friends from all over the world?
How do I write good dialogue for fiction stories?
Who are some good book authors on fiction, thrillers or fantasy?
What piece of fictional technology would you most like to exist in real life?
Can we enjoy life without any kind of fiction?
Why are some people so serious about fictional stuff?
What are some fiction novels that begin as several unrelated stories that slowly come together at the end?
Who is your favourite non-fiction author?
Which series of books should I read first among A Song of Ice and Fire, The Lord of the Rings and The Godfather?
Are there any science fiction books written like a diary or a journal?
How would people and the world be different if works of fiction did not exist?
How are the works of Hermann Hesse regarded by different age groups in today's world?
Why does fiction bore me?
What fictional vehicles have the most practical or realistic cockpits?
What kind of wording separates erotic fiction from porn books?
What are the odds of being able to make a comfortable living purely out of writing fiction?
What's a good idea for a fictional novel?
Book 1 of a 4-part book series is quite dark, and lays down the foundation of that universe. In literature, what should be the tone of Book 2?
Who is the greatest hero in all of Ayn Rand's fictional works?
What is the best simple but comprehensive Pen and Paper system for a science fiction scenario?
What is the best fiction book series [according to you]?
What books are fiction and also educate Architecture, Planning, real life events?
Is crushing on a fictional character silly if you're looking to be in a real relationship one day? Or is it good to know what to look for in someone?
What can be another great story which might have taken place in middle earth?
What would doctors do in a world without diseases, accidents or natural calamities?
What kinds of things would an evil step-mother do in a fairy tale?
What is the most faithful to reality novel you have ever read?
What science fiction have you enjoyed recently? (Sep — Nov 2016)
Why does science fiction exist? What purpose does it serve?
Why are people drawn to criminal fiction?
I have an excellent idea for a science fiction story, how do I create a novel from this idea?
Which political party, if at all, would Captain America be in affiliation with?
What are some book recommendations for an avid reader?
Was The Scarlet Pimpernel the first fictional vigilante with a costume and a secret identity?
What are some friendly or cute robots in fiction?
What is your fictional modern day country?
Who is the most mysterious character in all of literature?
Are there any fiction writers or screenwriters who work freelance or at their own pace?
Does crime fiction actually aid in one's growth?
Do you mentally create fictional countries in great details?
In my early fan fiction, I used to have my main heroine be captured quite a bit by the person she loved. Why did I do that so much?
Why do people like science fiction?
Which books (fiction or non fiction) provide a good description of life in rural India?
What is the worst mystery/crime novel you've ever read?
Are there books with plots in which the protagonist is going against perfection?
What is the value of fiction?
Does art need ideology?
What are the indications that makes "The Book Thief" a historical fiction?
What are some good lighter urban fantasies (not YA)?
Why is the "mad scientist" trope a recurring theme in fiction?
Is it good or bad for a fiction writer to use a thesaurus when he is writing his fiction? Why?
As an amateur fiction writer, I struggle to create a proper beginning for my stories. Do you have any advice for me?
What are some of the best novels to read for beginners?
How did being named after a fictional character affect your life?
Can we compare fiction and non fiction on the basis of learning? If yes how?
What are your recommended fictional books?
Is the whole of mathematics a fiction created to make sense of the reality?
Are there any books with an immortal person that writes a biography about his last 4000 years experience?
What do people mean by "high-concept" whatever (like "high-concept science fiction", or "high-concept thriller"?
Is there any free self-editing program for fiction writers?
Why are many girls writing dark pieces of fiction?
Are the talking portraits at Hogwarts the actual people in the picture talking or is it an echo of what they might say?
Which work of fiction (books/graphic novels/movies/etc.) changed you as a person?
How do you prevent people who flat out deny peer-reviewed science from getting under your skin?
In Neuromancer, why did Wintermute bother to recruit/brainwash Corto/Armitage?
What are some great fiction books about depression?
What are some good fictional books that go into detail on magic?
Who is your favorite fictional detective?
When a soul leaves a dead body, is it painless in fictional worlds?
Are there any Tolkien fan fiction works of high literary quality?
How is a (long) story developed?
What formats do you use to write fiction?
What are the best ways to find publishers soliciting works of fiction?
Do libraries put the Bible in fiction or non fiction?
What are some fiction novels written with a very clear, precise prose?
For those who read more than 50 books a year: How do you find and choose good books to read?
What's a good fiction or non-fiction book about India that would be interesting for a foreigner to read?
What kind of reality we should criticize from fiction movies, especially sci-fi movies, since they are basically just fiction?
Who are the best African-American science fiction writers besides Octavia Butler?
Which real language is D'Haran derived from?
What are some works of fiction that depict a battle royal or (non-)zero-sum game?
Could you please recommend to me some imaginative science fiction authors that are female and little known?
What courses to take to start writing fiction?
Why do so many people love fictional super heroes?
Did any science fiction writer predict something similar to Wikipedia?
What are the best fictional elementary schools?
Why does the media go along with the fiction that political contributions only buy access?
How do I format a list that's being read out loud by a character in a fiction book? The list contains lengthy sentences (ie: not a grocery store list)
What are some good publishers for extremely young authors of YA fiction to consider?
What is the best fictional story involving parallel universes?
Which is the best fiction novel of 2016?
What are some good sci fiction movies expect about Space?
What is Atompunk?
Which fictional universe has the most realistic portrayal of the future?
What are some ideas to start writing a fiction book?
Would a lethal poison as cyanide lose some effectiveness because it was brewed several years ago?
Why would anyone learn a fictional language?
What factors make a fiction author's output more or less rapid?
What non-fiction books should a fiction fan read?
Was Oba Schalk/Rahl suffering from a mental or personality disorder?
What is meant by "slash fiction"?
What is(are) the rule(s) for using real people when writing fiction?
Where can I buy or read British Science Fiction magazine "New Worlds"?
How can I stop relating my life with the fictional characters lives?
If you had a chance to rewrite a book (fiction), what book would it be and why?
Who are the best authors of fiction in2016 and why?
What should I name a fictional drug which counteracts the rejection of cybernetic prostheses?
In your opinion, who is the most overrated major science fiction writer?
Can book lovers explain their emotional attachment with fictional characters?
What is the most famous vehicle of the fictional underworld?
Can Tarzan happen in real life?
What is the most life-changing fiction book?
What are some good novels for a high school graduate which he/she can read in a single sitting?
What are some molecular machines in fictional universes/worlds?
Can reading fiction improve cultural awareness?
Is Ramayana series by Ashok Banker worth reading?
Is it possible for a fictional character you made to become real if you get really attached to it?
What are some good fiction books for an 8th grader?
Have you ever passed fiction as a fact while writing about yourself on Quora as an anonymous person?
What was the name of that cartoon about a female donkey & a living snowman & if I remember correctly a crow?
Science Fiction Authors: What is Stanislaw Lem's best book besides Solaris?
What is thebest fiction book to read?
What are the best fiction books that depict South American society?
What is a book (fiction or non-fiction) that doesn’t exist that you wish existed?
What was the name of that cartoon about three identical triplets who wears the same grey overalls but different colors of shirt?
What would happen if everyone on this earth follows the same religion?
What are the other radical leftist science fiction writers like Ursula K. Le Guin, Iain Banks and Ken MacLeod?
Voltaire bashes on writers unable to write real women because they write their fantasies without experience. What are some Classics with real women?
What are the fiction stories that are intersting to read?
Which are the 20 fiction and non fiction books by not so famous authors which everyone must read?
If u ever invented a new fictional character who and how would he/she be?
How would you break professional distance rules properly?
How can I write good first person prose in fiction?
What are the most important fiction books in history?
I want one of the characters in my story to be a Crow Indian, but I don't want to pigeon hole him. Are there any resources I can use?
What fiction works make cities essential for the story?
What are some good fictional short story books?
Are there any sci-fi stories where humans are morally ambiguous?
Does reading fiction help aspies with reading other people's emotions?
How do I make my fiction writing lively and immersive?
How are dragons reproduced in GOT? Will there be other dragons in GOT ?
Does a writer need to have an above average IQ to write best-selling fiction? Why? How high should his IQ stand for to write best-selling fiction?
What are some Fiction books that deal with the madonna wh()re complex?
Who are your favourite philosophical fiction writers? And why?
What is the difference between an android and a humanoid robot?
What are the best philosophical fiction books to read while traveling? And why?
Is the Sword of Truth series making a statement about our world today?
How can I tell if a fiction book is worth reading without reading it?
Which are the best fiction books available online?
What are some fictional characters who are famous for finding things?
What's the most interesting fictional concept you've ever encountered, across all genres?
What are some intense reads (not about romance and stuff) for young adults?
Will you read a science fiction novel written by a woman?
Can you name one great science fiction short story writer?
What are some effective ways in which you can introduce readers to your fictional world with a "bang"?
What is Sir Ranulph Fiennes' best book of non fiction?
Are there any characteristics of narrative which help identify it as fiction or fact?
Can you recommend a historical/fictional novel that gives a nuanced and compelling depiction of Islam?
What are some good fictional books to read that are at least 300 pages long?
What is the science fiction story about an artificial intelligence that predetermines the needs of individuals and arranges to have others help them?
Most books I read, I don't complete reading them unless if they are fiction. How can I fix this issue?
What are examples in historical fiction of effective narrative exposition used to place a nation, people, or culture into historical context?
How comfortable are you with sharing an unfinished project with others online?
What are the strengths and weaknesses of my manuscript outline?
Is there a site where you can get an informational paper written on any topic, even fictional ones?
What are some fiction books involving witchcraft and ancient cultures?
What are some great works of fiction I should read before my trip to Barcelona?
How do I learn to write clean fiction prose?
What is up with the series game of thrones? Why is everyone talking about it? Why is it so popular?
How do you distinguish between facts and fiction?
Since the boovs didn't leave the planet, where are they now?
Do you think mythological fictions take the essence out of mythology or instead give them a new dimension?
Which novels mislead readers the best?
What do you think of Ken MacLeod's science fiction books?
Where can I find a like minded community of science fiction and fantasy lovers?
What is the best place to sell my many books that are fiction?
What are some ghost cities in real life and works of fiction?
What is the difference between a novel and a fiction?
What are some great southern gothic novels?
In Japanese, does describing a character as "onna no ko" or “otoko no ko” imply that they are a minor?
Do you know any fictional works about the birth of language?
What are some good realistic fiction YA books about bullying from the bully's point of view?
Who do you prefer, Captain Britain or Union Jack?
What is the first hard-boiled detective story?
Who is the most influential character of English language adult novel fiction?
Should I read Dune?
What are some super-strong nano-material in works of fictions?
How risky is it to write a fiction set in Medieval England with heavy fantastic elements?
How do authors inspire themselves to start writing fiction books?
Is there an encyclopedia that surveys the most original ideas in science fiction?
what do you feel after reading a fiction novel?
I want to ask Grant Morrison a question, how do I contact him?
What are some examples of fictional narratives?
What fictional character, if any, has powers to match Jean Grey in Phoenix mode?
If you could spend time with a female fictional character, who would you pick and why? I am interested in hearing who women would pick as a friend.
How do I know that a book is fictional or non fictional?
How do I write fiction faster?
What is the fictional or non-fictional inspiration for Lance Corporal Levi?
What would you say is the stinkiest (worst-smelling) thing in fiction?
How can an amateur fiction writer learn to compose effortless prose?
What are examples of fictitious assets?
Which is the most scientifically advanced movie in 2016?
What was the book you hoped would never end?
What are some novels where the protagonist has no memory of his life before?
How do you read?
How do I write a manuscript for a fiction?
If I were to create just some words of a fantasy fictional language (not entire languages) which standards I should follow? How should I proceed?
How do you remember the book you read?
Which are the best british fictional books?
What are the top 5 must read fiction books for undergraduate age groups?
How do you decide to buy a non fictional book before reading it?
Which are the best war fiction books?
What are some good fiction (fantasy) book about mythology?
Why are books on science of the non fiction category priced heavily?
Why is Asimov's dialogue-heavy style of writing so uncommon in fiction?
Why do I wish some fictional characters existed?
What are some great fiction books that teenagers can engage in and get them thinking?
What is it like to be a fiction writer?
I've been keeping a journal for three months. I've committed to filling three pages a day. My pages are boring. How do I get better?
In your opinion, which powerful fictional character is most likely to reach the edge of the universe unharmed?
What fictional characters are derived from Doc Savage?
What are some of the fictional works of the past which came true many years later?
What would be the best and worst fictional universe to live in?
I want to meet myself from someone else's point of view. Is that possible?
Is it really bad for a hero to have "too much power"?
Which type of fiction do you like most?
How much time passed in Westeros during Game of Thrones Season 6?
Now that Melisandre has been banished, what role can she play in the fight against the Others? Will she keep trying to help Jon, and how?
Why most fiction works are published as series?
How much does a book writer earn in India?
Can I sell my movie as a 90-page story than a movie script?
What is the meaning of "modern realistic fiction"?
How do I write a science fiction romance novel that actually sells?
Is sex a real phenomenon, or is it just fictitious?
What is your process for naming your characters?
In "A Song of Ice and Fire" how important are the direwolf pups?
What is the purpose of all the italicized text in Madame Bovary?
The idea of the West has been a strong influence on American fiction, what can we get with reference to Irving, Cooper, and Fitzgerald?
What are some examples of notable writers who only wrote in their spare time?
Medieval fictional worlds are widespread in novels, but have you ever read Victorian-inspired fictional worlds? If yes, please do give suggestions!
Is the Night King from Game of Thrones supposed to be the same legendary character from the books?
What are some of the best science tips?
Which 5 people can defeat Superman and how?
How does Cersei hope to win by declaring war on House Tyrell?
How is a novel based on a movie written?
Can anyone please suggest some interesting topics to write a novel on.
Can I use professional sport teams in a fictional book I am writing?
I want to write a fiction on Indian Mythology. But I'm confused about using magic/ mythical creatures. Should I use magic/sorcery?
Would My Little Pony: FIM have a different plot if it was written by George R.R. Martin?
I created fictional parents to cope with mine, now I think I'm losing it?
Is there dramatic value to telling the fiction reader up front (in the narrative) that the protagonist is going to be doomed by the end of the novel?
Who are some of the best warriors left in Game of Thrones after season 6?
What things in Tolkien's fictional universe are based on actual events?
What are some interesting fictional religions?
Could anyone have survived Cersei’s Wildfire?
Imagine you can reborn in a futuristic world where all animals have the same intelligence as human beings, which animal would you like to be?
What's the most interesting fiction book you have read?
I want to write fantasy/scifi fiction as well as be a pastor. Would using a pseudonym be advised?
I haven't read a fiction book since school (I am 29). What books do you recommend I start with?
Do any interesting stories exist that were written entirely in emoji?
How do I make readers to care about and to feel emotionally attached to my fictional fantasy world?
Who, out of all the major characters in ASOIAF, would make for the best ruler of the Seven Kingdoms?
Is it possible to write a novel with no plot holes at all?
Is Jon Snow king?
If you found a child of a foreign humanoid species that was chained to a post and was muzzled would you free them? (Appearance in description)
What causes a fictional character to suffer a “Psychological Death?” And how would you define the term?
Where is Daenarys sailing with her fleet and dragons, to Dorne or Kings Landing?
Who is the fastest superpowered character whose speed does not allow for intangibility, time travel, duplicates and such? What is his/her speed?
Which is the best science fiction available?
What are the tropes of young adult fiction which have not yet become cliche?
Can you provide a list of links to Omegaverse stories?
What sort of money does a mediocre fiction author make?
What is more controversial, truth or fiction and will anyone affect history like Jesus?
What work of fiction depicts the supernatural creation of the universe akin to how Anne Rice handled it in Memnoch the Devil?
Who is the most badass Game of Thrones character?
If you could pull three fictional characters out of any book, who would it be and why?
What are some creative ways to show off a fictional character's immense physical strength?
Do Kings in the North have Small Councils or anything resembling?
Are we really making new friends? Or It is just digital fiction.
In my novel, my character's dog's name is Bilbo (it's mentioned that her dad collects LOTR memorabilia). Is this copyright infringement?
What are the pros and cons of listening to fiction compared to non fiction via audiobook?
How did the "big red button" become a staple of fiction?
Why did the Bourne Ultimatum get better reviews than the first two movies?
What is the science behind magic in Harry Potter?
What are some great Marvel/DC superhero theme music ringtones I can have for my phone?
Why doesn't Blinkist or getAbstract do summaries of fiction books?
How would Sherlock Holmes react to Brexit?
Is Mahavarata a true history or it is a fiction?
Why do we accept that fictional characters walk around all day in over-the-top outfits that no one would be caught dead wearing in real life?
Are there any well known realistic fiction novels for young adults and advanced?
How would a fiction writer be able to create unique fantasy races that aren’t just Elves, Dwarfs and Orcs under different names?
Who are the most psychologically strong fictional characters?
What does "general fiction" mean?
How does Stannis Baratheon compare to Tywin Lannister?
What if all the planets in solar system supported life and there'd be a significant population living on each one?
I am a heterosexual girl but feel attraction to fictional female characters. Is that normal or not?
What are short stories?
What are the best mythological fiction books/novels?
Why does science fiction tend to portray some kind of laser as the primary projectile weapon?
Have modern authors' writing styles been affected by having "watched" so many stories on TV/Film while growing up rather than reading such stories?
What are some good urban fiction books?
What are some good documentaries about fiction writers?
What are a few fiction novels about entrepreneurs?
How would you kill Batman?
IN Game of Thrones, the younger characters (Arya, Bran, Tommen) have obviously aged, but how many years have passed since the beginning of the show?
What are the best fiction books on Christ?
Poetry is 1000s of years old, novels only 100s; who led the revolt of the fiction writers against poetry, what were their aims, did they succeed?
If you could travel across the country with three people (fictional, non fictional, alive, or dead) who would they be and why?
Where should I start from the new DC rebirth?
When writing fiction, how do you properly use prophecies?
Is fan fiction legal?
What are some of your favorite examples of poorly written, unintentionally funny, or just plain awful exposition in books, television or movies?
Is it healthy to entrap yourself in a fictional world you are writing about?
Can you recommend some fictions about drama-free happy couples?
What would have happened if Arya had killed Tywin?
I’m trying to remember a book where a character's version of heaven is reliving the same perfect day (without fully realizing that she's reliving it)?
Is there a science fiction feed?
Is there any fiction that should be forbidden?
What is the best science fiction movie of the past 5 years and why?
I want to write a mythological fiction. Should I make it historical by showing Gods as human or make it a fantasy with magic and mythical creatures?
Has Superman ever become evil, and did Lex Luther stop him?
What will happen if Tyrion Lannister has to fight his brother Jaime Lannister?
What are some good historical fiction novels?
Who is the one fictional character you wish to become for the remaining of your life?
How many people do you think watch and love Game of Thrones without understanding all backstories? If you yourself struggle sometimes, answer too!
How much do you earn as a content writer in India?
What is some literature/fiction that features trolling?
Which one is more helpful: Fiction or Non-Fiction?
What are good works of fiction (short stories, novels, movies) that convey useful intuitions about microeconomics?
What are some heartwarming fiction book with sad ending that makes you appreciate life?
Is Melisandre a threat now that Jon Snow dismissed her?
How do I learn from fictions?
Is Marco Polo the tv series, based true events or is it just a work of fiction?
Why didn't the Mad King have a dragon?
What are some substantive fiction books?
What will Storm’s End lords do in the coming war between Cersei and Dany?
My daughter is 11 years old and English is her second language but she has written a fiction story. How can I help her to find publisher or agent?
Are good looks just a fiction in books for attracting girls?
What was the first science fiction/fantasy book you ever read?
If the ironborn lose their fleet, are they finished?
How do you force yourself to write when you have an idea?
What are some fictional character birthdays?
What books should the privileged read in order to gain perspective and empathy for the underprivileged?
How does Daenerys ride Drogon in the show?
Can Jaime ever forgive Tyrion for killing Tywin?
Can "Inception" movie be completed in 30 minutes duration only?
As a professional psychologist, how would you diagnose the characters in Game of Thrones?
Was Mahabharata a fictional story or historical record?
Are there any characters in fiction, besides Rhaegar Targaryen, who have "The Last Dragon" as an alias?
Who would win in a war: the empire (star wars) or the aliens from independence day?
Why do the last books in fictional series tend to be the best?
What are questions one should think of when making a fictional character?
In Game of Thrones, what happened to the soldiers that deserted from Stannis's army near Winterfell?
Who is your fictional role model and why?
What science fiction novel portrays the future of humanity most promisingly?
What is the better way to write a fiction novel?
How do fiction and non-fiction books differ?
What are the best books, or references to help me write a fiction novel?
How can I tell people to depreciate soft science fiction?
What does local color refers to when someone is telling a fictional story?
Are the Macross theatrical release movies considered canon in regards to the animated series?
What reward is Littlefinger getting in exchange for helping Sansa to reclaim Winterfell?
Is love real in our world or it's just a fiction?
When writing paragraphs in fiction, should I indent?
Why are so many fictional women attracted to Batman?
Fiction: How do I shut off my filter?
Why did the Chinese government arrest 20 women for writing slash fiction? Why did they ban slash fiction?
A portal to any fictional world opens up for exactly one minute. What world would you go to and would you do it knowing you could never return?
What elements should Netflix focus on when building a show to compete with HBO's Game of Thrones?
What is the most interesting fictional world?
Who would win in a fight between Hulk and Batman?
What will Davos do to Melisandre now that he found out about Shireen?
If you could kill one Game of Thrones character, who would it be and why?
What books best depict the culture of Belize? How do they do it so well?
Does the Library of Congress hold fiction books?
What are some some good literary fiction based on current geo political realities?
Why wasn’t Sansa named "Queen in the North" instead of Jon when she is a trueborn Stark in Game of Thrones season 6 episode 10?
When writing fantasy, what are some tropes that could potentially kill my story?
[SPOILER] Did Cersei send Jaime away so that she would be free to slaughter everyone?
Are there any atheists groups, houses or important characters in Game of Thrones?
How many weapons does Batman have? List them please.
Which minor character made the biggest impression with you in Game of thrones S06e09?
How much exposition should be in the first chapter of a fiction novel (Sci-Fi)?
Why was Jon Snow's giant not better equipped in the Battle of the Bastards?
Are we on the brink of another battle between the United North under Jon Snow, and the knights of the Vale commandeered by Lord Petyr Baelish?
I am planning to write a crime fiction novel, What are the suggestions?
What is the process for having a book of fiction or non-fiction published?
What books (fiction, not technical literature) should a prospective physician read, in your opinion?
What are some stories on dark fiction?
How important is a creation myth to a series of high fantasy novels?
Are there any fiction writing competions on the net that are free to enter?
How can I get the role of Jon Snow in Game of Thrones?
What would be your story if Batman turns evil and a villain and all the heroes from the DC and Marvel world try to stop him? At what level could Batman do damage and how could he be stopped?
Is there any historical fiction (movies or novels) about Native American removal, genocide, or life during that time?
I am currently writing a fiction story about a child being forced into human trafficking and how can I make sure the story is accurate and realistic?
I want to get back reading good gripping fiction book. It's been a while, what are the latest you suggest?
Who are some of the most prominent young writers of fiction in Japan right now?
What are all the batsuits worn by batman in the comics?
What will Jaime do when Cersei is dead?
How fiction and non fiction help the reader respectively?
How can an author write fiction that sells?
Who are some fictional bisexual men?
Realistically, what would happen if somehow a portal is opened and any fictional character in existence comes to our world?
What would a society with zero privacy for anyone, including the elites, be like?
After the Destruction of The Great Sept of Baelor, how many Tyrell forces are left for Lady Olenna to command?
What are the most realistic science fiction flms?
How long should a fictional series(tv/book) last? Why?
(Season 6 Episode 9) How will the Freys and Lannisters react to the Starks taking back Winterfell?
[SPOILER] Will GRRM kill Rickon in the books — virtually extinguishing the Stark male line?
What's a good site for posting fiction?
What makes some fictional characters endearing even though they would be obnoxious in real life?
Which movies have high adult content and sex?
Is Totto-Chan a work of fiction or non-fiction?
Why are there seemingly very few creative-fiction blogs?
If Batman can take down the Justice League or Superman all by himself, then why isn't he the most powerful character in Dc Universe?
Is astronomy a science or a fictional concept.?
Are there any metrics on what kinds of animals kids like to read fiction about?
Is it OK for me to take a job because I anticipate it'll give me ideas for writing fiction?
Are there any fantasy or historical fiction novels inspired by the silk route?
Which is your favorite fiction movie?
What do you think would happen to Jon Snow if Ned Stark told Catelyn about his actual birthmother?
Who is the best doctor in fiction?
Is the following paragraph a good way to start a story or not?
Can a fictional character choke you if you say they aren't real?
I can't help myself, I'm falling in love with fictional anime characters! Can you help my fictional fetish?
What are the top 10 Crime Fiction books?
Which superheroes can defeat Batman in Hellbat armor?
What are your favourite 'boarding school fiction' books?
Who is the man walking away from the camera in the game of thrones season 6 episode 10 preview?
If you could be romantically involved with any fictional character, who would you pick and why?
How do you think Ramsay would have tortured Jon if he had won the battle and captured him alive?
What important things to remember when writing fiction set in space?
Has Batman ever turned evil (like Superman in Injustice)?
What motivates Adam Haslett to write fiction?
What are some writing tips for young aspiring fiction authors?
Who would win between all Batman suits and all Iron Man suits?
What would the first storyteller in humanity have thought before making up his first story?
What are some interesting ways (even if those ways are hypothetical or science fiction) of curing cancer?
What fictional characters are similar to Patrick Jane from the Mentalist?
Could AI (artificial intelligence) get the character of human’s like Greed?
I love reading, but only fiction and sci-fi. How do I get myself to read more useful books like biographies or autobiographies?
What fictional web series would you recommend?
[SPOILER] Will Sansa be manipulated by Littlefinger again after being saved from the Boltons? Doesn't he owe her?
What are the best Armenian fiction books translated into English in the last ten years?
What's it like to translate a fiction with someone you don't know?
What is a good novel set in New York City at the turn of the century (very early 1900s)?
Has the telepathic, psychokenetic Krell machine from forbidden planet ever appeared in other fiction?
Will we see a Batman/Wonder Woman pairing in the upcoming movie?
Now that Jon Snow is the King in the North does that mean he is now a Stark and if not will he declare himself one?
Who would win in a fight between Bruce Wayne and Tony Stark?
What are some good fictional books about complex bisexual love triangle between 2 men and a girl?
What are some good spy novels written for adults?
How are fictional/artificial languages constructed?
What is your review of Quoran Holiday, Chapters 6-8. A novel by Sed Chapman?
Does fiction ever have a political impact?
What science fiction books predicted “Big Data”?
Do you think that Rick Riordan went a bit too far with Percy's powers?
Which fictional vegans are most interesting?
What is your view about 24 (2016 Indian tamil science fiction thriller film) written and directed by Vikram Kumar?
Can any one suggest good fiction novels?
At the end of Season 6, is Sansa jealous about Jon being named King in the North?
What are some realistic fiction topics to write about?
Was Bruce's dream about the Flash warning him real or just a dream? Was it a major spoiler hinting towards a possible Injustice movie?
Did writers in Ancient India write historical fiction?
Do university libraries intentionally not stock up on fiction books?
What are the dangers, if any, of fictionalizing events in the lives of actual historical characters?
What does the novel "Don Quijote de la Mancha" (Don Quixote) tell us about the human nature?
What is earliest historical fiction for children?
Does a clone know it's a clone?
Who are some of the best Indian authors (fiction) and why?
Do I need to do a background research to write a 'science' fiction?
What happened to Harald Karstak in the battle of the bastards?
Why is killing one's enemy such a popular trope in fiction?
How much of HBO's subscriber base will they lose when Game of Thrones ends?
What are some science fiction books for beginners?
Which superhero would you want to marry, and why?
What was the best quote you have read in a fiction novel?
[Game of Thrones - S06 E09] If Sansa is Queen in the North, would she legitimize Jon as a Stark?
Some say that truth is stranger than fiction? Do you believe in it?
Who is coolest fictional robotic character of all time?
Can Batman kill Superman?
What are some recommendations for good fiction books similar to 'The Seeker' of karan Baja or books with spiritual touch?
Does any real sword have color as in fiction?
What are the life rules of Ice Age characters?
If you were to send one fiction book to an alien civilization, on the purpose of showing as much as possible about humanity, wich would you choose?
Who would win a fight between Wonder Woman and She Hulk?
Why do I want to spend all of my time reading fiction?
What is the definition of a fictional narrative?
How important are descriptions of characters and places in modern fiction writing?
What fictional location do you wish you were at right now?
Who would be the best leader out of Superman, Batman, Captain America, And Iron Man?
Would calculating characters like Tyrion, Baelish, and Varys have attempted to leave the Great Sept sooner, noticing Cersei and Tommen's absence?
Would it ever be possible to make a mmorpg type of game where you can play as any fictional character from all media?
Who is more likely to kill someone if pressed: Superman or Batman?
Will there be an Injustice movie after the Justice League series?
What's next for Jon Snow?
In Game of Thrones S06 E09: Now that a traitor (Sansa) is ruling Winterfell, will King's Landing attack the North to take it back?
Can anyone tell exactly how smart Bobby Axelrod from the TV show Billions is?
What are the top 10 Science Fiction books?
Have any writers ever held their characters hostage?
What's your favorite prediction in science fiction?
Who is the fastest person ever across all forms of fiction?
Richard Muller: What books (both Fiction and Non Fiction) do you think a person should have read in his/her lifetime?
Who are the best authors of fiction and why?
Who is driving the sun chariot? [If according to Rick Riordan's book, The Hidden Oracle, Apollo(the sun god) is on earth.]
What are some of the most obscure but intentional pop culture references that you have come across in movies, tv series, etc.?
Are there any good fiction out there on the Halo effect?
What are your thoughts on incorporating religion into fiction?
Who is the most selfish character in Game of Thrones?
Is it a bad idea to incorporate my political beliefs into my fiction?
What are some examples in fiction of a mortal becoming an utterly *true* biological immortal?
How might one's life change as a result of publishing their first book?
What is the most reasonable motivation for a villain/antagonist?
What are some of the best fictional books for any age on School and friendship?
Which fictional character would like to add in Game of Thrones and why?
Will our spaceships eventually look like most starships from science fiction as we advance technologically and become spacefaring?
Which are some of the best crime fiction books?
What fictional character is the oldest?
Who is the oldest character (in terms of awareness) in all of science fiction?
How should a Gunny behave in fiction?
How many people read literary fiction online?
Which books are influenced you most: fictional books or non-fictional ones?
What are some of most captivating books on the topic of "Dreamtime" of the Australian Aboriginal mythology? Both fiction and non-fiction.
What would you do with 40,000 Gold Dragons (the 1st prize of a tournament) in the Game of Thrones Universe?
Does Stan Berenstain's fictional land, "Bear Country", employ capital punishment?
What are some of the easily available, good young adult fiction and fantasy novels?
If you could live in any fictional universe, with the stipulation of it being present day, which would you choose? Why?
What a reader would enjoy the most in a fictional novel written like a real story?
Can you suggest me some novels that provides the non fictional information fictionally (in form of an interesting story)?
Who are some vlog- or bloggers that discuss their novels, lore, maps, or art?
People who've read The Ruins: did you like it or hate it? Give reasons why.
Are there any Quorans who would like to beta read the first act of a dark fantasy novel?
Is there a place for fiction (or poetry) on Medium?
In A Song of Ice And Fire, what was the second most powerful Northern house at the time the series started?
How in the world would 2 authors co-author a fiction novel (e.g. The Talisman by Stephen King & Peter Straub), so as to have a consistent voice etc.?
What fictional item do you want in real life?
Why am I so emotionally attached to a character I made up when I was a toddler?
Is stephen hawkins just a science fiction writer dealing with space?
Why doesn't Ramsay just attack the Wildlings now? Why is he waiting while Jon is gathering an army?
What are some amazingly beautiful gay romantic fiction novels one must read?
What are some works of fiction that present novel philosophy?
What is important when creating a language?
Is it normal to obsessively hate your own fictional character so much to think about it daily?
Writing Fiction: What Italian surnames fit with the name “Ethan”?
Would this story make a good movie?
How do poetry and fiction differ?
How did/do science fiction influence Space exploration?
If you were to pick a Middle Earth race to fight the White Walkers, which race would you pick? (LOTR, GOT)
Which is your favourite ASOIAF sigil and why?
If I went back 2,000 years ago and married my ancestor, would that count as incest?
Can I legally use the name of a song as the title of my chapter and also a verse from the song in my writing (See details)?
What are your recommendations for suburban mystery novels?
What's the most interesting fictional setting you know?
What are some fictional characters that would make good Sith?
How many variants of "CNN" are used in fiction?
Do you prefer fiction or nonfiction books? How about movies?
How do I make a fictional character on mobile?
What Science Fiction book (maybe by Robert A. Heinlein) has a concept that a defense attorney gets the defendant's penalty if it’s a guilty verdict?
What are some notable websites or online magazines where you are able to submit and read science fiction (or any other fiction/non-fiction genres)?
What are the best fiction Arabic novels?
What are some of the best flash fiction?
When I say I hate fangirls because they drool over celebrities and gush over fictional character relationships ("shipping"), does that make me sexist?
Can you suggest a short list of publishers to whom I might send my fictional work?
How does the Percy Jackson series differ from the Graeco-Roman mythology?
In the Secret History, was Henry really trying to kill Charles towards the end of the story?
Who are the Faceless Men?
What is the best Indian science fiction story you can come up with?
What was the first, known fiction book ever written?
Is there a good historical survey of science fiction?
Does Bran Stark know about Jon's parentage after the flashbacks on season 6 episode 6?
How is "City of Ember" science fiction?
I have autism. Why wouldn't the act of reading fiction books invoke as much emotion in me as they seem to in other people?
Why aren't there any famous fiction writers who are autistic?
Is it normal to have a crush on a fictional character (from novels to be precise)?
I have opened a trading account with optionshouse and they want W-9 form even though I have given my SSN. Should I provide the w-9 form?
How would you rank these fictional characters in terms of power?
Which terms or concepts used in science originated in science fiction?
Is it a bad idea to have protagonist just read a diary or letter for few chapters as a way to tell the backstory?
How plausible is our future to be as in The Matrix?
How do creators and producers set the 'tone' of a TV series or movie?
Is 'To Kill a Mockingbird' a historical fiction novel?
If I am used to writing adult fiction, how can I learn to start writing young adult fiction?
After writing a fiction novel, is it better to find an agent or publish it on Kindle?
If I read fiction, does it count as reading? Will it be beneficial? I'm tired of reading on self growth and motivation.
You're writing a fiction series, and come across an unknown (to you) author whose story is very similar to your concept. What do you do?
What are good examples of Modern Gothic Fiction?
How do I write a story for me on the miracles of science fiction?
What are the best fiction books about travel and adventure?
What are some good examples of benevolent AI in science fiction?
Could Robb have avoided the Boltons' betrayal?
Are fiction writing prompts copyrighted?
I am writing my fantasy story. What fictional characters do you know that are new to some person's ear?
Would you rather be a human peasant in Middle Earth or Westeros?
Who is the most popular fictional character of all time?
How do I write a romantic fiction?
What does the fiction genre try to accomplish?
What are some good fiction novels for a beginner reader?
Who would win in a fight between Sapphira from the Inheritance Cycle and Smaug?
I want to write serious fiction but I always lose interest if I don't write in a funny style. How do I keep writing?
Can someone suggest me the fellowship of writters?
Does the High Septon know Margaery is pretending to be a believer (and just doesn't care as long as he gains power) or does he think she's a believer?
Was the idea of The Matrix derived from any science fiction novel?
What are some of the traders/investors/analysts who turned into successful fiction writers?
Why is helium 3 so popular as fuel in science fiction?
What are some good fiction novels written by people with 160+ IQs?
How "rough" is the first draft for novels, usually?
Why do fiction books bore certain people?
If I want to start reading Russian novels, with which one should I start?
If you were suddenly transported to the world of Game of Thrones, what would you do?
How many David Foster Wallace fans have actually read "Infinite Jest" cover to cover?
How would it be possible to levitate large objects and crafts, such as the fictional ones shown in these pictures?
What books have a "Chapter 0"?
In literature, what is interpretive fiction?
Is it a disorder if a person like a fictional movie character and begin to act in real life like that character unconsciously?
What makes a fictional story incredibly great and captivating to the reader?
Can humans control the wind? I've seen it in movies thou but I keep wondering if it's mere fiction or an image of the real thing.
Does all science fiction include social commentary?
Is readership of literary fiction declining? If so, why?
Why was the 'Golden Age of Science Fiction' named as such?
Is it normal for a kid to sometimes believe they are their fictional character?
What would be a good (preferably punny or portmanteauish) name for a book club that reads historical fiction?
What are some of the best science fiction books that have to deal with branding and or marketing hijinks?
From where can I read same stories written in different ways, angles and points of view?
Is 'The diary of a short-sighted adolescent' by Mircea Eliade fiction?
People rave about how effective reading is at improving one’s intelligence. In your opinion, which are the best genres and books to start reading?
I just found out my 12 yr old daughter is reading anime fan fiction stories (on her phone) with a lesbian theme. I'm not sure what I should do.
What are ways to describe taking off clothes when writing?
What other fictional or non fictional characters talk like general iroh?
How do I learn to write and describe the visuals from a movie, real life or my imagination in words?
How do you identify a character as racially east asian in a fantasy novel set in a fictional world without using cultural references or asian names?
What fictional weapon and/or armor would you like to own?
What are some of the most impressive and impregnable fortresses ever conceived by fantasy writers?
Is it proper to include real pictures of places and natural setting in a work of fiction, say a novel?
Can fiction writers raise funds from patrons, online or otherwise?
Did Ayn Rand read a lot of fiction?
Why is aircraft engine exhaust often blue in science fiction?
In Endgame, what did the numbers that Sarah get mean?
How can I write flash fiction?
Is Buraq (the flying horse) real or fictional in Islamic mythology?
Has there been any works of fiction that has combined elements of science fiction and fantasy?
What are the most famous fictional cities that people don't realize aren't real places?
Who were your favorite characters to read and relate to growing up?
How much of coincidence is acceptable in fiction?
What is an effective way to apply Anders Ericsson's deliberate practice to writing fiction?
How remarkable is ASOIAF as a work of fiction?
What type of science fiction novels are enticing to you?
How can I publish a fiction novel written in Hindi in India?
What are the ingredients of the (fictional) drink Pan-Galactic Gargle Blaster?
If you could assemble any ten fictional characters into the ultimate team, what would they be?
I remember "Roots" the miniseries long ago. Was the original true to history or more fiction than fact?
I want to write about my time in Jail as a journalist, Should I write book or a non fiction novel?Request
In Borges' short story "Death and the Compass", to what word does the protagonist refer in the following passage? "Even more valuable was a word that Ginzberg used."
I want to write fiction. Where do I start?
What type of character would be the most effective as a vessel in introducing readers to a fictional world?
What are some under explored themes in science fiction that you would like to see more of?
What are some of the best novels about being an immigrant or a refugee?
What would be a good science fiction explanation for a character being immortal?
Am I wasting my time by reading sci-fi/novels/etc?
What are the most popular novels that deal with character hallucination as central theme?
What are some funny repetitve things you do as a writer of fiction?
How do I read fiction onbooks free online?
Which are good fiction novels similar to Da Vinci Code pertaining to cryptography (solving of codes) and secret history?
Can you recommend a book with a collection of really interesting short stories in it?
What are some examples of things that originated in fiction but became real?
How has fiction changed your life?
What is the most misunderstood literary novel?
Is Game of Thrones becoming more fantastical in season 6? Do people find this more or less interesting than the realistic plots?
What could be a sequel to the famous novel, "The Alchemist"?
What are the most essential non fiction books of the last century that someone should search for in a public library?
What’s the best book to read that isn't fiction?
What fictional character does shivi Agarwal have the biggest crush on?
I have just finished writing my first fiction story. Should I apply for a copyright first and then send my manuscript to various publishers?
Are fictional characters real?
Do phone numbers in fiction books lead anywhere?
What incredible sentence could you write that includes these words (together)--"notably unaccomplished"?
What's so great about William Faulkner?
What novels have the hottest cunnilingus scenes?
Quorans of Color: How can a white author approach diversity in fiction?
Where can I learn how to write fiction?
Why does Neverland make you forget?
What is the most plausible fictional depiction of extraterrestrial life to date?
Can I buy fiction books for free?
Is the text of Genesis 1:1 considered fact or fiction?
What are some examples of NLP projects that do named entity recognition of fiction and novels?
What are your top 5 favorite historical fiction movies?
If you could take up any fictional profession which one would you pick?
What are some of the best novels centred around the life of people during World War 2?
What is the most accurate way to write down yourself as a fictional character?
What are some of the best fiction writing courses online?
What are some great fiction and non-fiction books for people interested in China?
Which fictional character do you love?
When writing fiction, do places you write about have to depict the real place or just your imagination of how it should be to fit your story?
How much is the fictional character Uncle Scrooge worth?
Are werewolves overdone in fiction?
Are there non-fiction books that are as interesting as fiction novels?
What are the marketing techniques one needs to apply for a fiction book to sell?
I have written a novel which is in editing phase. what are the best ways of marketing so that it becomes a hotcake before hitting the market?
What are some investment and/or Personal Finance lessons that you have learnt from fiction books?
How do you write good fiction in a country with dubious press freedom? (see comment for question details)
What will a creative fiction author save from his/her house in the event that there is a fire?
Can you recommend one and only one fiction book?
Why is feudalism so common in fantasy fiction?
What can go through a person's mind when he discovers that his girlfriend and his male roommate are actually one existence with two bodies?
Would it be silly to create a wiki-style website for my fiction series, even though I've yet to actually begin writing the series?
I want to begin writing a science fiction book, but I haven't read enough of them to know what separates the good from the great. Any recommendations?
As I reach 30, why do I prefer to watch documentary films instead of fictions? is it common when you reach 30s?
What are some of the most overrated novels of all time?
How much is the fictional character Lucious Lyon worth?
Has anybody ever written Interactive Fiction for Choice of Games? If so, how was it?
What is the most realistic portrayal of aliens in fiction?
In science fiction battle scenes, why don't the weapons all have guidance systems so that they are 100% accurate?
Is hydroxy cyclosarin the same as sarin, or it is a fictional agent?
How are accents written into fiction?
Why is thunder and lighting depicted as brothers in various fictional stories?
Can filmmakers ever combine separate works of fiction into one franchise?
Do you think Daenerys Targaryen will become the villain in Game of Thrones?
What are best books over the last 10 years in Indian fiction reflecting Indian middle class attitudes post 1991 reforms?
Should I read the Gormenghast trilogy?
Which was the one fictional character you fell in love with?
I want to read X-Men comics, though I have never read a single X-Men comic before. Where should I begin?
Which are some ways to define if a character is proactive or reactive in a fiction novel?
What are some advanced level fiction/historical fiction books for teens to read?
How can I create a fictional but accurate planet?
Which Tory MP is the closest parallel to fictional character Alan B'Stard from the New Statesman?
What is comparison between fiction and nonfiction?
What is the significance of Camp Green Lake in "Holes" by Louis Sachar?
Are there any fictional characters who can manipulate Johan Liebert from "Monster"?
Is hyperspace a fiction or reality?
What are some of the poignant novels ever written?
What is fiction?
Are there any podcasts about literature?
What else does it take for a fiction author to "make it big" besides a good story?
What are some systematic ways to organize characters in a plot?
What are the tips for exam on English fiction?
What do you think about the book Diary Of An Oxygen Thief?
What villain had the best and most sensible reason to conquer and rule the world?
When writing a screenplay based off of a book, is it best to get permission from the author(s) first before writing?  Or write the screenplay first so the authors have something to look at before making a decision?
What are some tips for writing young adult fiction?
Can anyone help? I'm looking for a short story I read as an adolescent and don't remember the title or author. It's about a young black or Hispanic blind boy named Raymond whose grandmother makes him a wonderful yellow sweater. It has a heart-wrenching ending.
Have you ever seen a character who is more evil than Ramsay Bolton?
Have there been other stories, fiction or non-fiction, that were written by several writers over a long period of time as the Bible has?
I talk to fictional characters inside my head. Is this unhealthy?
Is it silly for someone to be very attached to their own fictional character they created as a child?
What good books on improving fiction would you recommend to an amateur writer?
There is a word for craving food that the fictional character eats in the book. What is the word?
What are some tips to answer questions from fiction?
Who are fictional characters who are great with swords?
How could a person seriously believe the super villains of comic book movies are the good guys?
Is a short story fiction or nonfiction?
Would Carmen SanDiego be found and defeated by Captain America?
What villains have specific plans if they succeeded in taking over the world?
Can anyone suggest books by Indian authors of science fiction to help compare my work of fiction in progress?
What are some good fiction novels with feminism as a theme?
What is a good example of a modern satire (literature)?
What are some effective pointers in introducing readers to a fictional world you have created?
Do you know a book that describes some of the most famous science fiction books written?
How do I write a non-human character who is fascinated by humans?
What do science fiction authors look for in science fiction books?
What are some good websites for online fiction?
Can we use real people photograph in fictional book?
Who do you think is a better leader in Watership Down, Hazel or Big Wig?
Which are some of the best nautical fiction books?
Is science fiction really going to be our future?
Which are some good philosophy novels to read?
Would the Harry Potter universe be able to defend itself against the Star Wars universe in an all out war?
Would you categorize a work of fiction as a "crime novel" if there is only action/gunplay/criminality in the final third of the book?
What percentage of Christians in the U.S. truly believe that what is in the bible is actually true?
What are some good short stories to read to middle schoolers?
What encourages people to keep going in apocalyptic worlds?
Why my parents won't let me read fiction novels, what should I do as I love reading?
Why has Hindi literature been abstemious in its exploration of themes?
Can you recommend some good books (Fiction)?
What is your favorite line from any book - fiction or non-fiction?
Is it possible for a single fiction author to compete against big media giants?
Which actor has played an American president (fictional or otherwise) the most often?
How do you bring fictional characters into this reality or go to their world?
How different would society be if people could gain the memories of their dead direct ancestors by speaking their names?
How can I get readers for my  fan fiction stories?
What are the best insults from fictional languages?
In Ernest Hemingway's "The Sun Also Rises", what does it mean when a character is described as being "quite one of us"?
Mental health professionals: What diagnosis would you give your favorite fictional character?
How is Ursula Le Guin's interest in Taoism expressed in her fiction?
Which books are best at making people more desirous of life?
If I decide to post my short fiction stories here, will I still be the complete owner according to Quora's Terms and Conditions?
What are the most optimistic, awe-inspiring science fiction books you've read?
What is the fastest way to get your written work published?
What are some highly effective techniques for writing humor in fiction?
If a woman has suffered several losses in her life, what would her mental condition be? (fictional example)
Is there a science fiction book that talks about Catherine Zeta Jones in the introduction?
Fiction: who are the greatest female leaders, commanders, masterminds, or military strategists in any fictional story?
What are some topic or themes that you wish more fictional books focused on?
What are the most well known books, films and video games that feature characters from multiple historical time periods in the same work of fiction?
What are some technologies known from science fiction that haven't been realised yet?
What are your favorite works of fiction?
Why are humans almost always portrayed as good in science fiction?
What are some good fiction books of 2016?
Which are some of the coolest looking emblems from fiction?
How do I improve my connection with my fictional characters to write them believably?
Apart from Animal Farm, do you know any novels where roles are reversed and animals take over the planet, exploiting humans in their turn?
What would your 5-person "dream team" be made up of, if it were fictional characters in a combat situation?
Which book (fiction or non-fiction) is your personal favorite?
In the book 'Life of Pi' by Yann Martel, do you think Pi was actually on a boat with humans the whole time and not animals?
What is the formula for writing a bestselling novel?
Why do we love the fictional character 'Francis Underwood', when in reality we would never approve of a person like him?
What fictional characters have the name 'Underwood'?
I'm creating a fictional Empire; which elements must it have to function properly?
How do I indicate a fictional character is part Indian with a mother from India?
I want to gift novels to my sister. As she has never read novels, suggest something that captures her attention? (check description)
Would you expect a face replacement device in the future which could change your face with just one button press?
Did Giacomo Casanova write fiction, and if so, what is his most famous work?
What are some common fictional names and places used in movies?
Where can I find online (both fiction & non fiction) books in pdf format?
How can I submit an explosive fiction novel to you?
Disregarding the song, who would win in an all out free for all to the death with all fictional characters and non fictional people?
How do I find a fitting name for my fictional character?
Who is the best fiction Author?
What are some great novels that violate Chekhov's gun principle?
What is the process like for turning an idea into a novel and how to keep at it without banging your head against a wall?
Are there any fiction novels about a bank robbery?
What are some science fiction ideas get from ancient books?
What is a good checklist for fictional world building?
How does reading a fiction novel that is based in a certain city or place affect your experience when visiting in real life?
What are the best Indian fiction novels for beginners?
What are some of the best work of fiction about vampires of all time, both in movies and books?
It is a cliche when a story ends happily ever after. So if my protagonist is almost going to die, should I keep her alive or kill her?
Who is the greatest literary character who is unquestionably in the public domain?
Which are best fiction books from Chile?
Why is fiction so powerful?
I want to write a fiction novel that follows a immortal man through the rise and fall of Rome. What would be the best eras to cover in this story?
What should the first sentence be like in a fiction book?
What are some interesting pamphlet outlines which is needed to promote a fiction novel?
Do fiction writers turn off Word Autocorrect and/or Autoformat, just live with all the markup on the screen, or make the suggested edits?
Which are some good/classic Indian fiction novels?
What are some science fiction short stories similar to Blood Music, Utriusque Cosmi, and True Names?
What does in , 'Cometh the hour', "she should have been christened portia" signifies?
Similar weapons to lightsabers, wands, swords, and knives? 
Where can I find The Omen, the book by David Seltzer?
Why don't many people understand genetic research  in fiction stories?
Can anyone give me suggestions for fiction books based on Chinese history/set in ancient China?
What are some of the best Cryptography based fiction works?
If you were required to write a Non fiction book in 2016, what would the title be and why?
What is the status of science fiction literature in our time compared to 30-40 years ago?
What fiction realistically portrays future war?
What is it like to attend the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry?
If you could have one quality that a fictional TV character has, what would it be?
What are the best detective or thriller or fiction  books to be read?
In creative writing, what is the best way to deal with the fact that almost everything has been said and done?
What are the characteristics of a dynamic character in fiction writing?
What are some things/materials/objects from fiction that you would like to see in real life that most people wouldnt think about?
What is the origin of the prophecy-driven storyline?
Why is the book "The Cuckoo's Calling" called cuckoo's calling?
Can my novel's fictional character be a Batman fan?
I just bought 1400 fiction books, what are some unique/creative ways to sell them or make money from them?
How would you explain the quote below using a fictional story-In the short run the market is a voting machine,In the long run it’s a weighing machine?
Which are some of the best fiction novels?
What is the best book of science fiction at present?
How do you research a science fiction novel?
Which are the best crime fiction books?
What are some good science fiction books that describe a future where money does not exist?
Who, out there, is still not fed up with vampire stories?
What can be the most suitable title for a novel based on hypocrisy in society?
How does someone get work as a fiction book cover designer?
The Good Wife is concluding with seven seasons.  What would be the equivalent number of NOVELS that would capture the arc of these seasons?
Is there ever an instance where an autobiography would be considered a work of fiction?
How do I make the transition into writing fiction?
Are there villains that are bleak in some way?
Is there a scientific method to prove that something is fiction?
What are the most important things to consider while writing a book in realistic fiction genre? What timeline is needed to follow to publish it?
I need some good fierce names for my male character in my book, he's fae and the love interest. What are some good unusual names?
Is the preference of fictional character related to the lover's personality?
Do you think Hank Green would ever write a fiction book?
What are the best safe websites to get critiques on your creative writing, such as short stories or chapters of unpublished novels?
Does habitual viewing of a particular tv fiction series, such as Bonanza versus Gunsmoke, influence choice of political party?
What stylistic features (in fiction or poetry writing) do you find most emotionally engaging?
What is the difference between fiction and fantasy in the movies?
What are the pros and cons of being a successful author of fiction?
What is the weakest fictional character/creature that could still wreak havoc on our world if they were real?
After the ‘Lost Symbol’, ‘Angels and Daemons’ and ‘The DA Vinci Code’, where next will Robert Langdon head in Dan Brown’s next novel?
What is the best epigraph for a work of fiction based on real life incidents?
Is it okay to use lots of em dashes in a fiction novel?
Are there any fiction novels about con artists or pick pockets or something like that?
Which is the most favourite Fictional character and a fictional book of Harsha Bhogle and why is it so?
Is pantropy handwavium from a hard science fiction standpoint?
What are popular fiction books for a young adult?
Is studying sociology and history in college useful for a fantasy fiction writer?
I want to publish my mystery genre fiction, can anybody suggest me a good publisher for a new writer?
What is it like to be an editor (fiction)?
Why do authors give simple death to the most hateful characters?
What are some of the most compelling examples of parallel universes in fiction?
"I've had 'blank' for breakfast, I've had 'blank' for ... and I'll be damned if I don't have(/it is) 'blank' for dinner/supper". What is this from?
What are some good sci-fi novels like The Martian or Red Rising?
What is the best detective fiction?
Have you ever read fanfiction based on your own work? If so, how did it make you feel? What are your thoughts about it?
Could you recommend any books about marriage?
What are your favorite crime fiction novels?
Have authors had problems by including real life conversations in their fiction, despite the "everything is fictional" statement?
I'm writing a historical fiction novel and I want to use vocabulary true to the time period. What websites will tell me when words were invented?
Which invention would you like to invent?
Do post modernism includes fiction?
Is pothi.com profitable for a debut non fiction author?
Which are the best fictional stories you have ever come up with?
What are the most interesting concepts in science fiction?
Which is the best fiction novel you have ever read?
Why is Boston depicted as so gritty and crime ridden in films? Aren't some of the best colleges in the world in Boston?
How much money can a first time author of a science fiction novel make?
Which fictional character should rule the world?
From where can I downloaded free fiction ebooks?
What are some fictitious animals that many people think exist?
How can you experience fact from fiction when everything we were taught was misinformed?
What Are The Best Harry Potter Fan Fiction Novels That Are Non-Continuous?
Who are some of the top earning fiction writers and how much have they earned till now?
Can one write a fiction with ideas involve religions, as the fiction says: "this is in no attempt to offend anyone in any way" in advance?
What kind of fiction books do you recommend and why?
What works of contemporary fiction have deep psychological undertones?
What fan theories you think should have been adapted into their original works?
How do I create a fictional character and make it famous?
Is reading fiction books beneficial in life?
What fictional character has had the most stressed life ever?
Which are the best romantic fiction of 1980's?
What are the best Fiction books read once in a Life time and Why?
What are some ideas for names of a fictional artificial intelligence company or robot?
Can the universe actually be a series of chain reactions or chain events played out as if in a video from the beginning it initiated?
Where can I legally read Eragon online for free?
What are some of the earliest examples of parallel universes in fiction?
Do the Yazidi people have Kurdish names or Arabic names?
What are some interesting creative blogs / websites of ebook self publishers who write fiction?
As an editor, what is the biggest reason for rejecting a fiction submission?
Why is chick lit/women's fiction considered a genre? Isn't that kind of sexist?
In Daredevil, how does The Hand achieve immortality?
What are some phenomenal fictional works?
I am working on a fiction novel. How do I know that my idea and preparation is good enough to be converted into a book?
Other than Galactus, Anti-Monitor and Mandrakk, which fictional characters from anywhere eat planets (With images if possible please)?
What are some examples of science fiction concepts coming true?
What are some funny or interesting, but original loglines you can write?
Where can I buy second hand fiction books in Ahmedabad, India?
Is first person narration more popular for young adult readers (Fiction)?
What is the saddest story you can make up?
In the novel Infinite Jest, why does Canada have all these crazy cults?
How do minor characters play a part in fiction?
How does reading fiction novels enhance your cognitive efficacy (if it does)?
You find yourself controlling TWO bodies: your original one, and your ideal body of the opposite sex. I can explain your situation. Any questions?
I consider Lolita (Nabokov) and Hitchhiker series (Adams) to be the very best of literary fiction. What books do you think I'd find great?
How many know that an asterisk before a word in the dictionary means that there are no attested forms? Isn't this linguistic fiction?
Is there someplace I can write fiction stories and people can rate them?
Have you overthought about a fiction or fictional character?
Which books published after 1999 are aimed at the British upper class, both nonfiction and fiction?
What are some of the best fiction books with life lessons?
What lasting effects would stem from people being able to cheat death once in exchange for becoming infertile past that moment?
What's your recommendation for the best "Western" in science fiction? (And why?)
What is Durmstrang in Harry Potter?
Why do American writers use yellow paper?
Is branded product placement common in contemporary fiction?
What are good examples of Chekhov's gun?
How can I make my Science fiction story turn into a big franchise?
Should a Christian (JW) be reading fantasy and fiction stories?
What is it like being a commercial women's fiction author and how exactly could that be different from a non-commercial women's writer?
What are some books about Louisiana Voodoo?
How do I write amusing flash fiction?
What are some profoundly philosophical science fiction novels?
How does hard science fiction differ from soft science fiction?
What are some recently launched e-books in space and science fiction?
Do I need a book editor for an educational non fiction book?
How has fiction writing changed in the last decade?
What are some best fiction novels on brain diseases?
Who are some female curmudgeonly characters in fiction?
What are some examples of expository fiction?
What are some great books and novels that one should read in his 20's ?
Who are the best authors in fiction and non fiction? List a few best authors and their books which make me feel to read a lots of their stories?
Can you share any Harry Potter Fan Fiction written by you?
Are there some fundamental differences in fiction written for men vs written for women? What are they?
Would the following scenario make an evil character seem weak?
What are the must read fiction books in India?
Can you make money writing fan fiction?
How can I choose between or connect two extreme aspects for a single story into one?
What is a great site to publish my fiction for free?
What are some examples of past fiction or non fiction predicting a world that is still vastly futuristic using dates that have already past?
What are some good historical fiction books about the Seven Years War?
What are some great dark fantasy or science fiction books?
I've always wondered if guys read fan fiction, reader inserts or one-shots. Do you think they do..?
What do Pulitzer prize-winning fiction books have in common?
What are some science fiction books or films with obscure but profound messages or parallels about humanity?
Is the below pasted start to a novel too unengaging and tell?
What far future science fiction concept do you think is most likely to come true?
Who came up with the name of the fictitious country IRK in 24?
Why is Henry Fielding sometimes considered the father of the English novel?
Who's the most terrifying anti-hero in a fictional story?
Is it okay to kill the main character at the end of an inspirational fiction novel?
What fascinating historical conflict would make for a compelling fictional world to be based on?
How far in the past does a story need to be set in order for it to qualify as historical fiction?
What are some really interesting epic fantasy fiction books?
Why we Indian's don't read fictional novels or watch fictional movies, serials?
What are some things to consider before deciding what time period to set your story?
What work of fiction (movie, novel etc) has the best depiction of space combat?
Is there any difference in naming a novel "Island of …" or "The Island of …"?
Is it possible for a fictional character to contest election in India?
What is the first fictional character to break the fourth wall?
As a woman, do you ever find that you can't tolerate some of the classics of science fiction, because women are portrayed as props and not people?
How historically accurate is Christopher Paul Curtis's novel Bud, Not Buddy?
I feel very bad for being a human, usually that starts after reading fiction, is it normal?
What are some techniques for writing intense, exciting action scenes in fiction?
What are some fiction books - preferably literature - that deal with themes of anger?
How can I write a fictional culture without alienating my readers?
What could be inferred about Pious Augustus' life in 26 BC/BCE?
Which books to use to learn all about analysing fiction and non-fiction texts?
I LOVED The Martian and liked Saturn Run. These are my first forays into science fiction novels. Any suggestions for similar books?
At what point do you stop researching and start writing, especially considering the genre is fiction?
What are examples of famous curmudgeons ( real or fictional?)
Which are some interesting fictious books?
Will it be possible to travel to fictional places one day, such as a book or show, and interact with the characters? Would those places already exist?
What happened to Ernest before/after the deaths of the other Frankensteins?
If I was going to read one Ayn Rand work (fiction or non-fiction), which work should I read and why?
Is a unappealing to start a mystery novel by showing how the villian is masturbating to news clippings of his crimes?
Science Fiction: What would be some properties of six-dimensional data storage?
What are the most interesting depictions of Asgard or Valhalla in modern fiction?
If Donald Trump was a fictional character, who would he be and why?
Where would Vietnam be today if it wasn't for communism?
What fiction is there originally written in Navajo?
What are some of the best works in fiction?
Do you think 'The Old Curiosity Shop' is realistic?
In science fiction, is it becoming more difficult to imagine the impossible?
How is writing fiction for women different from men?
How is the book 'Swiss Family Robinson' a work of historical fiction?
What are some great fiction novels for 18+ people?
Is India ready for a higher standard of recreational fiction?
Is Charles Dickens overrated?
I am stuck at a point of my fiction. It's been 5 years and I am not able to write further. What should I do to get ideas?
What are some underused fiction ideas?
How many hours a day do you write and how many words do you write per day for fiction?
If you could visit any fictional world, what would it be? Why?
What are the science fictions one needs to read to understand the history and evolution of science fiction?
In the comics & fictional world which is the most powerful villain or adversarial character?
Why do we accept things in a story but not on Quora? I see a lot of questions posted on Quora asking for "the craziest thing that ever happened"
What is this book where two brothers are selling guns at a gun convention?
How can I reach younger audiences if I am writing middle grade fiction books?
Fellow bookworms: what do you make of William T. Vollmann's *Seven Dreams* series (so far)?
Can fiction inspire real life events or is it always the other way around?
Apart from fiction and autobiographies, what else do ghostwriters cover?
What is the worst, most disgusting and gross fan fiction ever written?
Would the below linked prologue appeal to many mystery fiction readers?
What are the best crime fiction blogs in India?
What are some of the most addictive fiction and non-fiction reads?
How do you write realistic dialogue in historical fiction without making references to modern jargon?
Am I the only one who thinks that the Punisher is the best cautionary tale in modern fiction?
What software is best for writing/organizing fiction? I use Dramatica but it is not always user friendly.
What fictional universe would you like to inhabit and what fictional character would you want to interact with?
Can I write both historical fiction and epic fantasy or should I just start in one genre first?
Question that contains assumptions: Why do Christians not let their kids watch/read stories about magic even though it's fiction?
What is your own personal Dystopia?
Is the book "Number the Stars" by Lois Lowry fiction or nonfiction, and why?
Can one use real people sayings in a fictional book?
What are must read books for INTJ in fiction?
Is fiction from books and movies influencing  people  to have high expectations in life?
Does classic literature still appeal to youngsters these days?
In fictional stories, how far is too far?
Which fictional businesses would have the worst Yelp reviews?
Why is most contemporary post-apocalyptic fiction designed for a YA audience?
Is '1984' a science fiction or a political fiction masquerading as a science fiction?
How does a yandere really operate? (fictional examples only)
Can we have a topic for Science Fiction (Books)?
What's the best way to stay on top of critically-acclaimed contemporary fiction releases?
What are the 10 most powerful weapons in fiction and in reality?
What would be a good dinosaur name for different military ranks in writing?
Any good fiction (book/film/TV series) with a significantly stupid yet relatable/enjoyable protagonist?
Would anyone read a book set in a fictional Napoleonic Era?
How do I get an agent for my memoir, autobiographical fiction book?
Science Fiction Writers: What advice could you give a young writer about writing in the Science Fiction genre?
Is the life of Dan Brown in danger because of the revelations he always makes in his novels? Can he write his next book in a safe place?
Are eBooks the best way for new fiction authors to build a following?
Is there a website where someone has made the structure for a fictional world where you can add your features? (companies, places, people) if it fits in?
What distinguishes a piece of amazing science fiction from commercial science fiction?
How do I publish and sell my finished revised fiction novel (250 pages)?
Has Matt LeBlanc ever appeared on "Days of Our Lives" outside of his fictional character on "Friends"?
Suppose there are people that can live up to a thousand years (and have been alive since the 1400s or so). In which ways could they've become rich?
I am thinking to write a political fiction?
Is a work of fiction some how inspired by life?
If you could see one hour into the future at any time you desire, what would you do to improve your life?
Why are all fictional creatures similar to real ones?
What would happen if laputa from guliver's travels existed in real life?
Is the golden era of science fiction over?
Why doesn't anybody care that Maude from "Harold and Maude" steals cars?
What does it mean to be a zerophiliac?
What is a science fiction movie concept you want to see made?
What is the best mythological fiction you read?
How would you describe Stephen King's prose?
What is a good method to come up with fictional names for items in my story?
Which (fictional) characters do you find lovely?
How would you make interactions between fictional characters very personal and very relatable?
What is the best literature/fictional universes that depict a society where everyone is free from fear?
Why are there hardly any significant female characters in Russian Crime Fiction novels?
Fiction: A question for all black magic victims- has black magic affected you in your studies? (Non believers please keep your opinions to yourself)?
What is the story behind your fictional characters "Raj" and "Meera"?
What are the best examples of short (10 000 words max.) fiction in English?
Is there a good book on criminal fiction analysis?
What is the most interesting hypothetical science fiction technology that is feasibly attainable?
Who are some of the most famous fictional characters who suffered trauma as a child?
Is the character Roland Deschain  a pure good character?
I love to write fiction, mostly I write one page or one chapter of a great idea. Afterwards I never finish my ideas. How can I curb this?
What are some of the most imaginative fiction books?
What do I need to know to write good fiction?
Which author writes police procedural fiction better than Ed McBain?
What are some fictional books written by authors known for nonfiction? And vice versa?
Are there names for specific plot development devices? If so, what are they?
What movie or TV show has the most realistic portrayal of a life of crime?
Why and how do so many of Stephen King's novels get converted into movies?
What are some real life stranger-than-fiction stories?
Are there Quora members who do free mentoring work for aspiring fiction writers?
What are some novels/journals/papers that will make you question reality?
Who is the most well-developed fictional character?
Is it possible to say objectively that some works fiction (eg. Heinlein's novels) are qualitatively better than others (eg. the Star Trek series)?
How should I make the title of my fiction novel?
Is it unhealthy for a teenager to have a crush on a fictional character that's a terrible role model?
As a non-American, why does every apocalyptic fiction has Texas and California rising as powerful nations?
Would I get sued for basing a fiction story on the work of a dead person?
What is the coolest fictional military unit of all time?
Who are some of the most famous fictional characters of all time who were shaped by childhood trauma?
How can I get better at self-editing my fiction?
What are some unknown facts about "The Dark Knight Trilogy" directed by Christopher Nolan ?
What is the function of a hero in literary fiction?
What should I know before writing a chapter about woman abuse for a fiction book?
What is the best literature/fictional universes that depict a society where everyone is free from fear, free from work, and free from secrets?
Ca you tell me a creative short fictional story about the number 138?
What is the work of fiction with the most unpredictable plot and why?
What is the most realistic and consistent depiction of a superhero (with superhuman powers) in fiction?
Which (fictional) characters do you admire?
What are fatal flaws in fiction writing?
What're some good fiction books that have life as the central premise and not romance or murder?
Is Clanton, Mississippi a real location? If not, what is it inspired by?
Should I create a plot that revolves around characters or characters that revolve around a plot?
Which would make you smarter: reading textbooks or reading fiction books?
Books: What is the best/most beautiful fictional place you wish existed in reality?
What is a foil character in literary fiction?
What killed serialized fiction?
What are your favorite works of epical historical fiction?
How do I organize a science fiction fan club?
Is it wrong or illegal to call for the killing of a fictional character?
How and why would you do real world, real consequences approach to fictional characters?
What types of practice do I need to do regularly when I want to start writing fiction?
Is Terminator the best science fiction movie series ever?
What are some of the greatest fiction books of the 20th century?
What are the best fiction books for a 17 year old?
What's the best book outside of Anglo-American fiction?
Which science fiction novel looks like the most likely prediction of our future to you?
Are repeated thoughts about a fictional character bad?
Can you write a fictional book that takes place at a an amusement park without violating that company's intellectual property rights?
What is the name of the author/series of historical fiction (?) involving German physicians who were prisoners of war on the Eastern Front?
What nouns are commonly used to describe a character in YA fiction?
What was it like to work w/James Gandolfini as his fictional daughter?
What famous literary characters are known for being "bringers of light"?
Which are some good sites/blogs for writers of fiction?
Which science fiction novel should I try first for time travelling, space, imaginations, etc?
How do you measure distances in your fantasy map?
Is writing romantic historical fiction haram?
Who were the most emotionally mature couple throughout (non-fictional/fictional) history?
Do classics have so many words that are no longer used?
Psychology: Why I feel terrified when I understand how weak I am in comparison with fictional characters?
Where do I publish my web serial?
What are some good one-on-one fight descriptions in books of fiction, with weapons and without?
Law: Why do celebrities have the right to claim their names as self-made brands and not allow them to be placed in other people's fictional work?
How is the theme "Loneliness" portrayed in The Perks of Being a Wallflower?
Can fiction exist in some sort of another type of ''All-Verse"?
What do storms usually symbolize in literary fiction?
What are some books that would make good movies or tv series?
What are some books or online resources where writers can learn about structure in literary fiction?
Is there any work of fiction similar to Borges' proposed The God of the Labyrinth?
Do books like Harry Potter with their fictional stories have the potential to become something like the Bible for religions in the future?
What are some interesting science fiction novels and romantic?
If I want to learn more about world history, what are some fictional books I could read?
What are the Leadership and Life lessons from Christopher Nolan's Batman Trilogy?
Is writing historical fiction haram in Islam?
Are there any anime that has a character that is a princess from a fictional European nation?
Would this make a good dojo in a fictional story?
How did you turn from a fiction reader into a nonfiction reader? What or who converted you?
Do you know of any books (fiction) that deal with the loss of an older adult brother?
Why do I have a crush on a fictional character that is very problematic, with little to no redeeming qualities?
What is the theme of A Sound of Thunder?
In a fiction novel, when the characters speak "The Crown vs Smith", should it be versus or against?
What happens if a professional author "plagiarizes" from a fan fiction derived from his/her own work?
What's a good name for a fictional Vermont small town?
What are some science fiction novels that depict the theme of 'Star Wars'?
Where can I get all range of kids books from beautiful picture books to popular children's fiction at Sydney?
What are some must read fiction novels?
How would you have an magnificent godlike characters who do incredible things?
Why is fiction so fascinating?
Why is Horror considered a speculative fiction?
How can I learn fiction writing by reading the foundation trilogy when I am anxious and it takes a while to read?
What is the greatest work of fiction ever written?
What are some good realistic fiction books for middle schoolers?
Is it advisable to speed read fiction books? The average reader snails through prose at a rate of about 250-300 words per minute.
How do I write a monster roaring in fiction?
Should a fiction writer in training annotate/close read an entire book or just sections of text?
How much of the book "Dongri to Dubai" is fictionalized by the author?
Where can I find a screenplay writer interested in Science Fiction / Fantasy to adapt my novel?
Which is the Best fiction on Indian friendship between a teen guy and girl you have ever read?
What can be done to reduce the gender and diversity gap in Science Fiction writing?
I'm writing a fictional fantasy novel. It has multiple characters (think the cartoon Digimon). Should I add a backstory section and character guide?
How would you stop somebody from using telepathic control?
Can you suggest me a few good books (historical fictions)?
Why do we see very few Indian writers in drama, historical fiction,mystery, thriller,science fiction and non fiction section?
Do psychopaths enjoy reading fiction?
What percent of officers in Nobunaga's Ambition are fictional?
What science fiction abilities can we actually acquire?
What things that were once stuff of science fiction became reality and/or it's part of everyday life?
If Dr. House was a non fictional character, how much would be his annual income?
What is the secret to landing a spot on Bookbub if you are a new Indie fiction author?
What are some good adult fiction works by Roald Dahl?
What is the best written incarnation of the story "The Nutcracker"?
What are some effective ways to dispose of a body?
After dystopian fiction, what's going to be the dominant theme of the next wave of Young Adult fiction?
How do I extract the hidden message in an allegory or parable?
Which job pays for reading fiction books?
When writing fiction, should I use "okay" or "ok"?
Which fiction novel should I read if I am 13?
What are some good science fiction idea that are not yet produced in movie?
As an adult, I want to read fiction, but it feels uncomfortable when I try to comprehend and visualize what is written. How do I better read fiction?
What personifications of the sun is commonly used in literary fiction?
What is the best book in fiction?
Is there any work of science fiction that portrays humans as not special?
What are some good fiction novels that have a Scottish setting?
What are some thriller/horror novels with a rural or mountainous setting?
How do I find bookstores that sell children's historical fiction in the tri-state area?
Can we say that science and fiction form a constant symbiotic relationship?
Is this short prologue piece well written and structured?
Andy Weir: Will you be writing more fictions based on Mars in near future?
How do I avoid being sued for libel when writing a fictionalized account of my life?
Is it seen as rude for a white person to write a fictional story on slavery?
What advance would you expect to get on a non fiction book?
How do fictional magicians find their incantations?
What's the most effective way to promote your first work of fiction to potential publishers?
What is the best imaginary world in entertainment or literature? 
What is the difference between fiction and fact?
What would be the consequences if (theoretically) the heavenly bodies in our universe exist in different shapes with varied and irregular orbits?
Which are some good books/novels I should read before my first interview? (so that I can at least show some knowledge apart from academics and News)
What are science fiction novels that also teach some science or other useful knowledge?
Is science fiction a good medium to educate people about science?
What are examples of fiction which have a scientific spin/background to them?
What is your fictional thinking of what computer software will be in the future?
What are some of the most interesting science fiction books/movies?
How do writers of historical fiction come up with such realistic characters, character traits, events and the effect of events on their characters?
In the Emberverse fictional universe, what caused "The Change"?
Which are some of the best book stores to go to buy fiction in Allahabad?
What is the right definition of "modern fiction/poetry"?
Can writing (fiction and non-fiction) be taught?
Andy Weir: Does Science Fiction have to be about superheroes or apocalyptic scenarios? Why not the life of a normal scientist like legal fiction?
Why is crime fiction so popular even though it's the same story retold in a different way every time?
How can one think of a good fictional story for his/her book/novel?
What book I should read in 2016? (Either non-fiction or fiction.) For a beginner in English ?
Which science fiction novels give an insight on the life as Type 2 or 3 (or even 4) civilizations?
Do writers tend to write from the perspective of a certain gender in most of their work?
As a fiction writer, how can I avoid cliches and what are some that are common in books?
Andy Weir: What sub-genre of science fiction inspires you the most?
How did Robert Harling come up with such unique names for the characters in "Steel Magnolias"?
What is hypertext fiction?
What character fictional or real would be the best talk show host?
How did you find inspiration to make fiction writing?
What are the best space stations in Science Fiction?
Are there instances in fiction or reality where the rich turned out to be kinder and nicer than the poor, and thus breaking the often used stereotype?
What are good books regarding not taking life too seriously and enjoying it ? Fiction/non-fiction but not self-help books.
How can I increase my reading speed? Any techniques or methods I can use? And which books fiction(fantasy)/non-fiction to refer?
Andy Weir: What should a good science fiction story must have?
Noam Chomsky: Is it True that Aryan Invasion in India was the greatest piece of fiction cooked up by Europeans?
Why are poetry and fiction required parts of education, if other forms of art such as music are not? Are they the best way to teach analytical skills?
What are some science fiction concepts which are never used in films?
How do I write a tearful happy ending?
What are the lists of the fictional wars, battles, rebellions, and other forms of conflicts in novels, movies, TV series, video games, etc.?
What is the most awesome name for a character in a work of fiction?
How do I develop an investigation for a Fiction Novel material research?
Why is it that people always tell me not to indulge in too much fiction? What's so wrong with escaping into the world of fiction/
How does the fictional Dante differ from the real-life Dante?
How do I start an epic fantasy fiction novel?
Andy Weir: Do you think "hard" and "mundane" science fiction is harder to write than the more fantastical stuff?
Are there any tips or tricks to suspending your readers' disbelief?
What are some good fiction books on nazism?
If I published a fan fiction online about a real person, could I get in legal trouble?
Will reading Nortons anthology of literature or the Elements of Style make me a better fiction writer?
If an advanced civilization has created us, where are they now? How does their world look like?
Using your imagination what deep meaning can you give to this quote from Chewbacca?
What are the best fan theories you ever heard?
What are the best works of literature with lovecraftian themes?
What are some suitable books for an enthusiastic fantasy reader to get into non-fantasy fiction?
Will Sci-Fi be considered Realistic Fiction once we have the technology, in the future?
Is Harry Turtledove's alternative history fiction too focused on anecdotes? Does this come at the expense of creating engaging plots?
What's the greatest sources of inspiration for creating mafia groups or individuals in fiction?
What are the best entertaining fiction books to read to give a cultural insight into different European countries?
Which are best indian fiction books?
What are some made up things in science fiction and fantasy that turned out to be (close to) true/real?
What light-hearted and optimistic science fiction (audio-) novels (preferably recent) can you recommend?
How can I find typical, Western, fictional/Hollywood TV shows interesting?
Why do people from India read foreign literature?
How common is it for fictional authors to present their fictional universes in a nonlinear fashion?
Some omniversal unfortunate event occurs, whatever it is, and all fiction comes into existence. How can we defeat the beyonders?
What are common mistakes new fiction writers make?
Death comes up a lot in fiction, why don't the other horsemen (War, Famine and Pestilence)?
Who were the most wasted fictional characters?
If Lord of the Rings, Harry Potter or Neuromancer, etc. would also act as textbooks, which relevant real-world topics should they contain?
Why is "To Kill A Mockingbird" by Harper Lee so famous?
What is the most dangerous terrorist organization in fiction?
What are some examples of fictional visual artists in television shows?
Is Jesus real or just another fictional character?
What powerful explanation would you share in a science fiction story to demonstrate how humans can minimize existential threat?
How do I know if my fiction book is good enough or not to be published?
Show vs Tell: can show sometimes be wrong, and when is it right to tell?
Does reading a wide variety of fiction and non-fiction raise your IQ or simply reveal it?
Speculative Fiction: What defines one living thing as a "pet" to another?
Is there any story in which a time traveler attempts to prevent the Holocaust by preventing World War I?
What is the ethics of claiming a work of fiction is based on True Events when it is not?
What's a famous fictional character known for their ugliness? (Or just known to be extremely ugly)
Can I release a fiction ebook at the age of 14?
What are some good books (fiction) that do not have a clear storyline?
What are the most interesting AI in fiction?
Is Dune really the best selling science fiction novel? Does it have any competitors?
What fictional food have you always wanted to try?
Which 5 thriller/mystery novels (fiction/non-fiction) I should read to understand the genre?
What are some books that I should read to develop my overall personality like (intelligence, knowledge, way of thinking etc) If I am a beginner)?
Who is the closest real-life approximation to Manfred Macx in Charles Stross' Accelerando?
Which female fiction character was a good role model?
How is the book 'The Reapers are the Angels' by Alden Bell?
What fictional characters do you like which is either largely ignored or hated, and why?
What is the best fictional book from television?
I like writing fiction but my strength is in non-fiction. Which one should I pursue?
Is Holocaust denial illegal if published within a work of fiction?
How do I accept the imperfections of a good fictional story?
How powerful is a Culture Ship compared to other fictional ships?
Who's the best fictional dog of all time?
What are some of the most reliable ways to evaluate your story ideas?
Is there a famous character real or fiction who is always in pyjamas?
What would be funny consequences if sound traveled faster than light?
How do you become a successful interactive fiction author?
Why isn't there successful Vietnamese historical fiction?
How do magical symbols work in fiction?
What are some science fiction books that can be considered works of art?
Do fiction authors and academics sometimes work together to create novelistic textbooks or educational novels?
Can you suggest some fiction English novels for beginner?
Matt Gallagher: How can fiction usefully address the civilian-military divide?
If you had to choose a non-human animal (real or fictional, extant or extinct) to be killed and/or eaten by, what would it be and why?
What are the top 10 teen fiction novels?
What are some of the best young adult fiction books you have read?
"Play by my rules so that I can better defeat you". What do you think of this phrase? Does it strike a chord with you?
How should I go about developing my idea for a horror story?
Can you suggest me a mystery or a thriller novel for teens? (Just 3-4 titles and fiction/non-fiction/fantasy any of them would do).
How much do the main characters personality, belief and idea reflects that of their creator?
Why do we get attached to fictional characters?
Why do some people with Autism have a hard time understanding fiction novels?
What is the best fictional movie about Angels?
Who is the most sarcastic fictional character ever?
Is the phrase "X takes on a life of itself" a cliché in fiction writing?
What are the best songs by fictional bands?
What are some Great fiction novels of mythologywhich a young adult can read?
Which fictional character would you vote for and why?
How many can review fiction thriller?
If I want to try out Gothic fiction, where should I start?
If I like to write fictional stories and scripts, where can I pitch them to if I have no connections?
What is it like to write science fiction as a scientist?
Which book in fiction work is considered the best?
How many are interested in reviewing a mythology thriller fiction?
Is anyone willing to review a new System of Govt. being worked on by me?
Who is the funniest fictional rock star?
Which non fiction books are interesting, easy to read as well as mind expanding and knowledgeable?
Are there any examples of fiction or film with the premise of a civil war in the modern or near-future US?
What is your favourite plot device?
Did the banning of high technology from the Dune universe limit its impact on popular culture compared to other science fiction works?
How is the book Armada by Ernest Cline?
What are some best books which talk about a logical and imroved educational system, no matter if it's fiction or non fiction(details Below)?
What are the plot devices you would like to see less of?
What is your recommended English fiction book for learning copywriting skills like rhythm and conversational tone?
What are the next big social issues for popular literary fiction to cover?
Andy Weir: As a child or teen did you ever think about writing such a book? Do you think that 'The Martian' is unique compared to other science fiction books?
When is it a depiction of culture in a work of fiction?
Those with psychopathy: Which fictional character would best describe you?
What are some great young adult science fiction novels with male protagonist?
Discworld: According to the novel Small Gods, a God needs believers to be strong. So why in The Colour of Magic is The Lady such a powerful goddess?
Who are some well known Russian science fiction authors?
Can a writer be ever be jailed in USA for writing some kind of fiction?
Who are some good fiction authors for someone who generally prefers reading nonfiction?
At what speed would a man weighing 635 kg and being 1.73 m tall be able to run on water?
Andy Weir: What do you suggest to a young fiction writer?
Why is Olaf Stapledon so under-rated in Science Fiction?
Sabres of Infinity: How are the Baneblooded and Banecasters treated in society?
Do you know any good fictional, or real story based films about memory?
Can you recommend a fiction book with a beautiful relationship in it?
I am very good at making up fictional stories, but I fall back when it comes to writing.What should be my strategy to overcome it?
Can authors use famous people in fiction books?
How competitive is it to write fiction for a living and get published in Canada?
How do we know that our holy books aren't fiction written by writers of that time with a very vivid imagination?
What are the best fictional or non fictional books related to biology and medical stuff?
Which Science Fiction novels are based on the Korean War (1950-53)?
What are some arguments against Anatoly Fomenko's book History: Fiction or Science?
Why does amazon have an option to offer ebook a for free?
What are the best fiction or non-fiction novels I can read to improve my english (vocabs)?
Which fictional character would you take out on a date?
Why is fiction writing traditionally frowned upon in comparison to nonfiction writing?
Which books should I read fiction(fantasy) or non-fiction ? And which one is better and why?
Why do we enjoy being associated with factions or houses in fictional works?
Can you write fiction full time?
Who do you think are American's top ten fictional character heroes?
What are some good fiction books (translated to English) written by Israeli authors about the Mossad?
What is the strangest fictional character you've ever found yourself attracted to?
What traits do smart writers have?
A Song of Ice and Fire (book series): What is GRRM trying to hint (if anything) by the 'growing number of R'hllor's followers'?
Who are some lesser known writers of Young Adult fiction who deserve a look?
Should I show fiction written about an ex to them before publishing?
What is the best serious anime?
Who as per you is the most beautiful living writer?
What are some of the very best books in speculative fiction?
What are some characters with a distinct narrative voice?
What are the best Meetups in New York City for serious writers of fiction?
Do readers typically enjoy fiction over non-fiction?
What if a werewolf-astronaut went to the moon?
Which works of contemporary literary fiction are best rated?
What is the principal difference between literary fiction and genre fiction?
What are some made-up addresses?
What are your favourite young adult science fiction novels written in third person limited pov?
How do I introduce a character into a story (fictional)?
Why are humans so obsessed with non-humans, such as robots or reptilians, in fiction?
Who are some of the fictional superheroes whom we have not even heard of?
Does it ever occur that an author's work takes root so deep in the fans leading them to theories and speculations that go beyond the them? If yes, how does it feel?
What are some best funny conversations between two people? It can be fiction too.
What are examples of all-powerful characters in fiction like Star Trek's Q?
Has wranchi Raja Ayurveera been defeated any time by Mallikarjuna?
Andy Weir: How can I become a fiction writer?
What are some good novels featuring autistic protagonists?
Andy Weir: As a science fiction writer what is your top 5 science fiction books?
What is Mahabharata? Is it just an epic, a fictional story or it is reality?
What is a powerful name of a book that includes a President who suffers but never shows it?
How do I know that the fiction I am writing at the moment is worth publishing or not?
What are some best fiction books for me if I love writing from Rick Riordan, Dan Brown and other unbelievable stories?
What are other names for "shape shifters"?
What are some great mind-blowing books for a fiction fantasy lover?
Which is the best fiction book on political corruption online?
What previous science fiction books and movies inspired Andy Weir in writing The Martian?
What genre would  the memoir of a fictional character while uncluding real people, elements, and events be?
What are some modern and contemporary fiction written in beautiful poetic prose and speaks directly to the reader's soul?
Is the oxygenator in the Martian a real machine now or is that fiction?
What does it take to be a good fiction story writer?
Which are some fictional books that explains business management principles like, The Goal by Eliyahu Goldratt and Veelocity?
What do you think of this romantic short-film,"The Letter"?
Is it alright for an adult to only read fiction?
How can I be better at finishing my short creative fiction?
Science Fiction: Can a person be in two places or in two time periods at the same time?
Does this science fiction theory seem scientifically sound and possible to integrate into a story for a layman to understand?
Time Travel: Are there any good fiction out there where only the antagonist can time-travel?
What is the average royalty and advance payment over the life of an average fiction novel that is published traditionally?
Which are the best fiction/Thriller books to read?
How can I deal with a child who wants to be something fictional, denies that it isn't real, and is neglecting their ability to become anything real?
Who is your favorite atheist character in fiction?
What are the most underrated fiction books?
Andy Weir: What other authors or science fiction books influenced how you wrote the Martian?
Are there any Science Fiction writers who also are fundamental islamists?
Andy Weir: What science fiction novels would you recommend and why?
What is the first use of a "laser gun" in fiction?
Which two villains from any fictional universe would have the best showdown?
Does The Shiva Trilogy hold any literary merit?
Who are some of the best women writers of science fiction?
What are some of the fiction / non fiction books that I can read for CAT 2016?
I'm creating a fictional crime-fighting squad. How many main characters and roles do I need?
What are the advantages of the entertaining stories and fiction?
How much effort should I be putting into naming my characters in my science fiction novel? I find this very time consuming and tedious.
What are some really interesting science fiction books to read?
Which are the most famous (real or fictional) horses in the world?
When making up a character, fictional setting, and etc., do you get an exact image of what it should look like or is it just bits of pieces?
I am learning English. When I read fiction, how can I use the dictionary more efficiently?
Do people remember reading nonfiction books better than they remember reading fiction books?
What are some facts that prove reality is more amazing than fiction?
What are the most fascinating fictional worlds?
Who Marvel Comics: Who wins this fight Ghost Rider (Zarathos) vs Lucifer Morningstar and why?
How do I earn money by writing fiction?
What are your recommendations for Science fiction stories or novels in Tamil?
Can anyone give me some PDFs of some wonderful books?
What are your favorite books (both fiction and non-fiction) that never went mainstream?
Peter Singer: How can I tell that the past isn't a fiction designed to account for the discrepancy between my immediate physical sensations and my state of mind?
What fictional works have a computer scientist as a main character?
What is the largest fictional tree?
What is Kaa the python's role in the new 2016 Jungle Book movie?
Why do so many people think fiction writing is easy? People get you can't paint a masterpiece the first time you try. Why is writing different?
What is a force field? In physics and science fiction?
What techniques have Quorans used to write works of fiction longer than 100 pages?
Rick Yancey: Were you inspired by any work of fiction while writing the 5th wave series?
Lev Grossman: You are a journalist and the writer of fiction. What is your advice for aspiring writers who want to write both genres?
What are fantasy worlds you've created?
What is the present status of quality science fiction in India? And how many of the science fiction writers in India publish in English?
Names and Naming: What is a good name for a selkie?
Would you call a person that does not read fiction but is rather interested in fact based non-fiction uneducated/not intellectual?
What are the core elements of "Old Western" stories and movies?
Reading: Do people often forget fiction more quickly than non-fiction?
Can anyone suggest a high school level-appropriate WWII short story?
How would you rank Robin Hobb's Trilogies?
If you could marry any fictional character from any movie, book, or show, who would it be and why?
What type of fictional dragon is big enough to devour the earth?
For actual professional, or published fiction writers, do you often, or even ever, feel resistance to writing?
Why don't DC and Marvel take more characters from world mythologies?
What is the average lifespan of a fictional work?
What are the top science fiction movies ever?
How do I NOT copy things from other novels?
What are some good auto-biographies to start for someone who is making the transition from fiction to non-fiction?
Has anyone written a story where algorithms are the characters and each one's "personality" explains what the algorithm does?
Why aren't tabloids required to put a label on their magazine indicating that it's fiction? 
Why are there many legends about female-only kingdom, yet not so much (I personally don't know of any) about male-only kingdom?
If you could choose one fictional place to visit. Where would it be and why?
What are some of the best fiction books that will motivate you to become successful?
Art: Why is the message in an artwork so hard to get compared to the message in an ad, when the piece is intended to convey a message?
Creative Writing: What are some of the most standout or unusual characters you've created?
What are some names for a fictional utopian society?
What's the name of the story where a man is killed with cyanide by his daughter in a PA future where the UN offers food in exchange for human corpses?
Are Catholic fiction writers better than Protestant fiction writers, in general?  If so, why?
How true are stories written by people in Quora? Are there any fiction added to it sometimes?
What is the most fictional fact related to death?
What are some of the best tools to use when researching for a fiction novel that is about to be written?
Why is Robinson Crusoe is the first Novel in History of English fiction?
Which are some of the best books falling into the genre of historical fiction?
What is the scope for High Fantasy fiction in India, and why are publishers in the country so hesitant to experiment with the genre?
Why are most fantasies set in medieval era or distant future but not in the present or recent past?
Where can I get advice on electronic "use rights" concerning fiction writing submitted by users on my website?
What are the faster and better methodologies to write a good fictional story book?
What are some science fiction books that have realistically complex planets?
When did the term "speculative fiction" started being used? And is it broader than "science fiction" (albeit less commonly used)?
A friend recommended Frederick Pohl for science fiction reading. Anybody familiar with his work and a book suggestion?
Who are your favorite crime fiction writers?
Is there any other science fiction movie better than intersteller?
Lev Grossman: Which field do you think is ripe for a fiction book to be based in? What do you think about data science?
Can you help me find a science fiction short story about an astronaut floating alone in space?
What is the writing genre called if there's a mix between real stories and fiction?
Where did the idea of using owls, pigeons, ravens, or etc. for mail in fantasy stories come from?
Is it possible (and if so, how) to feel a real emotion toward a fictional character in a fictional space such as a movie, novel, poem, song etc.?
Is there any absurdist fiction in Indonesia?
How best do I name characters of a (fiction) novel?
Is this true for a crime or is this just a work of fiction?
I have committed myself to writing a piece of fiction, to writing everyday, but I am just journaling currently.Will real ideas eventually come?
Vore: What would you do, if you woke up to find yourself a topping the size of a black-bean on a searing hot pizza?
What's another word for a vampire that wasn't born a vampire?
Can someone help me remember the name of this short science fiction story about transmigration into another world?
What are some books I can read to learn more about how to write a fiction novel?
What was the best fiction book you read in the past year?
Lev Grossman: How do you think magic is perceived in fiction in West and East?
Who are the top storytellers in the world currently?
What are some good English books to read (Fiction/ Non Fiction) for a non native English speaker to get into habit of reading?
How do you allocate time between reading novels (fiction/non-fiction) and technical books?
If all fictional worlds are merged into each other who would be the most powerful character and who would do the merging?What plot would develop?
Which are some of the best feminist literary fiction works from Latin America (similar to Isabel Allende's works)?
How do I write about adults and have them make more sense in children's fiction?
How do you tell the difference between truth (that which actually transpired) and compelling fiction?
Are there any fiction writers on Snapchat?
Which alternate fictitious world would you prefer to live in and why?
Why was there almost no sci-fi before 19th century even through scientific revolution had happened much earlier than 19th century?
What plot can you write for a story based on this interesting line -"There was a legend about the well in the garden"?
If I write about false experiences in my life is it fiction or non fiction?
Who's using Medium for fiction author platform building? How?
How do I find fiction and non-fiction discounted book sales in pune?
Why were the gods, in the fictional literature's of India, sent to earth as punishment for their wrongful deeds?
Lev Grossman: What other contemporary fiction/fantasy novels are you reading/would you recommend?
What are some awesome science fiction movies that many people haven't seen?
What is the best advice for a sci-fi/adventure writer trying their hand at contemporary fiction?
Do most villains in fiction believe they're not evil villains, but misunderstood heroes?
What is the meaning of "science fiction fantasy"?
Why are science fiction authors more likely to predict the future than actual scientists?
Fiction: what scenario would yield the military/ government unable to stop an uprising?
What are the best sites for TG comics / fiction?
Which ghostwritten fiction books have gone on to become bestsellers?
Who is your favorite forgotten author(s) of classic science fiction?
What are beliefs a fictional nihilist character could have resulting in them using destructive actions?
I lost the ability to enjoy fiction literature, what should I do?
What are some of the most interesting fictional depictions of the afterlife?
Which are the best historic fiction novels/series?
What are some good books about the South Pacific? Fiction, travelogues, memoirs, etc.
What are the great meaningful stories in 250 characters?
What are some examples of FTL drives in science fiction that do not violate causality?
Rick Yancey: What are the best fiction and non-fiction books you've ever read?
Who are some female psychopaths/sociopaths in literature?
What is the best way to write a WW2 historical fiction story?
Is reading fiction the best way to develop creativity?
Who is the common ancestor of all modern worlds of science fiction?
What would happen if all humans suddenly were to realize that everything about religion is wicked fiction?
Star Wars: Why didn't Luke inherit Anakin's anger issues and tendency for violence?
What are your suggestions for science fiction books on swarm robotics with AI in mind?
Why do I obsess over trashy fictional characters?
What are some fictional characters with teal colored eyes?
Is it possible to form interesting fiction using the facts on your subject book?
Is there a feat a fictional character could perform which would suggest they could survive inside the sun for a length of time (short of the obvious)?
What are the best science fiction novels set in Asia, Africa, or Latin America?
Is artificial gravity a feasible concept, or is it purely science fiction?
Peter Singer: What fictional universes/stories would you say fit closest to what you view as an "ideal society"?
What's a good teen fiction book?
What are classic fiction books somebody interested in literature should read?
How can I find book review bloggers of urban fiction?
What are the best historical fiction books you have ever read?
What are the most important ingredients in a controversial fiction novel?
What famous science fiction novels can you recommend to a newbie?
Which novel (fictional + mythological) do you think are worth reading?
What purpose do chapter titles in fiction serve?
Which are some influential but fictional characters?
Are all the dystopian plots just coincidence? (Hunger Games, Divergent, The Maze Runner series)?
What is a cool superpower that hasn't been explored (in fictional world and reality)?
Is Science Fiction being needlessly sub-divided and categorized?
What are some good names for a fictional high school?
Gillian Anderson: What does it takes to author a science fiction series?
How do you make good storylines for books? Do fiction writers add personal experiences to their books? Do you plan it out?
Can anyone name some awesome mystery fiction books to reward?
What is one of the most beautifully written Science Fiction Novels?
What are some good fiction book series for teens that do not contain inappropriate content?
What is the best Science Fiction novels translated to arabic?
When writing dialogue in fiction, is it stronger to say, "Never forget that he loves you!" or "Remember that he loves you!"?
Why do so many characters in fiction have names that are words?
Where can I find somebody who is a strict follower/scholar of Islam to proof read my upcoming fiction novel for parts that go against Islamic rules?
What is the difference between a feminist female protagonist and just a strong-willed heroine?
Has there ever been a time/event when fictional literature came true in real life?
Gillian Anderson: If you could meet any woman from history or fiction, who would it be and why?
What constitutes "contemporary fiction"?
How about an omniscient narrator that "zooms-in" on a character, then zooms-out to reveal information or focus on another character. Could it work?
Spider Man: Is Gwen Stacy's pregnancy by Norman Osborn the result of sexual assault?
If you had to live in a fictional world, between Harry Potter, Lord of the Rings or Game of Thrones, which would it be?
Can fiction be written on a historical controversy?
Fear, uncertainty, and doubts are preventing me from writing a realistic fiction novel, using some of my own life stories. Any advice on what to do?
How do I create the best female antagonist with a male sidekick in fiction?
What are some great prophecies, written in novels (fiction), and how did they end up turning out?
Why is the male character named Raj in most stories pertaining to India?
What would be a good (fiction) book to read for someone who wants to improve their intermediate level of Spanish?
Are there any good Chemistry science fiction stories besides ; the disappearing spoon, flatland, periodic kingdom and molecules?
Fiction: How difficult would be the enrollment of a magical/alien/supernatural being in a normal high school?
Could future generations somehow forget that the Lord of the Rings novels were fiction and use them as the basis of a new religion?
How does one publish one's novel (fiction) in India?
Would John Green ever write historical fiction?
Are there any books (either fiction or non-fiction) about the medical applications of quantum technology?
What are some non-fiction and fiction about anti-corruption campaigning?
What are the best fictional books to improve one's way of speech and fluency?
What are some good novels based on fighter jets and pilots?
How do I stop reading so much fanfiction?
Is it legal to use a fictional character name as a pseudonym?
What are some things I'll need to consider when creating a fictional language?
As a published YA fiction writer, what are some of the most touching reader/ fan interactions you've had?
Gillian Anderson: How would you compare "The X-Files" with another giant in the Sci-Fi genre, "Fringe"?
Can I name a real company after a fictional company?
Do you like reading fiction?
Gillian Anderson: What do you like to read? Fiction, non-fiction? Do you even have the time?
Gillian Anderson: Which is the best fiction book you have ever read?
What are some well known works of fiction based on mutinies aboard ships?
If friction is not a reaction force, what is the reaction force for fiction?
What is the name of the book where the dragon hunter turned into dragon himself?
How do libraries decide whether a work of fiction belongs in the fiction section or in the literature part of non-fiction?
What are some recommended nonfiction books of special appeal to fiction lovers?
Who is the greatest fictional detective in the history of television?
Where can I publish speculative short fiction?
What fiction/non fiction books should I read to improve my verbal section in cat?
Gillian Anderson: What's your favourite book to read? Fiction and non-fiction.
Hollywood: What is the name of this   crime drama movie that involves searching for a missing person?
How do I develop characters for my first fiction book/novel?
Can I use some brand names in my fiction? If yes, won't it be infringement?
What is more challenging when writing fiction. Dialogue between characters or description of events?
Which books are fictional novels based on companies and employees?
How does it feel to live in a fiction world?
Why do entertainment like novels, movies, and video games become mainstream and not their intermediates like interactive fiction or choose-your-own-adventure games?
What should you put on the back of a fiction book?
Is story more important than the characters in a fiction?
Does one need to understand people on a deep level to write a fiction novel?
What is the size of the target market for a product for creative or fiction writers?
What possible mechanisms could supply the energy for superheroes powers?
What are the best fiction books written by Indian authors?
What are the weirdest weapons in fiction?
Fictional Characters: Who is Jobless Jack?
What were the religions of the peoples of Middle-earth?
Gillian Anderson: If you had the opportunity to magically assume the life of a fictional character that you have played, such as Agent Dana Scully, would you?
When Dexter's brother invited him to share a boys' night, Dexter said in mind “Retro me, Brianus!”. Is it  from some kind of allusions? Or Latin?
Which should be the best hindi fiction book/novel for a beginner?
What are some book ideas that I can write a book with? Fictional ideas or creative non fiction requested
What are some original or unique superpowers that are also not weird (besides the ones in Marvel and DC)?
What are some of the best quotable lines that you have come across while reading books?
How are your experiences with Scrivener for writing fiction? How do you use it to do worldbuilding, revision, outlining, etc?
To write a novel of crime fiction, what key things one has to follow to characterize the plot?
Robert Frost: What are some best space fiction novels you recommend?
Who are your favourite characters from print (text or graphic) and who would you cast to play them in a movie adaptation?
How exactly did the Xenomorph in Alien 3 die? Was it a sudden change in temperature, or something else?
What is it like reading books? What is it like reading huge fiction novels? What is the purpose behind it, other than to pass the time and as an experience?
What will aliens conclude on human being's mission and vision, after observing our recent activities?
What did Peter Drucker want to communicate through his "The Temptation to Do Good"?
If there is one fictional world you can live in, which would that be and why?
What are some science fiction stories that involve a group manipulating evolution over long periods of time?
How do fiction books help improving personality?
Which type of books do you get more value from?
Can you please give me examples of villains who tried to destroy or rule the world because they lose faith in humanity?
Who will be the great (both popular and productive) writer, especially, in fiction, of India in 2020?
For somebody new to reading fiction, what importance should reviews have before buying a book?
Is it IP theft to sell crib notes of non fiction books written by a non author?
Which fictional characters have the birthday of March 14th?
What is a 'Mary Sue'?
How do I create a realistic fiction book about the natural origin and evolution of life on an alien world?
Can the environment of a spaceship ever have earth-like gravity, or will this only ever be the preserve of science fiction TV and film?
Can fictional characters be protected by copyright?
What are some good topics to write a fiction book about? Why?
What are some good works of fiction where archery takes a centre stage? Something a bit more classic than hunger games?
What are some good names for a fictional character who is good at heart, but is afraid of his past because of some wrong things he did?
Do fiction publishers still read paper manuscripts, or is it all done digitally? Which software do they use?
How does fiction work?
What are the best adult fiction books that take place in heaven?
Where can you find snipers in War Z?
What can I do when my family doesn't take my interests seriously?
What is @Julie Prentice's next work of creative fiction?
What is the work used to describe a type of writing in which reality is shown through a fictional story?
Books: What are the qualities of a novel that cause readers to transition from merely enjoying it to realizing they love it?
What are the basis of dialogues in the movies based on true stories and history considering all the conversations of characters are not known to us ?
What are the best mangas that never got a proper anime?
What are some specific strategies that can help me visualize while reading?
Is god fictional?
Who all are willing to read a short, simple and magnetising fiction book which has all the elements of love, pain, inspiration, entertainment & drama?
Which is the best childhood short stories you ever heard?
Who is your favourite fictional historical naval hero; Hornblower, Bolitho, Ramage or Aubrey? Why?
What are some interesting facts about Dan Brown and his books?
What do you guys think of musical fiction? Do you think it's good enough to express a musical composition through a novel?
Will anyone publish my science fiction novel?
What are some of the best mangas that didnt have an adaptation but probably should have got one?
What are some good read-alouds for kindergarteners, fiction or non-fiction, that have to do with space travel?
Why, very often, do many fiction authors use war and international conflict as the backdrop to their novels?
Which popular science fiction books contain cyborgs?
How do you credit a dictionary in a work of fiction?
Why should we read fiction?
Which are the good fiction books to read?
What are the names of different races or beings with special powers/ magic from across fiction, literature and mythology?
Is there such a thing as a "Slice of Life" novel?
Any advice for breaking into the (fiction) editing field?
What are examples of fictional demons?
Who are the best Japanese female science fiction and fantasy writers?
How do I find a good non fiction editor?
Robert Frost: What are your favorite works of fiction about space exploration?
Which American fiction novels have the most accurate portrayals of the American South?
Why are all military or government forces incompetent in fiction?
What is the most creative use of a narrator in a fiction book?
Despite being fictional, how accurate is the lifestyle in the year 1999 portrayed in the film "The Matrix"?
What are some popular fact-based fiction novels for young adults?
What books should a 28 year old, who liked existentialist fiction but now thinks that responsibilities come before questioning life, read?
What are the best fiction books to read in winters? Along with authors?
What are your personal top five works of fiction and how/why/when did they affect you?
Why do many people get emotional during watching movie/ reading movie even it is a fictional?
How important is discipline in fiction writing?
Was 2015 a better year for fiction or nonfiction?
What is the best and worst time to release a fiction book in India, gearing towards the younger generations?
How does syntax affect content in fiction?
What is the best literary description of hell?
Where do people get ideas for realistic fiction books?
What type of computer is best for fiction writing?
Every now and then a fictional person gets let out of prison for being important to some cause, is there any basis for that in reality?
How can I make myself like reading fiction?
What are some explanations scientists and fiction writers have postulated for deja vu?
What do I keep in mind while writing a science fiction novel?
What are some of the coolest creatures created by speculative biology?
What are some of the best original idea in science fiction?
What is the best short superhero story you can come up with?
 Exodus vs Nimrod who wins this fight and why?
What are some good science fiction novels that involve living under a dictatorship?
What is the most commonly used fictional language?
Is sivagami (Sivagamiyin Sabatham) a fictional character?
What are some notable cyborgs in science fiction?
What are some great fiction books with no romance of any kind?
I heard actor kajal aggarwal is into reading fiction novels any body has an idea of her book collection?
What are some really good english books (both fiction and non-fiction) to read?
Is this a good story beginning?
I have challenged myself to read 52 non fiction books in 52 weeks what books do you recommend I read?
Which fiction world do you want to live in?
Marvel gives you the duty of re-writing the graphic novel, Wolverine: The End, what would you do with the story to change it?
Is Maglor alive in The Third Age?
I'd like to write fictional stories. I have some ideas but I don't know to structure them. Where can I start?
Should I read fiction books?
Should I write about a fictional character whom I consider a hero?
What are some examples of demonyms in fiction and literature?
What is the best novel under 200 pages?
How do you feel about characters who exist only to move along a plot point?
What are the greatest inventions from science fiction books?
I have finished my novel. It's a science fiction and I have tried approaching few publishers online but failed. How do you advice I should proceed now?
What are the influences of modern literary fiction?
Are there any fiction books that don't have articulate language but are still very lively and entertaining?
What are some mythological fiction books that I can read?
Where can I find a good fiction ebook marketing expert?
What are some examples of netherworlds that are particularly memorable / creepy in fiction?
What is a novel based on original historical events but a work of fiction called?
How are the ideas flowing in the head of fiction writers whilst they're writing?
What science fiction scenarios could still happen in our lifetimes?
What are some pieces of fiction that could be called science fantasy?
Political science fiction recommendations?
Why does popular fiction have such a short life?
Which fiction novels were popular in the 1960's?
Literature: Is there any fiction novel / long story written around India-Pakistan reunion into Hindustan?
What are the best fiction books for self development?
What are the genres of literary fiction?
What makes moments in fiction emotionally striking, resonant or impactful? How can a writer achieve such powerful emotional impact?
How do you know if the book (or other forms of fiction) you are planning to write isn't already made, like if it has the same plot or setting?
What are some fictional laws created for the sake of a movie or a comic book?
How is Pulp Fiction postmodern?
Which fictional characters are similar to Michael Scott from The Office?
Who are the most influential historical/biographical fiction personalities?
Would it be an interesting challenge for you to produce fiction for digital interactive media?
How does reading fiction make people smarter or more intelligent?
Inviting reviews of : The Einstein Girl by Philip Sington. How did you analyze it?
Is anthropomorphism more prevalent in children's literature or in adult fiction? Why?
Do the majority of fiction writers also write non-fiction?
What are the best works of fiction/novels that make you smarter?
What are some historical fiction books similar to My Name Is Red?
What questions should I ask myself before writing a fictional character?
What is the most beautiful thing you have ever seen or read in fiction? Can be anything from an object to a system to even a concept.
What is the difference between literary fiction and fiction?
What are the common literary elements in literary fiction?
When is it acceptable to change race or gender on fictional characters?
What does literary non fiction mean?
What fiction novels were popular in the 1970's?
What are some vampire fiction books that could inspire feminism?
What are some science fiction books or movies featuring cybernetics?
Which characters from Pulp Fiction are the most memorable?
What are some great fiction books that play in winter?
In terms of "personality" which fictional alien race matches Quora the best?
What makes a character human?
How do some fiction writers write with such wisdom?
How do you build a convincing fictional world?
What are some good books (fiction or non-fiction) that are set in Singapore?
To what extent is a fictional setting subject to copyright restriction?
How do I read fictional books better?
What are some official licensed versions of "The Settlers of Catan" that feature fantasy or science fiction IPs?
Do you prefer short stories or full-length novels?
How much science fiction derived from actual science and how much of it is fantasy?
What do you see as the biggest differences between YA and new adult fiction, and in what areas do they overlap most?
Who is better archer: Bard the Bowman (The Hobbit),Oliver Queen (Arrow/ DC comics), Hawkeye (Avengers/ Marvel comics) or Legolas (Lord of the Rings)?
If you could insert yourself into a fictional universe what would you do?
What are some examples of novels, books etc. with exceptional, unique, groundbreaking approaches to storytelling?
Is there a minimum or maximum words you can write when you have a word limit in a flash fiction?
How does L Ron Hubbard's early fiction writing compare to his writing on Scientology?
What are some cool fictional devices and technology?
What archetype would villains such as Bellatrix (Harry Potter) and Harley Quinn (Batman) be considered?
What is the difference between literary fiction and commercial fiction?
What is the best historical fiction novel in English that I can gift someone?
What are some current movements in literary fiction?
Where should I set a story?
What are publishing companies looking for in fiction writing?
Why most things that are in science fiction novels ultimately become reality? For example H.G wells novels. Do writers foresee times to come?
What do eyes that "betray a fierce intelligence" look like?
What are the themes in Pulp Fiction?
Creative Writing: Is this paragraph well-written for a work of fiction?
Will a literature/literary fiction degree get me anywhere?
Where can I get second hand good non fiction books?
Which are best fictional fairy-tale like hotels in the World?
As shown in some science fiction films, can astronauts really sleep for years and years? Will it be possible in future?
Who is the best fictional spy: Sterling Archer, James Bond, Michael Westen, Jack Ryan, Ethan Hunt, someone else?
Shannon Messenger: Do you read primarily YA fiction yourself? Who are your favorite authors?
What is most colossal entity from any form of fiction?
What are some science fiction novels that portray successful utopias?
Why do some readers prefer Young Adult literature over books meant for more mature audiences?
What are some examples of fictional literary devices?
Are pseudonyms fictional characters?
How much protection does the "characters entirely fictitious" line in a book really provide?
When writing a fiction novel, which is the best order to follow considering worldbuilding, outline, plot planning, map making, etc?
When using magic, do I have to create a word for said magic? 
A utopia that can be proofed as dystopia, is it still a utopia?
I loved the book "Histories of my life" of Giacomo Casanova, but, is true what is told in this book or is fiction?
Is there a fictional story that intelligently parallels with the ISIS problem?
How do I market a fiction - 'political thriller'? Any suggestions to market my novel 'Fizz...'
What are Short-Stories about Thanksgiving?
I want to be a fiction writer.How do you think I should go about it?
How do I make the most OP character in fictional?
What is the best ways for me stop getting addicted to my smartphone and cultivate the habit of reading?
What are some of the best red herrings in fiction?
How would it be if you suddenly realized you were an alien being occupying a human body on Earth?
Why is the technology in Alien 1979 and Alien: Isolation so outdated and complicated?
What are the best domestic fiction books for pre-teens?
Are there any works of fiction that realistically depict how hard it is for most people to actually try and kill someone deliberately?
Is the Vampire the greatest fiction of all?
Who are some famous kleptomaniacs in fiction?
Who has Short fiction they would like to publish?
What are some of the best fiction works concerning Africa?
How did Pulp Fiction change cinema?
Is non-fiction really better than fiction?
Is it right to write historical fiction as sometimes they are given priority over real History?
Could I be too old to become a published fiction writer?
Which villain character will make you sympathetic towards him at the end of the story\movie?
Why aren't gay characters more common in popular fiction?
How prevalent is product placement in fiction today?
What is the name of this fantasy book that involves a pregnant witch?
What is the most ingenious fictional plot?
How far are we from achieving immortality? Will this stay a thing of fiction for this generation?
I can no longer read virtually all forms of fiction without being distracted by other thoughts when I run into textual triggers. It is not due to an attention disorder. Why don't potential images disturb me like textual ones?
How does literary fiction compare to genre fiction?
What are some existential questions asked and explored by works of fiction?
What is a fictional character with the most kills?
I have a good writing talent. I have decided to write a fiction. What kind of stories attracts the indians?
Which fictional universe\franchise has the worst retconning?
What should be kept in mind when writing a children's book as opposed to writing adult fiction?
Which is the best fantasy fiction book you have read by an Indian Author?
Why do you think so many adults are reading YA fiction lately and seem in many cases to prefer it to adult fiction?
What is the scariest book you have ever read? Was it fiction or non fiction?
What is the best historical fiction novel?
Should a fiction writer have a blog?
I am an aspiring fiction writer, where can I publish my work?
How can I aquire greater detail for the characters in my historical fiction writing?
If you could bring one fictional character to life, who would it be? and why?
What are writing techniques for creating fiction short stories?
When writing fiction, what is the best way to reference a character who never interacts with other characters (but whose existence is still critical to the narrative)?
How do evil masterminds plan?
What are the best fiction books about the Moon?
What are the some benefits of reading fiction on daily basis?
How do you create your own universe for a fictional book or fictional book series?
What are some thriller/spy novels that are told in a very rich prose, reading almost like literary fiction?
What are some interesting portrayals of artificial intelligence in fiction?
Should fiction writing be fun?
Which fiction books are most edifying?
Why do you think novels of fiction with dystopic universes are so popular among teen readers?
What are some of the most famous science fiction novels?
What are some good tips for Science Fiction writers?
Short Stories: What are short and simple but impactful stories?
What's your favorite fictional species?
Is anyone interested in reading automotive related horror fiction stories or road stories in general?  Richard Elsliger on Amazon's Kindle
Why isn't 2015 as futuristic as science fiction make it out to be?
How would you want to see romance in a fantasy book? Any tips to achieve that one romance that is convincing and has meaning?
Is there a fiction/non-fiction divide in nerd culture?
What are the best fictional books based on the Illuminati?
Why do I keep dreaming about a fictional character where it connects to real life events?
What are the different fiction genres?
I want to read some German books to improve my German (now B1). What books do you recommend? I enjoy both fiction and non-fiction.
What is the best armor in fiction?
What are some fiction stories about philosophers?
Is it normal to have fictional conversations?
What are the best fiction books to download on wattpad?
Are there any fictional stories regarding the tsunami cloud recently witnessed in Sydney?
What are some characteristics of the genre science fiction?
How can I depict a loss of religious faith for my character in a piece of fiction?
How do I develop deeper appreciation for reading fiction?
I'm looking to get some feedback on my fiction/novel writing website. Would someone please let me know what they think?
Is there a science fiction work where robots achieve sentience and then just become lazy?
What are common characteristics of science fiction novels?
Which are the finest Indian fictional and non fictional books?
Why do real African contemporary fiction writers rarely get traditionally published?
Is there any fiction book written on Indus valley civilization?
My fictional novel takes place at a private college. Can I do that?
What is the largest structure described in science fiction?
Who is the best science fiction author of Latin America?
Why is science fiction important to society?
What are some of the best works of inuit fiction/non fiction that has been translated to english?
If your sole purpose in life is to produce a story like Death Note (only 10 times better) before you die, how should you plan your life long-term?
What are some of the most famous science fiction movies?
How many different writing structures are there when writing fiction?
How can I write a better fan fiction?
How necessary/critical is active voice when writing fiction as well as for online posts (like the ones people publish on LinkedIn for example)?
What is the difference between fiction readers who love fantasy and science fiction and those who don't like these genres at all? I realize that there are also those who like one and not the other.
How do I write a perfect fiction?
How do authors make science fiction believable?
How do people screw up in writing fiction?
I have recently developed a habit of reading books, mostly fiction, and have read almost 50 books in 2 years. But I always find it hard to pick the next book to read. So how to pick up the next book effectively?
How do I find blogs of authors that may be looking for input /knowledge of a particular topic to help them out for their next novel/fiction/non fiction?
If I am starting to read, in what order shall I go : Spirituality, Philosophy, Non-fiction, Fiction?
In a fantastical or mythological world, how would a godlike being live in the sun, sea or the sky, and how are such scenarios addressed in world mythology and/or modern fiction?
Dating and Relationships: What is a good example in fiction (film, literature, television, etc.) of pickup artists and what they do to pick up beautiful women?
What are some good fiction books about the earth's rotation?
English (language): What is the difference between 'fictional' and 'fictitious'?
Why do I care so deeply about fictional characters?
What are the junior spies in 1984 (novel)?
What are the best chat rooms for science fiction writers?
How would Tucker Max or James Altucher market a fiction book?
What works of fiction both long and short form take place in New Orleans?
Do credit cards swiped at supermarket or any other store/machine asks for OTP send to your phone?
Can you name some fiction novels that have father-son relationships and suffering as main themes?
What are the best fiction books that one should read during 20s?
What are some fictional stories about spirit of life?
What are some of the best-looking fictional spaceships ever designed?
What are some of the earliest science fiction books?
Why is Science Fiction popular in USA?
Why is it that contemporary African fiction writers hardly get published?
Do you know couples in fiction who are in love, are more or less faithful to each other, but can not be together for any length of time, because, say, they work for two enemy factions who hate each other?
Who are the best fictional badasses?
What will happen if Hitman is assigned to kill Batman?
What are 3 Reasons you do not read as much fiction as you used to?
How do people feel about the way Stephen King inserted himself as a character into his own Dark Tower series?
How do you source new Young Adult fiction to read?
Do you visualize scenes when reading fiction?
What are some good fiction or fanatsy books that are mysterious and adventurous with a lot of thrill?
What are the best lists to choose fiction books from?
What are the best examples of science fiction for an aspiring writer to use as inspiration?
Can someone write me a sad story?
Which is the best fictional robot combination sequence?
Which fiction books best depict effectiveness applicable to contemporary life?
In vampire fiction, can a half-breed (result of mating between vampire and human) produce babies with a vampire?
What are some books for intellegent philosophical people to enjoy? Can be fiction and non fiction
What are some of your favorite fiction novels?
Who according to you is the best prankster? (Real or Fictional)?
What concepts are taught at fiction writing workshops?
I'm writing a book on fiction. I need some small stories. Where can I find it?
What are the best fiction books of 2015?
What is your review of Void (An anthology)?
How do I find the underlying meaning when reading books?
What are your top 3 favorite real or fictional spaceships?
Do you know any great fiction writers that were also successful in the "real world" (business, normal job, etc)?
On TV shows and movies, assassins often make their own bullets to serve as their signatures. What are some examples of killers who have done this in real life? If it's just a fictional construct, who are the most famous fictional assassins who make their own ammunition?
How did Robinson Crusoe contribute to the genre of realistic fiction?
Why do women tend to fall for fictional characters?
Which famous fictional characters are similar to Tyler Durden?
Which is best fiction to read now?
What are the best fictional portrayals of Stan Lee?
What is the best horror fiction?
Are there any stories where all the characters (including the protagonists) are evil?
What current science fiction writers are most strongly influenced by Gene Roddenberry?
If you heard the words "Middle East" being used in "any" of the Halloween movies, would it bother you?
What books do you recommend about writing fantasy, and about writing fiction in general?
What are some great fictional stories published on Medium.com?
How well do Halo novels measure up as works of fiction?
Why do dragons blow fire instead of something else?
Who are some well-known fictional captains? What makes them memorable?
How are Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction connected?
Am I a Sensitive Young Person because I read fiction?
Which parts of the movie were fact/fiction?
What genre of fiction does Brandon Sanderson write?
In the Island of Dr. Moreau by HG Wells, what do you suppose Montgomery was kicked out of London for?
What was Jagadish Chandra Bose's contribution to science fiction writing?
Is a page and a half too short for a chapter?
What are the best fiction books about California?
What is the most terrifying evil force in science fiction?
What are the best fiction or non fiction books to improve oneself in every way?
Can you give me common 99 character archetypes in western culture fiction?
Does good fiction require a delusional writer?
What are the MBTI types of your favorite couples? (real or fictional)
What are some good "portal fiction" stories?
Does the movie Groundhog Day count as a "Time-Travel" movie?
What about the story line of Raiders of the Lost Ark was so magical?
What are the best nonfiction books of all time? Why?
Should I read nonfiction or fiction? Pros and cons?
What are the best upperintermediate novels?
What are some good science fiction books with space wars, time travel and aliens?
Who are some well-known fictional supervillains?
Is there a formula for plotlines and characters that most popular young adult fiction stories follow?
What are some of Hollywood's most unrealistic demonstrations of human durability?
What are some fiction with great gender/racial/sexual/social representation that you like?
Who according to you are the top 10 greatest fictional characters on TV of all time and why?
Does a name's pronunciation really matter when writing fiction?
International Space Station: Theoretically, would it be possible to build massive capital ships (as seen in space science fiction)?
Was there really a material called Starlite that's able to withstand and insulate from extreme heat?
Which is the set of your favorite novels and why?
What are the three most popular scenarios or themes for Young Adult Fiction today?
What are the movies which went unnoticed could have been a bestseller if it had been made as a fiction book instead?
What are some good fiction based on different cultures?
Why is Divergent considered science fiction?
What are some of the most intelligent Fiction books?
Will humans ever evolve to non-corporeal beings as suggested in some science fiction?
What is the best fiction book written in one of the Slavic languages?
Is there a such thing as "Visual Fanfiction"?
What are some common crime writing mistakes and clichés that annoy you?
How would my fictional medic keep a hostage victim with a GSW alive?
I want to self publish a book that is a satirical fake memoir about a fictional character that someone else created, I will only use first name, will I be in legal trouble?
Who is the most famous fictional dog?
When authors purposefully write bad characters for people to hate in their books, are they not being unfair to the villians who never had a chance?
What themes do science fiction novels with teleportation usually tackle?
How could we communicate with Quolora, Quora in a parallel universe?
What fiction books take place in Haiti?
Why is Batman rich?
I've been on Quora for two days straight including last night. It is keeping me from writing fiction which I seldom attempt but want to do. What should I do?
What are the creepiest science fiction films ever made?
Are the areas of Colorado in Forza Horizons fictional?
Do you know of any good fictional Christian books?
Are there any other works of fiction like the anime Gate: JSDF Fought Here?
What are best 50 books (fiction and non fiction) I should read before I die?
Why do boy/girl twins exist in fiction when it's biologically impossible? Twins can only be one gender.
In fiction, what is a scene and how do you write one?
How has teleportation been portrayed in 20th century science fiction literature?
What is the distribution of values for number of major and minor characters per word/page in common novels?
If James Bond were to ask "Does all of reality exist everywhere?" in Spectre, would you change your behaviour?
Storytelling: If you could create a superhero of Indian origin, then what powers will he/she posses and how will he/she get those powers?
Can you be asexual if you are only attracted to fictional characters?
What is the name of that science fiction movie where a guy dreams for two and a half hours and has conversation with a physics professor etc.?
Can you provide feedback on this book idea/draft of mine?
What are some of the inspirational books about bringing a change in the society and systems? Both fiction and non-fiction suggestions are welcome.
What is the power of "Enraged Manipulation" Wilhelmina Vandom from W.I.T.C.H?
Are there libraries the specialize in a certain genre of fiction? If so how are their collections organized?
Has the ratio of scientist vs. non-scientist science fiction writers changed over the decades? (And has this changed the mood of science fiction?)
What is the most accurate fictional movie set around aviation/airplanes/in-flight drama?
Are vishakanyas for real or it is just fiction?
If you were to rewrite the Bible as a work of fiction, assuming the Bible is fiction, what would you change?
What are some fiction books that discuss the French and Indian War?
What were the most popular science fiction books of 2009?
Is Angel the vampire with a soul a Antihero, hero or both?
Is Anthony Bourdain a good author? What are his fiction books like?
Is there any science fiction movie after which scientist thought about it and worked on the movie theme?
What is the longest work of fiction in english?
What are some popular fictional books or movies that introduced to complicated concepts?
Why do novels and fiction sell more than non fiction?
What are some fictional characters or non-fictional people who are likeable and why?
How did watchmojo get it so wrong putting mostly outright villains in their top 10 movie antiheroes?
How come certain pieces of fiction become "timeless" while other similar works fade into obscurity?
Who have been some notable captains in American fiction?
Aren't the zombies there out of evolution of the old fashioned vampire fiction... some similarities being undead, feasting on the living and sure way of getting rid of them by beheading?
Who is the most popular fictional character in Bangladesh?
Where can I buy used books of fiction or nonfiction online in India?
Is it ethical to change the ending of your favorite story and think as if the original ending doesn't exist (in your mind) instead of accepting the ending the way it is ? Thank you
How does reading novels (fiction) help in getting a job in real life?
What book/s would you recommend if I want to read some literary fiction/thrillers work with a dash of philosophical horror thrown in for seasoning?
I read a lot of fiction novels. Is it a waste of time?
Is there some fiction as unformulaic as Doctor Who?
What books should I read if I want to write fiction?
Is the theatrical version of Halloween: The Curse of Michael Myers one of the greatest movies ever made?
Does reading science fiction improve creative thinking?
Are there any words that have absolutely no legitimacy (i.e. for authenticity in works of fiction, or for accuracy in historical/cultural contexts) and should be banned from public discourse?
Are there any fiction books on entrepreneurship for kids? I am saddened how there are so few, especially for girls.
What are the best mysteries and historical fiction in Bangla with English translations?
Have any fiction authors or writers ever completely switched POV in a revision of a piece?
How are the plots and characters of Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction connected?
What are some of the most intricate movie/novel plots?
What is your list of must-read fiction books?
Are typical citizens of the DC and Marvel Universes aware of life on other planets?
Is there time to read fiction in med school?
Why do some science fiction movies focus more on people rather the monsters?
Hypothetical Scenarios: If you had a dinner party and could invite five fictional characters, who would they be, and why?
Spider-man is my hero and role model. Is it wrong for me to idolize and look up to a fictional character?
What is the process of recording an audio book (fiction or non-fiction)?
Which book/magazine/journal (fiction/non fiction) has had one of the best descriptions of the frozen arctic wilderness that you have read?
What is the best selling fiction book?
What should be the writing style for horror fiction?
What books (fiction or not) did you find to be very engrossing right from the first page?
Is J.K. Rowling going to write more books?
How does Cormier present Francis in his novel Heroes?
Is mythology a brilliant work of fiction or a pressing past?
Where can I find fiction detective synopsis?
Is originality in word choice vital for writing fiction? Can you accidently plagiarize?
What are characteristics of a dark fantasy genre fiction?
Can you recommend a good fiction book about police/detective investigation?
What are some of the earliest works of speculative fiction?
How have the Mad Max movies impacted apocalyptic and post-apocalyptic fiction?
If vigilantes existed in real life like they do in comics, movies, books, fictional media, etc. what real life tactics/techniques, etc. would they use?
What is the difference between external and internal conflict in fiction writing?
Which is the better "end-of-the-world" story, Swan Song by Robert McCammon or The Stand by Steven King?
Fiction: Which movie was the land the elves traveled off into in, in The Lord of the Rings?
What are the best books (fiction and non fiction) about cyber crime?
What are some of your future predictions that seems like science fiction?
What would happen if Chandler Bing met Lord Voldemort?
How did Snape know where Harry was when he placed the sword of Gryffindor in the forest pool? And how did he ensure that Harry would apparate to that particular area?
Is "Vimanika" and "Viman Shastra" a reality or fiction?
What is the best book to read in non fiction category?
What fictional character most profoundly influenced you?
Which part is best in mrityunjay by shivaji sawant?
What are some of the good fiction/non fiction reads for a First year MBA (marketing)?
Who are the manliest real and fictional heroes on the planet?
I was asked to write a crime novel for a well known publisher with great contacts. Should I do it?
Why are Ayn Rand's two books, Atlas Shrugged and The Fountainhead quoted so often by people in the GOP when everyone knows those books are fiction, not history.
Can one write a book on the character of James Bond, or is it copyrighted?
What are the chances a big-time publisher accepts a fiction novel?
What is the best fiction book of the 20th century and why?
Does fiction promote an unscientific perspective on life?
What fiction book you recommend about a man suffering from his own shallowness and longing for higher meaning?
What fiction books revolve around the idea of karma?
What are some best fiction short stories?
Which is the best indian science fiction stories?
I wanna be like fictional character of amy Elliot Dunne of gone girl?
Where can I find a concert date archives, needed for historical fiction novel?
What was Ivan Ilych's illness?
Has any science fiction writer come up with a plausible scenario about how a sapient and fully aquatic form of life might evolve?
How much of Shantaram is fictional?
Novels: Which story outline is suited more to a  literary fiction prose style novel with intentions to enter into a fellowship such as Stegner or Provincetown
If you only have one shot at getting a book published, what would you write about?
Which fictional literary dates do you know?
Can we have fiction writing prompts on Quora?
What is a fiction book that shows the life of a successfull person?
I love to read fiction books. books related to vampires wolf warlocks and everything. which books should I read?
What are the best fiction books involving Protestantism?
Is it okay and/or healthy to read two (fiction) books at the same time?
If Iron Man's reactor powers his suit according to the first Iron Man film, why in Iron Man 3 must it be recharged?
How is reading Fiction different from watching it?
Are Villains aware that destroying the world leaves them with no one to torment and doom themselves?
What's black technology?
What makes for a compelling fictional rivalry?
What are the best blogs by fiction writers?
Which are some of the most bad-ass fictional female characters in movies?
What are all the mistakes in The Flash?
What part of the movie Talvar is fact and what part is fiction?
How do I write a script for a novel / movie / games?
I have created a blog where I post the short sci-fi stories that I'm writing. How do I find my first readers? Where can I submit my stories?
When studying the craft of writing, is time better spent reading works of fiction or works about fiction?
What should I do to become a science fiction writer?
Why does "Avatar: The Last Airbender" have such a big fanbase?
How do you separate fact from fiction in regards to the Salem Witch Trials?
Which fictional characters do people say you remind them of?
I barely ever read fiction books and I think that's a problem. What are some that changed your life?
What science fiction has a good solution for fighting air pollution?
What are some good sci-fi/fiction books with real facts?
My fiction book is getting launched next month. How do I increase the engagement for it on Quora?
What did Danny Devito have to do with Pulp Fiction?
Anthropologist Kathy Reichs based the TV show Bones on her life and work. How much 'fiction' is added to the Fox series?
If vigilantes existed in real life like they do in comics, movies, books, fictional media, etc. what real life equipment would they use?
What tragic characters in literature do not actually possess a tragic flaw? What tragic characters fall from grace through fate, and not through any inadequacy on their part?
When is it a good idea to have characters speak in full on accents in written fiction?
2014-2015 : Which book from the genre of contemporary fiction has changed the way you think and the way you live?
What, exactly, separates horror from other forms of fiction?
What are the exact words of Hannah Baker on cassette tape one?
What is the first known work of fiction created in the written or print form?
Is there any fictional character which Elon Musk relates to?
Is there any good crime fiction involving dancing?
What are the trade-offs of using different points of view in fiction writing?
What is your favourite prediction of future tech in science fiction film or tv and why?
I am going to write an e-book. Will I have better sales with a non-fiction or fiction book given the current market?
Is time travel just fiction or possibilty of upcoming future?
Who are some most evil villains in fiction and what's their most evil lines?
Who inspired the fictional character Meredith Grey?
What are some Science Fiction themes and tropes?
What is the difference between fiction stories & religious stories (e.g. NT, Quran)?
Why does the majority of science fiction seem to be dystopian and pessimistic?
So many tv series end long before the story is finished as the creators intended.  Is there any good way to hear/find out what the rest of the story would have been like?
What are some of the masterpieces of fiction written in the last decade?
Intellectual Property Law: What makes the distinction between fan fiction and plagiarism, from a legal standpoint?
Is all fiction writing consciously or unconsciously a search for God?
Benjamin "Ben" Linus was a very manipulative fictional character on the ABC television series Lost. What are the other examples like him in the literature?
Is there a scientific reason to why cyclops beams the plasma off eyes without hurting himself? How does the energy get converted?
Where can I buy or get access to quality book summaries (fiction, non fiction, business books)?
Why is Frankenstein considered to be one of the first science fiction novels?
Who are the fictional beings that defend your Country?
Which is the most widely read fiction genre?
What are some science fiction stories where a medication and computer technology (Artificial Intelligence / App / Game / Sensor / Virtual Reality / Etc) is used together to treat or manage a health issue?
What are some examples of novels and books that are fictionalized accounts of the lives of real people?
How is The Most Dangerous Game commercial fiction?
Top fiction books for engineering students?
What it feels to read fiction for the first time?
Have you found the CliFi (climate fiction) genre a useful way for understanding climate change?  A partial list: The Climate Web
What are serious real/fictional stories about con artists and/or maybe titles of novels concerning them?
Where can you find The Black Dagger Brotherhood fan fiction?
I have to buy fiction novels for my students of Grade 11 & 12. Can I get some recommendations?
What is the bagpipe tune used in Monty Python's Science Fiction sketch?
What are some historical fiction/non-fiction books would you highly recommend to read?
What are some interesting crime/detective stories apart from the ones written by Agatha Christie and Sir Arthur Conan Doyle?
What are the best fiction books about the human condition?
What are some of the best sites to download free e books fiction books?
Why can't the Middle East exist in the "Halloween" films?
What are some of the worst catchphrases used by fictional characters?
If one has a science fiction story in mind like "inception" what is the best way to note it down?
What are the best nonfiction books about Protestantism?
Is it dangerous to read fiction to small children?
Who are some fictional female lawyers?
Which is your favorite Tenali Rama story?
Is there any science fiction book available about a type 3 civilization?
"Anchor" propulsion (see the details for a full explanation of the question), would that be possible?
What are some good books (be it fiction or non fiction) on Chinese and Russian mafia?
Are fiction authors making any difference to the world?
What are some good science fiction books for teenagers?
Why are there so many more MtF fiction than FtM?
Anyone who knew technology (in real life / future or in science fiction) that is equal to "Hoi Poi Capsules"?
For writing fiction, how could I realistically describe a gun, its components, the process of cleaning it, shooting out of it and reloading it, considering my tiny amount of knowledge comes from movies?
What are the best historical fiction books about the U.S. Civil War?
How can one get more involved in reading fiction and how to create a more enriched reading experience?
What some fictional books, stories or movies, for which logical or intelligent reasoning is a dominant element at play, like Sherlock Holmes?
How do I expand higher arc ideas in an interesting manner?
How can a fiction author build their author platform without feeling completely overwhelmed?
How can I distinguish a "manic pixie dream girl" from a just "really cheerful and cute girl"?
What are some fiction books with a Don Draper / Harvey Specter type of guy in there as the main character?
Do libraries in IIT's have books only for academics and research or does it have general fiction, non-fiction also?
Why don't you ever (presumably) read non-fiction?
Is there concrete evidence to prove that ISIS is not a work of fiction?
Why do powerful wizards often have long beards in literature and movies?
What fiction works include fictional depictions of Cicero?
What are some examples that show an impact of science fiction stories in reality?
How do I become interested in science fiction?
How would you describe Moshe the Beadle in "Night" by Elie Wiesel?
I have been addicted to fictional world for a long time (TV dramas mostly).How can I get out of it?
If you could live in any fictional world (literature, movie/shows, comic books, etc.), what would it be?
What is your favorite animated cartoon/fictional character? Why is it your favorite?
What are the best fiction novels you have read? What's so unique about them?
How true are the practices illustrated in "Starry Nights" by Shobha De?
What are the best books (fiction/non-fiction) I can gift my teachers on this Teachers' Day?
What do you do when you explore dark and difficult ideas in themes?
Is that of the "Hero's Journey" a downward-spiraling mindset?
Is erotic fiction a growing industry?
What is fictionalized in Straight Outta Compton?
What science fiction books build a plot around the relationship between two inhabited planets in the same solar system?
Is fiction completely different from pure reality?
What would be the worst fictional universe to live in?
Are there any publishers that publish supernatural fictional stories?
What is your review of Twilight (2008 movie)?
What is the metasphere in the Hyperion Cantos science fiction book series?
What are some fiction, short stories involving mental illness?
How can I as a new screenwriter improve my pitch, projects and presence?
Is being a reader or writer of fictional books (e.g. paranormal things) against Christian belief? Does it mean that one has sinned for believing in something not told in the Bible?
Are there any people remaining who understand Tolkien's fictional linguistics as well as the professor himself did?
Have there been any books (fiction or non-fiction) written totally in Esperanto?
In plausible fiction, what could cause many in future generations to be rendered infertile?
Is there a fictional work that doesn't shy away from beautifully depicting human psychology, be it good or bad?
Which are good nonfiction books related to the world's arms industry?
Which is the most horrible fiction novel?
I have authored my first book, which is an upcoming fiction book with a unique and captivating storyline. I want to make it a revolution because I firmly believe in the messages I am conveying through the book. How do I reach out to the maximum amount of people globally?
What methods might future historians use to determine that the records we have about individuals such as Bruce Wayne (Batman) and Peter Parker (Spider-Man), among many others, are entirely fictional, and not the wildly exaggerated exploits of actual people?
What are some common characteristics of best selling (fiction) books?
What is special about nicholas sparks's writing in the "wedding"?
What are some WW1 historical fiction books with a gay main character? [Details below]
What does "the clock struck 13" mean?
What are some of the greatest overlooked and relatively unknown works of literary fiction?
What makes a fiction or novel impossible to resist turning the next page?
How do I explain an anthropomorphic shark to have a male and a female reproductive system?
Are there Asian or other non-Eurocentric equivalents to the cosmic-horror (or Lovecraftian horror) fiction genre?
Can the title "A Song of Ice and Fire" be related to Eddard Stark's sword "Ice"?
Is reading the news (from reputed sources like the WSJ or the NYT) comparable to reading literary fiction/nonfiction?
What are the biggest scientific mistakes made in science fiction Hollywood films?
Are gravitons present or are they just science fiction? Is gravity a force or an effect?
I am reading "Double Whammy" by Carl Hiassen. The protagonist is a photographer and there are some interesting details about photography. What other fiction books or series feature photographers with good details about photography?
Fiction: In a tag team of brains and brawns, who will be a better duo: Chacha Chaudhary and Nagraj or Sherlock and Daredevil?
What is a list of young adult fiction novels?
Who are some fictional characters who die as a result of trying to redeem themselves?
What are some good cautionary tales about the hazards of making wishes?
Which of these fictional characters is the coolest?
I have interest in fiction, history, autobiography, adventure. Which are best books as per these categories?
Is Sector 16 from the Yuma Flats fact or fiction?
Was there a reason beyond coincidence that the books "Gates of Fire" and "300", both depicting the epic retelling of a 2000 year old battle, were written in 1998?
What is more fun, answering a fictional question or a non-fictional one?
Where can I purchase wholesale books (fiction/non-fiction) in India?
Does Kamarottu village really exist or is it simply fictional?
What real life companies have been based on fiction?
For films/series set in a real city, does it also reflect real landmarks of that city?
What system of plot variations (7 basic plot types, 36 dramatic situations, etc.) is most widely accepted by fiction writers and why?
Does reading books make me smarter even if I only read fiction?
Writers: Fiction: How do you write?
What are nonfiction books?
Which are your favorite FICTION and NON-FICTION Books? Why?
How can you identify the rising action of a piece of fiction?
Where can I find "Wise and Otherwise" by Sudha Murthy in Hindi?
If the Terminator kicked Superman in the balls, would it hurt him?
I am looking for the author or name of a science fiction story I read as a teenager. Does anyone have any ideas?
Can anyone recommend a good fiction book set in industrial age London?
What novels and non-fiction books are good for grade 8?
For you, what elements make a good sci-fi film/book/show/video game?
Who are the most noteworthy prose stylists in the English language, in fiction and non-fiction?
What is the most popular fiction book?
Are there any good fictional books and/or movies about American colonial rule in the Philippines?
I want to write a novel about India during the Partition, but I have little historical knowledge about the details during that time. How can I write an effective historical fiction novel?
Which is the best Tamil pulp fiction book?
What is your favorite science fiction cross-over concept?
How would one go about creating a sense of mystery and foreboding in a work of fiction?
What are the benefits of static characters in fiction?
In the Twilight movie series, what does each eye color for the vampires represent?
Can anybody earn a living by writing fiction in India?
What are good fiction books for entrepreneurs?
Why are aliens in science fiction movies more powerful than us and attack us?
How would you describe a fictional setting?
What is a summary of Vampire Kisses?
How do I come up with flexible names, that'd work well for both a weak farmer and a powerful dragon-slayer, e.g., for novels and books?
Good war historical fiction?
Why and how should I connect with other fiction writers?
In writing my science fiction book, is it sufficient to describe various material properties as the result of exotic matter spewing itself from the collision of two neutron stars?
Would you review our 2nd short film "RaKhILL with Charles Saldanah"?
What are some really good fiction or nonfiction books?
What is the Indian fiction category?
What's an example of a flat character?
What do you want to see more of in fiction/novels?
Lost book scenario: The man has a problem, whatever he dreams become reality. He comes to psychotherapist who then uses his "powers" with good intention (i.e. to "change the world for good"), but whatever he does goes in a wrong, unexpected direction...?
What fictional character not from The Wheel of Time would make a great Warder?
I'm looking for science fiction novels. What could be a sub genre like space time, dimensions, aliens, higher intelligence, etc.?
In what way does fiction help you more than a non-fictional read?
Are there any good science fiction novels concerning the ever increasing entropy and the eventual heat death of the universe?
What's a description of a hero from science fiction?
What would be some Pulitzer Prize winning fiction and non-fiction books for a young adult?
How do you determine if a fiction book is a work of genius?
Why do I prefer fictional characters over real people?
How would you explain the ending of the movie "The One I Love"?
What are the best fictional books for a teenager?
What is the most original piece of fiction writing to have emerged from the last 50 years?
What are some examples in fiction of an omnipresent narrator?
What books in fiction come to mind where a main character is a narcissist?
What are the names of the greatest foreign language science fiction films besides Solaris and la jete?
Is there a market for Hindi fiction today?
Who are some of the greatest iconic Heroines from all types of fiction?
Why can't we integrate irreversible fiction?
What are some examples of works of fiction that depict internal bickering in the face of a greater and imminent danger?
How can I adjust to the "frequency" of an ACT reading passage faster?
How common is it for people to write fiction novels with a coauthor?
What's the theme of "Those Winter Sundays" by Robert Hayden?
How much do literary fiction writers like Joyce Carol Oates and Philip Roth earn?
Phone numbers like 1-xxx-555-01xx are reserved for fiction, but what about 1-555-xxx-xxxx?
For a fan of the Culture series, what would your science fiction recommendation be?
Why are there so few black spies?
What are the best science fiction books written since 2000? Who are the best authors?
What is the best scene for you in the series of Harry Potter book which was not included in the movie?
What are some good bestseller novels for me to read?
Does fiction mean real or fake?
What is the ideal word count for a young-adult fiction?
What are the self-published e-book genres (fiction and non-fiction) that sell best on the Amazon Kindle store?
What are the best crime fiction books to read?
What are good fictional books that take place in the Midwest?
If you could serve in any historical or fictional army which one would you choose?
Why are dynamic characters better than static ones?
What should we know about the trend behind books in recent years by different authors named "The Girl Who..."?
How is external conflict created in fiction writing?
What is the most heartbreaking romance you've encountered?
Is there any detective fiction in which the criminal is tried at the end, rather than revealing themselves or confessing?
What are some fictional books that take place in Michigan?
What are some of the best thriller fiction novels?
What is the best way to write a series of seasonal fiction novel?
What kind of e-book genre sells the best and fastest on Amazon, in both the fiction and non-fiction category?
Who are your favorite characters/figures from mythology?
What is the most powerful space navy in all of fiction?
Which is the most lethal poison in fictions and comics?
Can somebody explain Pulp Fiction to me?
What works and/or authors would you suggest in introducing someone to transgressive fiction?
How can I distinguish low quality fiction from high quality fiction?
Have there been any truly amazing Marathi books in the fiction category in the last 10 years? If no, why not?
Science Fiction (genre): Is it true that this universe is multi-dimensional and all our lives are just a simulation? Or am I just crazy to be asking this?
How can an author best avoid being heavy-handed or preachy in their handling of any conscious and intentional themes/morals/messages in their fiction?
What is design fiction?
How do the seven Horcruxes appear in Harry Potter?
Which are some of the best fiction books?
How would you explain how Charlotte's character changes from lady passenger to "Mr. Doyle"? And how would you use examples from the text to describe this change in her?
What fictional characters were inspiration for each of Bond's villains?
Why is The Refuge by Theo Magnus hard to put down?
What does Jules' monologue try to accomplish in the hamburger scene of Pulp Fiction?
What authors did the best job combining literary fiction and genre fiction?
How do I get my hands on the Book of Stars series (Quadehar the Sorcerer, Mystery of Lord Sha) in India?
Which works of fiction provide the best exploration of the mood in post-WWII Britian?
Can a thesis be dedicated to a fictional character?
What are the best websites or methods to discover new fantasy fiction series or authors?
Who are the top 5-10 most confident movie characters?
When is it correct to capitalize the name of a species or fictional race?
How can we get documentaries to become as popular as fictions in terms of audience?
What is Dan Brown currently working on?
What are the science fiction movie names?
What is the definition of a plot in a story?
Is the movie Unfriended real?
I am not a huge fan of fanfiction. What are some suggestions?
Has the movie Wing Commander (1999) made any significant influences on science fiction media?
How many fictional characters fought at Khe Sanh?
Why don't I enjoy fiction?
What are the prominent themes in contemporary Pakistani fiction?
Does making main characters of the opposite gender have a psychological meaning?
What are examples of internal conflict in fiction?
What are the top 10 books (fiction/literature) recommended to read?
What are some good books for 40-year-olds (both fiction and nonfiction categories)?
What are some Islam themed fiction religious novels?
What are the different Star Wars Galaxy professions?
What is the name of the book where the main character uses a .357 magnum?
If I want to be a better fiction writer, should I start drinking?
What are some tips for coming up with fictional royal names?
What are some recommendations of good fiction romance books?
Why did Tolkien decide to end the Fellowship of the Ring where he did?
In fiction are there any interesting examples of an author changing from 3rd person to 1st person narration, or vice-versa?
How many of my valuable readers are interested in reading a fiction book with a unique story like never before?
How can a movie editor make a character appear fictional?
Why do I care about what happens to a fictional character?
Are there any similarities between fiction and reality?
What untold story about being a woman in science would you like to see expressed through fiction?
Do you have any advice for publishing a science fiction novel while one is in grad school?
What are some examples of static characters?
Can you please give reviews about cover of my book Confused Life Of a Confused Man?
What are some good dark fantasy books?
At what point does nonfiction tip over into fiction?
What is a lemon fanfic?
Who are the most important Western writers of the 21st century (fiction/nonfiction)?
Which major aspirational fictional characters do not engage in illegal/immoral activities?
How is popular fiction different from literature?
What are some of the coolest full names, fictional or real?
What is the checklist to creating a great fictional character?
I want to watch a science fiction movie. Which one should I watch?
How do you write a closing paragraph to a fiction novel?
What are good examples of a short-story that includes in-depth character backstory?
What is a list of fictional sports teams from television shows and movies?
Which novels (fiction or non-fiction) make us feel proud as Indians?
How can you tell if a piece of fiction has literary merit?
What is the difference between a static and a dynamic character in fiction?
How are plot and theme related in literature and writing?
What are some quotes that truly define a character's persona?
Who are the best expressive, concise and creative authors?
Is Michael Crichton's book, "Travels", a work of fiction or autobiographical?
How important is a high working memory for people who write timeless fictional work?
Can you still make a decent living writing fiction books?
Are there any fiction novels with unique formats?
What are some examples of effective use on internal conflict in fictional characters?
Are there any good science fiction writers in India?
What are the best communities for beginning fiction writers?
What is a good way of coming up with names for fictional places?
What are the most well known conventions for science fiction?
What was Ray Bradbury's inspiration for the mechanic hound in Farenheit 451?
I'm going on a one-week holiday. I want to catch up with my reading. What are some really good books (fiction and nonfiction) I should read?
What are some famous fictional frogs?
What are the main literary aspects that let some books (fiction) to be adapted into the televised media (as movies, TV series or documentaries) while other great books do not?
What is the definition of contemporary fiction?
What are the influences of 1984 (a famous fiction by George Orwell) on China?
I'm self-publishing. How do I know what's the right pricing of a fiction book?
Which are the must read books for a 23 year old Indian guy who has recently developed a passion for books?
What does it mean when you constantly dream about a fictional character?
What are some good examples of science fiction leading to actual technological developments?
Who would win between Trigon vs. Dormammu? And why?
Who are the worst leaders in literature?
Why do I read non-fiction books more slowly than fiction?
What are the subtitles of famous literary books if any?
What is the most famous work of fiction ever?
Is the idea of conscious machines just science fiction?
Who are the most famous literary female secret agents?
Fiction: What are some of the most extravagant theories you've heard from friends about the origin of life or the universe?
How do writers of multiple installment book series plan the plot from the start to end?
Is the Bible a work of fiction?
Is there a contact address for JK Rowling?
I don't seem to believe in reading fiction, but Quora enders me to like fiction. What is a good book that can be great to start with?
Is the story of the Telugu classic movie 'Mayabazar' real or a work of fiction?
What are the best fictional movies from all over the world?
What does the ending of Strangerland (2015) mean?
Is it a good idea to include illustrations into a fiction book?
If there is a fight between Bahubali and Krish, who would win? Why?
What are some of the most interesting buildings in fiction?
Why is it that all supeheroes' parents are dead?
How do reading books affect our real lives? I have read a lot of fiction and non fiction books and I recently started reading books on psychology but I don't feel any change inside of me. Is there something wrong with me?
What do you think of my method of improving non-fiction writing 1000%?
What is first person limited point of view?
What should I read after The Witcher book series if I want to stay in the same kind of fiction?
Do people name their children Donald and Mickey?
Why are there so few mixed race couples in fiction? Is it a reflection of reality?
What are the basics to write a fictional story?
What are some character traits for a fictional scientist that would make that person an enjoyable protagonist?
How can I identify this fiction book about a magician?
What things should one keep in mind while writing a fiction for the first time?
I am writing a story for a class about a woman who needs a man's sperm without him knowing. She is a criminal with no scruples. How can this be feasible?
Which are some of the best developed characters and settings in literature?
I feel like I compare myself to fictional characters too much. I find it hard to watch movies for this reason. I used to just watch and enjoy them, but now I constantly compare my life to the characters and what it would be to live theirs. How can I stop this?
Writers, what fictional characters from any entertainment mediums have inspired you to make similar ones?
How do I add custom fictional fonts/characters to a Memrise course?
Who does Dormammu torment if he destroys all humans on Marvel Earth 616?
What are some of the best books written about stoics (fiction or non-fiction)?
Where can I buy used French fiction books online?
What are some potential ramifications of healing potions/magic, stimpaks, Wolverine-style regeneration, nanotech and other means of accelerated healing seen in games and other fiction?
I am a new writer who wrote a dramatic non-fiction novel. Do I have a chance to be on the top of the Amazon bestseller list?
What are some things fiction often/consistently gets wrong which could fairly easily be acknowledged, deconstructed/reconstructed, or otherwise done right/better (without becoming a great diversion or a central focus of the work)?
Do fiction authors ever work together in teams or groups to write a novel?
How should one approach reading other author's work in order to learn something from them?
Why do people like imagining hypothetical battles between Harry Potter and other fictional characters?
What elements of the James Bond series would prove that it was a pulp-fiction?
Cricket (sport): How do you compare cricketers with Marvel and DC comic characters?
What real life person or fictional character fits the following description and portrays each trait the best?
Why was there a Bible verse scene in Pulp Fiction?
What is some fiction that you like (books, shows, comics, video games, etc.) about studying at colleges?
Why are some people getting upset that Atticus Finch, a completely fictional character in "To Kill a Mockingbird", is now a racist in the book's sequel?
Is Samuel Delany the James Joyce of today? In terms of command of english language/prose/style?
Why do many theorists of conspiracy fiction fail to mention The Illuminatus Trilogy in their writings considering the fact that it is generally considered to be the definitive work of 20th century conspiracy Fiction?
How do I understand Hemingway's works better?
How do I make sure that the fantasy fiction story that I am wondering about or going to write is a fresh idea and hasn't been written or filmed?
What is the summary of Frank O'Connor's My Oedipus Complex?
What is really going on with Lady Mellario?
How can parents help a teenager from nonstop fiction reading and movie watching?
What are the different benefits of reading fiction in comparison to non-fiction?
What is the future of writing fiction?
What is trade fiction?
How can realistic physics add drama to a science fiction story?
Are there any publishing house editors (fiction) based out of Bangalore?
Do Americans accept Indian fiction writers easily? What are the chances of popularity of a modern horror/romantic Indian novel in the West?
What sort of a storyline do you like your movies/books/TV series/any other related media to have; a realistic storyline or a supernatural one?
I really want to read some fiery revolutionary rhetoric, preferably anarchist fiction or non fiction, more focus on the language than the ideas. What are some suggestions on this?
Are the market wizards real or fiction?
Is there any fiction literature that seems like combination of Dickens and cyberpunk?
I am a big fan of reading and reading self-help books / theories / concepts even the newspaper, but I just can't keep my eyes hooked in a novel. Why should I read a storybook? Should I read a novel?
If you read too much fiction can you lose your grip on actual reality?
What is the role of a title character in fiction?
Which are some novels in literary fiction which have an undertone of poetry?
What is the difference between fiction and fantasy?
What is the story of Da Vinci's demons?
What is "South of the Border, West of the Sun" by Haruki Murakami about?
Who are the Twilight Peoples in The Colour of Magic by Terry Pratchett?
While reading translated Scandinavian novels, I have often noticed references to American movies, politics (past and present) and even the everyday way of life. Are these subjects familiar to the people of these countries to be mentioned in their fiction?
Why are we so attracted to fantasy and science fiction?
I'm really interested in short story fiction. I want to enter some competitions. Should I focus on my writing and see whether I can condense (if necessary) my stories for the competitions? Should I write new material specifically for the competitions?
I like reading fantasy or fiction books. What good books do you recommend?
Is reading fantasy fiction a waste of time as an adult, as compared to non-fiction?
Why do people seek logical explanations in fictitious worlds?
What fiction books do not get the math quite right?
What are the basics of creating a fantasy world?
What are some literary agents (interested in fiction writing) based out of Bangalore?
Why do we romanticize villains and monsters?
Tommy Gavin of the tv show Rescue Me was guilty of rape so why did Dennis and others of the crew tell viewers that it wasnt rape?
What is the name of the children's science fiction novel about a crew of a tank in a post-apocalyptic world where there is a Federal States of Europe (FSE)?
Which science fiction authors use Patreon to support their writing?
What are some interesting fiction books available?
Are nighttime dream make believe?
What are some of the most interesting fictional economies?
Which are some non-fiction books that can help improve one's knowledge and thinking?
What is the particular literary or historical reason why so many successful fantasy series contain exactly seven volumes (e.g. "The Dark Tower" series, the "Harry Potter" books, and "A Song of Ice and Fire")? Is this simply a coincidence?
Career Advice: Should I try writing fiction?
Writing Advice: Why do some humans need to write fiction?
Which are the best young adult fiction books by Indian authors?
Is it worth it to spend time reading fiction books?
How common is it for fiction writers to have a previous work of fiction/non-fiction that they overwhelmingly can cite from memory?
If fictional characters were real, who would be the most sarcastic of them?
Using a robot, the size of a golf ball, what would be the most effective way to kill a terrorist?
Can I read novels when in class 10?
Am I off to a good start with my novel?
Am I in love with these fictional characters?
What new technologies or issues that has yet to be explored in science fiction?
Is there a real Batman?
What is the name of the science fiction novel that involves an octopus traveling through space?
What do people from various professions think about the corresponding works of fiction relating to their profession?
Why do people form such strong bonds with fictional characters and stories?
Is it true that watching movies negatively affects one's ability to read fiction?
What is the best fiction book about life?
What are some good intellectual fiction books to bring on a West Coast road trip?
Which are some famous fictional and non-fictional novels with easy vocabulary?
In a battle between fiction and reality (movies), who might win (in terms of critical appraise and box office)?
How does Maurice Druon's "Accursed Kings" series compare, in terms of style, flow and format, to "A Song of Ice and Fire?"
How do I respond to someone who says fictions are time-wasting entertainment while asking me, "do you know ways I can find interpretations of life"?
I am a young literature PhD student. Thus, my daily routine revolves around academic writing. I would like to write fiction in my (little) free time, though. If I wrote fiction in my early mornings, I'd have no neurons left for academic writing later. How can I lead a "double writing life"?
Why are Chetan Bhagat's books so monotonous and not versatile? Why are they only about romantic fiction and nothing else?
Where can you find summaries on the story The Feather Pillow?
I have read 100 books (genre fiction) this year. Where can I brag about this?
What is the setting of The Most Dangerous Game?
Why are most of the books in fiction stories set around the mid 20th century?
How does one create a truly hateful villain?
I like to read more non-fiction books than fiction books. Does it mean I lack imagination or creativity?
What are the best Indian books (fiction) published in this decade?
Novels can be referred to as fiction, plays as drama, poems as poetry. Is there a singular noun for essays?
Is it plagiarism if I include a popular fictional character in my story?
What are some true stories that make fiction look rather pretentious and boring?
Who is your favourite fictional scientist?
Is Mushishi science fiction?
Is it better to read fictional books or non-fictional books? Which one do you mostly read?
What is The City of Mirrors by Justin Cronin about?
What would be the story of a fictional character who grows up to rule the world in modern times?
If Vibranium really existed, where would it fit in the periodic table?
Literary Analysis and Criticism: How do I become a better interpreter of literature?
Was James Bond fighting for protecting the whole UK or England only?
What was the last fiction story you read (such as a book) /heard (such as an audible book) /saw (such as in a play/film) that changed, on a fundamental level, how you understand the world you live in and how did it change your understanding?
What is the nature of the modern novel? What should it include? What are some bad examples, also? And what characterizations seem thoughtful? Who are the best fiction authors?
Why isn't there any serial killer or psychological thriller fiction in the Indian market? If there is, what are they?
What is a great contemporary short fiction story?
What is your favorite Travis McGee quote?
What contribution does fiction make to society?
Should I quit my routine of writing fiction daily?
Name the last fiction book you've read, and the fiction book you're reading now. Why did you choose them? What did you learn from them?
Which fictional books raise some interesting philosophical and existential questions without being especially demanding to read?
Who has the easier job, the hero or the villain?
What are some good books (fiction) with stories including data, software and similar?
Is it true that nobody besides Lily, James, Sirius and Wormtail knew that the Potters decided to ask Wormtail to be the secretkeeper instead of Sirius?
What are some good fiction novels or an interesting autobiography for a medium level reader?
What's the worst book that's ever won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction?
If you could bring to life a fictional character from a famous movie saga, who would he/she/it be?
What are the best science fiction novels in 2015?
Are there some famous retailers in fiction?
What are some excellent science fiction stories?
In what scenario would mechs be a practical/realistic alternative to modern weapons?
What are the sets for Legend of the Five Rings?
Creative Writing: How do I write a long and boring fictional story and actually complete it?
What publishers are most likely to be most interested in publishing historical fiction?
Are video game lores more detailed than works of fiction in books or movies?
How did the concept of a cape on a superhero originate and become so popular?
What are some works of fiction, mainly books or films, where the characters are non-anthropomorphic and non-humans?
Does being Aspie make it harder to feel emotionally attached to characters in fiction?
What would a pyromaniac have to do in order take over the world or country today?
Do you think this speech of an evil novel character is understandable and well written (Note: Not for sensitive readers)?
What are great novels with a plot of "an immensely gifted person in a school for gifted persons?"
How many fiction books do you as a fiction writer read in a year?
What are some great sci-fi books that have a real basis in science?
Why should I read science fiction?
What do these sentences from The Tunnel mean?
What light novels are available in English?
Who are the top fictional detectives of all time?
Why do women read more fiction than men?
Why am I always fascinated by father and son plots in drama, fiction and film?
Which are the most popular & best selling 'mythological fiction' books in India?
Has anyone used the "donate" button on Tumblr blogs?
What was the reason for the battle of Hogwarts?
How do celebrities and politicians recover their careers after public failures that can haunt them for life? Are there any good books - fiction/ non-fiction on this subject?
What are the best character questionnaires, meant to help me better understand my fictional characters?
What is the most over-hyped novel of the last century?
For an aspiring fiction writer, does being extremely well-read carry with it any danger of a loss of originality?
Who are some of the most morally upright characters in fantasy fiction?
Which fictional characters are narcissistic and materialistic sociopaths?
What are the best books (fiction) published in this decade?
Is this flag offensive?
As an author, is erotica the most profitable type of fiction to write?
Which persons, fictional or/and real, are the best examples of a mature personality?
In a duel between Hollywood's and Bollywood's fictional characters, who would win?
What is a name of a story that in the end, the reader finds out it is a lie?
Why do some people prefer fiction over non-fiction?
How do websites that pay for flash fiction earn themselves?
For years we have fled our imagination on the fairy tales that gradually gave birth to stereotypes, class discrimination, and showcased damsels in distress. What is a modern day fairy tale which has characters who are like you but still have an element of miracle?
I'm new to reading and I'm interested in real stuff rather than fiction. What are some suggestions for me?
What is the difference between fiction and a novel?
Which fictional character do you identify with?
Ghost Rider (Johnny Blaze) vs Exodus: Who wins this fight and why?
How could Captain Cold only believe in shades of grey morality when some things are black and white?
As an experiment, if you are sent back in time to England in the 1500s and are allowed to bring three items back with you, each weighing less than 20 kgs, what do you bring and what is your plan once you arrive?
Why does Thanos of Ultimate Marvel want to rule the world?
Is the story of Chetan Bhagat fictional?
How long did it take to write the novel 'The Little Prince'?
Does DBZ Crossover ever use archived fan fiction to influence the DBZ series? If so, how are fans compensated?
Is there any proof that Necropolis exists as in Angels and Demons by Dan Brown?
What are good reasons for a fictional character to be evil?
What are the best life-changing must read fiction books?
Which are the all-time top 10 best short-story collections in English?
What are the books in order in the Forgotten Realms series?
What is it like being a manuscript editor for fiction?
Marvel Comics: Who would win in a fight: Ghost Rider or Venom (Eddie Brock)? Why?
What would be a suggestion of a good quality, reasonable price, online website for a purchase of quality books, science/fiction/non-fiction?
What is Wreck-It Ralph's BMI?
What fan fiction does DreamScene write?
What are some of the best fiction books to start my journey of becoming an avid reader?
What is your review of Feluda (fictional private investigator) written by Indian Bengali film director and writer Satyajit Ray?
What are the funniest fiction and non-fiction books that you have ever read?
What happens if a teenager studies fiction non stop?
How does a motif support a theme?
Which modern science fiction novels today are most like the classic science fiction of the 50s?
Is the Nomex Survival Suit a real product, or just a fictional device?
Why do I hate fiction novels?
Which fictional characters could successfully steal The TARDIS from The Doctor?
I want to write better and more inspirational science fiction novels than the great Vernor Vinge. What should I do?
Are Catholic monks permitted to pursue fiction writing, or is that an activity precluded by their vows and monastic vocation?
What are some of the must-read fiction books for teenagers?
Do older people find it harder (or easier) to feel emotionally attached to characters in fiction?
What are the best fiction books that I should read to improve my prose?
Is truth stranger than fiction?
Will biotechnology create artificial mutants/monsters like in Power Rangers and other science fiction stuff in the future using genetic engineering?
Acknowledging the young adult fiction trend in pop culture, are there any exceptions that act as a counterweight to all of the blatant borrowing of ideas, characters, and plots prevalent in virtually all of these stories?
What was the experience that got you into reading?
Who wins the battle of Hogwarts?
What is better, a mildly abstract or surreal novel?
What (fiction or non-fiction) books are written in English that look like modern spoken language (short sentences)?
Do Max and Fang kiss in Maximum Ride?
Should I spend most of my time reading fiction, non-fiction, or online articles to become wiser and more knowledgeable?
What are some fiction books where the main characters are really good at their jobs/what they do?
What techniques are used to not get overwhelmed with taking a plot idea and turning it into a novel?
What was your favourite literary fiction work published in the last 10 years?
Do you strangely envy all those emotionless dystopias in fiction?
In science fiction, what are the differences between Arcologies and floating cities?
Do you agree with Bob Gottlieb, former editor of The New Yorker, that "there are no undiscovered geniuses toiling away in the hinterlands"?
Why is WWII more focused on in both fiction and nonfiction historical novels than WWI?
What fictional character resembles Trump the most accurately?
Has any work of fiction, or alternative history, ever been written, postulating the legal prosecution of Hitler at the Nuremberg trials?
Who are your favorite/favourite fictional character/s? Why?
Which are some fictional characters that actually resemble any person in the world?
How much creative license can be allowed in a historical film before it's considered fictional?
Are there any great historical novels or modern non-fiction narratives dealing with ancient Israel?
What are some examples of unusual or counter-intuitive, fictional deities/pantheons?
Is there a fictional killer based on H. H. Holmes?
If you could control any “element” or “force,” what would it be?
What stories prove that "truth is stranger than fiction"?
If you had total control over one fictional character for a day, which would it be?
Has the Internet been good for authors of fiction, in terms of their development or success?
What are some of the places to pitch/submit stories for a neophyte author (fiction or nonfiction)?
Which science fiction you want to happen in real life?
What is the dominant philosophy in classic fiction?
Is it easier for first time writers to get published with fiction or non-fiction material?
How do I find and commission a fiction writer?
Based on your personality, what fictional character would you get along with the most?
What's the name of the fictional city 13 Reasons Why take place?
Which are your top 5 books (fiction or nonfiction) for 2016-17? Please support your recommendation with reasons.
Which contemporary science fiction author writes the most like Michael Crichton?
What battle in ASOIAF previous to Aegon's Conquest would you want to read about in detail? Pick one from Essos and one from Westeros if you’d like.
What is the best relationship you've ever had with a fictional woman?
Why do people find fictional villains so attractive?
Who are the richest fictional TV characters?
Where is the line between YA and Adult Fantasy fiction drawn?
Would writing a book (fiction or fantasy) be a good idea for a teenager (under 18), as the media would promote it more?
In terms of content, what differentiates religion from fiction?
What is the last fiction book or film you'd want turned into an opera?
Writing Fiction: Is there any kind of society or 'imagined society' that has people given rations based on a social level?
I wish to understand fiction writing. What good book or novel should I read to get an idea?
What is a fictional novel or movie set in a historical setting that is accurate, entertaining, informative and yet relatively easy to understand?
Which are some good crime fictions based in Texas/Louisiana?
Does a woman take the edge off of fictional characters, as in Dexter, for example?
What are a few clear 'purposes' of fictional or real individuals?
What makes the world of The Witch Who Came in from the Cold different from other fictional worlds?
Why is growth so important for fictional characters since in real life so many people just do not grow whatever happens?
What are two science fiction movies deserved to be seen?
Guys, do you have any fiction books about Opium Wars in PDF you can share with me?
What are your favorite fan fiction AUs (alternate universe)?
Do fiction writers often edit the wiki of their books?
I have a story idea, but I'm not a fiction writer. I just want to read it. Can I just publicly write the idea for any author that wants to take it?
If you could pick one fictional vehicle to be your daily driver, what would it be?
What are some good names for a fictional heaven?
Which fictional character do you find most inspiring, and why?
Would you read a dark science fiction novel based in India?
What is the best month to release science fiction?
How do companies feel when trademarks become fictional characters? For example, the rejuvenated Gap Dragon in Xanth was named Stanley Steamer by Ivy.
What fictional baddie would you most like to be?
I recently went to a bookstore and was disappointed with the fiction selection. Can anyone recommend good contemporary literary fiction?
What is the best, most in-character, and most emotionally provocative piece of fan fiction you have ever read?
What fictional city in the DC universe would you most like to live in? Why?
How should I start writing fiction?
Is it true that today, commercial fiction is bland garbage, while only some innovative literature will be remembered as classics in the future?
(Detailed answers please.) What would you think the everyday life of the (objectively) most stunning and beautiful woman in the universe would be like?
Is Malcolm Gladwell the greatest fiction (not a typo) writer of all time?
What are some good fictional or non-fictional philosophical novels about life, relationships, and human nature?
Which science fiction stories have directly presaged actual inventions?
How do contemporary fiction authors deal with new technology like conversation via text or Snapchat when writing?
Is Pixel a bad name, and, if so, what are some similar but better alternatives?
What is the first novel that got you interested in fiction?
What fictional work has the coolest designs for its space ships?
What is your fictional desire?
What is the most powerful fictional government of any medium?
Which one is better when writing fiction, "I'm” or “I am"?
Why do so many fiction writers choose either magic or modern technology in their worlds? Why do people see it as oil and water?
Are there any American fiction novels of any kind that have settings taking place not in the United States but rather else where?
You can go into one fictional universe of your choosing. What would your role be in this world, and how would it affect the characters and plot?
How did your journey as a fictional writer started?
How do I learn to write good fiction?
Would a murderer still be tried even if the murder was completely wiped from their memory?
Can someone help me come up with a title for my fan fiction?
Can you name some interesting and the best fictional and non fictional novels?
Which books should I read if I love fiction?
What are the ways to get popular in the writing business online? (I write fiction.)
How can I get blue fiction on Quora?
Are there any historical science fiction books?
Why is it that in most works of fiction (i.e. films and written fiction), the protagonists are somewhere between 8 and 48 years old?
What fictional government is most evil?
Why can't fictional characters be real?
How do you define a space opera as opposed to other forms of science fiction?
Are less and less people reading fiction books for fun?
Why are human beings addicted to fiction?
Which For Dummies book is best for advice on writing fiction?
Which magazines accept unsolicited fiction submissions?
Are there any dystopias in fiction you strangely envy?
What are some great monologues from science fiction literature dealing with utopia or futurist concepts?
What is a posh, classy sounding city name?
In dystopian fiction, why do the regimes get initial support?
Would you introduce your own fictional character like Sherlock Holmes? What would his role be and what would you like him to do in your stories?
What is the worst thing that can happen to a man?
Is it good to write fiction in today's world?
What would be a future (science fiction or otherwise) fastest mode of ground transportation?
Which fictional world would you be the most terrified to wake up in, and why?
What is the greatest non-fictional siege?
Fictional detectives always seem to have criminal archnemeses. Have there been any real-life examples of this, or is it just in fiction?
How can I sell my fictional and non fictional articles? If blogs buy articles, do they publish the author's name?
Is science a fiction?
Are there any sympathetic narcissistic fictional characters?
What are space fiction books in Kannada?
What are the elements of a good fictional story that both critics and general audiences enjoy?
What are the best novels with science fiction and humor?
What famous stories allude to other famous stories?
If you could build one thing, anything from your imagination, even if it’s science fiction, what would it be? Why?
How do I get my book (fiction) reviewed without compromising the ownership rights? The book is still in soft copy.
Who are the various writers of apocalyptic fiction set in the Victorian age?
What is fanfiction? Also, can you explain the meaning of fandom?
How can you add dark atmosphere to a fictional story?
Which fiction book would you recommend someone to read?
Could our universe be fictional?
I have an idea for a fan-made fiction. How do I approach the original authors with my idea? And should I?
What will be the plot for a science fiction novel or movie of the year 2300 or later?
In what ways do fictional stories influence our behavior?
What type of passion is required for clearing CA final?
What are some titles for a fictional stoner television show?
How do I form the demonyms of fictional planets and cities in Dutch?
Is there a trend of pop fiction in Kannada literature?
What are your favorite fiction novels, novellas or short stories that you recommend to others?
What themes in fiction do people want to read about today?
What film TV show/book that you have watched/read had the best structure and plot?
How do I successfully add suspense to my fiction?
Where can I read flash fictions?
Lacking inspiration, can readable, interesting fiction be created using only the mechanical rules?
What fiction do you recommend I read? (Check description.)
Is science fiction going to be science reality?
The lightsaber is the coolest fictional weapon ever. How do you create a cool weapon like this for the fictional world?
Could you name science fiction writers from outside the Anglosphere?
Are the incidents described on Quora answers real or just fictional stories?
Is there any book that narrates the emotions of a person who sabotaged his own relationship, life?
What is the one fictional book you cannot do without?
Is Captain America's shield the strongest in all of fiction?
What are some examples of themes and topics in that are not discussed in literary fiction but should be?
How do I show the world in 2060 in a novel I'm writing, which is not science fiction? The novel is about human emotions, but I need to show it in 2060.
What fictional books can I apply psychoanalytic criticism to?
In fiction writing, is it okay to write a villain character who will turn out to be a hero later on?
What are some pointers and tips for writing convincing, authentic bipolar characters in fiction?
What if alternate universes are created from fictional stories we make?
What if the fictional character Slender Man existed?
When writing fiction, is it appropriate to tell the plot through dialogue?
What are some spells to become a fairy in fiction?
Why does one need to read a fiction book?
What is the fictional address of Gafoor Ka Dosth?
Can you recommend some good fiction books with the action taking place in Miami?
Does reading fiction really affect and help in fostering students of English vocabulary in writing?
How does one get skilled at writing fiction, and how did you learn to write?
What exactly is "interactive fiction" and how does it engage people?
For the purposes of fiction, can you imagine a brilliant scientist carrying out an entire particle collider experiment alone, with no support team?
What are some good examples of real life and fictional conflict to learn from for good storytelling?
Are you entertained more by the real world or by fiction? Are people in general inclined to favor one over the other?
Which fictional weapons can become real? The idea can be from movies, comics, or novels.
Is there a term for a work of fiction that criticizes itself?
A supernatural portal opens up and gives you the once in a life time chance to join any fictional universe. There's no turning back. Do you do it?
How is writing science fiction different from writing other kinds of fiction?
What are some young adult fiction novels with a Freudian Trio?
What are some of the best fiction books of all time?
Which non-academic fiction books would Awdhesh Singh suggest that are related to bureaucracy?
In novels, can a character have multiple foils?
What are the coolest alien species in fiction?
What blogging platform is the best for sharing writing? I am keen to write and share fiction stories.
Why do extraterrestrial and fantasy races in fiction tend to have considerably longer lifetimes than humans do?
If you could marry a fictional character, who would it be?
Where can I find fiction novels at a cheaper rate in Delhi?
Can fictional books and/or TV series develop a sense of self esteem?
How do you write a non-fictional (biographical) novel with conversations that are true to what happened?
What is the worst piece of fiction you have written?
Is there any scope for a career in writing pocket fiction?
What is a nasciturus fiction or rule, and when is it put into practice?
Do you believe that death is just a fiction?
If you were to create a fictional character of your own (besides Sherlock, ofcourse), what would it look like?
Why is Robinson Crusoe regarded as marking the beginning of realistic fiction?
Where did this fiction come from that Sarah Palin is stupid? I know elections are important to Democrats, but it's bullying to write off people like this.
If you could have any fictional spaceship, along with its whole crew, which ship would you want?
What is women fiction?
What are your favorite books, from the political fiction genre?
Do publishers prefer crime novels set in fictional towns/boroughs (legally speaking)?
Can I trademark the title of my fiction novel series?
Who is your favourite fiction writer? Why?
What are some of the best novels which can be made into a movie like Bahubali in India?
What are some good fiction books based in Bangalore?
What is the best way to find Christian fiction readers?
What kinds of Indian books do you like to read in terms of genre? Does India have a great fictional fantasy book?
Which books have you read more than 2 times?
What would happen if all comics characters, beside Deadpool, found out that they are just fictional creations? Was there ever written story like this?
How do I write a science fiction book without making it sound unreal?
What are some of the challenges of writing contemporary fiction today that weren't an issue ten years ago?
Why do so few fan fiction readers ever offer commentary and critiques when this is meant to be the whole point?
What is fiction and nonfiction writing?
How would you complete this science fiction story?
What are some good fiction books that explore the emotions of separation, loneliness and longing?
Why is there a fictional nation of Sauville in Gosick series?
Which are some of the best science fiction stories of all time?
Did you ever get inspired by a fictional novel and set out to write your own?
Should I feel immature for liking and reading young adult fiction books, despite my being an adult? If so, should I read more “mature” books?
Are there science fiction movies/books/games with only theoretically possible technologies?
What do you think about the book Great Again: The Fight for Freedom?
Can any fictional super hero be real?
Why should I ever read fiction if I can find interesting and more than enough non-fiction materials?
Is the one-year course in Fiction Direction from FAMU Prague a good course?
Does something like a mesh armor really exist, or is it fiction?
Are sleeper agents fiction?
What are best medieval history fiction books?
I'm a rising junior. How can I improve my fiction writing before the end of high school?
If you can hang out with any fictional character for 24 hours, who would you pick and why?
A science fiction story I read years ago had the final line "To ask a good question, you must almost know the answer." Is this true?
Are there any fictional social justice warriors or SJWs?
What are some reputed Hindi fiction publishers in India and what are their email addresses?
What would happen if Dumbledore was straight?
How many of you really believe in god like it’s something supernatural?
Are original characters in a fan fiction better than canon characters?
Is it okay to write a fictional story with yourself as a character?
What are some books on comparative mythology?
How would the public react to a fiction book that has justified (not really) terrorism or terrorism that tries to be justified?
Which is the most popular Chinese fiction in English readers?
Is there any 80s or earlier science book (not science fiction) which 'predicted' that video calling would one day become an everyday phenomenon?
Speculative fiction in general: Is there a difference between "dimension" and "plane of existence"?
Do authors receive any success by spreading their written work or being active on Medium?
What is the best prose fiction book that you have read?
What's the oddest way you've been introduced to a work of fiction you ended up loving?
What makes an amazing writer?
What interesting things should contain in a movie (for a fictional story)?
What's a really good young adult fiction book I should read?
Is Aristotle a fictional or real person?
What is some fiction/literature that appeals to those prone to schadenfreude?
What are the best novels in the action, comedy, and fiction categories?
What is the best way to set mood in a story without just describing surroundings?
Do you read more non-fiction books, or more fiction books?
What are my chances of making a living off of rapping and writing fiction?
Where would I best find a consultant on the Galileo mission to Jupiter if I needed one for a (semi-fictional) novel?
What's your experience with horror fiction? Have you ever written anything in this genre?
What separates popular amateur fiction from unknown amateur fiction, even when both groups have "bad" writing?
How important is it to read fiction if you want to become a fiction author?
If you could have dinner with any real or fictional character, who would it be and why?
What are fiction books that take place in Scotland?
How do I work more goals and payoffs into my paranormal fantasy novel?
How hard can it be writing your first novel that is fictional? Especially getting the motivation that keeps going off fast?
Why does reference to 'books' often default to 'fiction books' and skip 'non-fiction'?
Are there any fantasy (or just fictional) worlds with a flat Earth ?
Can a math-oriented person become a fiction writer?
Who do you think is the best fictional writer?
What should every aspiring interactive fiction creator/writer know about interactive fiction?
If you could create your own fictional political party, what would it be?
Can an author write about a science-fictional war of America vs. England in the future? Do you think the states would get offended?
Which is your fave suspense thriller fiction novel? Mine is “Gone Girl”.
Why do real life battles last longer than fictional battles?
It started as a coping mechanism for anxiety, but now I very often have fictional characters talking to me and interacting in my head. What do I do?
(Spoilers welcome) Who are some narcissistic characters in literary fiction? Specifically cite detailed examples and titles of books.
Are we all characters in a piece of fiction?
Who is the greatest fictional war strategist of all time?
I’m planning to set up a story in America even though I haven't visited there. How can I research about the localities?
Could you suggest some fictional and non fictional novels that are helpful to improve English and aren’t boring?
How can science be used in science fiction?
Can you suggest me some good fiction books to read?
Which fiction books by women writers should one read before they die and why?
Where can I submit my flash fiction and get paid?
How is the backdrop setting established in a horror fiction?
Is Ralph Wiggum the most powerful being that has ever been created in fiction?
Can I have some fiction book recommendations which does not involve romance and horror elements?
How would you design your own fictional vampires?
What are all the known spells and their uses from the whole Harry Potter series?
How difficult is it for fiction writers to determine proper dialogues for various characters that consistently differentiate their personalities?
How did your journey as a fiction writer​ start?
How do contemporary fiction authors today avoid having current technology and tech communication trends fatally date the shelf life of their books?
Is science fiction becoming more mainstream?
What is novum in science fiction?
What non-human fictional being would you have sex with?
Would youlike to help me write my fan fiction?
What fantasy race would you want to be real?
How is this for a first science fiction-superhero novel- Nova Academy, by Scott Olen Reid?
Do you think the genre of Film Noir could be reborn (or rebooted) especially as a vehicle for science fiction? (Think Heinlein, Asimov, Doc Smith)
What if real life physics were applied to your favorite fictional character?
What are some ethical issues with fan fiction?
What are the best books to read? Fiction or non-fiction.
When science fiction stories talk about alien technology being made of an unknown "element," shouldn't it really be an unknown alloy or compound?
How can fictional characters, like Macbeth, inform our behavior in the 21st century?
Which small publishers specialize in literary fiction?
What do you think would be the mentality of a 3,118 year old immortal man?
Why do some people think Sansa betraying Jon is out of the question just because they're family?
Do you know where your towel is?
If you could save any fictional character, whom would you save?
Your profile picture meets your favorite fictional character. What happens?
Were Romeo and Juliet wrong to disobey their families by continuing to see one another and did they get what they deserved in the end?
What do you think about identifying as a fictional character to cope?
What does ‘canon’ mean in “Harry Potter”?
What is a science fiction lover’s worst nightmare?
Is it bad to have unrealistic characters in fiction?
When writing a novel, when is it good to write in the past tense, and when is it not?
What is the full list of fictional AI assistants?
What's the most realistic way to get your two main characters to meet for the first time in a fiction story?
Excluding Rhaegar, which Targaryen ancestors does Jon Snow most resemble in terms of personality?
When is Dominique Weasleys birthday? I’m writing some fan fiction and it would be really helpful if I knew this.
Is reading fictional novels important to life? How, and why?
If you ever needed to consult or retain a detective, which fictional American detective would you approach--Continental Op, Marlowe, or Donald Lam?
Am I the only one who doesn’t cry when there is a really dramatic death in a piece of fiction?
What famous fictional (animated, comic, even superhero) character is a real health nut?
Is there any Greek magazine that writes science fiction short stories?
Why are people so obsessed with the "classics" in regard to fiction? Is it a way of validating their intelligence?
What is the best of Godfather fan fiction?
What 3 pieces of advice would you give to a person who wants to do fiction writing?
Who are some of the best fiction or non-fiction characters with mustaches or goat tees?
Has your fiction writing ever been hampered by a lengthy outline?
Does reading really help change us in a big way?
Will fiction writers still be able to make a living off of writing in the next 10 years?
Who are some English authors who use the most complicated and difficult-to-understand words in their books or poetry?
Is all fiction either historical or science fiction?
What are some touching and uplifting fiction books about the human spirit and it's goodness?
Which fiction book caused you to cry the most?
What are some of the types of weapons, vehicles, and tools in a Steampunk setting?
Is the Ramayana epic fact or fiction?
Why am I not allowed to like a fictional character if they are a bad person?
I got a science fiction book, where can I get it edited and published?
If you were allowed to kill one fictional character, which one would it be?
What​ are some fictional stories that you have created with other people?
Is a wormhole real or fiction?
What would happen without fiction novels?
Can you aid me in my search for a character look-alike?
How come Western movies focus on different aspects like science fiction, war, and why most of the Indian films lack such different perspective?
What is dark fantasy genre?
What science fiction story contains mind relocated into another body?
Who is the Indian Sherlock Holmes, fictional or non-fictional?
What is the best sentence you can think of to finish a Science-fiction story?
What books or movies are about the romantic relationship/friendship between scientist and artist?
A Song of Ice and Fire (book series): Why was Jon Snow betrayed?
Who are the best indie writers in literary fiction?
Why is mystery fiction better than science fiction?
What are some good stories on "Evil allures but God endures"?
As a writer of fiction, do you always write with scene goals in mind? Do you think every scene needs to have conflict?
What are three fictional books that one can’t put down without completing?
Who are you most envious of—real or fictional—and why?
How important is naming in fiction?
Who are some of the weak female characters in fantasy fiction?
How strange would the first name Pixel be in medieval times for a fictional story?
Is there a fan fiction where Bruce and Clark are a couple?
Why would someone like only realistic fiction books?
Which work of fiction best explore China as the only new and only superpower?
Who should I cosplay as?
I'm writing a parody of all the YA fiction cliches out there. What are some ideas?
Which fictional game character would you enlist in your personal army and why?
What are the top ten fiction books you would suggest an avid book lover to read?
Is it unhealthy to enjoy Mary Sue fiction?
Which are the best "latest" science fiction movies?
What era in history of Essos (Ghis, Valyria, etc.) corresponds to the Age of Heroes of Westeros?
What houses have aligned with Jon at the end of season 6?
What are the best free international fiction writing competition in North America?
If war and all of the world’s problems were fixed, would people still use them as topics for their books?
Can you make a horrible fan fiction by using only 200 characters?
Why is popular fiction dismissed as socially and politically conservative? How is it socially & politically conservative? Why might others disagree?
Can you think of a good character to put in a fictional book?
Is it ethical to pen down some excerpts very loosely based on historical events in a fiction novel?
If you had to make a video game of any character from any fictional/non-fictional universe, which character would you choose? Think out of the box.
Is fantasy a real genre, or is it just very popular fan-fiction?
If one wants to repurpose trademarked characters for a different work of fiction, are there legal ways to do it without spending any money?
Are there fiction writers or wannabe fiction writers willing to work with me as a team?
Can I really live out my fantasies like I've read about in fiction novels and seen in pornographic films?
Are elaborate descriptions of situations and supporting characters still relevant while writing fiction, in this modern age of readers?
What does science fiction include?
What are some extremely supernatural powerful entity in fiction?
If a fictional character that you have a crush on appears in your home and demands that you marry them, would you do it?
What person, fictional or real, brings good luck to those around him?
Are people often inspired by fictional characters?
Why are crystals associated with energy storage in science fiction? Is there any science behind this?
Why didn't Bran send Rickon to the wall with Jon?
What is your favorite method of space travel in science fiction novels?
How do you keep people from shipping a boy with his great great aunt without explicitly saying that they are related?
Can I write a fiction novel series about a kid who is a real life Jedi, that takes place on earth?
Where should you start when writing a fictional book?
How much of the Bible needs to be fiction for Christianity to be false?
Not counting the Lord of the Rings books, which was the most influential work of fiction that you have ever read?
What are the best fiction, fantasy, romance novels?
Which Game of Thrones character has the best chance to survive the series?
Are there any true utopias in fiction?
What is the best hard science fiction book of all time?
Who are some Crime Fiction Writers on Quora?
How can you justify that Lord Ram was not a fictional character?
Which is a better course to pick, fiction writing or memoir writing?
Which is more satisfying, journalism or writing fiction?
Is Stephen Hawking the father of future science or fiction?
How do I make the conversations more clear in fictional crossovers?
In YA, while crafting a fantasy or science fiction world, what are some common tropes to look out for?
What is some good and (mostly) historically accurate fiction set in ancient Mesopotamia?
What's going on with the character dynamics in this scenario?
What are the biggest civilizations of fiction in terms of population?
If you could choose to have dinner with five people (real or fictional) who would you invite, and why?
Is fiction as a genre actually useless?
Would it be a bad idea to name my (fictional) daughter Chell?
Can I use a popular quote in my contemporary fiction novel?
Would a book labeled as alternative fiction put you off buying it?
Do you need special permission to write fanfiction stories or books?
Why are chosen ones and prophecies common in fiction?
If I were to write a fictional story that mentions a real government agency (DARPA), in a kind of negative light, could I be sued for defamation?
What are some fantasy stories in settings not based on medieval Europe?
What are the best possible ways to plot a fictional story on any topic or idea in order to write a novel?
What is your opinion on reading present tense fiction?
Which show started the "he/she's an impostor" plot with everyone trying to figure out who is real and who is a fake?
In Indonesia, will the upcoming Vandaria Saga Universe mark a rise in fantasy fiction genres in the local literature trend?
How does science fiction explore and complicate what it means to be human?
Say Saitama from One-Punch Man suddenly appears in the current Star Wars universe. How screwed is the Star Wars universe?
What percent of fiction protagonists have green eyes?
How has film noir influenced written fiction and vice versa?
If you could choose one fictional character (any media) to rule your country, who would it be and why?
What are the best Gujarati classic fiction books?
Is intellectual property protected on blogs?
Fictional or real, what animal do you never want to come into contact with?
Will flying cars ever be a common thing or will that forever remain a fantasy of science fiction?
Why do so many Y.A. fiction novels have seventeen-year old white girls as protagonists today?
Your favorite fictional character is coming to kill you, armed with your favorite fictional weapon. How do you escape this sticky situation?
Can I write both fiction and non-fiction and still be relevant? If you do one, does it create an image that excludes the other?
What will happen if Baahubali meets Sherlock?
What are the best Kannada novel books you have read?
Is Zeppelin / Blimp considered steampunk or dieselpunk?
What are some of the best must read suspense fiction books?
If there was a team of villains from different fictional universes, what villains should be on it?
Can a forest be used as a weapon on a worldwide level? People speak of the danger of losing the Amazon rainforest. Can this be used as a weapon?
Why do some adults like YA fiction? There are some really trashy writing in that genre.
Are the Jerry Springerish situations presented in some Quora questions for real? Either way, how do you know?
As fiction writers, how do you get past the common feeling of "This is awful” when you start to write?
Where did the concept of a giant turtle with an island on its back come from?
How is reading books helpful, and which book should I read first about fiction?
What are some best fiction books for a beginner?
Could there at least be a 0000.1 chance that all fictional characters exist?
How would your life change if tomorrow you learned religion was fictional?
Is western history built on fictional novels?
What proportion of science-fiction/fantasy writers earn enough money from writing to survive strictly from their writing and have a family?
Which piece of fiction or other intellectual property do you want to see made into a play or musical?
If you found out werewolves were real, would you kill them, befriend them, study them, or ignore them?
For $5,000,000, would you spend one year in a parallel world similar to ours but there is one difference marked in the details?
What CEF level of English is needed to write a fiction book?
What are the best scenes from Laurie Halse Anderson's Wintergirls?
Which is the best Indian publisher for literary fiction?
How should I decide what some of my characters physically look like?
Would anyone be interested in being able to talk to a fictional character? What makes a fictional character so great?
If you met your favourite fictional character, what would you say to them?
Is it absurd to admire a fictional character and to wish they were real and were your friend?
Among all realistic fictional characters, like Hannibal Lector and Sherlock Holmes, who is the smartest?
What is speculative fiction?
What is a good book with a fictional/nonfictional narrative to it?
What books (fictional/non-fictional/autobiographies) you would recommend to a beginner?
What is meant by a ‘fictional group’?
Has a Head of State ever written a good fiction novel?
What is your opinion on the fictional character Carmen?
What science fiction writer do you recommend?
Which Science Fiction book series to read?
Any fictional conspiracies that are close to the reality?
Are dream journals redundant for a fiction writer, or do they provide a good source of creativity and (potentially) depth to an idea?
Does trial science involves hiring detectives and hackers like in "Dr. Bull" or is it just fiction?
What are some realistic tactical backgrounds for females in federal agencies and the military?
Should we expect a space warfare soon?
Is it a good idea to read novels while preparing for finals?
Is it weird to like fictional characters more than real people?
Is there any superhero or a fictional character whose main ability or power is a superpowered car or a vehicle?
What's the place of science fiction as a genre in literature?
Who is the worst villain in fiction that you would have a coffee with?
Can you name some interesting books that help in improving our intelligence or some interesting fiction books to read through the holidays?
Do you create fictional characters and worlds in your head? Tell me about them.
How can I engage directly with my readers and run discussions about my fiction novel, The Favored Son?
If you have a button that can bring any and all fictional characters regardless of the genre and media into the real world, will you press it?
Do you agree that fiction affects you?
What are the best novels for a college student in fiction?
What if the leader of Brazil (and the rest of South America) was a villain out of the James Bond books?
Is Lisbeth Salander a lesbian?
Is science fiction taken seriously within science circles?
What are some good fiction books about India?
Is it better to avoid or use slang in young adult fiction novels?
What is your favourite book and what book do you think you should recommend to 12 - 13 year olds?
What are some of the things that one should know before writing fiction for the first time?
What are some tips for writing action scenes in fiction?
What are the rewards of writing and developing a fictional character you strongly disagree with ?
Why does science fiction give such low troop numbers?
What should a person do if he is creative in making words (like novels, jokes, poems, songs, linings, fictional stories, etc.), but doesn’t have money?
Do leftists not complain about exclusively attractive lesbians in fiction because it helps their agenda? We never see dykes in fiction.
Is "Thunderbird" the only term used for airplanes, in fiction or otherwise, based on animals?
What are some good tips for writing science fiction?
How do movies, TV shows etc. affect our brains?
Who do you think are the worst heroes in fiction?
If you had to write a fictional story, using at least 10 popular Quorans as characters, how would it go?
Do you think it is better to read about a historical period in a fiction or a nonfiction book?
Can fiction or novel writing be considered fine arts?
Which fictional character would be the most boring to meet in real life?
How is a literary genre modified?
What is the name of a short story about aliens offering to fix earth’s problems by taking control for a long time?
Is the fandom for the musical Hamilton creepy for treating historical figures like fictional characters?
What’s a small little fictional story about getting diagnosed with an unknown disease? I won’t copy it and write it down; I just need ideas.
What is the fiction part of fiction in action?
What is the exact meaning of "write a fictional account of XYZ Situation"? Should it be in a form of story?
Where can I find free fiction, aside from ficfun.com?
Can you explain the plot of the All Good Things movie?
What are some good fiction books on Indian politics?
Which fictional characters would you have loved to have gone to school with?
Is Aramaic a fictional language?
If you could live in any fictional universe, which would it be, when would you go, and who would you be in that universe?
What is the meaning of “enchanting fictional territory” in Bengali?
Is it normal that I can't relate to any fictional characters from books or movies?
Within science fiction, what technologies do characters use that allow them to identify previously unknown living things and their internal structure?
Do you know of any books where the main character becomes bad?
Which fiction writers and works had or have the most accurate predictions or portrayals of the future?
What is the most common misunderstanding about literary fiction?
Why is it that in some fan fiction, writers despise Lois Lane’s being paired with Superman?
What are some underrated classic literary works?
How are the births and early lives of great main characters portrayed in Eastern storytelling?
Which fictional character do you want to be?
What are fantastical elements in fiction?
Is it scientifically possible to one day wake up and all forms of communication are down including the Internet and planes can't fly?
What is the strongest fantasy element?
What do you guys feel about the fiction book "Secret Lover: Just for Month/Lifetime" by Author Suyash Dwivedi?
What word matches with "poisonous infection" and "mind-reading" the same way as the other matches given?
Should a fiction writer take a job writing nonfiction?
What are some fictional novels about the Russian mafia?
If you had to pick 5 fictional characters to live with for the rest of your life, who would they be?
Why is there so much craze for fiction?
What types of books are better if I want to improve myself, fiction or non-fiction?
Would 5k words a day damage creativity? I want to boost my fiction writing from 2k to 5k so any tips would be appreciated.
What are the steps to writing a fictional story?
Are autobiographies a type of nonfiction novels?
What are the best fiction books of our time?
What fictional character was accurately portrayed as a psychopath?
What are the upcoming Indian fiction novels?
Is there any magazine where I can send a science fiction story or asking for science fiction writers?
Can you name some marvellous works in the field of novels?
What is the meaning of the phrase “Shall God's fiction, which is a Man's reality, fall short of Man's fiction?”
On the Internet there is a fan fiction "drarry", is it fact or just fiction? If it is fact, is there any proof?
Will Dushka Zapata ever write a fiction book?
How do you get your fiction/non-fictions in India?
If you could bring anime characters to life, which anime characters would you want to bring to life, and which ones would you not want to bring to life?
Is it bad that I can relate to a lot of fictional psychopaths?
What would be a good building to use as the American headquarters of a fictional Illuminati?
You are dead and can pick one fictional character to attempt resurrecting you in half an hour. Whom do you pick?
Which 10 fictions should I read in 2017?
What if a fictional character entered a comic convention?
What fictional character do you feel the most sorry for or pity?
What would you say is the best new fiction book for 2017?
Can you picture yourself in the shoes of any of the protagonists of fiction?
Where do you think the difficulty would lie in the translation of Chinese fantasy fiction?
How can the Harry Potter series be moved forward as a novel after The Deathly Hallows?
What is a good historical fiction novel, historically accurate and not about wars/gruesome?
Can you summarize the useful points of a book you have read in 200 words?
Is there any fictional and non-fictional book reading app?
What is the process in writing a fiction book?
What are some of the best fictional (love story) novels and movies?
What is the most futuristic and surreal thing you have ever seen in science fiction or fantasy fiction?
How can fiction be considered art?
I have started a fiction blog. How can I get my stories reviewed?
Can www.flixseek.com help us find free fictions?
There was a place called Mahismati in ancient India. Is the story in Bahubali a fiction, or a fiction created around some real incident?
Should all fictional works include at least one female character?
Where are the best places to scrape metadata about popular fiction books?
Will a fictional book on startup and its precarious journey work?
If you could build a 5 person zombie survival team using any fictional or real characters, who would you choose?
Are there any libraries in Hyderabad that have a good collection of fiction and non-fiction for a 9-year-old near Yosufguda?
What is the disorder of creating fictional people in life?
If I could wield fire, ice, and lightning, what could be the possible drawbacks of using these powers too much?
What will Jon snow do with house umber now that he won the north?
Do you prefer happy or sad endings? Realism or fantasy in your literature?
What are some weird alien monsters in work of fictions?
So, SF, sci-fi, science fiction or speculative fiction? And does it really matter.
How many fictional universes can you name that each have their own equivalent of the Living Tribunal?
How important is it to create an antagonist to build a perfect recipe for drama in a fiction?
Is it possible to 'punch a hole in reality' the way science fiction talks about?
Will some of the modern fictional works based on Hindu gods and characters become "smritis" in future?
Are there any science fiction books which address a potential 5th dimension?
What would be a better name for another Voldemort for my fanfiction?
Do dragons know who is a Targaryen?
Which is the most trusted publisher for fiction novels in Mumbai, India?
What are the worst fictional boyfriends in TV and film?
What purpose does an abridgement of a fiction book serve?
What is Bellovian irony?
Can any fiction/fantasy writers give some advice for getting started as a writer?
If you could visit any fictional world, what fictional world would you choose?
What are the best reference works on American literature?
How can you accept that fact that you cannot go to fictional worlds and that you are stuck in reality?
How can I get in touch with an FBI agent about asking questions for researching a book?
What fictional place would you most like to go to?
How do I put my fictional characters/world/story on paper if I'm bad at writing?
What is the one fictional crossover you had the most fun writing?
Is Johann Conrad Dippel The real inspiration for Frankenstein?
Is it good to read fiction online?
What if famous people were clan leaders in Clash of Clans? What would be their clan name and clan description?
Is there a list of must-read fiction books suggested by five-hours-a-day reader Warren Buffett?
Your favorite fictional character is coming to kill you. You are allowed one fictional weapon of your choice to defend yourself. What do you choose?
As a Christian author, is it ok to use fictional religion and magic in writing stories?
Are all writers "mad"?
There is the Dynamic Duo, the Seven Samurai and Twelve Angry Men. Are there writing rules about how large a fictional team of people can or should be?
Which is the most diplomatic fictional character according to you?
What author has written the most words?
What are some books about fictional and non-fictional Indian queens?
What is a fiction novel with something to say about wisdom?
How can I publish my fiction novel?
What are the common flaws in science fiction?
How do I publish a fiction book in India with no money?
Have you ever met someone so eccentric that you could base a fictional character on them?
What are some good Indian fiction novels about love?
What are the best Marathi science fiction books?
How do I overcome my fear of writing fiction books? I'm afraid of my old bullies coming back to haunt me, and of general judgment.
What grains are natural, or have they all been changed from God's intention?
What does the short story "Babycakes" by Neil Gaiman represent?
What is the most useless science fiction gadget?
What are the standard procedures/precautions taken by characters in conspiracy fiction when meeting secretly/discreetly?
A former POW kills his king. Can his widow fall in love with him?
What sets a paranormal romance apart from other paranormal genres?
What if Superman was not a fictional character? Would he be godlike?
Which are some of the greatest works in Classic fiction?
Which is the best fiction novel to read with a dramatic suspense?
What is the best page/pages in American Gods?
Will our art and fiction become obsolete in the time of AI?
Are there any American fairy tale style romance young adult fiction that I can enjoy reading?
What are the best stories or fiction books to change your traits, worldview, motivation, etc.?
Telepathy is typically in the reserve of the science fiction genre, but what if we could actually read other people’s thoughts? What might we discover?
Why are the words "fictional character" used together, as if characters could be non-fictional? Isn't this a pleonasm?
What is the best fiction to read today?
What is the most realistic fictional universe?
When was the first time you were published in a fiction magazine?
Can you write about black characters without mentioning race, culture, history or politics?
Are there any enjoyable fiction books that will help you improve your grammar?
In most fictional media, when a black supporting character is in a position of power, how come they are depicted as incompetent or corrupt?
What are some fictional characters nom de guerre?
Which fictional character would you relate yourself to and why?
What do you call quoting something or someone from a fictional universe, as an example to illustrate a statement on reality?
Of currently existing fictional characters, which would Ivan Tregear most like to voice?
What is going on in the rest of the world outside of Panem in the fictional Hunger Games universe?
Who are your favorite pilots of all time (both fictional and non-fictional)?
What are some ways to subtly suggest to the reader that the narrator is unreliable when writing a work of fiction?
What are some fiction books about serial killers?
How can I create a fictional universe?
What are some good character driven science fiction novels similar to Bujold's Vorkosigan Saga?
What could you do with the superpower to manipulate thermal energy?
Why should I be interested in fiction, when reality is so extreme? (I wish I had a dollar for each time I've heard "You can't make this stuff up!")
Can Edo Tensei be used in other fictional verses?
What are translations of 'The Phantom Tollbooth' like to read?
What would be the most powerful fictional character to be written in existence?
Is there a fictional character you loved as a child, yet grew to hate as an adult?
Which science fiction stories from before 1980 did the best at predicting what modern life would be like?
What money does a fiction author get for a movie option?
Is there any Government financial support for starting a khadi unite?
How did reading books (fiction) change your life?
Can only one space marine from Warhammer 40k be able to take out the entire axis force from WW2?
What are the best books to read on mysteries and fantasies?
What used to be a science fiction but is now a real thing?
Which fictional character's personality and actions are closest to yours?
What are all the non-fictional books related to parapsychology, teleportation, ESP, and parallel universes?
What are some tips for writing a fictional school?
Why does fiction matter?
Why does crime fiction always come in a series?
Would it be clarified in the books as to why Lyanna Mormont is ruling in the Bear Islands?
Copyright law: Is it okay for a fiction writer to use similar or identical themes that may already exist in other novels?
Which fictional universe would win in a fair 'rap battle' against all fictional universes?
How do you select an ethnicity for a fictional character?
If mankind created sentient robots, would they have equal rights?
Are there any stories that worked better in film than in print?
How would I use real life subjects in a fictional story?
If you can be a member of a military unit in the past, now or fictional, which one will you join?
Is there a real substance that, if injected, can kill a person immediately like in fiction books or action movies?
What can Jon do to prepare his army for the future wars with Cersei and the white walkers?
Is radical life extension science fiction or reality?
Which are some of the best works of futuristic fiction written by women?
Will you review my fictional novel?
Has anybody used the "Snowflake method" to design their fiction? What other methods do you suggest that are more practical and preferable?
Are there any really good fiction books about Area 51?
Even though it is said by GRRM that the world of ASOIAF is bigger than ours, why does it feel that it is the opposite?
From a science fiction standpoint, how could I create a human with eagle abilities in the lab? What could the accident/incident be?
When will "The Winds of Winter", by George R.R. Martin, be published?
What are the worst 'literary fiction' novels you have read?
The Victorian era is often portrayed in fiction as a time where high moral values were affirmed but not practiced. Is this a fair portrayal?
Why do some literary genres get outdated?
Can an author of fiction be sued for libel, despite the "all persons fictitious" disclaimer in the book?
What are the great fictional book should I read which are available in free?
What are some fictional characters that possess the character of the perfect woman?
What is a good book (fiction,any genre) that can change my perspective against the status quo?
If you could have any job, fictional or real, what would it be?
What is your favourite map, fictional or non-fictional?
Where can I see James Altucher’s book recommendations split across his categories - quality fiction, nonfiction, games and thriller?
Is it better or easier to write about fictional characters that are different than you?
How can I flesh out my fiction writing?
Why do fiction writers struggle to find a career in India?
If literature aims to reveal the truth about society, is it really fiction?
What are some historical fiction books that a young adult must read?
What do aliens or monsters have to do with science-fiction?
Why did novelist Nelson Algren choose to write about poor people and criminals?
How much leeway do you give a book before giving up on it?
Why is it that for some fictional stories, some atheists say that both are equally implausible, but others are able to clearly chose?
Are there any sex scenes in The Wheel of Time series?
Can you suggest me some good fiction books?
What is an underrated fictional character that you have a crush on?
I am writing a military/war based story, what are some examples of wars where its subjective to the reader who is "good" fictional or real examples?
What are some best psychological thriller fiction novel?
What advice would you give to someone who wants to write his first fiction?
Who is one woman in history or fiction that you would converse with for an hour and why? What would you talk about?
Reminding myself that The Notebook is highly fictional, was there ever a love story as great as this? Do you have an historical example?
What is a good fictional book that will help me in business?
Are zombie outbreak stories still popular in fiction and movies?
What is a good style of fiction writing?
How many people on Quora like to review fiction by Indian authors?
Is writing fiction from a news article be a "derivative work" under copyright?
What are some important facts about realistic fiction?
How can I make a fictional antagonist likable?
Is there a science fiction writer writing a book set about the Trappist-1 star system?
Do you know what urban Muslim fiction is and why it is important?
What is the largest fictional movie battle?
Which fictional books should I read during 12th vacation?
What characteristics define narrative fiction?
Which fiction novel will you recommend to all Quora users?
What will the role of Bran Stark in GoT be?
Can you suggest 10 fiction books to buy when I really enjoy philosophy and complex language used well?
Who is the most heroic fictional character in existence?
Which fictional universe is the most powerful?
As a Black Sails fan do you feel the show has gone downhill by adding more fiction onto the storyline?
What makes the world of The Witch Who Came in from the Cold different from other fictional worlds?
Can a story that is very metaphorical but doesn't use animals still be called an allegory?
Do you fill out fictional character profiles, or do you simply write?
What are some great, original, unique science-fiction/fantasy stories, books, or comics you would recommend for a person to read? The more recent, the better.
What personality traits do you like best in story protagonists and why?
What are some ways to make a great goofy main character in fiction?
What are some morphing weapons in work of fiction?
Does multiverse theory imply that there could be a world with people with powers like the ones from any fantasy or science fiction movie?
If you have talent for writing, what are the steps you can take to become a really great fictional writer?
How would a legion of vampires be created in fiction and why?
Who are your top 5 fictional characters of all-time?
What does the Russian people think about being portrayed as the bad guys in most of American fiction?
If you could choose one fictional character to protect you, who would you choose?
What are some good names for a fictional modern city?
Can anybody tell me some fiction novels?
Who is your favourite fictional character who inspires you?
How do you efficiently introduce readers to a fictional setting?
Why don't aliens have any answer to nuclear weapons in movies?
Why is the best fiction always based on reality?
What are some tips for writing dystopic fiction?
We deem magic as fiction, yet there is still death and even if nothing awaits us after that there is still the outcome of it. Where is the line drawn?
What are good fiction books to start with?
You have proposed better pop culture Muslim portrayals for increased acceptance. What is an example in recent fiction that you have come across?
I'm an 8th grader who wants to become a fiction writer. What do I need to do in school?
In some fiction, a character's body is slammed against a concrete wall which cracks it or breaks it with their back. Is this possible in real life?
What is the best way for an established, successful, published, nonfiction author to find an agent for fiction?
How are autistic people portrayed in fiction?
Is there any difference between the language density of fiction and non fiction books?
Was Radha a fictional character?
Outside of Marvel Comics, is there any other fictional nation controlled by people with superpowers?
What will you do if you were on a cruise ship and the purge started?
What are the science fiction equivalents of early Sword and Sorcery stories like the "Conan" or "Lankhmar" books?
Which fictional character scares you the most and why?
What should I research when writing a realistic fiction book about a lawyer in a massive, controversial murder trial?
Where can I get a list of all of the fictional characters based in India? How?
Which writing frameworks allow me to personalize my fiction towards aspects about my reader?
If witches or any other superior supernatural creatures want something important from human, what would it be?
Why do my eyes glaze over when I read that a work of fiction is "magical realism"?
What is the most transformative experience you have had with a piece of fiction? It may be a book, a movie, a play, video game, you name it.
What are the best modern fiction books about traveling to the future?
How can fiction sometimes help you to perceive and understand reality?
I want to write a short fiction story. Could you give me any writing and/or content idea?
What are some tactical weapons for fast attack in the real world/life and works of fiction?
Who would lead an imaginary evil army raised from the depths of history and fiction?
Which fiction books have had the greatest impact on the world?
What would be a good title for a Harry Potter/Babysitters Club fan fiction?
Who do I look for to read through my fictional story and re-style/re-make it into a decent novel like Harry Potter? My English isn't that good.
If you could join 1 fictional organization, what would it be?
How hard is it to break into the erotic fiction market? Can it be profitable?
Are all of Tom Freeman's answers fictional?
Have you ever read Twitter Fiction?
Which “great“ works of fiction bored you and why?
Do I need to write a "Bible" for a fictional religion?
How long does philosophical fiction need to be (word count)?
When writing historically-based fiction, how closely is it important to adhere to locational details?
What would the conversation be like, if you could meet your favorite fictional character?
Which science fiction book had as its main character a police woman with gene-modified super skin, and there was a whale hooked in their "internet"?
What are your top 5 strongest Universes in fiction?
What exactly is "interactive fiction" and how does it engage people?
What advice would you give someone writing a fictional novel about aliens?
What should I read in young adult fiction?
Is there a more powerful weapon in fiction than this?
Has your favorite fictional book, movie or tale revealed something about who you are?
What are literature and fiction?
Is it illegal to make a wanted poster of a fictional person?
What are some pink pig creatures in works of fiction?
Which authors of fiction succeeded on their first book?
Has anyone gone through darkness but initially was in light but again came back to the light?
Could Court Gentry defeat the ISA like he defeated the CIA?
What is the purpose of dreams, altered perceptions of reality, and visions in otherwise realist fiction?
How hard is it to publish a fiction book in a traditional way for a first time writer as of today?
If someone wrote a fiction book based on Greek mythology, what figures would you want to see?
Is inception possible in real life? Or it is just a fiction?
What are the best fiction/sci-fy books about Space?
When is a society a fiction of former glories- how ineffective is heritage weaving when it's no longer connecting identity to a sense of achievement?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of having an ambiguous timeline when writing science fiction based in the future?
Can you suggest publishing houses in Melbourne that print historical fiction?
Does having a good understanding of science make it harder to write science fiction novels?
Do people prefer reading crime fiction in India?
What are some fiction books about immortality?
Do I have to be an expert/master in English to write a fictional (novel) story (like J. K. Rowling, for example)?
Which are the must-read English books about Northeast India, both fiction and non-fiction?
How did fictional people make his or her mythic weapons?
What are the best nonfiction and fiction books of 2016?
What is the best fictional book for a 12-year-old who is reading adult books?
What are some good fiction books/book series about angels?
What are the pros and cons of providing chapter titles in a novel?
How do fact and fiction differ?
What are some good Harry and Ginny Soul Bond fan fiction stories?
What would be the optimal weapons/armor combination for a fictional urban vigilante?
Was there a fictional or mythological figure who disappeared if everyone turned away from them?
Who are the most unique fictional characters with unique talents, skills, powers or any variable that can make them successful or win a fight? Explain.
I have thought about a science fiction plot and want to write it in the form of novel. How do I approach writing?
What makes a great historical fiction novel?
What is the art of fiction?
Would giant swords be effective weapons in low gravity environments and have any fictional stories taken advantage of this concept?
What are the best fiction books about Rome?
Is time manipulation powerful magic? Why or why not?
What is Hesse's The Glass Bead Game novel about?
Are there fictional characters who just enjoy life and avoid commitments?
Is it allowed to base a fictional character on a real person?
Is this order of reading A Feast for Crows and A Dance with Dragons recommended? http://boiledleather.com/post/25902554148/a-new-readerfriendly-combined-reading-order-for-a?
What is lacking from a reading experience?
How is fiction/poetry necessary?
What are some good fiction book recommendations?
If you could have any author (fiction/nonfiction/living/dead) write your life story, who would you choose and why?
What is the most depressing story (excluding love/breakups) real/fiction?
If Quora was a school what would be the four houses?
Name of a book that goes something like 'Why most of your thoughts are fiction and other reasons why you won't succeed in life'?
What is your favorite curbstomp battle in all of fiction?
Is it good if you feel vulnerable when you write fiction?
Is Aristotle a fictional or real person?
Have you ever read Cyberpunk Science Fiction?
Why did the FNAF creator make it look like Sister Location stole the ideas for Funtime Freddy and Funtime Foxy from Freddy Fazbear's Pizza?
Who are the best stylists in 20th century American fiction?
I have a fictional disease I made and I'm looking to the closest real life version there is. Can any of you give suggestions?
What book—fact or fiction—would best help you understand Romania and its history?
Do you prefer writing fiction to non-fiction, and if so, why?
What is a good fictional book about Siberia?
Who do you think is the best fictional writer?
What should every aspiring interactive fiction creator/writer know about interactive fiction?
What is your favorite science fiction book as of 2017?
What are some cat aliens in works of fictions?
Has any fictional series been written about India's special security services, the RAW, the CRPF or the Gorkhas?
What is the best POV for science fiction?
If you found out that the world you lived in was fictional, how would you convince everyone else?
What elements would you love your perfect fiction novel to include?
If you were forced to live in a fictional dystopian world of your choosing, which would it be and why?
Has any fictional novel been write in an open source format?
What responsibilities do/should fiction writers take into consideration when writing?
What would you do if you could summon any fictional character for an hour?
Non-fiction vs Fiction? Which one is better?
Why is it easy for some people to follow the plot of a film or a fiction but hard for others? Is it innate or are you able to practise the ability?
Can you suggest fictional stories or movies that share parallels with trump and those that follow him?
Are fictional stories necessary in order to understand real events, e.g. wars?
Are there any literary characters of note who were polar opposites in personality, etc, from the author who created them?
What are some good non-fiction books about ancient Rome?
Is space travel a real thing or still fiction?
Suddenly, everyone on Earth is given a random fictional object. What happens?
Who were/are the greatest British fiction literature translators?
Which are the best fictional bloggers? Especially Indian?
What is benefit of reading science fiction book?
Can sign language be used to 'read' someone a piece of literary classic (or any fiction, really)?
Is Illuminati real or is it a fictional conecpt?
Is there a piece of software that estimates climactic zones based on fictional geography?
If you could kill any fictional character, who would you choose and how would their death effect the rest of the story?
How is dystopian fiction related to the historical moment it is created in?
Is life experience crucial to being a good fiction author?
Who is the scariest heroic fictional character?
Are there any fiction/non-fiction economic policy books explaining different unintended consequences?
What fiction features a dictator protagonist?
How is the process of writing different between writing fiction and writing non fiction?
Is the list of 5 characters that survive according to GRRM's original plan for ASOIAF still relevant?
Who are the top TEN fiction writers writing in English in Malaysia judging by awards won and reviews?
Is 4000 words for the first chapter of a fictional novel too long?
Are all myths fiction and untrue?
Which is the best fiction book to read?
I am planning to write a fantasy fiction novel. What do beginners like me should know?
What are the best literary fiction books you've come across?
What would be better titles for each ASOIAF book?
How were mythologies written? Were they started as fiction? If so, do we have continuity errors or different versions like fan fiction?
What are good fan fiction of the Wizarding World of Harry Potter embracing technology?
Can you share a fictional idea for a flying beast?
Why is detective / crime fiction almost always about murder and not other types of crime?
What is the most horrifying fictional infectious disease?
What are some good Indian science-fiction or books published in India?
What are your favorite historical fiction novels taking place during the French Revolution?
What are some fictional genocide events that make real life genocide events a drop in the bucket?
What are some good completed fan fiction in which Naruto has a daughter?
What would make a really cool fictional international villain, and what evil deed is he planning to undertake?
What are your top 5 favorite fictional characters?
What are the saddest villain deaths in fiction ever?
What are the last 3 fiction books you read and how do they benefit your creative or business writing?
What are important things to add to your fictional world to make it believable?
I have a script for a fictional but historically accurate novel in medieval settings. How do I proceed?
What are some examples of the 7 elements of fiction?
Why is Antony a common name among fictional mobsters?
What are the best & easiest courses after 12th commerce? I don't like science. I like to read fiction, draw, and surf the Internet.
Which fictional game character would you enlist in your personal army and why?
If Varys' power story is foreshadowing, who might be the king, the rich man, the priest and the sellsword, and in what circumstance?
What's the most difficult to read science fiction book?
What fictional character do you wish you could meet?
What are the most common tropes and cliches in science fiction novels?
What science fiction media realistically portray artificial organs and prostheses in a human body?
What role do detectives play in detective fiction stories?
How do I create a coherent timeline for a series of books in a fictional world?
Who is the most inspirational character in the Harry Potter series, and why?
Is it insulting to survivors to write a historical fiction novel about the holocaust?
What is stopping us from achieving Interstellar Travel?
What should I do before writing a fictional book?
If you found a way to communicate with a fictional character, how would you get them to convince others of their existence?
Is there any good speculative fiction about a society of telepaths/empaths?
Can you actually post fiction in the fiction section of Q?
Which was the most disappointing Harry Potter book?
How much is fiction in 2 States?
Are people often inspired by fictional characters?
What's a non-fiction book that can be compared to "Animal Farm"?
What is a great dark fantasy book series for me to read?
Is it a common universal theme that writers have a love/hate relationship with drinking alcohol, regardless of the era or time?
What are some realistic fiction story ideas?
What is the sci-fi genre like in a sci-fi world?
What was the science fiction of the Renaissance period?
What science fiction media realistically portray regenerative medicine?
Who is the most powerful person in all of fiction?
What would our world be like, if as soon as someone dies, they instantly go antigravity?
What are some defense satellites in work of fictions?
Who is the most tragically screwed over character in fiction?
Is writing non-fiction easier (faster) than writing fiction?
What should I read fiction or self-help?
Which fictional character that you created is your favorite, and why?
What is some science fiction on an epic scale like Dune?
Is it cliche to refer to an organization using general titles in Utopian/Dystopian fiction?
What would common behavior of a victim of child abuse be shortly after being pulled away from the lifestyle?
How does one design characters, plots, conflict within a fictional world that closely resembles our own?
What are some of the precautions to take when writing a fanfiction?
Trace the development of modern English fiction with specific reference to the major shifts in literacy perspective during the nineteenth century?
Are aliens burned out as a science fiction concept?
What makes a piece of fiction horror?
Would it be a bad idea to name my (fictional) daughter Chell?
Where can I learn the science and the practical applications in order to write science fiction?
If we lived in a fictional world where most people had powers, what powers would be considered common?
What is the best fiction book you've ever read? Did it change your life in any way?
How do you breed dragons?
Is writing good fiction still a worthwhile vocation?
If there was a fictional leader of purgatory, who or what would it be?
In Walk Two Moons is Sal's mother dead?
How does Game of Thrones end for Daenerys?
Which is the best fictional series providing medical knowledge?
What is the best way to depict ASL in fiction writing?
How do I really start a career in fiction writing?
If a billion-year-old star transformed into a human, what would its mindset be?
Which are the best fiction books?(English, obviously.)
Why is Melisandre not in the service of Daenerys?
How can I convince an average Indian that Bible is a book of fiction?
How do we even know if there is an intergalactic catastrophe coming for us if we only see back in time through a telescope?
What is the best matchup fight between any two fictional characters?
Why don't fictional secret organizations give themselves silly names?
Why is Hollywood obsessed with science fiction?
What are the best adult fiction novels you can read in a day?
Why is magic dismissed as impossible by science?
What are some well-known fictional secret agents from cultures around the world?
How do I publish my science fiction story?
Can there be legal consequences for depicting a fictional version of a real, living person being tortured in a satirical novel?
What is the best and more realistic way to resolve a love triangle in fiction?
How do I improve my dialogue in a fictional thriller that I am writing?
Are there any retellings of Beauty and the Beast (movies, books, etc) in which the Beast doesn't turn back into a human?
Is the science fiction community biased toward left-wing content? If so, why?
If a human fell in love with an animal who became human and gained human intelligence, would it still count as bestiality?
Is western history built on fictional novels?
What would it be like if humans could jump into any fictional media?
Does reading fiction books change the way you see reality?
If a fictional tech was created in real life, would the creator of the tech have to pay royalties to the creator of the fiction?
Can we use Songs, movie dialogues and Celebrity name in a fiction novel?
What are the most surreal, bizarre, and futuristic fiction movies you have ever watched?(science fiction, fantasy fiction, or horror fiction movies)
How do I get over the fact that science cant compete with science-fiction?
Should writers of literary works of fiction be required to undergo a credentialing procedure analogous to that of physicists and physicians?
Who are some authors like Michael Crichton, who writes fiction but also teaches the reader (i.e., Sphere, Andromeda Strain, and Lost World)?
Who are your fictional and real life role models in life?
Is the recent revival of interest in books like "The Handmaid's Tale" a sign of interest in literature or a concern about the future of the U.S.A.?
Is there a fiction story about stress and language?
How would we perceive the world if we were able to see IR and UV light (or more)?
I'm used to reading non-fiction. What are some must read fiction books?
What are some fictional characters who weakness is depleted uranium?
How can the different types of fiction be described?
What works of literary fiction also feature photography?
What are some good books in philosophical-fiction genre?
Can you tell me any names of movies of fictional old times, like Lord Of The Rings, 300, etc.? Which ones have battles and a great story in them?
What is your favorite fictional movie character of all time? What about your favorite novel character?
Is Lisbeth Salander a lesbian?
What is your favorite fictional celestial body?
Which fictional characters have an ENTP personality type?
What are differences in writing a poem and a fiction?
What do you consider a great rough draft for fiction?
What are some good fiction books about India?
What kinds of unique character traits do you wish was more prominent in popular fiction?
What are the best verses that were ever written for a fictional religion?
What are some tips for writing action scenes in fiction?
How can I improve my science fiction newsletter? [Dutch] Www.getrevue.co/profile/Kardashev
What is M.U.T.O. a mutant of?
What's the most detailed fictional world?
Which strongest fictional character could you solo?
How do movies, TV shows etc. affect our brains?
Is it immaturity of people who write up 1000 words answer about powers & weaknesses of fictional superhero characters and have a discussion on it?
What literary devices make a fictional character interesting?
Is landing a critical hit on someone in fighting a fictional thing or is it a real thing/term?
Which science fiction book offers the most intelligent path from present-day uncertainty to utopian-like future?
What do you think about fiction setting the bar too high for reality?
What was the best zootopia fan fiction you've read?
What category do celebrity fan-fictions go under?
Are fictional characters allowed to make out in a TV-Y7 show?
What are some places of great magical power in work of fictions?
What would Jesus Christ say to your favorite fictional character if He met him/her face to face?
Do fiction readers ever have an issue with authors' wrong portrayal of tragedy?
What fictional character has the coolest plot armor?
Am I the only one peeved by the recent obsession with 'Broken but beautiful' female fictional characters?
How do I make my fiction flow seamlessly?
Is science in fiction science?
Who is your favorite fictional deity?
In fiction, and in reality, are there many female characters who would risk their lives to protect their men?
What if I make up a fictional story to use on a crowdfunding site? Am I legally prosecutable?
What heartwrenching story have you heard from a panhandler that you later found out to be fiction?
Who are the top three authors in Hindi pulp fiction?
How would you react if you discovered that all fictional characters are real creatures living in alternate realities whose existence depends on us?
What should I do to understand novel characters?
What fiction authors are writing Medium Series?
What was your reaction to Atlas Shrugged and why?
How does one go about introducing a fictional world?
Have you ever felt that some fictional dystopias sound quite good, really?
What is the most beautiful dragon you've seen in fantasy?
Which science fiction novel has come true?
What do you think of people or fictional characters who act extremely neurotic and pretentious very often?
What are different types of blog fiction or novel writers?
Do you know about famous women or in fiction who died of a heart related disease?
Who is your favourite fictional antagonist?
How do I become a professional fiction writer?
Which 10 fictions should I read in 2017?
What 10 fictional characters would you invite to dinner?
What are some books that use POV chapters as well as ASOIAF?
Which is the best fiction novel in Hindi?
Is it illegal for me to re-invent a car that is in a fiction movie if it is not real and has not actually been made in real life?
What are some unusual fictional characters or races from mythology or legends?
What are some breathtaking philosophical fictions like The Bet by Anton.P. Checkov?
Is anyone in the fictional universe faster than the Flash (DC Character)?
What are some of the books that changed your perspective the most?
Will a fictional book on startup and its precarious journey work?
What are the best fiction books with lessons on compassion?
Are there any good writing exercises for fiction writing?
Can you write about somewhere you've never been for a fiction book? If so, how?
What is the best way to self publish science fiction novel?
Is it possible to 'punch a hole in reality' the way science fiction talks about?
Is love most a fiction when it becomes a mere duty as opposed to a true personal passion?
Can you name a fiction book where someone learns a foreign language?
Why is travelling backwards in time such nonsense even in science-fiction?
Can The Witcher be considered a work of fiction as good as The Lord of the Rings?
Is it good to constantly read fiction novels?
What is fiction all about? Why are fiction books so interesting?
Do you write fiction?
Is there a movie adaptation based on "Middlemarch" (George Eliot novel)?
Religious children have trouble distinguishing reality from fiction. What are your thoughts on this statement/ study?
Why does science fiction tend to be emotionally cold?
Who thinks the stories on Quora are mostly fiction?
Who is hands down the most complex multi dimensional character in all of fiction?
Which fictional character would you most not get on with?
Is there interest in a website for fiction book summaries?
If you could assemble a team of 5 fictional warriors, who would you choose?
Which writers would you nominate for induction into a pantheon of genre fiction?
What are similarities in writing a poem and a fiction?
Was the Golden Company lied to about Aegon's true parentage?
Are there any literary fictional characters that are similar in personality and skill set to Jason Bourne?
Do you have to ask an author's permission if you mention their novel within your own fiction? What if they are deceased?
Who is the most endearing/lovable fictional character?
How do you think of a start of a fiction?
Can you write about black characters without mentioning race, culture, history or politics?
What are some of the darkest books/novels/poems that you've read? Fiction or Non-fiction.
Which fictional general would you prefer to serve under most?
What is the most disturbing thing that you ever read in a fictional work assigned in a class you took?
Is the story of Odysseus fictional or real?
Can you write a story about a girl with a bad vocabulary?
What is the fiction book you would read again if you are out of books?
How is it like to read a chronological novel from back to front?
What is the oldest recorded written fictional story?
Do you think fictional characters may exist in a different dimension or reality?
Is there a web site that compiles predictions about the future made in science fiction stories and novels?
How did reading books (fiction) change your life?
What is the difference between churches and "legal fiction" (like LLCs)?
Have you read science fiction mythology books like Shiva trilogy and do you think there should be more books like that?
Which author (fiction) do you think gets you the most and why?
What's the point of (f) Aegon's storyline?
Will anyone ever become a proper fiction writer if they don't load their characters with curses?
In this era of alternative facts, how do you personally differentiate between fact and fiction?
What are some incredible feats of stealth in fictional characters?
How do you select an ethnicity for a fictional character?
What do you think makes a fictional character good or evil?
What is the most grimdark fictional world ever?
Would you be interested in an esoteric fiction book set in Atlantis? And why?
What are your favorite themes/character developments in Crime Genre?
Which book (fiction or horror) should I buy?
What are your thoughts on nostalgia?
If you existed in a magical/fantastic universe, would you be into the light or the dark side?
What are some magic swords in fiction and myth?
What book or movie describes the difficulty of destroying an inbound nuclear warhead (past boost phase) due to something akin to "cavitation"?
What are some must-read English fiction books?
What are some diseases my character could die from in the 50s?
Do you read fan fiction? If so, what's your favourite and link it down below.
The Victorian era is often portrayed in fiction as a time where high moral values were affirmed but not practiced. Is this a fair portrayal?
What are some combat cyborgs in work of fictions?
What's the most interesting fictional world you've read/seen/heard about?
What are some of the best magic systems in fiction?
What is the most fictional thing in the nature?
What is your favorite quote from any novel?
What are some examples of fiction disclaimers?
What is your favourite fictional vehicle?
What's the perfect resume to be the lead of a fiction series?
What are the themes in prelude by Kathrine mansfield?
What are some best books on fiction literature?
Who is your favorite writer of fiction from Malaysia and Singapore?
Can you write a fiction book portraying living public figures?
If you conjure a fictional character from your imagination, could it be possible that you are really telling a past-lived story without even knowing so?
I had published a fiction earlier. The contract has expired & the rights are back with me. Can I now approach other publishers to republish the novel?
I have a main character from Scarborough, North Riding, Yorkshire. What can you tell me about the local culture here?
What bookstores in Tokyo have the best selection of Chinese-language books (especially fiction)?
What fictional character has the scariest superpower?
How do you effectively describe a concussion in a work of fiction if you've never had one before?
What fictional belief did you have as a child that you were disappointed to learn wasn't true as you grew wiser with age?
I have read no fiction since high school. On what good am I missing out?
If you had unlimited money, how would you develop a fictional country in Bir Tawil?
Why there are less science fiction books in India?
What is the most probable/possible meaning of the fictional name "Wu Ao-Shi"?
When I'm narrating a fictional story, should I describe all the settings in the story itself, and what should I avoid?
How do I write a beautiful fiction story?
What are the tips to write a successful book of fiction?
How do you avoid sounding cheesy when writing fictional stories?
Can you suggest some interesting fiction books for read with intermediate level? (English)
What are some movies, stories or novels in which the character forgets about the boundary of fiction and non-fiction?
Are there any science fiction media that feature friendly robots?
How do Authors of fiction writing make money?
What fiction books should I read?
If a group of people read the same story book of fiction, would the scenes they create with their imaginations be similar to each other?
Are there any science fiction media that feature an independent brain as a character?
Is a hoax or fake news fiction?
What are some best practices for fiction writers creating diverse characters, and avoiding tokenism?
What are some ancient artifacts in books, movies, fiction, television shows, etc.?
Is it dangerous to write fantasy fiction in a language with small number of speakers?
How do I deal with falling for the fictional character?
What are ten fictional universes that you wouldn't want to live in?
Are there any fictional examples of a post-apocalyptic world dominated by a lawless, propaganda-filled repressive and gangster-like society?
Is Jaqen H'ghar a mind reader?
How do you supercharge the ley lines in works of fiction and books?
What franchise has the most realistic government reaction to superheroes?
How do fiction authors feel about people pointing out their typos? Would they prefer a review, an email or a note to their editor?
Is fiction basically just a bunch of specific examples of philosophy and aphorisms?
What are some examples of must-read modern French fiction?
Is it wrong to have a crush on a fictional character?
Why do the Yautja no longer feel pain, fear, mercy, and hesitation, and how did this happen?
Science fiction is sometimes divided into "hard" and "soft" science fiction. What do they actually mean?
What are some new fiction books written by autistic authors?
What is your opinion on this recently released controversial fiction book on Kashmir- ‘The Tree with a Thousand Apples’?
Does Oldtown and the Citadel have a working theory on Mendelian genetics and inheritance?
What would it mean if you were a part of a 6,000 year old mystic bloodline associated with ravens?
How realistic is Sam Fisher?
How is the science fiction shipyard created and infiltrated?
Who is the most absurdly powerful character in fiction?
Who is the most depraved, despicable protagonist in fiction?
How many books per year do regular fiction writers write to be able to survive?
What are some fictional novels without any characters?
Where does the splendour lie in writing/reading fictional books?
Who is a better writer? Richard Dawkins or Charles Dickens?
Does limitations of known science put us at a disadvantage when dealing with magic and why not?
Where in Lucknow can I buy new/used fiction novels at cheap prices?
Are there any non fictional humans that have lived who are arguably more famous than Jesus?
Who do you think is the best Stone's player in the Wheel of Time?
What are the forgotten or underrated science fiction novels (or short story collections)?
What romance fiction books should a young adult read?
Is there anything in science fiction that will likely become science fact in the next few years?
What are some fictional characters which are quite scary?
Do you know the fictional character Blair Waldorf from the famous TV series ?
Which are your top 10 fiction books of 2016?
What do Indian readers want in fiction?
What are some good examples of Chinese contemporary urban fiction?
Should I only write fiction about what I know?
Could you plug a fictional characters stats in a probability algorithm and why or why not?
Who are some science fiction writers who are at least as good as Isaac Asimov, but are almost unknown in English-speaking countries?
What are some good, non romanticized portrayals of eating disorders in fiction?
What is your favorite play written by Ibsen?
Is Predator's more a Betty or Veronica type of guy?
What's your favorite fictional sea monsters?
Why do some fictional characters shout out the name of their attack before they use it?
Have you ever wonder what heroes do in their spare time?
Who is the snarkiest character in fiction?
How do you get through a book in one day?
Are good science fiction books rare compared to other genres?
Could anyone suggest me some good fiction/mystery novels which are gripping and interesting?
Are there any fictional examples of anti-technological and anti-scientific societies ruled by military might, corruption, criminality and untruths?
Can you recommend good writers of American historical fiction?
I'm applying to an undergrad creative writing program. I’m to include 3 pieces of fiction under 30 pages. What kind of pieces would you suggest?
If you were offered a new wardrobe, but it had to be derived from a work of fiction, which would it be?
Who is the best contemporary African fiction author you have ever read?
At what extent does old science fiction books or movies predicted current technology?
Why do I have a crush on a fictional character from a live-action show?
When writing fiction, what is a cultural conflict that could take place on the following map?
Why did the aliens kill the woman in the movie Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull?
Do electro nets existed in real life like they do in works of fiction?
What should I do when acting like fictional characters becomes an unbreakable habit?
What are the conventional academic historical boundaries to separate Contemporary Fiction from Classical Fiction?
If seven maids with seven mops swept it for half a year, do you suppose it's possible they could make it clear?
Why should a story set in another universe with "magic" but without mythological inspiration be still considered fantasy?
How do I get better at writing fiction (stories)?
How realistic is Bob Lee Swagger?
How much magic does it take to summon the Reaper in fiction, books, movies and/or television shows, etc.?
What do you think are three of the best duels in fiction?
What is the best way to go about getting fiction published for a first-time writer?
If you could bring one single type of technology from fiction, what would it be?
What are some great story arcs that do not conform to 'the Hero's Journey'?
What is the best motivational fiction book?
What are the top 10 worst fan fictions ever written?
What is your first ever short story?
How does penetrative sex feel for a man (sensations and emotions)? I write erotic fiction and want my characters’ viewpoints to be authentic.
What is a good title for a fictional novel that has something to do with piano and a girl?
Who is a terrible villain from an otherwise good fictional work?
What's the best fantasy army you could ever build?
How can I see to it that my fiction works reach far and wide?
What do you think of the Nine Sins in roleplay?
What are some good fiction novels to read to improve vocab?
What is the best title for fiction related to rain?
What are some artifacts that can turn a run-of-the-mill children's magician into someone who can transform matter, control minds in fiction and books?
There's yellow peril science fiction of China/Japan conquering the western world, is there any 'brown peril' fiction of Indians conquering the west?
Where can I publish fictional love story?
What fictional charachter death is the saddest?
Is it okay to make a villain silly rather than threatening?
What tools and resources can be recommended to make a fictional culture?
Why are the best fiction writing tools for Windows?
Which are 10 greatest fiction books?
What are the qualities required for a spy thriller or fiction thriller writer?
Under which circumstances do fictions become accepted as reality?
Mankind has made a lot of scary things in fiction. What are some things in fiction that, if real, would make the devil quiver in fear?
Who'd be in your all time kingsguard?
Where do you find the inspiration or motivation to write your fiction novels?
What are the characteristics of a fictional narrative story?
What are some of the Doraemon gadgets that you want to have?
If you could steal other people’s souls to live forever, would you? What would you turn into?
Why do many people like psychopathic fictional characters?
What scene from Pulp Fiction comes to mind when reading Book 21 of the Odyssey?
Are there any fictional books on 'white torture'?
Is Padmavati a real or fictional character?
Who is the most evil fictional character that isn’t human?
What are the characteristics of a fiction book?
Which is the best fan fiction that you have read so far?
If you were forced to create your own fictional universe to live in, what would you create?
What are some good fictional series that I can read?
What are some magical doors in works of fiction, books, movies, televisions shows, etc.?
What is the best way to be intentional about becoming a better fiction writer? What should a writer focus on while following advice to "just write"?
What do you think are some of the most underrated science fiction films?
What are some personality traits of people that read fiction?
What are things fiction writers do in they're stories that are irritating?
Who would win, Reaper (Librarian TV show) vs Anubis (Librarian TV show)?
How do you create a dynamic world in your fiction writing?
Is David Icke a truth seeker, a disinformation agent/artist or a science fiction writer?
What fictional characters would you invite to eat dinner with and why?
What're the steps followed to write a proper fiction?
What are some good science fiction stories from India? Film, books, and so on.
Can I register my company name under a fictional character or object from an anime?
In your opinion, how does the Dark Tower series mix fantasy, science fiction, and horror so well?
Which is more fictitious, religion or science?
Which two fictional characters would you want to see face off on screen?
Could anyone help me think of special abilities that can come from an important/major memory?
What kind of fictional monster would you choose to be and why?
Which fictional character has great understanding?
If I want to read books to improve myself and grow, should I read fiction?
Would you be interested in seeing a published/condensed/edited form of In The Realms of the Unreal one day?
How long do yautja live for?
Why is the Chosen One trope so common in Young Adult Fiction? What does it say about teenage psychology?
Have you ever felt like living in fantasy for ever, like a book you really liked and wish to living it?
What is the most interesting book (fiction or non-fiction) you have read recently? and why did you find it appealing?
What is the relationship between Indian English fiction and globalization?
What are some great realistic fiction book recommendations?
What are some ideas of fiction books for kids?
What are some statistics about Interactive Fiction?
Why do you find it necessary to put fiction on this site?
Is there an example in fiction (literary or cinematic) where deus ex machina was used to positive effect?
What would be the ship name of Jack Reacher and Bob Lee Swagger?
What philosophical science fiction and fantasy books should I read?
What is your biggest pet peeves writers do in fiction?
Why did Lorraine kill Ben in "The Women of Brewster Place?”
What is apocalyptic about "The Handmaid's Tale's" society?
What is the best type of science fiction?
Is "The One Ring" from Lord of the Rings a macguffin?
Although fictional, Quelcrist Falconer sounds fairly cool to me. What do you think?
What science fiction television shows would you use to teach students about character development or plot?
Which are some of the best science/science fiction books/movies on space and time for recreational reading?
Which authors are most well known for creating in-depth fictional worlds?
If Vader and Luke's light sabers had the same core would they only be able to wound one another and not kill each other?
What inspired the book series Wheel of Time?
A Song of Ice and Fire: Has your opinion of some of the characters changed over time?
Which is your favourite fictional Bengali sleuth?
What are some of the best serious fiction books?
Who and what is Dagan Harris?
What is your favourite ever helmet, Real or Fictional?
What are the best non fiction books on astronomy/Physics ?
What are some fictional villains that the main protagonist of the fictional work are scared of?
Who are the heroes (real or fictional) of ancient Mexico?
What is the best fiction book available on Amazon?
IS the recession in Nigeria fact or fiction?
What is a fictional work that is genuinely good but has a terrible fan base?
What are the ten best thought/fleshed out science fiction universes (books)?
How do I decide what book genre a character belongs in?
What is that one thing that you imagine and is fictional, but if it became real, it would change your world?
How would a orbital platform in science fiction be created?
What fiction features a future authoritarian world revolution?
What are some high quality fiction books? I am a big fan of Dan Brown and lately I am reading books that I feel are not worth completing.
Do you think Terra-forming will be a reality or it will only remain an aspect of Science Fiction?
Could I get sued by publishing a fictional novel about some real person according to Indonesian law?
Is it possible that the fictional ley lines were inspired by fault lines?
What would happen if all the fictional villains came to life?
Which Harry Potter Ilvermorny and/or Hogwarts house would Obama be sorted into?
How do you narrate late night chat in fiction?
Who is David Brin's favorite science fiction writer?
You're to be on a 50-mile highway in the middle of a desert, there is no speed limit or cops, and you can choose one fictional car. What would it be?
Which fictional movie couple do you find inspiring for your own love life?
Where do I read science fiction online?
How many lifespans of training and fighting have the Yautja been doing?
Who is the most evil character who looks cute?
If you had to choose one fictional character to have sex with, who would it be?
What if Ben 10 is not just science fiction?
Which are some good novels (science fiction or fiction)?
Are you or have you ever been in love with a fictional character (games, books, movies or TV series)? Which character and why?
Who is the most powerful artificial intelligence character in fiction?
Is the Bible the bestselling fiction ever, or are there other fictions that have sold more copies?
What is a good fiction to nonfiction reading ratio?
What fictional things, creatures and people should be real?
How can one reach the alternate ending in the interactive fiction "The Act of Misdirection"?
How do I learn to write interesting fiction and get motivation to finish?
What are the all time top 100 best selling authors' books for fiction including plays and poems that you have read?
What science-fiction technology do you think would be worth becoming a reality?
Which are the best fiction books ever written about interest in mathematics?
What are the best romantic, fantasy and inspirational (fiction or non-fiction) books to read?
What are some dumb things in the Wheel of Time series?
Is fiction ever actually fiction as most made up stories are based on something that actually happened?
What are the elements of a great villain or "bad guy"?
How many words should be there in a humourous-romantic fiction novel?
What abilities can be expected from superpowered fictional animals?
Who is the world's greatest detective, whether that be from a fictional or non fictional setting ?
What is fiction novel?
How do I write a story that is based upon a fictional world?
Why are most Star Wars fans so vehemently opposed to the idea of midichlorians?
What are some examples of 'factions' in dystopian fiction?
What are some fictional technologies you would like to see become reality?
Who are your top 10 writers of fiction?
What are the best English fiction books of 2016?
What is the difference in purpose between a fiction and nonfiction book?
Would you read a romantic love novel or a science fiction novel or a mythological fiction novel?
What are some good hard science fiction books?
Will reading novels or non fiction increase my brain's processing and ability to grasp complex concepts?
Is there hope for quality gay fiction and if it's out there where can it be found?
Can you write a one-page (normal notebook size) story? It can be a real, or created, fiction, adventure, horror, or love, or even sad, magic, etc., story.
What is the difference between surrealism fiction and fantasy fiction?
What is the best advice for fiction writers who are just starting out?
How do science fiction writers come up with designs for a spaceship?
What's the difference between translocation and teleportation (in terms of fictional magic)?
What are some of your favorite science fiction novels that give great (pedagogical) examples of physics?
What ‘deep’ fiction books would you recommend to a 15 year old?
What are some good ideas to write a fiction book about?
How would a work of romance fiction written by an author who's never been in a relationship differs from those written by experienced ones?
Is it ok to be emotionally numb but still be triggered by reading about fictional characters?
As a creator, how does it feel for your work to be popular to the point of fandom?
What other goals would an artificial superior intelligence have in a fictional story, besides destroying or saving the world?
Which human looks like a jellyfish?
Were there any fiction or non-fiction books that predicted the internet?
What is your favorite fictional flag?
How deep can fictional characters influence our acts?
Can you make a story using following words Man, women, Elephant, super power, Ice, Fire, Time?
To what degree is Stephen King's fictional Castle Rock environment realistic?
Why do we believe the story when watching a movie, even though we know it's a work of fiction?
Which single work of fiction has changed your life the most?
How many years off is WWIII (theoretically)?
How long would it take to bring down Sam Fisher?
What is a good example of a fictional narrative story?
Which is the best book we should read in the field of fiction?
Why do people attach so much rational to fiction and none to real rational situations?
I want to read fiction books which book I should start with?
What does Ezekiel Jones love gold or Ezekiel Jones?
What fan fiction websites are best for preteens to write on?
Could fictional stories really just be past life or alternate universe events being told?
Why do the Yautja hunt humans?
What are some fantasy/fiction books you really enjoyed?
How can I formulate a great fiction book idea?
Do I need to copyright my fiction work before approaching a publisher?
What is your review of Scream 2 (1997 movie)?
Are there any science-fiction stories about migrant workers in outer space?
If you could dance with any fictional character, who would you dance with?
How would a orbital platform in science fiction be infiltrated?
Is there any novel that deeply details where a society is governed by a philosophical-magocracy ruled by immortals that genuinely governs for good?
If you could buy a one-way ticket to any fictitious world, which would you choose?
Are there novels that talked about people that lived forever?
How do I send a cease and desist letter for inappropriate usage of my likeness and image in a realistic fiction novel?
Are there any novels like sports fiction?
What are some American fiction novels about sorcery and swords, but focuses mainly on one protagonist?
Can I publish my anime fan fictions?
What is the best example (in your opinion) of a completely walkable city? Real cities, theories or fiction apply here.
If the world of 1984 were real, what are the chances of it ever becoming ''normal'' again?
What is your favorite short fiction having memory or amnesia as a central theme to it?
What is your favorite fictional alien race and why?
What are some references to fictional colors that exist in literature?
What are some of the best science fiction, fantasy, mystery, psychological, and dystopian novels to read?
How can I create a fictional narrative story?
What is a great tagline for a fictional brewery?
If 42 would be the answer to life, the universe and everything, what would be real the question?
Can I use the name of a fictional book character as my modelling name?
How can I get a educational, non-fictional book published?
What are some good movies about emotional/psychological abuse?
What are cool names for fictional spacecraft that don’t exist already?
What are the best fiction books about politics?
If you could choose to make a fictional element or material real, what would it be and why?
Has television surpassed novels as the source for the most interesting and thought-provoking discussions amongst educated people?
How long should I read fiction books if my goal is to improve my grammar and writing?
How do you become a decent fiction writer?
What are some things summoned by magic users to kill other magic users in fiction and books?
Does fiction reflect reality? Or does it distort reality?
Do flash fictions still sell?
Which author created the biggest number of fictional characters?
What do you like the most about Sherlock Holmes?
Who is the weakest superhero of all fictional universes that can still topple the world governments if he wanted to?
What are some summoning's that can be reversed in works of fiction and books?
Why are evil characters in modern fiction and fantasy often depicted as asexuals?
Which science fiction universes represents slavery as one of its main themes?
Who is the most underrated Lovecraft creature?
Why do a lot of drawings of Rand al'Thor represent him shirtless?
Is writing speculative fiction dying as a career?
What do prolific storytellers on Quora make of the fact that "truth is stranger than fiction"?
Which speedsters from fiction are second to speedforce users and similiar characters with impossible speeds? How fast are they?
Is the overdevelopment of a fictional world to be used as the setting for a book or short story a good or bad thing?
What qualities make a fictional character a Mary Sue and how to avoid it?
What was wrong mentally with Billy Loomis and Stu Macher? (Scream)
Do you know a fictional languages written in circles like a mandala?
What do you think about abuse fiction becoming an increasingly popular genre?
What are some good fictional stories that are over 200 pages long?
Who are the most popular science fiction authors of all time?
What are some of the best quotes in fiction ever?
What mathematicians are amazing science fiction authors?
Is there a modern equivalent of Weird Tales?
Is the Idea of India a fiction?
What is the best HarryXHermione fan fiction you've read? I need some top quality recommendations, thanks?
How do religious communities differentiate between religious literature and historical fiction literature?
What are the greatest examples of autism in the fictional media?
I want to read some books based on genre that contains historical and futuristic fiction/fantasy both. What are some suggestions (English)?
Which colors suit on dark green?
Are there any fictional examples of a post-apocalyptic world where tech progress is non-existent and eternally ruled by some backwards empire?
Can you begin a fiction novel in 1st person POV-the view of the protagonist, then switch to 3rd person POV a few chapters in?
What are some examples of fiction in literature?
I want to write a fictional book that takes place during WWI, what are some important facts I should know about the war?
What are examples of allegorical fiction?
Why do I get weirdly attached to fictional characters who look like me?
What are the NGOs in Kolkata that accept fiction book donations?
Am I the only one who thinks that David Brent is quite possibly one of the most relatable fictional characters of all time?
Are there any good fellowships for emerging fiction writers in India?
Why do I have intrusive thoughts about fictional characters?
What other books are there like Da Vinci Code or Inferno, that are fictional stories based on real historical events - by authors other than Dan Brown?
Is it ok if someone were to write about politics (sort of like how Karl Marx did, but without the communism) and also fiction sci-fi and war fiction?
Which films depicting fictional, nonviolent events, are the most difficult to watch?
Which is the best Fictional character that has inspired you ever?
What fictional warrior could rival a Space Marine?
Do you think that as a society we take fictional works (movies, books) too seriously?
Are there any fiction books that depict a discipline, organized and intelligent character?
Why are nerds strong believers of fiction?
What are some non-fictional books about science fiction that are worth reading?
How do I write believable major corporations that have strong power over society?
What are some good, modern, easy-to-read science fiction books?
How do you feel about authors rating their own books on Goodreads & thereby bringing their rating up?
What are some of the best fiction books for kids?
Are there any sympathetic psychopathic fictional characters?
Was Emily Rose real or fictional?
Which is the best library in Delhi for reading fiction novels?
What are somethings you want to experience but can't because they only happen in fictional stories?
Criminals fleeing to either Canada or Mexico is a common staple of American crime fiction, but how often does it happen in real life?
Are there any fictional worlds similiar to LOTR in that there is regressive technological growth?
What do you consider to be the piece of anticipatory fiction (book, film, etc…) which best predicted the current American socio-political climate?
Who is the strongest fictional character without superpowers?
Are there good works of fiction (movies/written) which tell engaging stories by focusing more on principles and ideas and less on characters?
What are some fictional books like 1984?
What is the most terrifying piece of fiction ever made?
Is it arrogant when a fictional character in a book is described as being the best writer in the world and the author quotes the character's work?
Is fictional and hypothetical scenario interchangeable?
If you could choose someone else to be the next POTUS, alive or dead, real or fictional, who would it be and why?
Are there any examples of fictional dictatorships denying technological progress?
What is a perfect place to launch a virus (real or fictional) in the air?
What would be some entertaining books in historical fiction, adventure, classics or bit on science fiction?
Which series of fiction books can be the beginning point for a newbie reader of fiction?
What non-fiction books should a fan of true crime read?
What are some must read science fiction novels that don't have space travel and aliens?
Why is there no fiction on humans visiting the aliens?
Is there a psychology equivalent to science fiction?
If I were an ant size, would I be able to see things that are normally too small to see?
Have you seen your life in tatters? How will you react?
Who are some of the smartest fictional characters?
What are some alternatives to training montages in a novel?
If you are struck in traffic which fictional character comes to your mind, like if you were that character you can easily escape the traffic?
How long should fiction writer wait before trying to get published?
How much do comic book artists (superheroes, realistic fiction, etc.) earn on a yearly average?
Which is the best fictional audio book you possess?
Who are some of the best villain protagonists in fiction?
What are some YA fiction books you would recommend?
Have you ever stumbled upon really deep-going and insightful literary analysis of the City Watch novels from Terry Pratchett’s Discworld series?
Should speculative fiction be treated seriously?
What are some famous science fiction stories/movies. Made in Iran?
Which is the best fiction book about Dyson sphere?
Which book should I start reading (fiction genre) right now?
How do I get the most out of reading fiction?
How would you feel if you could break the 4th wall as a fictional character?
In "The Accountant,” could we say the English woman over the phone could be a real character?
Who is the most terrifying fictional sociopath and why?
Do Presidents in works of fiction have different vehicles than in real life?
Why can't people have fish daemons?
Who is the greatest manipulator in fiction?
What is your favorite Force move?
I have an idea for a story, but have never written more than two to three pages of fiction. How can I improve my writing?
What novel or story best captures the spirit of Texas?
Who are some contemporary, literary fiction writers of note in Hindi and what are some of their recent books?
If you wanna write a fan fiction of your favorite Chinese novel, what elements will you add into your work?
Do we have people named Sam Fisher in the real world and fictional works besides Splinter Cell series?
Is it okay to name a character in your story after another fictional character?
What is the most beautiful sex chapter in world literature?
What is the best way to write a fictional story?
Does Science Fiction inspire you?
If you could make any fictional character come to life, which would it be?
What are some self employment ideas for people who only want to read fiction?
Which science fiction good story books are you reading these days in 2017?
How do vampire hunters use the sun as their ally and main weapon?
What methods do you use to ensure you create deep, 3D characters?
Is it wrong to be in love with a fictional character that is impossible in reality?
Do men read erotic fiction or is this market entirely for women?
What is the best background music for reading fiction?
Why would aliens in work of fictions become rogue?
Is the word "Speedster" copyrighted, or can anybody use it in a work of fiction?
With Asimov and Clarke gone, who is writing "hard" science fiction?
How do you understand Michael Kirkbride's C0DA?
What is the actual life of a smartphone?
What should I do to become great fiction writer independent of the genre?
What are some extra-dimensional being in works of fiction?
How can I stop being in love with a fictional character?
How can reading fiction help me improve in my course of life?
Do successful people read fiction novels?
How do I write science fiction stories?
Do you still benefit mentally from reading non-fiction as opposed to fiction books in your vocabulary?
What are some books like Rose of No Man's Land?
If Lloyd needed help with the word, "the," how could he have legally operated a motor vehicle?
Is Ramayana a fact or fiction? Some archaeology department evidences prove it is true, if so how did the author write up the story?
What's the difference between reading fiction vs. non-fiction, psychologically?
As someone from a first world country, would you consider reading an African fiction book?
What would you do if you were 17 and woke to find no one remembers you?
What is a good novel to read to 3rd graders?
If a book is deemed "semi-autobiographical", is it considered a book of fiction?
What fictional monsters are you most afraid of?
Should I go into screenwriting, or go into fictional storywriting instead?
How many books (fiction & non-fiction) about the JFK assassination have been written in the 53 years since that day in Dallas?
You are tasked with writing a fictional story about one or more Quorans. Who would you pick, and what would the story be about?
What is the inspiration behind some of the greatest fiction stories of our time?
Apart from Darth Vader, Voldemort, Mr. Burns, and Ebenezer Scrooge, which fictional characters would be Trump supporters?
Is R K Narayan's Malgudi considered "fantasy fiction"?
What are the types of zombies that have been described in fiction?
Are there any resources you could suggest that can ensure accurate portrayal of the military?
Who believes that Mahabharata didn't happen? And its just an art of fiction?
What are some good fiction books about law?
What is the finest army in the Galaxy according to different works of fiction?
Time travel is a popular theme in fiction, however, it tends to always have negative outcomes. Is there a reason for that?
What are some book recommendations for newbie?
If you were to represent each nation in the world with any one fictional character, how would you go about it?
What are some must read fiction stories?
What are the positives and negatives of using your otherwise ordinary hometown as a fictional setting?
What are some non-fictional books about fantasy that are worth reading?
What are the Popular fiction or paranormal novels?
If you had to live in any authoritarian society (real or fictional) which would you live in?
If a place on Earth catered to aliens (fictional place on fictional earth), would the place be called exotic by other people, humans, and/or aliens?
What fictional work has the most terrifying depiction of body horror?
What are some of the best non-fiction and fiction books that you have read in 2016?
In fiction writing, should I start with creating the characters or their surrounding environment?
Is Ramayanam fiction or a real story?
What are some of the largest creatures or structures in fiction of any sort?
What are your thoughts on the book, "Cinder," by Marissa Meyer?
Is it always frowned upon to include backstory in the first chapter?
Which fictional AI is the most dangerous one?
Which TV series are similar to The Twilight Zone?
What are classic examples of journalism (non-fiction) addressing absurdity?
What are the main characteristics of fiction books?
Historical or fictional, what are some interesting salutes, and where are they from?
How would you create a safe future considering yourself a fictional character from the movie Transformers?
Do I have to have an external conflict in my book, or can it be completely within the main characters psyche?
What are the types of heros/protagonists in a literary work?
Which are the best life-changing philosophical fiction books that have been undertalked?
What are some good reference books for lovers of Science Fiction?
What is the most powerful fictional race?
What are some good fiction books that engage mature teen readers about anything?
How can writing fiction help my depression?
What are some plausible cases where a boy might grow up in a Christian monastery (any era)?
Where can I hire a cheap editor for fiction novels?
Can looking at images on greetings cards inspire fiction stories for children? I really enjoy looking at pictures.
Some say that Mahabharata is fictional, and is a tale written to inspire future generations. How do I prove them wrong?
Why are almost all science fiction weapons woefully inadequate compared to modern equipment?
Is it true that some characters in fiction, dont need to wear masks?
Does the date of publication matter in case of a fiction?
In what scenarios, would a technomancer/technopath be powerless?
What are some tips regarding writing stronger characters in fiction?
Do you think fictional stories should have grammar mistakes and colloquialisms in order to make the characters more believable?
How can I stop comparing myself and others to fictional characters?
In contemporary or historical fiction, is it better to use specific, real places, or a vague or fictional town?
If Osama Bin Laden was at war with Pablo Escobar, who would win and why?
Is there a good illustrated encyclopedia on fiction writers?
Who are some of the best fictional characters who don't talk?
How can I become like a fictional character I created?
What is the best writing references online for epic fantasy writing and historical fiction? Which blogs/websites/social media is good?
How can the internet/WWW user differentiate between truth and fiction, with so much misinformation presented as fact?
Are there any examples of fictional dictatorships having state-authorised criminality?
What are some lesser known masterpieces in fiction/non-fiction in a language other than English?
What are some weapons in works of fiction that can only target alien physiology?
How can I get the sales figure of a fiction novel?
Is Kaguya Otsutsuki from Naruto one of the worst fictional mothers?
I want to write fiction but have no ideas. What should I do?
What is meant by aerial fiction?
What would popular fictional characters answer to the question, "What was your greatest regret?"?
Do the kind of fiction characters we like (good or evil) describe who we are?
What are the best fiction books to learn about the Russian Revolution and communism?
What does the book facts and fiction written by Mark reveals?
Which 10 books should you read before leaving school?
Am I legally allowed to create a fictional character with the same powerset as Superman, but with a completely different status quo? Why/why not?
Where can I find bizarre texts that only exist on the internet?
What was science fiction called before the term "science fiction" was coined in 1929?
What are some good novels on Obsession?
Who is the most iconic fictional character in your opinion?
What are online websites to read full ebooks for free, both fictional and non- fictional?
My wife reads gay fiction, should I be worried?
What are the best Indian English fiction novels for youth?
What fiction books do you recommend for my new full time maid/nanny that would inspire her, entertain her and get her hooked onto reading?
What are the fiction books that leave a smile on your face after you have read them?
What are the most unlikely friendships in fiction?
What are you looking in a fantasy story?
Is it possible that this fictional parasite could reduce humanity to only a few hundred million strong?
What fictional world has the most unique looking creatures?
Why do so many atheists, who dismiss the Bible as fairy tales, seem to like indulging in that kind of fantasy fiction anyway?
Where does science stop and science fiction start?
What would it be like if a person shrank to three inches tall?
In TV dramas, the police always confront the criminal from the front and they escape out the back way. Is this just fiction, or is it true in real life as well?
What are some of the key themes explored in social science fiction works?
What are some well known villains from fiction with no humanity?
What type of fictional characters do you tend to attach to? Do you think that this reflects your subconscious somehow?
Why is fiction and poetry important?
What are the best books on how to write fiction?
What would be the biggest Fictional company?
Why is the movie industry bringing more sequels and fiction?
Is it fine to use past continuous while writing fiction?
Are publishers willing to publish Islamic fiction?
Did any work of fiction characters learn a new power where they can duplicate yourself?
Are fantastic and speculative fiction the same?
What are some recent must-read science fiction books?
What are the things an editor typically does for an author of fiction?
What time could I realistically set science fiction stories in based on the current pace of scientific progress?
Who are the most famous horror fiction writers of the late 2010s?
When writing a fictional book/story on football, can I use names of actual clubs/players?
What's your idea to turn our world into one like a game?
What advice is there for writers seeking a topic or plot for their first full-length fiction or non-fiction book? See if you can surprise me!
What are some of the best written fictional characters that are kids?
Which book publishing website is better for science-fiction: Amazon or Lulu?
With tropes like The Chosen One and Love Solves All Problems, is young adult fiction becoming too unrealistic and too anti-intellectualist these days?
Who is your favorite fictitious character and why?
Which is the best library in Mysore for reading fiction novels?
What fictional character fascinates you most?
Is there an encyclopedia that covers fiction writers that tells you about their writing style and how they contributed to the literature?
What is the most intimidating fictional character you can think of?
How would the US military function in the event of a 2nd American Civil War?
How should I represent a psychopathic character in a fiction?
What are good mystery fiction books to read?
Imagine you are given a chance to date a fictional character. Which character will you choose and why?
What is the name of the science fiction story where a man's entire life is the last message of a dying people?
In different works of fiction do vampires keep their intelligence and/or does it increase?
What great fiction books would an enneatypes 6 recommend?
What is the fastest fictional thing?
How do I get Interested in non-fiction instead of fiction?
I'm writing fiction about a girl who emigrated from Sangar Russia to Seattle US in 2006. Can anyone help with cultural or characterization tips?
If you write a novel, which is stated to be fiction, can you (legally) say nasty things about real corporations?
Does it help increase your intelligence if you read more non-fiction books than fiction books?
What is your favorite fictional religion?
What kind of erotica fiction appeals to male readers?
Why is fiction always more interesting than reality?
Which science fiction movie is the most accurate in terms of science, and which is not?
Why Indian writers mix love stories even in good science fiction books like 2024 Man on Mars, a great science fiction but mix with love story?
What are some examples of fiction books?
Are there European writer's workshops focused on Science Fiction and Fantasy?
I wrote a romantic fiction novella of about 27,000 words, do you think it is really short? How much words should it have at least?
How has science fiction affected the development of modern day technology?
How do you make a detective case for a mystery fiction? What are the steps to do so?
Star Wars (creative franchise): Why does Kylo Ren's light saber look like multiple strands of electricity?
If you could have the abilities, skills, and powers of any 3 fictional and non-fictional characters, who would you pick?
My birthday is coming up and so for a present I am gonna buy some books can you suggest really awesome fiction books which will be really memorable?
If you're a fan of crime fiction, does it ever get exceptionally preoccupying?
How do you view the role of empathy (ethical or otherwise) in fiction/cinema? What are your favorite resources on this?
Is everything in real life lamer than fiction?
Are there any historical fictional novels about Asiatic Mongol's rule of Eastern Europe (Golden Horde)?
What should I know about doctors so my fictional characters will be believable?
What are the famous fictional novels in the world that a new reader can read?
What's an excellent "coming-of-age" fiction book I could recommend my 13 year old daughter?
Who is the strongest psychic character in fiction not counting reality warpers?
I have never written fiction, and I want to try screenwriting. What should I do?
What are your favorite fictional characters that have a number as their name?
Why did CSI became so popular back then when it fact it is very fictional when compared to Criminal Minds and Bones?
Do you think literature can be a big help to our culture nowadays?
Can nonfiction ever be as great as fiction?
What are your favorite science-fiction novels of the last 20 years?
Who is the most cruel fictional character?
What fictional characters portray real and possible genius?
Who is the creepiest child character in fiction?
What software is used by authors of fiction to generate ideas on where to take the story next?
Who is your favorite fictional US president? Why?
I have a story about an assassin who confronts and kills both her parents who abandoned her, what dialogue should I use for the confrontation?
What is it that makes a story good?
What are some real life examples of "reality is stranger than fiction"?
How do I publish an anthology of flash fiction, probably as a 150 paged book?
What are examples in fiction that require an explanation that isn't suspension of disbelief?
What scientific fact do you wish were fiction?
How do I write a psychological thriller for young adult's fiction?
What are some science fiction stories about benevolent artificial Intelligence?
What is the name of the protagonist’s galaxy in ‘Sin Noticias de Gurb’ (No Word From Gurb) by Eduardo Mendoza?
Which fiction books are recommended that have the main character training mentally and physically?
What are the best fiction or historical books on revolutions?
Which fictional heroes do you see as actually being the villains of their stories?
What are examples of fictional schemes or accounts that have then occurred in real life?
When describing a scientific phenomenon in sci-fi, is it poor form to use parts of a concept another science fiction writer developed for his book?
What are some good ideas for a fiction story?
How would the course of conversation go if Sherlock Holmes were to meet Divyansh Mundra?
Has the quality of stories improved because of advances in technology?
How should I go about writing a 15 year old character who's been sheltered from evil and isolated from people their entire life?
Why does Motor Boat stay in the abandoned house in "Their Eyes Were Watching God"?
Which South Asian fiction writers, working in the English language, should be considered among today’s best prose stylists?
What are fictional country names ending with -land that sound realistic?
Do you know any liberal fiction writers?
For an agented *historical fiction* manuscript (debut), what word count would seem appropriate to an acquisitions editor?
What are some good books (fiction or nonfiction) that focus on ideas in cultural context?
Are there any major characters in fiction who struggle coping with psychopathic tendencies?
What annoys you when reading zombie fiction?
How do I publish my fiction work?
What fiction novels accurately portray law enforcement protocol?
Do you learn more from reading fiction or non fiction?
What are some amusing relationships between two profoundly different characters in fiction?
What are some examples of neuroscience-based science fiction?
Why negative numbers were considered real despite being only mirror image of those defined as real positive numbers, where any mirror image is unreal?
What is the best most well written villain origin/back story?
Is there any automated fiction story plot designing software?
What are some early fictional examples of aliens visiting or living on earth for non-invasion-related purposes?
What are some fictional works that have interdimensional history?
In science fiction, what exactly are "life signs" that people/ships will scan for?
What are some good examples of last names for fictional characters?
If you were to name your child after a fictional character, which character would you choose?
Is it scientifically possible to inhibit movements like virtual reality hardware does in fictions and keep total consciousness so you can play?
What are the best fiction novels of 2015?
What are some science fiction books that are great but has remained undiscovered and unpopular?
Which fictional book character can you relate to the most?
For the sake of science fiction, how would it be possible in our system for someone to be immortal and go unnoticed?
Who are some fiction writers who write about forests, mountains and the environment?
Can you recommend some advanced fiction books for the purposes of vocabulary building?
If any fictional character joins Quora, what kind of questions will be asked by or to him/her?
What is the best encyclopedia of fantasy and science fiction literature?
What are some of the best fictional antichrist characters?
What fictional character have you seen that comes closest to real life sociopaths?
What is William Gaddis's literary legacy?
What similarities are there between Westworld (fictional world) and Google (in real life)?
How much can you forgo in a time lapse?
What are some intense science fictions?
What are some fiction and non-fiction books that can make me laugh?
What is your reason for writing serious fiction?
What are some fiction literature books with themes of government and power?
How can I grow into a successful position as a bestselling teen/young adult fiction author?
Would it be a good idea to have a TV series with multiple seasons based on Lord of the Rings, The Hobbit and The Silmarillion?
Why is it easier to read productivity and self-improve articles versus fantasy and fiction?
What are some wildebeest in fiction?
Are there any female fiction movie characters that wears armor instead of a sexy outfit?
Does economics has anything to do with literature and literary theories?
Who is the favorite non-fiction author of Jared Kushner?
What is the science fiction book where the planet encouraged OCD in children because they thought they were prophets?
What would I gain after reading 40 fantasy novels?
What is your favorite moment/scene in a fantasy book, based on how it made you feel?
Who is your least favourite fictional character?
What is your favorite work of fiction of 2016?
What are ways to combat an inability to concentrate while writing fiction?
Would certain languages or cultures on Earth have been more advantageous in communicating with the aliens in Arrival?
How do you get over a fictional death?
What are some magical weapons to shield yourself in works of fiction?
Are you a curmudgeon?
What are good names for characters in a Twilight fan fiction?
What would be a good name for a fictional Japanese talkshow?
What are the best fiction stories in the history of mathematics?
What are some short GF-BF stories?
What does fiction shows us about the human person that nonfiction cannot?
How can an author predict sales of his book?
In your opinion what are the top five most powerful science fiction universes?
What are some accurate depictions of linguistic fieldwork in fiction?
How do writers write about real places (not fictional cities or world) and cultures they don't have first hand experience of?
If you have to choose three fictional or real fighting groups to conquer the world, what would be your choices and why?
Do all fictional books need to conform to scientific reality, or are people simply nitpicking?
How would you create a army of meta powered beings?
What would happen if Tyrion Lannister met Barney Stinson?
In fiction, how should you depict the female gaze in a lesbian romance?
Who are some people who were dubbed as the "most beautiful in the world" beside Hedy Lamarr?
What did actually happen when Percy took the lightning bolt to Zeus?
What are the best fiction books for a quiet teenager?
What are some good historical fiction books on the likes of 1984?
Is your worldview defined more, less, or equally by facts or fictional stories?
Can you list some of the best 'realistic fiction' movies?
What are the best Indian fiction novels (regarding medical profession)?
Who is your favorite author in horror and strange fiction?
I need a very emotionally intense, creative, and unusual series of fictional books to read. What do you recommend?
Is there a media thesaurus out there? Something that tracks themes, storylines, subject matter and genre across ALL mediums?
Which fictional character from a book, do you most resemble?
What have been the effects of reading fiction in your life?
Who would win in a battle between Jason Voorhees and a Xenomorph?
Is there any fictional book in which the main character is an atheist and remains an atheist at the end?
What are the most interesting science fiction tropes employed in Westworld?
Is Imperial March the best villain theme? If not than what is?
What are some trick arrows in different works of fictions?
Who is the most adorable fictional character you've ever seen?
Is it ok to exclude 'had' in a quote of a character?
What made you become an accomplished fiction writer?
Is Rani padmini a real historical character?
Why do we have fictional thoughts?
Are DC superheroes more realistic than Marvel superheroes?
Is it okay to write about religion fictionally?
Why is science fiction so popular in writing?
Is fiction closer to reality than we usually think?
Is the Bible subjective?
Can you write fiction in another language other than your main?
What species is the most evil in both fiction and real life?
How can I improve my abilities as a fictional writer?
What is your favorite educational fiction story?
How can I stop becoming attached to something too easily, especially fictional worlds and stories?
Do animals have fiction or imaginations?
What are some of the best English fictions you have read?
What can be the best classic fiction books to read for a 25-year old to start with reading?
How do I read fiction books and learn programming simultaneously?
How do people in works of fiction figure out how to turn their superpowers on and off?
Is there any written work of fiction that retells a story from the Bible in a really interesting and creative way?
Is the God of Ebrahim the most unpleasant character in all fiction?
What are some fictional stories of The Future set in years that are now in the past?
What is the name of the writing used for Halloween and horror titles?
How do I write a constitution for a fictional country?
What are the best influential fiction novels one must read?
What are the most badass fictional characters?
How can governments and other sciences help mathematicians receive better treatments than in the past?
Is constitutionalism real or a fiction?
Why are they making fictional story for upcoming "Annabelle sequel"?
In this, the real non-fiction world, would Nolan's Batman be able to stay untraceable? Just drive through a waterfall and disappear without a trace?
Have you come across a novel of fictional US government cover-up/conspiracy published in around 1940s?
Is writing a fiction tougher than writing a non fiction?
Are there good fiction works that explore the stage of moving to retirement?
How can you start as a non-fiction writer? What is the perfect writing schedule?
Is the Pulitzer Prize in Fiction a good indicator of literary quality?
Why are so many fictional schools named after William McKinley?
Please recommend a book? A narrative (fiction or non) with a compelling character worth emulating who undergoes a transformation?
Who is the best author of historical non-fiction?
What are the characteristics of novelette that differ it from Novel, other than just word count ?
Is there future prose besides Science Fiction and Fantasy?
What makes a good book cover for a YA novel?
Who would win in a fight between Wonder Woman and Thor?
What are some examples of fiction and nonfiction books?
Is it unhealthy to love a fictional character too much?
What are some orange and green skin beings in works of fiction?
Who are the top 10 powerful (fictional) characters?
Did Littlefinger really love Catelyn Stark?
How do fiction authors find an idea which really has enough substance for a full book? How do they finish it within a few years (if applicable)?
What are some good beginner fraction fiction books (3rd grade)?
Mark has 312 books in his bookcases. He has 11 times as many fiction books as nonfiction books. How many fiction books does Mark have?
What is the best Flash Fiction Story that you can write?
How do I write a good fictional story?
What are the best slice-of-life graphic novels?
What are examples of apocalyptic themes in films, TV and fiction created outside the US?
Who is the favorite fiction author of Jared Kushner?
If you had to name the single book that influenced your life, which book it would be?
How do you write a conspiracy story twist in fiction?
How do you feel about using the word 'as' when writing fictional novels?
What are some things I need to improve on this realistic fiction story?
Could you name a few good publishing houses for fiction in India?
What is meta-fiction? Why is it considered to be a characteristic feature of postmodernism?
What would life be like if we instantly spoke every thought we had?
Who is the slowest fictional character with super speed?
Which is the most interesting book (fiction)?
How is the fact and fiction contrast important?
Is there any legal risk for a fictional character owning real entities?
What is your favourite depiction of behavioural economics concepts in fiction?
Who is the best A.I villain in fiction?
Who is your favourite non DC/Marvel superhero? Why?
I want to write a science fiction book with complex politics driving the main plot. How can I accomplish this in a convincing way?
Is it advisable for an aspiring YA author to read YA fiction, even if it's not impressive?
Is Asgardi country real or just science fiction?
What is the best fictional character in Tamil?
What historical fiction book involves George Washington being executed for trying to raise taxes?
What are some good young adult fiction novels about same-sex relationships?
What would happen if the earth's molten core was replaced with chocolate?
What is it like to be abused, how can I write about it in a fiction book?
When writing science fiction or fantasy, is it more important to depict cultures that are realistic, or ones that reflect modern values?
What would a modern-day Modern Times be about?
Why would a person write fiction?
What are some good books about spies (fiction) that preferably involve LGBT characters?
What are the high rated fantasy and fiction movies?
What's your fiction to non-fiction ratio over say an average year not when Harry Potter came out obv?
What are fictional secret societies?
Does it make sense to read fiction if I'm into business?
There are many ways to tell the same story. How do you select the best one?
Why is "The Great Gatsby" considered fiction?
What are the different earths in the DCU map of the multiverse?
Are you fond of time travel?
Do you know any conservative fiction writers?
Are there any books or movies where old flames meet again, stirring up all sorts of feelings, possibly even having an affair?
What is a gravity well in science fiction?
What are the pros and cons of narrative fiction?
What is it that makes possible for a real story be paired up with some fiction to make a novel out of it?
Can I buy some shares and sell them tomorrow to get profit or is there a minimum term after which I can sell?
What are some ships of unknown designs in works of fictions?
What are the different types of fiction writing?
I want to read an Elena Ferrante book, what should I start with?
Are there any writers of good hard science fiction being published these days?
If you could be a fictional character, who would you be?
What does a fiction writing class in a workshop format cover?
What is the darkest piece of fiction ever created?
What are some optimistic films about the future?
What is the greatest inconsistency in the DC Universe?
Shouldn't Flash run forward in time (instead of back) due to relativistic effects?
Is there any fiction written in chronological style?
Am I a vampire if I need blood?
What fictional places have governing assembly?
Are there real secret elite ninja Clans that live in the mountains with crazy fighting abilities or only in fiction?
What fictional work has come closest to having what you believe to be the most realistic portrayal of extraterrestrial life?
Is “The Name of the Wind” worth reading?
If you have to take over the world with the help of three characters, fictional or real, who would you choose and why?
How should I add images in a romance fiction book? Can I assign one full page for an image or should I share it with text?
How many books (fiction & non-fiction) about 9/11 have been written in the 15 years since the terrorist attacks?
What is the difference between "fictional" and "fictitious?"
Were Henning Mankell and Steig Larsson greatly influenced by the books of Per Wahloo and Maj Sjowall?
If they could be real, what are some fictional characters who you'd like to have on your side in the zombie apocalypse?
What is a good young adult novel like "The Perks of Being a Wallflower"?
What’s the worst fairy tale?
What are some mindbending books to read about philosophy or science fiction?
What is an example of a plot-driven story vs. a character-driven one?
Who is the best Fictional dictator ever written?
Is Hawking radiation real or fictional?
What are the features of a good science fiction book?
What is a good name for a fictional viking themed country?
What were some crazy engeniering plans from the past that seem science fiction?
Do we have enough portrayal of mental health in young adult fiction? If so, is it portrayed properly?
Which place on Earth is the closest to fantasy fiction of any kind – you name it! – in terms of living conditions, environment and society?
Which well known fictional character is amorous, extremely caring/ethical, has a wide social network, and helps their friends a lot?
Who is / what is the origin of the fictional character named 白風之痕?
How can I reduce my addiction towards fiction serials?
I am writing a novel with a sidekick animal character. What are some animals that are not terribly common that I can use?
How did people first start thinking about personal force field? How were they seen then?
What theoretical evolutionary steps would a species have to go through to eventually become energy based beings (example: the dredge from Titan A.E)?
What are some flash fiction ideas?
If you had to choose between reading either fiction or non-fiction for the rest of your life, which one would you choose and why?
Can you recommend any good, serious, Overwatch fan-fiction?
How do I start a story when all I can come up with are the main plot points and how it ends? Also, how do I bridge those main plot points?
What's a good disaster-prepper fiction book? One with a good plot but without blatant gear advertisements.
How, in your opinion, can sensuality and intimacy be conveyed better in fiction (books, movies, TV)?
Homeopathic medicine is fiction. Why do so many people still recommend it?
What fictions have the best and the worst "internal consistence" (kind of low and high level of self-contradicting/paradoxical setup)?
What are some examples of realistic transgender characters in fiction?
What are some famous fictional INTP characters?
What is a good fiction book to read at the 7th and 8th grade levels?
Which are good courses/classes for foreign fiction writers to learn to write in English?
If you could choose a fictional character to run your country, who would you choose and why?
What in your opinion are some of the most overrated horror/fantasy/science fiction novels of all time?
How much character development/depth is there in classical fiction - relative to modern fiction?
Does it make sense that I write to fulfil impossible fantasies of mine?
What are some of the most beautiful literary descriptions of real places?
What is the best fiction featuring happy characters in bombed areas?
What is your opinion of Dan Brown's novels? I find it hard to understand the authentic and the'made-up' (fictional) part of his novels?
Why is it so much harder to write a poem than creative fiction?
What is this book title?
Which are some animals only limited to fiction and do not exist in reality?
What, in your opinion, is/are the creepiest, most chilling creature(s) from the realm of fiction?
In fiction why don't immortal people age?
I want to be good at drawing from my imagination but I have no experience. How do I start?
Why did Marsellus Wallace have a Band-Aid on the back of his neck in Pulp Fiction?
Why aren't there many science fiction games?
What is the best fictional character?
What is the name of the narrator of "Justine," the first volume of the Alexandrian Quartet by Lawrence Durrell? Is the name ever spoken?
Among English language non-fiction writers, whose style is your favorite?
How can Martyn V. Halm write so convincingly from the perspective of a blind person? Is he himself blind?
How should one write angels in Christian fiction?
How would you and worldwide governments respond if tomorrow, 10 million exact copies of you were distributed around the world?
Do you read ebooks and fiction novels?
What's the most poignant sentence you ever heard?
In what ways does the real 'Wild West' differ from the fiction?
Can it be called a work of fiction if it is (almost) completely based on someone you know?
When you are writing fiction, how much plotting do you do before you start?
What fiction features a devil as a main character?
Can a blind person become proficient in aikido, like Bram in the Amsterdam Assassin Series?
Do historical fiction novels sell and who are the best publishers to approach?
Is it common for fiction writers to imagine themselves a part of the world they're creating?
Were you influenced into your current profession by a fictional character?
Where can I find a good and free fiction writing course?
I write erotic fiction to get myself off. How eccentric is this sexual taste?
What are some good books for beginners who want to start reading?
What are 2 non fiction pieces in a similar style, by the same author, but about different subjects?
What are some examples of science fiction in the past becoming science fact today?
Who is your favorite not-so-famous non-fiction writer?
Where does most paper for pop fiction books come from, the US or the rainforests? Do you think its sustainable to buy anything new made from trees?
What are the best websites to publish your fiction blogs weekly and how to gather an audience for it?
What are some good popular science or science fiction books that deal with bioinformatics topics?
When preparing for TOEFL, should I read fiction or nonfiction books?
What order of monks would be a good choice for a fictional tale of monks who fight the supernatural?
If you had to name the single book that most profoundly influenced your life, which would it be?
Can you recommend any fiction on reincarnation?
If you were to write a fictional story of our country in the Philippines, what would it be and why?
What are the elements of fiction?
What is some good historical fiction to read about Istanbul?
What do you call the genre of fiction with floating islands and flying ships?
Do benefits of reading fiction include fanfiction?
How many distinct psychographic segments have been established in the field of marketing research?
Which is the best science fiction novel under 200 rs?
Why are fantasy books so long, and how did the genre become so popular?
What are some of the most prescient predictions in science fiction?
What are the top 10 deconstruction of fiction to watch or read?
What would happen if Tony Stark met Sherlock?
What do fiction readers want out of their book?
What are some of the best fiction English novel?
Can you truly love a fictional character?
What are the advantageous of omniscience over super human intelligent?
What are the most enlightening books of fiction you've read?
Is there a more beloved character in all of science fiction than Spock?
Can I hire someone to review a fiction novel that my kid has written?
What have you learnt from fiction that you could not have learnt from real life soon enough?
How do I organize my thoughts? I am thinking of writing a fan fiction, but I have all these ideas spinning around my head and I can't organize them.
What should I do to be a good writer of both fiction and non-fiction?
Do physicists write science fiction books?
What is the kind of novel I should write, fantasy/fiction or mythological fiction?
How would an armored brigade or division fight against zombies?
That lion is king of the cats, what’s the equivalent for “king of the goats”?
Is there any resources for writing military dialogue in fiction?
Are there any other fictional characters who are similar to Bella Swan?
What are some fictional history books written as if they are historical?
What major lead characters in fiction are portrayed as physically unattractive, or average-looking?
Where can I learn fiction writing and screenwriting in Bangalore?
What is the classification of fiction?
Are answers (not all) on Quora are fictional but depicted as real life incidents?
Am I wrong to feel that real science is painfully boring/depressing compared to science fiction?
Is it bad to use/overuse "it" and "its" in fiction?
What are the difference between a traditional literature and a modern fiction?
What is one quote from any work of fiction that you would love to say to someone and why?
What is Modern Fiction?
What do you think of the Batman/Wonder woman pairing and its hints in the Justice League animated series as well as the comic universe?
What are some good historical fiction books on Rajasthan?
What is the difference between urban fantasy, paranormal fiction and science fiction?
Who is your favorite not-so-famous fiction author?
Why do I prefer fantasy to reality?
Is it okay if I borrow some habits from the fictional character?
In Gravity, what is S-K-Dah and what does it mean?
What are some realistic fiction story ideas for starters?
What are some tips for writing a historical fiction novel set in the Victorian times, London, England?
How would you design the Snowpiercer?
What Aussie YA fiction books should I read?
Is it possible to disguise murder, or is that only possible in fiction?
Is it even remotely possible to terrify the Joker?
What are some cheesy, unrealistic sex scenes in fiction (books, TV, movies)?
What are some of the most beautiful descriptions of fictional places in literature?
Who are the best fiction writers in Malaysia?
Are fictional characters with insane methods loved more than other characters who are sane?
When is it ever okay to use adverbs in Fiction stories?
Why do I feel attracted to evil characters in fiction?
What are some good classic fiction novels?
Looking for an old science fiction anime about a kid trying to save a girl/princess in a weird tower or spaceship like dungeon?
What book publishers of young adult fiction would you recommend?
What are some best practices for a fiction writer to note down thoughts, prose, and ideas that come into your head at inconvenient times?
If you could choose any fictional character as a parent who would it be and why?
Who is the male equivalent of Helen of Troy?
What do you find more interesting: fact or fiction?
Do 'corporate troubleshooters' like Katla from the Amsterdam Assassin Series really exist?
What are some steps I could take to create a fictional modern day nation?
What fictional books would you recommend for someone who has an identity crisis?
Is Superman the best fictional hero of all time? Why or why not?
What is your review of The Fault In Our Stars (2012 book)?
What are fictional characters and how are they developed?
Is fantasy corrupting the honor of science fiction literature?
In fictional writing, If a killer sends a human heart in a box, is there a way for specialists to link it to the person it used to belong to?
Being a multi-genre author, is it an advantage or disadvantage?
Could the ancient Stark sword the original "Ice" be an Other sword?
How can I create an online fiction novel?
What are some great inventions that can turn science fiction into reality?
Who is your favorite fictional villain? What character traits led to this decision and how do they blend or contrast with the work's mood?
Is it normal for assassins to avoid using firearms, like Katla in the Amsterdam Assassin Series?
Can science fiction be the future of science?
What are your thoughts about this intriguing piece of amalgamation of science, maths, fiction and filmmaking?
What are the must read books under fiction for beginners?
Can I sell teacher resource materials with pictures of fiction book covers on them?
Does Batman love Wonder Woman?
What are some of the characteristics of gothic fiction? What are some examples of it?
Who is the most selfish fictional character ever?
Which are some good science fiction/fantasy short stories' sites?
Is it possible to play Go while blind, like Bram in the Amsterdam Assassin Series?
Who is the most tragic villain in fiction?
What're some tips for an aspiring science fiction author?
What are some religions (or books about them) that revolve around the universe and transcending?
What should I know about writing a fictional character who is a young transgender woman?
How can fiction reveals truth and what are some examples?
Should I take notes for fiction books?
What are some fictional and non-fictional stories that would keep children interested?
Is it possible to hate literary fiction but love literature?
What are some recommendations for great dystopian fiction novels?
What are some fictional books or movies with narcoleptic characters?
What would a fictional war look like between Mankind and vampires?
I'm looking for a great fictional book, that will teach me something new and interesting. Can you recommend me some?
Which author would you recommend to someone who likes to read political fiction?
What are some instances where a kissing scene is more intimate or sensual than a sex scene, in fiction?
What are the best fictional books about a young man trying to figure out what he wants to do with his life?
Who are the biggest entertainers on Quora? Who would you choose and why?
How can I write with so much pain, sadness, dread, anguish, and discouragement in my life?
What is the appeal and value of science fiction?
What adventure/fiction books do you recommend? I enjoy sagas and series.?
Can you help me to identify these characters from children's stories, nursery rhymes or fairy tales?
How do I detect a copied fiction?
How can I stick with an idea for my novel?
I'm 13 and I would like to create a book. My friends give me plenty of ideas, but how should I go about making my own ideas for it?
What is your favorite first line from a science-fiction novel?
Are Villains a thing of the past in fiction now?
What non Great House in Game of Thrones can raise the most men?
How do I begin writing fiction stories?
What fictional books would you recommend that are set during the Great Depression?
How do I stop getting obsessed with fictional characters?
What are some good love making scenes where the woman initiates and conducts the sex?
If Mukesh Ambani is threatened by Dawood Ibrahim, how would he respond?
You have to choose 7 fictional human characters, to survive the zombie apocalypse, who do you choose?
Can you recommend any good science-fiction themed poetry?
Which are some good science fiction/fantasy sites for beginners to submit short stories?
Why is Mary Jane name is used for so many fictional characters?
Has there ever been a successful Fiction book written in the form of bullet points?
What is DC multiverse?
What movies do you know that have an evil mayor?
What are some aspects of a beautiful short story?
What does "white elephant" mean in Hills like white elephant short story by Hemingway?
What is the most interesting book, either fiction or non-fiction, you have ever read? Why?
When I write, I give myself the body, personality, life I wish I could have. Is this an unhealthy reason to write fiction?
Why is it that for some fictional stories, some atheists say that both are equally implausible, but others are able to clearly chose?
What are some groups of characters, in works of fiction, similar to the lost boys of Peter Pan, in that they are on their own and have a hideout?
I have read no fiction since high school. On what good am I missing out?
Are there any fictional examples of a post-apocalyptic world where tech progress is non-existent and eternally ruled by some backwards empire?
What fictional character resembles Trump the most accurately?
What is the most probable/possible meaning of the fictional name "Wu Ao-Shi"?
What are examples of allegorical fiction?
I am writing a military/war based story, what are some examples of wars where its subjective to the reader who is "good" fictional or real examples?
What theoretical evolutionary steps would a species have to go through to eventually become energy based beings (example: the dredge from Titan A.E)?
Are there any great historical novels or modern non-fiction narratives dealing with ancient Israel?
What's the best way for aspiring writers to learn how to analyze fiction books and stories?
Is there a fictional killer based on H. H. Holmes?
If you could control any “element” or “force,” what would it be?
What are some examples of must-read modern French fiction?
What are some of the places to pitch/submit stories for a neophyte author (fiction or nonfiction)?
Which science fiction you want to happen in real life?
What is your opinion on this recently released controversial fiction book on Kashmir- ‘The Tree with a Thousand Apples’?
Is it easier for first time writers to get published with fiction or non-fiction material?
How many people on Quora like to review fiction by Indian authors?
What's the name of the fictional city 13 Reasons Why take place?
How much character development/depth is there in classical fiction - relative to modern fiction?
How can I make a fictional antagonist likable?
As a fiction writer, have you ever knowingly written something as part of a book or script that you knew was poorly contrived?
How long should fiction writer wait before trying to get published?
Which nationality do you think makes for the best (movie) villains?
Which fiction novel will you recommend to all Quora users?
What will the role of Bran Stark in GoT be?
Who is the most heroic fictional character in existence?
Can it be called a work of fiction if it is (almost) completely based on someone you know?
What are a few clear 'purposes' of fictional or real individuals?
Do Presidents in works of fiction have different vehicles than in real life?
Do you fill out fictional character profiles, or do you simply write?
Why is growth so important for fictional characters since in real life so many people just do not grow whatever happens?
What are some great, original, unique science-fiction/fantasy stories, books, or comics you would recommend for a person to read? The more recent, the better.
Guys, do you have any fiction books about Opium Wars in PDF you can share with me?
Would it be a good idea to have a TV series with multiple seasons based on Lord of the Rings, The Hobbit and The Silmarillion?
Do fiction writers often edit the wiki of their books?
I write erotic fiction to get myself off. How eccentric is this sexual taste?
Does multiverse theory imply that there could be a world with people with powers like the ones from any fantasy or science fiction movie?
I have a story idea, but I'm not a fiction writer. I just want to read it. Can I just publicly write the idea for any author that wants to take it?
What are some good names for a fictional heaven?
Which fictional character do you find most inspiring, and why?
What fictional baddie would you most like to be?
How do companies feel when trademarks become fictional characters? For example, the rejuvenated Gap Dragon in Xanth was named Stanley Steamer by Ivy.
What do you think of the Nine Sins in roleplay?
Why would aliens in work of fictions become rogue?
Is it okay to make a villain silly rather than threatening?
When preparing for TOEFL, should I read fiction or nonfiction books?
What is the different between science and science fiction?
What are some good fictional or non-fictional philosophical novels about life, relationships, and human nature?
How do contemporary fiction authors deal with new technology like conversation via text or Snapchat when writing?
What are some good names for a fictional modern city?
You can go into one fictional universe of your choosing. What would your role be in this world, and how would it affect the characters and plot?
What is the most powerful fictional government of any medium?
Why don't aliens have any answer to nuclear weapons in movies?
What is the best way to be intentional about becoming a better fiction writer? What should a writer focus on while following advice to "just write"?
Why is the best fiction always based on reality?
When writing a book, can you set it in a fictional place in the real world?
Which books should I read if I love fiction?
What are the best fiction books for a quiet teenager?
Is your worldview defined more, less, or equally by facts or fictional stories?
What are some tips for writing dystopic fiction?
Time travel is a popular theme in fiction, however, it tends to always have negative outcomes. Is there a reason for that?
How do you define a space opera as opposed to other forms of science fiction?
What is the most interesting book (fiction or non-fiction) you have read recently? and why did you find it appealing?
What are some must read fiction stories?
What are some non-fictional books about fantasy that are worth reading?
Who is the most adorable fictional character you've ever seen?
Do physicists write science fiction books?
Which For Dummies book is best for advice on writing fiction?
You have proposed better pop culture Muslim portrayals for increased acceptance. What is an example in recent fiction that you have come across?
That lion is king of the cats, what’s the equivalent for “king of the goats”?
In some fiction, a character's body is slammed against a concrete wall which cracks it or breaks it with their back. Is this possible in real life?
Are there any dystopias in fiction you strangely envy?
How are autistic people portrayed in fiction?
What is a posh, classy sounding city name?
What are the main characteristics of fiction books?
What would be a future (science fiction or otherwise) fastest mode of ground transportation?
What is the greatest non-fictional siege?
Fictional detectives always seem to have criminal archnemeses. Have there been any real-life examples of this, or is it just in fiction?
What are the ten best thought/fleshed out science fiction universes (books)?
How would a orbital platform in science fiction be created?
How can I sell my fictional and non fictional articles? If blogs buy articles, do they publish the author's name?
Do you think Terra-forming will be a reality or it will only remain an aspect of Science Fiction?
Is science a fiction?
Are there any examples of fictional dictatorships having state-authorised criminality?
What are some weapons in works of fiction that can only target alien physiology?
What do you find more interesting: fact or fiction?
Do the kind of fiction characters we like (good or evil) describe who we are?
What are the all time top 100 best selling authors' books for fiction including plays and poems that you have read?
What does the book facts and fiction written by Mark reveals?
Where can I find bizarre texts that only exist on the internet?
What is the most transformative experience you have had with a piece of fiction? It may be a book, a movie, a play, video game, you name it.
How do I form the demonyms of fictional planets and cities in Dutch?
What abilities can be expected from superpowered fictional animals?
Is there a trend of pop fiction in Kannada literature?
What are your favorite fiction novels, novellas or short stories that you recommend to others?
I want to write a short fiction story. Could you give me any writing and/or content idea?
Who would lead an imaginary evil army raised from the depths of history and fiction?
Why are most Star Wars fans so vehemently opposed to the idea of midichlorians?
Where does science stop and science fiction start?
What is an example of a legal fiction?
What film TV show/book that you have watched/read had the best structure and plot?
Lacking inspiration, can readable, interesting fiction be created using only the mechanical rules?
What is meta-fiction? Why is it considered to be a characteristic feature of postmodernism?
The lightsaber is the coolest fictional weapon ever. How do you create a cool weapon like this for the fictional world?
Being a multi-genre author, is it an advantage or disadvantage?
Are publishers willing to publish Islamic fiction?
What are some good ideas to write a fiction book about?
Are all of Tom Freeman's answers fictional?
Which “great“ works of fiction bored you and why?
How long does philosophical fiction need to be (word count)?
In fiction writing, is it okay to write a villain character who will turn out to be a hero later on?
Why do we believe the story when watching a movie, even though we know it's a work of fiction?
Which science fiction book had as its main character a police woman with gene-modified super skin, and there was a whale hooked in their "internet"?
What is the fictional address of Gafoor Ka Dosth?
What is the best fictional character in Tamil?
What are some fantasy/fiction books you really enjoyed?
Does reading fiction really affect and help in fostering students of English vocabulary in writing?
What exactly is "interactive fiction" and how does it engage people?
Should I take notes for fiction books?
Why is "The Great Gatsby" considered fiction?
Has your favorite fictional book, movie or tale revealed something about who you are?
What are some references to fictional colors that exist in literature?
What are some pink pig creatures in works of fiction?
Are you entertained more by the real world or by fiction? Are people in general inclined to favor one over the other?
What are the pros and cons of narrative fiction?
What are some fictional books or movies with narcoleptic characters?
What are some of the best science fiction, fantasy, mystery, psychological, and dystopian novels to read?
How can I create a fictional narrative story?
Has anyone gone through darkness but initially was in light but again came back to the light?
Can you recommend some authors with a similar style to Maeve Binchy?
What is the appeal and value of science fiction?
How do I begin writing fiction stories?
If you could rename the Percy Jackson books, what would you rename them as?
Are Villains a thing of the past in fiction now?
Why is Mary Jane name is used for so many fictional characters?
In novels, can a character have multiple foils?
When is a society a fiction of former glories- how ineffective is heritage weaving when it's no longer connecting identity to a sense of achievement?
What should I know about doctors so my fictional characters will be believable?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of having an ambiguous timeline when writing science fiction based in the future?
Can you suggest publishing houses in Melbourne that print historical fiction?
What bookstores in Tokyo have the best selection of Chinese-language books (especially fiction)?
Is there a modern equivalent of Weird Tales?
What is an example of a plot-driven story vs. a character-driven one?
Does having a good understanding of science make it harder to write science fiction novels?
What are the greatest examples of autism in the fictional media?
If you had unlimited money, how would you develop a fictional country in Bir Tawil?
When I'm narrating a fictional story, should I describe all the settings in the story itself, and what should I avoid?
What do fans of medieval history and fantasy fiction need to know and keep in mind in order to differentiate the two?
How did fictional people make his or her mythic weapons?
Why is Robinson Crusoe regarded as marking the beginning of realistic fiction?
What are the tips to write a successful book of fiction?
Where did this fiction come from that Sarah Palin is stupid? I know elections are important to Democrats, but it's bullying to write off people like this.
What is women fiction?
Who is / what is the origin of the fictional character named 白風之痕?
Do publishers prefer crime novels set in fictional towns/boroughs (legally speaking)?
Can I trademark the title of my fiction novel series?
Am I the only one who thinks that David Brent is quite possibly one of the most relatable fictional characters of all time?
How did people first start thinking about personal force field? How were they seen then?
What are some good fiction books based in Bangalore?
What is the best fictional book for a 12-year-old who is reading adult books?
If a group of people read the same story book of fiction, would the scenes they create with their imaginations be similar to each other?
What kinds of Indian books do you like to read in terms of genre? Does India have a great fictional fantasy book?
What are the pros and cons of providing chapter titles in a novel?
What are some best practices for fiction writers creating diverse characters, and avoiding tokenism?
What's a good disaster-prepper fiction book? One with a good plot but without blatant gear advertisements.
Is Jaqen H'ghar a mind reader?
How do fiction authors feel about people pointing out their typos? Would they prefer a review, an email or a note to their editor?
In Tolkien's fictional world, what are humans better at than any other race?
Why do so few fan fiction readers ever offer commentary and critiques when this is meant to be the whole point?
What is a good fiction book to read at the 7th and 8th grade levels?
If you could choose someone else to be the next POTUS, alive or dead, real or fictional, who would it be and why?
What makes a great historical fiction novel?
Are there any non fictional humans that have lived who are arguably more famous than Jesus?
How do I publish my fiction work?
Should I only write fiction about what I know?
Which are some animals only limited to fiction and do not exist in reality?
Who are some of the smartest fictional characters?
Is time manipulation powerful magic? Why or why not?
I want to be good at drawing from my imagination but I have no experience. How do I start?
What do you think about the book Great Again: The Fight for Freedom?
Is it typically necessary to practice Chekhov's gun to write good short story fiction?
What is the name of the narrator of "Justine," the first volume of the Alexandrian Quartet by Lawrence Durrell? Is the name ever spoken?
Could anyone suggest me some good fiction/mystery novels which are gripping and interesting?
Among English language non-fiction writers, whose style is your favorite?
What are best medieval history fiction books?
If you can hang out with any fictional character for 24 hours, who would you pick and why?
What are some reputed Hindi fiction publishers in India and what are their email addresses?
Can you recommend some advanced fiction books for the purposes of vocabulary building?
Can a blind person become proficient in aikido, like Bram in the Amsterdam Assassin Series?
What is William Gaddis's literary legacy?
Why can't people have fish daemons?
I have an idea for a story, but have never written more than two to three pages of fiction. How can I improve my writing?
Speculative fiction in general: Is there a difference between "dimension" and "plane of existence"?
Who is the favorite non-fiction author of Jared Kushner?
What's the oddest way you've been introduced to a work of fiction you ended up loving?
What makes an amazing writer?
Is it good if you feel vulnerable when you write fiction?
What is your favorite work of fiction of 2016?
Have you ever read Cyberpunk Science Fiction?
What are my chances of making a living off of rapping and writing fiction?
Is there such a thing as being too immersed in your fictional setting or characters?
What are some of the Doraemon gadgets that you want to have?
What separates popular amateur fiction from unknown amateur fiction, even when both groups have "bad" writing?
Do benefits of reading fiction include fanfiction?
If you could steal other people’s souls to live forever, would you? What would you turn into?
Why do many people like psychopathic fictional characters?
What are some books like Rose of No Man's Land?
What are fiction books that take place in Scotland?
Have you ever gotten so involved writing a story about a fictional character that the character's personality started to merge with your own?
What's the difference between reading fiction vs. non-fiction, psychologically?
How hard can it be writing your first novel that is fictional? Especially getting the motivation that keeps going off fast?
Who do you think is the best fictional writer?
If you could create your own fictional political party, what would it be?
What fictional characters would you invite to eat dinner with and why?
Which is more fictitious, religion or science?
(Spoilers welcome) Who are some narcissistic characters in literary fiction? Specifically cite detailed examples and titles of books.
Has any fictional series been written about India's special security services, the RAW, the CRPF or the Gorkhas?
What is the relationship between Indian English fiction and globalization?
What are some statistics about Interactive Fiction?
What made you become an accomplished fiction writer?
Could you suggest some fictional and non fictional novels that are helpful to improve English and aren’t boring?
Can you suggest me some good fiction books to read?
What responsibilities do/should fiction writers take into consideration when writing?
Non-fiction vs Fiction? Which one is better?
Who and what is Dagan Harris?
Do I have to have an external conflict in my book, or can it be completely within the main characters psyche?
What can be the best classic fiction books to read for a 25-year old to start with reading?
What is the best fiction book available on Amazon?
Is there any written work of fiction that retells a story from the Bible in a really interesting and creative way?
Where can I hire a cheap editor for fiction novels?
Who is your favorite not-so-famous fiction author?
What are some tips regarding writing stronger characters in fiction?
What are all the known spells and their uses from the whole Harry Potter series?
What is benefit of reading science fiction book?
In contemporary or historical fiction, is it better to use specific, real places, or a vague or fictional town?
Can sign language be used to 'read' someone a piece of literary classic (or any fiction, really)?
How did your journey as a fiction writer​ start?
How is this for a first science fiction-superhero novel- Nova Academy, by Scott Olen Reid?
What is a good fiction to nonfiction reading ratio?
What is meant by aerial fiction?
If you could kill any fictional character, who would you choose and how would their death effect the rest of the story?
What is the best Flash Fiction Story that you can write?
When science fiction stories talk about alien technology being made of an unknown "element," shouldn't it really be an unknown alloy or compound?
How can fictional characters, like Macbeth, inform our behavior in the 21st century?
What is the difference in purpose between a fiction and nonfiction book?
What fiction features a dictator protagonist?
Would you read a romantic love novel or a science fiction novel or a mythological fiction novel?
Is the list of 5 characters that survive according to GRRM's original plan for ASOIAF still relevant?
Your profile picture meets your favorite fictional character. What happens?
Who are the top TEN fiction writers writing in English in Malaysia judging by awards won and reviews?
Is it bad to have unrealistic characters in fiction?
What are some of your favorite science fiction novels that give great (pedagogical) examples of physics?
What are some great inventions that can turn science fiction into reality?
Who is your favorite fictional villain? What character traits led to this decision and how do they blend or contrast with the work's mood?
Is there any legal risk for a fictional character owning real entities?
When is Dominique Weasleys birthday? I’m writing some fan fiction and it would be really helpful if I knew this.
Is reading fictional novels important to life? How, and why?
What advice is there for writers seeking a topic or plot for their first full-length fiction or non-fiction book? See if you can surprise me!
What does Ezekiel Jones love gold or Ezekiel Jones?
Why are people so obsessed with the "classics" in regard to fiction? Is it a way of validating their intelligence?
What is your review of Scream 2 (1997 movie)?
What is the most intimidating fictional character you can think of?
If you could dance with any fictional character, who would you dance with?
What 3 pieces of advice would you give to a person who wants to do fiction writing?
What are some good books about spies (fiction) that preferably involve LGBT characters?
How do I send a cease and desist letter for inappropriate usage of my likeness and image in a realistic fiction novel?
What should I know about writing a fictional character who is a young transgender woman?
Does it make sense to read fiction if I'm into business?
What is the fastest fictional thing?
What is the most horrifying fictional infectious disease?
What are some touching and uplifting fiction books about the human spirit and it's goodness?
What is a gravity well in science fiction?
What is a great tagline for a fictional brewery?
How can I get a educational, non-fictional book published?
If you were allowed to kill one fictional character, which one would it be?
What​ are some fictional stories that you have created with other people?
Has television surpassed novels as the source for the most interesting and thought-provoking discussions amongst educated people?
What is the greatest inconsistency in the DC Universe?
How come Western movies focus on different aspects like science fiction, war, and why most of the Indian films lack such different perspective?
What is dark fantasy genre?
What would make a really cool fictional international villain, and what evil deed is he planning to undertake?
Who is the Indian Sherlock Holmes, fictional or non-fictional?
What do you like the most about Sherlock Holmes?
Which speedsters from fiction are second to speedforce users and similiar characters with impossible speeds? How fast are they?
Star Wars (creative franchise): Why does Kylo Ren's light saber look like multiple strands of electricity?
What are some aspects of a beautiful short story?
What qualities make a fictional character a Mary Sue and how to avoid it?
What are the saddest villain deaths in fiction ever?
Is everything in real life lamer than fiction?
Who are you most envious of—real or fictional—and why?
How strange would the first name Pixel be in medieval times for a fictional story?
I had published a fiction earlier. The contract has expired & the rights are back with me. Can I now approach other publishers to republish the novel?
What are some examples of the 7 elements of fiction?
Why would someone like only realistic fiction books?
Which work of fiction best explore China as the only new and only superpower?
I'm writing a parody of all the YA fiction cliches out there. What are some ideas?
What are the features of a good science fiction book?
Which fictional game character would you enlist in your personal army and why?
What are the top ten fiction books you would suggest an avid book lover to read?
Which are the best "latest" science fiction movies?
What's the most difficult to read science fiction book?
Are there any good fellowships for emerging fiction writers in India?
Why is literature so important?
What are some movies, stories or novels in which the character forgets about the boundary of fiction and non-fiction?
What are the best free international fiction writing competition in North America?
Do you have some suggestions on how to research properly before writing a (i) fiction (ii) non fiction book?
Are there any science fiction media that feature an independent brain as a character?
Are there any fiction books that depict a discipline, organized and intelligent character?
How do I start a story when all I can come up with are the main plot points and how it ends? Also, how do I bridge those main plot points?
What are some science fiction stories about benevolent artificial Intelligence?
Is it insulting to survivors to write a historical fiction novel about the holocaust?
What should I do before writing a fictional book?
Why is popular fiction dismissed as socially and politically conservative? How is it socially & politically conservative? Why might others disagree?
What are some good ideas for a fiction story?
Is it ethical to pen down some excerpts very loosely based on historical events in a fiction novel?
Are there fiction writers or wannabe fiction writers willing to work with me as a team?
What's a non-fiction book that can be compared to "Animal Farm"?
If a fictional character that you have a crush on appears in your home and demands that you marry them, would you do it?
What is a great dark fantasy book series for me to read?
What annoys you when reading zombie fiction?
Who is a better writer? Richard Dawkins or Charles Dickens?
What was the science fiction of the Renaissance period?
What are some good examples of Chinese contemporary urban fiction?
Why aren't there many science fiction games?
What is the best fictional character?
How do you get through a book in one day?
Where should you start when writing a fictional book?
Who is the most tragically screwed over character in fiction?
What is some science fiction on an epic scale like Dune?
How would you feel if you could break the 4th wall as a fictional character?
If you were offered a new wardrobe, but it had to be derived from a work of fiction, which would it be?
Who is the most terrifying fictional sociopath and why?
What is the best hard science fiction book of all time?
Are there any true utopias in fiction?
How does one design characters, plots, conflict within a fictional world that closely resembles our own?
What is your reason for writing serious fiction?
If you could bring one single type of technology from fiction, what would it be?
Who are some contemporary, literary fiction writers of note in Hindi and what are some of their recent books?
What are some of the precautions to take when writing a fanfiction?
Trace the development of modern English fiction with specific reference to the major shifts in literacy perspective during the nineteenth century?
What is some good and (mostly) historically accurate fiction set in ancient Mesopotamia?
What are the biggest civilizations of fiction in terms of population?
What are the best fiction/story books about Project Management (ex. The Phoenix Project)?
Would it be a bad idea to name my (fictional) daughter Chell?
Can I use a popular quote in my contemporary fiction novel?
Where can I publish fictional love story?
Would a book labeled as alternative fiction put you off buying it?
There's yellow peril science fiction of China/Japan conquering the western world, is there any 'brown peril' fiction of Indians conquering the west?
Who is your favorite not-so-famous non-fiction writer?
If Percy Jackson had accepted godhood what would he be god of?
In your opinion what are the top five most powerful science fiction universes?
Are there any good books (both fiction and non-fiction) about the Trans-siberian railway?
Is Ramayana a fact or fiction? Some archaeology department evidences prove it is true, if so how did the author write up the story?
If you could choose one fictional character (any media) to rule your country, who would it be and why?
What are the best Gujarati classic fiction books?
Is intellectual property protected on blogs?
How do we even know if there is an intergalactic catastrophe coming for us if we only see back in time through a telescope?
Can I register my company name under a fictional character or object from an anime?
What are the best adult fiction novels you can read in a day?
Apart from Darth Vader, Voldemort, Mr. Burns, and Ebenezer Scrooge, which fictional characters would be Trump supporters?
What are some good fiction books about law?
Can you identify this science fiction story?
Is Zeppelin / Blimp considered steampunk or dieselpunk?
What are the most enlightening books of fiction you've read?
I'm 18 and I want to write a fiction novel, is that silly?
Why do some adults like YA fiction? There are some really trashy writing in that genre.
Are the Jerry Springerish situations presented in some Quora questions for real? Either way, how do you know?
Is there any fiction novel in which girl has a love failure?
What science fiction television shows would you use to teach students about character development or plot?
If a place on Earth catered to aliens (fictional place on fictional earth), would the place be called exotic by other people, humans, and/or aliens?
How would you describe the character of evolution, if you anthropomorphized it?
Is western history built on fictional novels?
Is Ramayanam fiction or a real story?
Which piece of fiction or other intellectual property do you want to see made into a play or musical?
If you found out werewolves were real, would you kill them, befriend them, study them, or ignore them?
What are classic examples of journalism (non-fiction) addressing absurdity?
What are the difference between a traditional literature and a modern fiction?
What CEF level of English is needed to write a fiction book?
What is the difference between urban fantasy, paranormal fiction and science fiction?
What is the most powerful fictional race?
If you met your favourite fictional character, what would you say to them?
Is it absurd to admire a fictional character and to wish they were real and were your friend?
What fiction features a future authoritarian world revolution?
Can looking at images on greetings cards inspire fiction stories for children? I really enjoy looking at pictures.
What books (fictional/non-fictional/autobiographies) you would recommend to a beginner?
Why are so many fictional schools named after William McKinley?
Why do I feel attracted to evil characters in fiction?
What book publishers of young adult fiction would you recommend?
What would popular fictional characters answer to the question, "What was your greatest regret?"?
What are some realistic tactical backgrounds for females in federal agencies and the military?
Should we expect a space warfare soon?
Is it a good idea to read novels while preparing for finals?
What works of literary fiction also feature photography?
Is Superman the best fictional hero of all time? Why or why not?
Is there any superhero or a fictional character whose main ability or power is a superpowered car or a vehicle?
What's the place of science fiction as a genre in literature?
Who is the favorite fiction author of Jared Kushner?
What are some good books in philosophical-fiction genre?
What are the fiction books that leave a smile on your face after you have read them?
Is it possible that this fictional parasite could reduce humanity to only a few hundred million strong?
How can I engage directly with my readers and run discussions about my fiction novel, The Favored Son?
What are fictional characters and how are they developed?
What are some well known villains from fiction with no humanity?
Why is the movie industry bringing more sequels and fiction?
What are the best verses that were ever written for a fictional religion?
How would a work of romance fiction written by an author who's never been in a relationship differs from those written by experienced ones?
What should a person do if he is creative in making words (like novels, jokes, poems, songs, linings, fictional stories, etc.), but doesn’t have money?
Why am I not able to read fictions?
Do leftists not complain about exclusively attractive lesbians in fiction because it helps their agenda? We never see dykes in fiction.
Which strongest fictional character could you solo?
Is it immaturity of people who write up 1000 words answer about powers & weaknesses of fictional superhero characters and have a discussion on it?
How do you find time to read everything?
What is the name of a short story about aliens offering to fix earth’s problems by taking control for a long time?
Why would a person write fiction?
What do you think about fiction setting the bar too high for reality?
What is the exact meaning of "write a fictional account of XYZ Situation"? Should it be in a form of story?
Where can I find free fiction, aside from ficfun.com?
Are there any novels like sports fiction?
Does science fiction element makes a movie entertaining?
What are some places of great magical power in work of fictions?
Which fictional characters would you have loved to have gone to school with?
I want to read an Elena Ferrante book, what should I start with?
How do I make my fiction flow seamlessly?
Which fiction writers and works had or have the most accurate predictions or portrayals of the future?
Does fiction reflect reality? Or does it distort reality?
Who is your favorite fictional deity?
How has science fiction affected the development of modern day technology?
I wrote a romantic fiction novella of about 27,000 words, do you think it is really short? How much words should it have at least?
How would you react if you discovered that all fictional characters are real creatures living in alternate realities whose existence depends on us?
Is writing speculative fiction dying as a career?
What do prolific storytellers on Quora make of the fact that "truth is stranger than fiction"?
What is the strongest fantasy element?
Were Henning Mankell and Steig Larsson greatly influenced by the books of Per Wahloo and Maj Sjowall?
What is DC multiverse?
What is the most interesting book, either fiction or non-fiction, you have ever read? Why?
Should a fiction writer take a job writing nonfiction?
What fiction authors are writing Medium Series?
If you had to pick 5 fictional characters to live with for the rest of your life, who would they be?
Are autobiographies a type of nonfiction novels?
What mathematicians are amazing science fiction authors?
What's an excellent "coming-of-age" fiction book I could recommend my 13 year old daughter?
What are the best fiction books of our time?
What are the upcoming Indian fiction novels?
What fictional belief did you have as a child that you were disappointed to learn wasn't true as you grew wiser with age?
What do you think of people or fictional characters who act extremely neurotic and pretentious very often?
Do you think literature can be a big help to our culture nowadays?
Do you know about famous women or in fiction who died of a heart related disease?
What twelve fiction books should I buy for my daughter?
Who is your favourite fictional antagonist?
Which fictional character has the best introduction?
What are some real life examples of "reality is stranger than fiction"?
How do you get your fiction/non-fictions in India?
What would be a good building to use as the American headquarters of a fictional Illuminati?
What are some books that use POV chapters as well as ASOIAF?
What are some of the best fiction books for kids?
Why do the Yautja no longer feel pain, fear, mercy, and hesitation, and how did this happen?
Was Emily Rose real or fictional?
When describing a scientific phenomenon in sci-fi, is it poor form to use parts of a concept another science fiction writer developed for his book?
What is a good historical fiction novel, historically accurate and not about wars/gruesome?
Is there any fictional and non-fictional book reading app?
What is the process in writing a fiction book?
What are some of the best fictional (love story) novels and movies?
If you could choose a fictional character to run your country, who would you choose and why?
What is the most futuristic and surreal thing you have ever seen in science fiction or fantasy fiction?
What is the best fiction featuring happy characters in bombed areas?
Where are the best places to scrape metadata about popular fiction books?
What is your opinion of Dan Brown's novels? I find it hard to understand the authentic and the'made-up' (fictional) part of his novels?
Do you prefer happy or sad endings? Realism or fantasy in your literature?
What are some weird alien monsters in work of fictions?
How many fictional universes can you name that each have their own equivalent of the Living Tribunal?
How important is it to create an antagonist to build a perfect recipe for drama in a fiction?
Which is the best fictional audio book you possess?
Will some of the modern fictional works based on Hindu gods and characters become "smritis" in future?
Which is the best fiction book about Dyson sphere?
Who are some fiction writers who write about forests, mountains and the environment?
Which book should I start reading (fiction genre) right now?
Which is the most trusted publisher for fiction novels in Mumbai, India?
Why is travelling backwards in time such nonsense even in science-fiction?
Can The Witcher be considered a work of fiction as good as The Lord of the Rings?
What is Bellovian irony?
If seven maids with seven mops swept it for half a year, do you suppose it's possible they could make it clear?
What do you think are three of the best duels in fiction?
Why does science fiction tend to be emotionally cold?
What would I gain after reading 40 fantasy novels?
Your favorite fictional character is coming to kill you. You are allowed one fictional weapon of your choice to defend yourself. What do you choose?
How do you get over a fictional death?
What are some artifacts that can turn a run-of-the-mill children's magician into someone who can transform matter, control minds in fiction and books?
Is there interest in a website for fiction book summaries?
What are the common flaws in science fiction?
How can I stop being in love with a fictional character?
Who'd be in your all time kingsguard?
What are some good Indian fiction novels about love?
Can you recommend any fiction on reincarnation?
What is the most useless science fiction gadget?
Is Padmavati a real or fictional character?
What are the top 10 deconstruction of fiction to watch or read?
Will our art and fiction become obsolete in the time of AI?
What do fiction readers want out of their book?
What are the best stories or fiction books to change your traits, worldview, motivation, etc.?
Who is the most endearing/lovable fictional character?
What is the best fiction to read today?
Can you write about black characters without mentioning race, culture, history or politics?
What are the positives and negatives of using your otherwise ordinary hometown as a fictional setting?
Can I hire someone to review a fiction novel that my kid has written?
What are some of the darkest books/novels/poems that you've read? Fiction or Non-fiction.
Of currently existing fictional characters, which would Ivan Tregear most like to voice?
Are DC superheroes more realistic than Marvel superheroes?
What are some ways to subtly suggest to the reader that the narrator is unreliable when writing a work of fiction?
Why is science fiction so popular in writing?
What are some fictional history books written as if they are historical?
How would you create a safe future considering yourself a fictional character from the movie Transformers?
Can you write fiction in another language other than your main?
How can I improve my abilities as a fictional writer?
How is it like to read a chronological novel from back to front?
How do I decide what book genre a character belongs in?
Do you think fictional characters may exist in a different dimension or reality?
Why should I be interested in fiction, when reality is so extreme? (I wish I had a dollar for each time I've heard "You can't make this stuff up!")
Is there a fictional character you loved as a child, yet grew to hate as an adult?
Is it possible that the fictional ley lines were inspired by fault lines?
How accurate is criminal minds and what are some fictional things that are in it?
Do you think fictional stories should have grammar mistakes and colloquialisms in order to make the characters more believable?
What is the difference between churches and "legal fiction" (like LLCs)?
Can only one space marine from Warhammer 40k be able to take out the entire axis force from WW2?
Which fictional character's personality and actions are closest to yours?
What makes a good book cover for a YA novel?
Did Littlefinger really love Catelyn Stark?
What's the point of (f) Aegon's storyline?
Why does fiction matter?
Copyright law: Is it okay for a fiction writer to use similar or identical themes that may already exist in other novels?
How do I write a good fictional story?
What are some incredible feats of stealth in fictional characters?
What are examples of apocalyptic themes in films, TV and fiction created outside the US?
Who are your top 10 writers of fiction?
Which fictional universe would win in a fair 'rap battle' against all fictional universes?
How do you select an ethnicity for a fictional character?
What do you think makes a fictional character good or evil?
If mankind created sentient robots, would they have equal rights?
How do you write fictional characters based on real people you know?
If you can be a member of a military unit in the past, now or fictional, which one will you join?
What time could I realistically set science fiction stories in based on the current pace of scientific progress?
Can I sell teacher resource materials with pictures of fiction book covers on them?
What are some of the characteristics of gothic fiction? What are some examples of it?
How can I formulate a great fiction book idea?
What are some must-read English fiction books?
Is there any novel that deeply details where a society is governed by a philosophical-magocracy ruled by immortals that genuinely governs for good?
What are some elements of realistic fiction? How can they be applied?
Imagine you are given a chance to date a fictional character. Which character will you choose and why?
What's your fiction to non-fiction ratio over say an average year not when Harry Potter came out obv?
How can fiction reveals truth and what are some examples?
What are the worst 'literary fiction' novels you have read?
The Victorian era is often portrayed in fiction as a time where high moral values were affirmed but not practiced. Is this a fair portrayal?
What's the most interesting fictional world you've read/seen/heard about?
What are some of the best magic systems in fiction?
What are some instances where a kissing scene is more intimate or sensual than a sex scene, in fiction?
What is your favorite quote from any novel?
Why did novelist Nelson Algren choose to write about poor people and criminals?
Do flash fictions still sell?
What are some good love making scenes where the woman initiates and conducts the sex?
Why are evil characters in modern fiction and fantasy often depicted as asexuals?
Which are some good science fiction/fantasy sites for beginners to submit short stories?
How choppy can a novel segment be?
What are some historical fiction books that a young adult must read?
How much leeway do you give a book before giving up on it?
Do you strangely envy all those emotionless dystopias in fiction?
I have a main character from Scarborough, North Riding, Yorkshire. What can you tell me about the local culture here?
What are your favorite fictional characters that have a number as their name?
What is an underrated fictional character that you have a crush on?
Has any work of fiction, or alternative history, ever been written, postulating the legal prosecution of Hitler at the Nuremberg trials?
Can you suggest some interesting fiction books for read with intermediate level? (English)
Why do I have intrusive thoughts about fictional characters?
What software is used by authors of fiction to generate ideas on where to take the story next?
Are there any science fiction media that feature friendly robots?
What fiction books should I read?
What are examples in fiction that require an explanation that isn't suspension of disbelief?
What are some best psychological thriller fiction novel?
What fictions have the best and the worst "internal consistence" (kind of low and high level of self-contradicting/paradoxical setup)?
Who are the three most archetypal characters in the history of fiction?
What is the dominant philosophy in classic fiction?
What is a good style of fiction writing?
What do you consider to be the piece of anticipatory fiction (book, film, etc…) which best predicted the current American socio-political climate?
What are fictional country names ending with -land that sound realistic?
Does it make sense that I write to fulfil impossible fantasies of mine?
Which are your top 5 books (fiction or nonfiction) for 2016-17? Please support your recommendation with reasons.
Which contemporary science fiction author writes the most like Michael Crichton?
What are some important facts about realistic fiction?
What is your greatest desire as a science fiction writer?
What romance fiction books should a young adult read?
What, in your opinion, is/are the creepiest, most chilling creature(s) from the realm of fiction?
Which is the best romantic fiction novel you have read?
Where is the line between YA and Adult Fantasy fiction drawn?
If you are struck in traffic which fictional character comes to your mind, like if you were that character you can easily escape the traffic?
Which fictional books should I read during 12th vacation?
Are there any great fiction books about happy people?
Can you suggest 10 fiction books to buy when I really enjoy philosophy and complex language used well?
Why do you write fiction?
Which are some good crime fictions based in Texas/Louisiana?
What fiction features a devil as a main character?
As a Black Sails fan do you feel the show has gone downhill by adding more fiction onto the storyline?
What makes the world of The Witch Who Came in from the Cold different from other fictional worlds?
Do historical fiction novels sell and who are the best publishers to approach?
What are two science fiction movies deserved to be seen?
How realistic is Bob Lee Swagger?
What is the best motivational fiction book?
What are the top 10 worst fan fictions ever written?
Does economics has anything to do with literature and literary theories?
What is the best way to write a fictional story?
How would a legion of vampires be created in fiction and why?
I recently went to a bookstore and was disappointed with the fiction selection. Can anyone recommend good contemporary literary fiction?
What is the best, most in-character, and most emotionally provocative piece of fan fiction you have ever read?
Who are your top 5 fictional characters of all-time?
What fictional city in the DC universe would you most like to live in? Why?
Is it true that today, commercial fiction is bland garbage, while only some innovative literature will be remembered as classics in the future?
What are some short GF-BF stories?
How would you rephrase "Despite the fact that your company has not announced competition"? (competing to get a job)
What are some extra-dimensional being in works of fiction?
(Detailed answers please.) What would you think the everyday life of the (objectively) most stunning and beautiful woman in the universe would be like?
If you could choose one fictional character to protect you, who would you choose?
What do you call the genre of fiction with floating islands and flying ships?
What is the first novel that got you interested in fiction?
What fictional work has the coolest designs for its space ships?
Do all fictional books need to conform to scientific reality, or are people simply nitpicking?
How did your journey as a fictional writer started?
Why are fantasy books so long, and how did the genre become so popular?
How do you efficiently introduce readers to a fictional setting?
What is a good novel to read to 3rd graders?
What do you think are some of the most underrated science fiction films?
What would happen if Tony Stark met Sherlock?
What are some good science fiction stories from India? Film, books, and so on.
How can I get blue fiction on Quora?
What fictional government is most evil?
I need a very emotionally intense, creative, and unusual series of fictional books to read. What do you recommend?
Why can't fictional characters be real?
Why are human beings addicted to fiction?
I'm an 8th grader who wants to become a fiction writer. What do I need to do in school?
What is the classification of fiction?
Is the Bible subjective?
Who would have won the fight had Wildlings not come to the rescue?
What is the worst thing that can happen to a man?
Are answers (not all) on Quora are fictional but depicted as real life incidents?
What are some fictional villains that the main protagonist of the fictional work are scared of?
What are the most famous fictional characters who save the day, get the hot chick but are bald?
What are some good historical fiction books on Rajasthan?
What are some good reference books for lovers of Science Fiction?
What is the name of the writing used for Halloween and horror titles?
Does the date of publication matter in case of a fiction?
What are the most badass fictional characters?
What are some tips for writing a historical fiction novel set in the Victorian times, London, England?
What are the Physics rules that is a must in a fantasy novel?
What are space fiction books in Kannada?
What are the elements of a good fictional story that both critics and general audiences enjoy?
Who are some of the best fictional characters who don't talk?
What are the best novels with science fiction and humor?
If you could build one thing, anything from your imagination, even if it’s science fiction, what would it be? Why?
How do I get my book (fiction) reviewed without compromising the ownership rights? The book is still in soft copy.
Was Hecate Poole the best character of Penny Dreadful?
Which fictional character scares you the most and why?
What is fanfiction? Also, can you explain the meaning of fandom?
What are some best practices for a fiction writer to note down thoughts, prose, and ideas that come into your head at inconvenient times?
How can I get the sales figure of a fiction novel?
Which writing frameworks allow me to personalize my fiction towards aspects about my reader?
What are some orange and green skin beings in works of fiction?
What are the best modern fiction books about traveling to the future?
In what ways does the writing process differ for nonfiction compared to fiction?
Who is the world's greatest detective, whether that be from a fictional or non fictional setting ?
How do I write a story that is based upon a fictional world?
How do you write a conspiracy story twist in fiction?
What fiction do you recommend I read? (Check description.)
What is the best advice for fiction writers who are just starting out?
Is it fine to use past continuous while writing fiction?
What is the one fictional book you cannot do without?
Is there any book that narrates the emotions of a person who sabotaged his own relationship, life?
Is it normal for assassins to avoid using firearms, like Katla in the Amsterdam Assassin Series?
What are your thoughts about this intriguing piece of amalgamation of science, maths, fiction and filmmaking?
What fictional books can I apply psychoanalytic criticism to?
To what degree is Stephen King's fictional Castle Rock environment realistic?
When writing fiction, is it appropriate to tell the plot through dialogue?
What are some spells to become a fairy in fiction?
What would the conversation be like, if you could meet your favorite fictional character?
Which is the best book we should read in the field of fiction?
What is a good example of a fictional narrative story?
What are some good young adult fiction novels about same-sex relationships?
Who is the most selfish fictional character ever?
If you had a chance to have a fictional character as your spouse, who would be it?
What're some tips for an aspiring science fiction author?
What advice would you give someone writing a fictional novel about aliens?
What should I read in young adult fiction?
Is there a more powerful weapon in fiction than this?
What is your favorite fictional alien race and why?
Are there any books or movies where old flames meet again, stirring up all sorts of feelings, possibly even having an affair?
Can I buy some shares and sell them tomorrow to get profit or is there a minimum term after which I can sell?
Who was the real Sherlock Holmes and how similar is he to the fictional character?
What are some examples of fiction literature? How is fiction literature different from non fiction literature?
Which authors of fiction succeeded on their first book?
What are the different types of fiction writing?
What does a fiction writing class in a workshop format cover?
Can you help me to identify these characters from children's stories, nursery rhymes or fairy tales?
How is writing science fiction different from writing other kinds of fiction?
Is inception possible in real life? Or it is just a fiction?
What is the difference between "fictional" and "fictitious?"
What are the coolest alien species in fiction?
If they could be real, what are some fictional characters who you'd like to have on your side in the zombie apocalypse?
If you conjure a fictional character from your imagination, could it be possible that you are really telling a past-lived story without even knowing so?
Is Hawking radiation real or fictional?
What is the worst piece of fiction you have written?
Do people prefer reading crime fiction in India?
I want to write a fictional book that takes place during WWI, what are some important facts I should know about the war?
Do you believe that death is just a fiction?
Which are the must-read English books about Northeast India, both fiction and non-fiction?
How do you avoid sounding cheesy when writing fictional stories?
How can I reduce my addiction towards fiction serials?
What genre do fiction books that have complex political plots belong to?
What fiction characters with abilities/superpowers are vulnerable to concussive weapons?
Can you recommend any good, serious, Overwatch fan-fiction?
Do you think that as a society we take fictional works (movies, books) too seriously?
If you could completely fabricate a Quora answer, what would the question be, and what would be your answer?
What will happen between Jaime and Cersei in season 7?
How do I deal with falling for the fictional character?
How do fact and fiction differ?
What are some good, modern, easy-to-read science fiction books?
What would happen if all comics characters, beside Deadpool, found out that they are just fictional creations? Was there ever written story like this?
Which fictional heroes do you see as actually being the villains of their stories?
How do I write a science fiction book without making it sound unreal?
What would be the optimal weapons/armor combination for a fictional urban vigilante?
What are some of the challenges of writing contemporary fiction today that weren't an issue ten years ago?
What fiction has a hell as a setting?
If aliens came to our planet and said "Bring us to your leader!" who would you pick as the world's leader?
What is the art of fiction?
What are the best fiction books about Rome?
Which are some of the best science fiction stories of all time?
Did you ever get inspired by a fictional novel and set out to write your own?
Are there science fiction movies/books/games with only theoretically possible technologies?
Can any fictional super hero be real?
What is lacking from a reading experience?
Who are some of the best villain protagonists in fiction?
A science fiction story I read years ago had the final line "To ask a good question, you must almost know the answer." Is this true?
Which type of novel is more beneficial fiction or non fiction?
What does it mean that Greg Egan's "Permutation City" touches on the nature of consciousness?
How many of you really believe in god like it’s something supernatural?
When writing fiction, what is a cultural conflict that could take place on the following map?
Are original characters in a fan fiction better than canon characters?
How would the public react to a fiction book that has justified (not really) terrorism or terrorism that tries to be justified?
What were some challenges with creating and depicting a fictional African culture?
What is the best way to go about getting fiction published for a first-time writer?
Do authors receive any success by spreading their written work or being active on Medium?
Who is a terrible villain from an otherwise good fictional work?
What's a really good young adult fiction book I should read?
What are some magical weapons to shield yourself in works of fiction?
What is the best way to set mood in a story without just describing surroundings?
Do you read more non-fiction books, or more fiction books?
Why are the best fiction writing tools for Windows?
What does fiction shows us about the human person that nonfiction cannot?
If you had to name the single book that most profoundly influenced your life, which would it be?
What's your experience with horror fiction? Have you ever written anything in this genre?
What are the characteristics of a fictional narrative story?
I have a fictional disease I made and I'm looking to the closest real life version there is. Can any of you give suggestions?
Do successful people read fiction novels?
How many distinct psychographic segments have been established in the field of marketing research?
How realistic do male characters tend to be in most young adult/teen fiction?
How would you create a army of meta powered beings?
Why does reference to 'books' often default to 'fiction books' and skip 'non-fiction'?
What should every aspiring interactive fiction creator/writer know about interactive fiction?
What fictional monsters are you most afraid of?
Can an author write about a science-fictional war of America vs. England in the future? Do you think the states would get offended?
Which is your fave suspense thriller fiction novel? Mine is “Gone Girl”.
In your opinion, how does the Dark Tower series mix fantasy, science fiction, and horror so well?
What are some good English crime novels with amazing cliffhangers?
It started as a coping mechanism for anxiety, but now I very often have fictional characters talking to me and interacting in my head. What do I do?
Where can I find hindi to english translator for fiction novel?
What is the best POV for science fiction?
What are some ideas of fiction books for kids?
Is Imperial March the best villain theme? If not than what is?
If you found out that the world you lived in was fictional, how would you convince everyone else?
How do I organize my thoughts? I am thinking of writing a fan fiction, but I have all these ideas spinning around my head and I can't organize them.
What is your favourite ever helmet, Real or Fictional?
How do people in works of fiction figure out how to turn their superpowers on and off?
What are some fictional stories of The Future set in years that are now in the past?
Why do I prefer fantasy to reality?
How do I write a constitution for a fictional country?
Are fictional stories necessary in order to understand real events, e.g. wars?
What would happen if all the fictional villains came to life?
Is space travel a real thing or still fiction?
Suddenly, everyone on Earth is given a random fictional object. What happens?
Who were/are the greatest British fiction literature translators?
Is it even remotely possible to terrify the Joker?
Which are the best fictional bloggers? Especially Indian?
Is there a good illustrated encyclopedia on fiction writers?
Is writing a fiction tougher than writing a non fiction?
How difficult is it for fiction writers to determine proper dialogues for various characters that consistently differentiate their personalities?
How can I become like a fictional character I created?
What is novum in science fiction?
Is science fiction becoming more mainstream?
Would youlike to help me write my fan fiction?
Do you think the genre of Film Noir could be reborn (or rebooted) especially as a vehicle for science fiction? (Think Heinlein, Asimov, Doc Smith)
What are the characteristics of novelette that differ it from Novel, other than just word count ?
Is Illuminati real or is it a fictional conecpt?
Is there a piece of software that estimates climactic zones based on fictional geography?
Is life experience crucial to being a good fiction author?
How is dystopian fiction related to the historical moment it is created in?
Who is the scariest heroic fictional character?
What if real life physics were applied to your favorite fictional character?
What are the best romantic, fantasy and inspirational (fiction or non-fiction) books to read?
(fiction writing) Is it possible to poison an object so that someone who uses it eventually gets intoxicated without even noticing it?
How many words should be there in a humourous-romantic fiction novel?
What are some ethical issues with fan fiction?
What are some good hard science fiction books?
Could you name a few good publishing houses for fiction in India?
How is the process of writing different between writing fiction and writing non fiction?
In fictional writing, If a killer sends a human heart in a box, is there a way for specialists to link it to the person it used to belong to?
What do you think would be the mentality of a 3,118 year old immortal man?
Did any work of fiction characters learn a new power where they can duplicate yourself?
How can I create an online fiction novel?
Which human looks like a jellyfish?
Are all myths fiction and untrue?
Which is the best fiction book to read?
What's the most realistic way to get your two main characters to meet for the first time in a fiction story?
Who are the most famous horror fiction writers of the late 2010s?
If you ever needed to consult or retain a detective, which fictional American detective would you approach--Continental Op, Marlowe, or Donald Lam?
Does Batman love Wonder Woman?
I want to read fiction books which book I should start with?
Is there any Greek magazine that writes science fiction short stories?
Could fictional stories really just be past life or alternate universe events being told?
What fan fiction websites are best for preteens to write on?
What are good fan fiction of the Wizarding World of Harry Potter embracing technology?
What are the high rated fantasy and fiction movies?
Can I publish my anime fan fictions?
How do I get Interested in non-fiction instead of fiction?
Why is detective / crime fiction almost always about murder and not other types of crime?
I'm writing fiction about a girl who emigrated from Sangar Russia to Seattle US in 2006. Can anyone help with cultural or characterization tips?
What are some of the types of weapons, vehicles, and tools in a Steampunk setting?
Is the Ramayana epic fact or fiction?
What are some good Indian science-fiction or books published in India?
Does it help increase your intelligence if you read more non-fiction books than fiction books?
Why am I not allowed to like a fictional character if they are a bad person?
What are your favorite historical fiction novels taking place during the French Revolution?
What are cool names for fictional spacecraft that don’t exist already?
Shouldn't Flash run forward in time (instead of back) due to relativistic effects?
What science fiction story contains mind relocated into another body?
A Song of Ice and Fire (book series): Why was Jon Snow betrayed?
Why is mystery fiction better than science fiction?
As a writer of fiction, do you always write with scene goals in mind? Do you think every scene needs to have conflict?
What are your top 5 favorite fictional characters?
What do you think about abuse fiction becoming an increasingly popular genre?
Who are some of the weak female characters in fantasy fiction?
What are the last 3 fiction books you read and how do they benefit your creative or business writing?
Who is the strongest psychic character in fiction not counting reality warpers?
Is the Idea of India a fiction?
Who should I cosplay as?
How do religious communities differentiate between religious literature and historical fiction literature?
What are the best & easiest courses after 12th commerce? I don't like science. I like to read fiction, draw, and surf the Internet.
I want to read some books based on genre that contains historical and futuristic fiction/fantasy both. What are some suggestions (English)?
What is a good name for a fictional viking themed country?
Can nonfiction ever be as great as fiction?
What fictional characters portray real and possible genius?
What fictional character do you wish you could meet?
How do I publish an anthology of flash fiction, probably as a 150 paged book?
What role do detectives play in detective fiction stories?
Who is the most inspirational character in the Harry Potter series, and why?
Which fiction books are recommended that have the main character training mentally and physically?
How should I go about writing a 15 year old character who's been sheltered from evil and isolated from people their entire life?
Can you think of a good character to put in a fictional book?
Is fantasy a real genre, or is it just very popular fan-fiction?
How realistic is Sam Fisher?
Is there any good speculative fiction about a society of telepaths/empaths?
Can you actually post fiction in the fiction section of Q?
How much is fiction in 2 States?
Are elaborate descriptions of situations and supporting characters still relevant while writing fiction, in this modern age of readers?
What does science fiction include?
Are people often inspired by fictional characters?
How many books per year do regular fiction writers write to be able to survive?
What are some extremely supernatural powerful entity in fiction?
What is a perfect place to launch a virus (real or fictional) in the air?
Is it a common universal theme that writers have a love/hate relationship with drinking alcohol, regardless of the era or time?
Is there any magazine in India which publishes science fiction stories written in English?
Is there anything in science fiction that will likely become science fact in the next few years?
Have you seen your life in tatters? How will you react?
What are some examples of neuroscience-based science fiction?
What would our world be like, if as soon as someone dies, they instantly go antigravity?
What are some defense satellites in work of fictions?
If you were to name your child after a fictional character, which character would you choose?
Why do some fictional characters shout out the name of their attack before they use it?
Who is the snarkiest character in fiction?
I'm applying to an undergrad creative writing program. I’m to include 3 pieces of fiction under 30 pages. What kind of pieces would you suggest?
Which fictional book character can you relate to the most?
How much of the Bible needs to be fiction for Christianity to be false?
What are the best fiction, fantasy, romance novels?
In what ways does the real 'Wild West' differ from the fiction?
Which Game of Thrones character has the best chance to survive the series?
Who are some Crime Fiction Writers on Quora?
How much can you forgo in a time lapse?
What would common behavior of a victim of child abuse be shortly after being pulled away from the lifestyle?
Which is a better course to pick, fiction writing or memoir writing?
Were you influenced into your current profession by a fictional character?
How much time does it take to write a (i) non-fiction book (ii) fiction book?
How does penetrative sex feel for a man (sensations and emotions)? I write erotic fiction and want my characters’ viewpoints to be authentic.
What benefits do readers have over non readers?
If you could choose to have dinner with five people (real or fictional) who would you invite, and why?
Are aliens burned out as a science fiction concept?
What makes a piece of fiction horror?
What do you believe are the most important components of a compelling character?
What are good names for characters in a Twilight fan fiction?
What is the best fiction book you've ever read? Did it change your life in any way?
Why are chosen ones and prophecies common in fiction?
How do you breed dragons?
If there was a fictional leader of purgatory, who or what would it be?
What are some good popular science or science fiction books that deal with bioinformatics topics?
What is your opinion on reading present tense fiction?
Which show started the "he/she's an impostor" plot with everyone trying to figure out who is real and who is a fake?
In Walk Two Moons is Sal's mother dead?
How does science fiction explore and complicate what it means to be human?
What are the elements of fiction?
What should I avoid doing in my science fiction novel?
How do I really start a career in fiction writing?
Which is the best science fiction novel under 200 rs?
How has film noir influenced written fiction and vice versa?
Which are the best fiction books?(English, obviously.)
Which is the best fan fiction that you have read so far?
What are some magical doors in works of fiction, books, movies, televisions shows, etc.?
What is the best matchup fight between any two fictional characters?
Can I write both fiction and non-fiction and still be relevant? If you do one, does it create an image that excludes the other?
Why don't fictional secret organizations give themselves silly names?
Why is Hollywood obsessed with science fiction?
What will happen if Baahubali meets Sherlock?
What are the best Kannada novel books you have read?
Why is magic dismissed as impossible by science?
What are some well-known fictional secret agents from cultures around the world?
Can there be legal consequences for depicting a fictional version of a real, living person being tortured in a satirical novel?
Who would win in a battle between Jason Voorhees and a Xenomorph?
Is there any fictional book in which the main character is an atheist and remains an atheist at the end?
What are the most interesting science fiction tropes employed in Westworld?
How is reading books helpful, and which book should I read first about fiction?
Where did the concept of a giant turtle with an island on its back come from?
Are there any retellings of Beauty and the Beast (movies, books, etc) in which the Beast doesn't turn back into a human?
What is the best example (in your opinion) of a completely walkable city? Real cities, theories or fiction apply here.
What is Parallel paradox, which we use to heard in Science Fictions?
What proportion of science-fiction/fantasy writers earn enough money from writing to survive strictly from their writing and have a family?
Does reading fiction books change the way you see reality?
What are some of the best serious fiction books?
Is it bad to use/overuse "it" and "its" in fiction?
What is one quote from any work of fiction that you would love to say to someone and why?
Can we use Songs, movie dialogues and Celebrity name in a fiction novel?
Do animals have fiction or imaginations?
What are the best scenes from Laurie Halse Anderson's Wintergirls?
Which is the best Indian publisher for literary fiction?
How do I read fiction books and learn programming simultaneously?
What is that one thing that you imagine and is fictional, but if it became real, it would change your world?
Should writers of literary works of fiction be required to undergo a credentialing procedure analogous to that of physicists and physicians?
Who are some authors like Michael Crichton, who writes fiction but also teaches the reader (i.e., Sphere, Andromeda Strain, and Lost World)?
What are some high quality fiction books? I am a big fan of Dan Brown and lately I am reading books that I feel are not worth completing.
What are the best influential fiction novels one must read?
What is the best guide to publishing fiction?
Is it possible to disguise murder, or is that only possible in fiction?
Is the recent revival of interest in books like "The Handmaid's Tale" a sign of interest in literature or a concern about the future of the U.S.A.?
How can the internet/WWW user differentiate between truth and fiction, with so much misinformation presented as fact?
What science fiction writer do you recommend?
Are dream journals redundant for a fiction writer, or do they provide a good source of creativity and (potentially) depth to an idea?
Does trial science involves hiring detectives and hackers like in "Dr. Bull" or is it just fiction?
Is it unhealthy to love a fictional character too much?
What are some good novels on Obsession?
What are the elements of a great villain or "bad guy"?
Mark has 312 books in his bookcases. He has 11 times as many fiction books as nonfiction books. How many fiction books does Mark have?
Who is the worst villain in fiction that you would have a coffee with?
Do you agree that fiction affects you?
Is Lisbeth Salander a lesbian?
What are the best novels for a college student in fiction?
What if the leader of Brazil (and the rest of South America) was a villain out of the James Bond books?
What is your favorite fictional celestial body?
In TV dramas, the police always confront the criminal from the front and they escape out the back way. Is this just fiction, or is it true in real life as well?
What is the meaning of fictional portrayal?
How can I improve my science fiction newsletter? [Dutch] Www.getrevue.co/profile/Kardashev
Why does science fiction give such low troop numbers?
What are the things an editor typically does for an author of fiction?
Physics: when Flash (superhero) is moving towards us, shouldn't his suit appear blue instead of red?
How deep can fictional characters influence our acts?
Where does "Twas a dark and stormy night" come from?
What's your idea to turn our world into one like a game?
What is your favourite depiction of behavioural economics concepts in fiction?
How many years off is WWIII (theoretically)?
Who do you think are the worst heroes in fiction?
If you had to write a fictional story, using at least 10 popular Quorans as characters, how would it go?
With tropes like The Chosen One and Love Solves All Problems, is young adult fiction becoming too unrealistic and too anti-intellectualist these days?
How is a literary genre modified?
Why do the Yautja hunt humans?
How would a orbital platform in science fiction be infiltrated?
What’s a small little fictional story about getting diagnosed with an unknown disease? I won’t copy it and write it down; I just need ideas.
Is the fandom for the musical Hamilton creepy for treating historical figures like fictional characters?
Can you explain the plot of the All Good Things movie?
Are fictional characters allowed to make out in a TV-Y7 show?
What would a fictional war look like between Mankind and vampires?
Is Aramaic a fictional language?
What is the meaning of “enchanting fictional territory” in Bengali?
Is it normal that I can't relate to any fictional characters from books or movies?
How true or false is the new book by Richard Muller "Now -- The Physics of Time"?
Is science in fiction science?
What if I make up a fictional story to use on a crowdfunding site? Am I legally prosecutable?
What fictional books would you recommend that are set during the Great Depression?
Which fictional character do you want to be?
Which science fiction universes represents slavery as one of its main themes?
Is it scientifically possible to one day wake up and all forms of communication are down including the Internet and planes can't fly?
What is a good young adult novel like "The Perks of Being a Wallflower"?
What word matches with "poisonous infection" and "mind-reading" the same way as the other matches given?
What was your reaction to Atlas Shrugged and why?
What are the best books on art of negotiation in literary fiction?
How do you effectively describe a concussion in a work of fiction if you've never had one before?
Why do I get weirdly attached to fictional characters who look like me?
What are the NGOs in Kolkata that accept fiction book donations?
What are your favorite science-fiction novels of the last 20 years?
On the Internet there is a fan fiction "drarry", is it fact or just fiction? If it is fact, is there any proof?
How do I become a professional fiction writer?
What fictional warrior could rival a Space Marine?
I have a story about an assassin who confronts and kills both her parents who abandoned her, what dialogue should I use for the confrontation?
Is a hoax or fake news fiction?
Homeopathic medicine is fiction. Why do so many people still recommend it?
How, in your opinion, can sensuality and intimacy be conveyed better in fiction (books, movies, TV)?
What if a fictional character entered a comic convention?
How do I write believable major corporations that have strong power over society?
What is the name of the protagonist’s galaxy in ‘Sin Noticias de Gurb’ (No Word From Gurb) by Eduardo Mendoza?
What are examples of fictional schemes or accounts that have then occurred in real life?
Which are good courses/classes for foreign fiction writers to learn to write in English?
Is it arrogant when a fictional character in a book is described as being the best writer in the world and the author quotes the character's work?
Is fictional and hypothetical scenario interchangeable?
What are the best thriller books in fiction and science fiction genre?
In the 'Stranger Than Fiction' movie, why does the main character have to be killed in the end?
What is the best vampire fiction with a female vampire?
I have started a fiction blog. How can I get my stories reviewed?
What are some tips for beginning imaginative fiction writers?
There was a place called Mahismati in ancient India. Is the story in Bahubali a fiction, or a fiction created around some real incident?
Where in Lucknow can I buy new/used fiction novels at cheap prices?
Which series of fiction books can be the beginning point for a newbie reader of fiction?
Will a fictional book on startup and its precarious journey work?
Do you know the fictional character Blair Waldorf from the famous TV series ?
If you could build a 5 person zombie survival team using any fictional or real characters, who would you choose?
Are there any libraries in Hyderabad that have a good collection of fiction and non-fiction for a 9-year-old near Yosufguda?
Why negative numbers were considered real despite being only mirror image of those defined as real positive numbers, where any mirror image is unreal?
So, SF, sci-fi, science fiction or speculative fiction? And does it really matter.
Can you write about somewhere you've never been for a fiction book? If so, how?
Could you plug a fictional characters stats in a probability algorithm and why or why not?
What are some early fictional examples of aliens visiting or living on earth for non-invasion-related purposes?
In fiction why don't immortal people age?
What is your favorite play written by Ibsen?
In "The Accountant,” could we say the English woman over the phone could be a real character?
Can an author of fiction use trademarked sports team names?
What is the best encyclopedia of fantasy and science fiction literature?
What similarities are there between Westworld (fictional world) and Google (in real life)?
What is your favorite Force move?
Is Johann Conrad Dippel The real inspiration for Frankenstein?
Who is your least favourite fictional character?
What are some examples of science fiction in the past becoming science fact today?
Who thinks the stories on Quora are mostly fiction?
Which fictional character would you most not get on with?
What author has written the most words?
What is a fiction novel with something to say about wisdom?
How can I publish my fiction novel?
If you could assemble a team of 5 fictional warriors, who would you choose?
Under which circumstances do fictions become accepted as reality?
What are some accurate depictions of linguistic fieldwork in fiction?
How do I overcome my fear of writing fiction books? I'm afraid of my old bullies coming back to haunt me, and of general judgment.
Which writers would you nominate for induction into a pantheon of genre fiction?
What are similarities in writing a poem and a fiction?
What are the standard procedures/precautions taken by characters in conspiracy fiction when meeting secretly/discreetly?
What are the characteristics of a fiction book?
Do you have to ask an author's permission if you mention their novel within your own fiction? What if they are deceased?
Can you truly love a fictional character?
Should I read multiple books at the time or only one at the time? (Non fiction books!)?
Is R K Narayan's Malgudi considered "fantasy fiction"?
What is the finest army in the Galaxy according to different works of fiction?
When was the first time you were published in a fiction magazine?
Are there any enjoyable fiction books that will help you improve your grammar?
In most fictional media, when a black supporting character is in a position of power, how come they are depicted as incompetent or corrupt?
What are some fictional characters nom de guerre?
If you had to live in any authoritarian society (real or fictional) which would you live in?
What major lead characters in fiction are portrayed as physically unattractive, or average-looking?
Which TV series are similar to The Twilight Zone?
What are some fiction books about serial killers?
Can you write a story about a girl with a bad vocabulary?
What is the fiction book you would read again if you are out of books?
How can I create a fictional universe?
IS the recession in Nigeria fact or fiction?
What do you think of the Batman/Wonder woman pairing and its hints in the Justice League animated series as well as the comic universe?
What is the hidden meaning behind "Poison" by Dahl?
Can Edo Tensei be used in other fictional verses?
What would be the most powerful fictional character to be written in existence?
Is constitutionalism real or a fiction?
Is there any Government financial support for starting a khadi unite?
What are the best books to read on mysteries and fantasies?
What if Ben 10 is not just science fiction?
Is there future prose besides Science Fiction and Fantasy?
What fictional things, creatures and people should be real?
Why do some people dislike the Indian writer Chetan Bhagat?
Have you read science fiction mythology books like Shiva trilogy and do you think there should be more books like that?
Which author (fiction) do you think gets you the most and why?
Will anyone ever become a proper fiction writer if they don't load their characters with curses?
In this era of alternative facts, how do you personally differentiate between fact and fiction?
Why does crime fiction always come in a series?
What is your review of The Fault In Our Stars (2012 book)?
What fictional world has the most unique looking creatures?
Would you be interested in an esoteric fiction book set in Atlantis? And why?
What are the best science fiction books for children?
Even though it is said by GRRM that the world of ASOIAF is bigger than ours, why does it feel that it is the opposite?
From a science fiction standpoint, how could I create a human with eagle abilities in the lab? What could the accident/incident be?
What would a modern-day Modern Times be about?
What book or movie describes the difficulty of destroying an inbound nuclear warhead (past boost phase) due to something akin to "cavitation"?
What are fictional secret societies?
When will "The Winds of Winter", by George R.R. Martin, be published?
What are some American fiction novels about sorcery and swords, but focuses mainly on one protagonist?
What are the different earths in the DCU map of the multiverse?
Is it possible to hate literary fiction but love literature?
Can an author of fiction be sued for libel, despite the "all persons fictitious" disclaimer in the book?
I'm looking for a great fictional book, that will teach me something new and interesting. Can you recommend me some?
Is there any fiction written in chronological style?
What fictional character or creature is labelled as “true neutral” in the middle of this moral alignment chart?
Which author created the biggest number of fictional characters?
Is it better or easier to write about fictional characters that are different than you?
Why do fiction writers struggle to find a career in India?
How do you make a detective case for a mystery fiction? What are the steps to do so?
What fictional places have governing assembly?
What is your favourite fictional vehicle?
What's the perfect resume to be the lead of a fiction series?
Can we add self made plants, animals and other things to our fantasy novel?
What are some of the best quotes in fiction ever?
What are some mindbending books to read about philosophy or science fiction?
Are there any sex scenes in The Wheel of Time series?
What are some good thought-provoking books to read like Fahrenheit 451, A Song of Ice and Fire, and The Catcher in the Rye?
Why is WWII more focused on in both fiction and nonfiction historical novels than WWI?
Who is the most cruel fictional character?
What other books are there like Da Vinci Code or Inferno, that are fictional stories based on real historical events - by authors other than Dan Brown?
Which are some fictional characters that actually resemble any person in the world?
Why are nerds strong believers of fiction?
What are some examples of unusual or counter-intuitive, fictional deities/pantheons?
What advice would you give to someone who wants to write his first fiction?
What stories prove that "truth is stranger than fiction"?
Who is one woman in history or fiction that you would converse with for an hour and why? What would you talk about?
Science fiction is sometimes divided into "hard" and "soft" science fiction. What do they actually mean?
What can I offer the demon Abbadon (destroyer, King of Demons) in a deal?
What are some common character types in thriller fiction novels?
Has the Internet been good for authors of fiction, in terms of their development or success?
What are some good personifications of fear in fiction? Like Phobos from Greek mythology.
Does Oldtown and the Citadel have a working theory on Mendelian genetics and inheritance?
How do I find and commission a fiction writer?
Based on your personality, what fictional character would you get along with the most?
Do you know any liberal fiction writers?
Who would win in a Game of Thrones battle? Robert Baratheon or Arya Stark?
Is writing fiction from a news article be a "derivative work" under copyright?
What is the best relationship you've ever had with a fictional woman?
Who do you think is the best Stone's player in the Wheel of Time?
Do you know what urban Muslim fiction is and why it is important?
Who are the richest fictional TV characters?
What is the best most well written villain origin/back story?
What are some good, non romanticized portrayals of eating disorders in fiction?
In terms of content, what differentiates religion from fiction?
What characteristics define narrative fiction?
Have you ever wonder what heroes do in their spare time?
What are the best fiction novels of 2015?
What is the last fiction book or film you'd want turned into an opera?
For the sake of science fiction, how would it be possible in our system for someone to be immortal and go unnoticed?
Writing Fiction: Is there any kind of society or 'imagined society' that has people given rations based on a social level?
How should one write angels in Christian fiction?
What are some cool philosophical fiction books?
Can a story that is very metaphorical but doesn't use animals still be called an allegory?
Do electro nets existed in real life like they do in works of fiction?
What are the conventional academic historical boundaries to separate Contemporary Fiction from Classical Fiction?
What are some ways to make a great goofy main character in fiction?
If you wanna write a fan fiction of your favorite Chinese novel, what elements will you add into your work?
Do we have people named Sam Fisher in the real world and fictional works besides Splinter Cell series?
What is a good title for a fictional novel that has something to do with piano and a girl?
If you have talent for writing, what are the steps you can take to become a really great fictional writer?
Would you read a dark science fiction novel based in India?
What is your favorite moment/scene in a fantasy book, based on how it made you feel?
What are 2 non fiction pieces in a similar style, by the same author, but about different subjects?
How can I see to it that my fiction works reach far and wide?
How do vampire hunters use the sun as their ally and main weapon?
Is it wrong to be in love with a fictional character that is impossible in reality?
How should I start writing fiction?
What does the Russian people think about being portrayed as the bad guys in most of American fiction?
What should I do to become great fiction writer independent of the genre?
What order of monks would be a good choice for a fictional tale of monks who fight the supernatural?
Is Malcolm Gladwell the greatest fiction (not a typo) writer of all time?
How do writers write about real places (not fictional cities or world) and cultures they don't have first hand experience of?
If you were to write a fictional story of our country in the Philippines, what would it be and why?
Which science fiction stories have directly presaged actual inventions?
What is some good historical fiction to read about Istanbul?
Do you still benefit mentally from reading non-fiction as opposed to fiction books in your vocabulary?
Which one is better when writing fiction, "I'm” or “I am"?
Why do so many fiction writers choose either magic or modern technology in their worlds? Why do people see it as oil and water?
Can anybody tell me some fiction novels?
What are some of the challenges of writing about and portraying mental illness in fiction?
Can someone help me come up with a title for my fan fiction?
Is David Icke a truth seeker, a disinformation agent/artist or a science fiction writer?
Can you name some interesting and the best fictional and non fictional novels?
How do you create a dynamic world in your fiction writing?
Who are some people who were dubbed as the "most beautiful in the world" beside Hedy Lamarr?
Which two fictional characters would you want to see face off on screen?
Is there a media thesaurus out there? Something that tracks themes, storylines, subject matter and genre across ALL mediums?
Why is the Chosen One trope so common in Young Adult Fiction? What does it say about teenage psychology?
Why do you find it necessary to put fiction on this site?
What would be the ship name of Jack Reacher and Bob Lee Swagger?
What is your biggest pet peeves writers do in fiction?
What is apocalyptic about "The Handmaid's Tale's" society?
Which magazines accept unsolicited fiction submissions?
What are good fiction books to start with?
Which authors are most well known for creating in-depth fictional worlds?
What are some great monologues from science fiction literature dealing with utopia or futurist concepts?
Would you introduce your own fictional character like Sherlock Holmes? What would his role be and what would you like him to do in your stories?
Which fictional world would you be the most terrified to wake up in, and why?
Was Radha a fictional character?
Is the God of Ebrahim the most unpleasant character in all fiction?
How can governments and other sciences help mathematicians receive better treatments than in the past?
Which Harry Potter Ilvermorny and/or Hogwarts house would Obama be sorted into?
Are there any sympathetic narcissistic fictional characters?
How many lifespans of training and fighting have the Yautja been doing?
What will you do if you were on a cruise ship and the purge started?
Is Agent Smith the greatest science fiction villain of all time?
Who is the most powerful artificial intelligence character in fiction?
What should I research when writing a realistic fiction book about a lawyer in a massive, controversial murder trial?
Where can I get a list of all of the fictional characters based in India? How?
How can you add dark atmosphere to a fictional story?
Could our universe be fictional?
Do 'corporate troubleshooters' like Katla from the Amsterdam Assassin Series really exist?
In what ways do fictional stories influence our behavior?
What type of passion is required for clearing CA final?
What are some titles for a fictional stoner television show?
What themes in fiction do people want to read about today?
How do I successfully add suspense to my fiction?
Is there hope for quality gay fiction and if it's out there where can it be found?
What are the best books on how to write fiction?
Could you name science fiction writers from outside the Anglosphere?
Are the incidents described on Quora answers real or just fictional stories?
Which is the most interesting book (fiction)?
Are there any science fiction novels about terraforming of Earth?
Have you ever read Twitter Fiction?
Can you make a story using following words Man, women, Elephant, super power, Ice, Fire, Time?
What are some examples of themes and topics in that are not discussed in literary fiction but should be?
I had an idea for a story. I thought of a historical fiction/fantasy type story. Is there any events in history that you would recommend me using?
Do I need to write a "Bible" for a fictional religion?
How do I show the world in 2060 in a novel I'm writing, which is not science fiction? The novel is about human emotions, but I need to show it in 2060.
What are some pointers and tips for writing convincing, authentic bipolar characters in fiction?
What if alternate universes are created from fictional stories we make?
What if the fictional character Slender Man existed?
Why does one need to read a fiction book?
What historical fiction book involves George Washington being executed for trying to raise taxes?
What are your top 5 strongest Universes in fiction?
What are the top five best romance novels you've ever read? (Or more than five)?
Can you recommend some good fiction books with the action taking place in Miami?
Is there an encyclopedia that covers fiction writers that tells you about their writing style and how they contributed to the literature?
In different works of fiction do vampires keep their intelligence and/or does it increase?
What are some good examples of real life and fictional conflict to learn from for good storytelling?
If the world of 1984 were real, what are the chances of it ever becoming ''normal'' again?
Is it illegal to make a wanted poster of a fictional person?
Can I use the name of a fictional book character as my modelling name?
Which science fiction movie is the most accurate in terms of science, and which is not?
What is the darkest piece of fiction ever created?
How hard is it to publish a fiction book in a traditional way for a first time writer as of today?
A supernatural portal opens up and gives you the once in a life time chance to join any fictional universe. There's no turning back. Do you do it?
Are there European writer's workshops focused on Science Fiction and Fantasy?
How do you become a decent fiction writer?
What are you tired of in the modern fantasy genre?
What are some of the best fiction books of all time?
Which non-academic fiction books would Awdhesh Singh suggest that are related to bureaucracy?
What are some summoning's that can be reversed in works of fiction and books?
What are the best fiction/sci-fy books about Space?
Why do extraterrestrial and fantasy races in fiction tend to have considerably longer lifetimes than humans do?
Do you know a fictional languages written in circles like a mandala?
How do you write a non-fictional (biographical) novel with conversations that are true to what happened?
What is a nasciturus fiction or rule, and when is it put into practice?
How do I write a beautiful fiction story?
What are the best nonfiction and fiction books of 2016?
If you could have any fictional spaceship, along with its whole crew, which ship would you want?
What is the best way to deal with jungle-based guerrillas?
Why are the Crypts of Winterfell so important in Game of Thrones?
Who is your favourite fiction writer? Why?
What are some of the best novels which can be made into a movie like Bahubali in India?
Which films depicting fictional, nonviolent events, are the most difficult to watch?
What are some flash fiction ideas?
What is the best way to find Christian fiction readers?
What are some good fiction books/book series about angels?
Are there novels that talked about people that lived forever?
Which books have you read more than 2 times?
How do you feel about authors rating their own books on Goodreads & thereby bringing their rating up?
Which is the best library in Delhi for reading fiction novels?
What are some good Harry and Ginny Soul Bond fan fiction stories?
What are some fictional books like 1984?
What is fiction and nonfiction writing?
What in your opinion are some of the most overrated horror/fantasy/science fiction novels of all time?
Are there any major characters in fiction who struggle coping with psychopathic tendencies?
What are some supernatural fiction books that have widespread critical acclaim?
Are warp drives science fiction or future reality?
What are some good fiction books that explore the emotions of separation, loneliness and longing?
How do I read fiction deeply and really enjoy it?
Why is there no fiction on humans visiting the aliens?
Is there any automated fiction story plot designing software?
Are there fictional characters who just enjoy life and avoid commitments?
Is this order of reading A Feast for Crows and A Dance with Dragons recommended? http://boiledleather.com/post/25902554148/a-new-readerfriendly-combined-reading-order-for-a?
Any rationalfic where hero is normal, fighting superpowered enemies using his/her own intellect, a-la The Metropolitan Man?
Does something like a mesh armor really exist, or is it fiction?
How is fiction/poetry necessary?
How does a fiction writer prepare for a long and productive writing session?
When you are writing fiction, how much plotting do you do before you start?
What would happen if Dumbledore was straight?
How can a 11 year old have the emotional maturity to write a fiction novel, lets say with 300 pages?
If you could go into any fictional world, which would you choose?
What is the most depressing story (excluding love/breakups) real/fiction?
At what extent does old science fiction books or movies predicted current technology?
Why do I have a crush on a fictional character from a live-action show?
What are your favorite books from the 21th century written by women?
What are some books on comparative mythology?
Which is the most popular Chinese fiction in English readers?
Is there any 80s or earlier science book (not science fiction) which 'predicted' that video calling would one day become an everyday phenomenon?
Is Aristotle a fictional or real person?
Is the word "Speedster" copyrighted, or can anybody use it in a work of fiction?
What is some fiction/literature that appeals to those prone to schadenfreude?
Why did the FNAF creator make it look like Sister Location stole the ideas for Funtime Freddy and Funtime Foxy from Freddy Fazbear's Pizza?
What tools and resources can be recommended to make a fictional culture?
Who are the best stylists in 20th century American fiction?
What are the qualities required for a spy thriller or fiction thriller writer?
Where would I best find a consultant on the Galileo mission to Jupiter if I needed one for a (semi-fictional) novel?
Where do you find the inspiration or motivation to write your fiction novels?
How important is it to read fiction if you want to become a fiction author?
Why a dream sequence in fiction novels is considered a risk?
If you could have dinner with any real or fictional character, who would it be and why?
How do I work more goals and payoffs into my paranormal fantasy novel?
What would happen if Tyrion Lannister met Barney Stinson?
If a book is deemed "semi-autobiographical", is it considered a book of fiction?
If I want to read books to improve myself and grow, should I read fiction?
Who believes that Mahabharata didn't happen? And its just an art of fiction?
What are the most mind blowing science-fiction short stories?
Are we all characters in a piece of fiction?
Although fictional, Quelcrist Falconer sounds fairly cool to me. What do you think?
I’m planning to set up a story in America even though I haven't visited there. How can I research about the localities?
What consequences of common science fiction elements are rarely explored?
Which fiction books by women writers should one read before they die and why?
Why is it easy for some people to follow the plot of a film or a fiction but hard for others? Is it innate or are you able to practise the ability?
What is a fictional work that is genuinely good but has a terrible fan base?
Where can I submit my flash fiction and get paid?
How is the backdrop setting established in a horror fiction?
Why do people find fact more appealing than fiction?
Can I have some fiction book recommendations which does not involve romance and horror elements?
Are there any literary characters of note who were polar opposites in personality, etc, from the author who created them?
What are some good non-fiction books about ancient Rome?
What are some realistic fiction story ideas for starters?
How would you design your own fictional vampires?
Who was the fiction writer who wrote short stories inspired by math, including one about a mathematician who found a contradiction in arithmetic?
Have you come across a novel of fictional US government cover-up/conspiracy published in around 1940s?
What is the best writing references online for epic fantasy writing and historical fiction? Which blogs/websites/social media is good?
Who is the best author of historical non-fiction?
I want to write fiction but have no ideas. What should I do?
Am I legally allowed to create a fictional character with the same powerset as Superman, but with a completely different status quo? Why/why not?
What was science fiction called before the term "science fiction" was coined in 1929?
What are the best books to read? Fiction or non-fiction.
What are the most unlikely friendships in fiction?
Are all the answers / stories written on Quora true or some are just made up by some people with their exceptional writing skills?
If you had to name the single book that influenced your life, which book it would be?
Is fantasy corrupting the honor of science fiction literature?
What are the best English fiction books of 2016?
What are some of the key themes explored in social science fiction works?
Which small publishers specialize in literary fiction?
Why do some people think Sansa betraying Jon is out of the question just because they're family?
If you could save any fictional character, whom would you save?
Were Romeo and Juliet wrong to disobey their families by continuing to see one another and did they get what they deserved in the end?
What do you think about identifying as a fictional character to cope?
Are fantastic and speculative fiction the same?
Is it ok to be emotionally numb but still be triggered by reading about fictional characters?
Is 4000 words for the first chapter of a fictional novel too long?
Excluding Rhaegar, which Targaryen ancestors does Jon Snow most resemble in terms of personality?
I am planning to write a fantasy fiction novel. What do beginners like me should know?
When writing a fictional book/story on football, can I use names of actual clubs/players?
How do I make reading a daily habit? What are some good books to get me started?
Am I the only one who doesn’t cry when there is a really dramatic death in a piece of fiction?
Is Asgardi country real or just science fiction?
What famous fictional (animated, comic, even superhero) character is a real health nut?
What are the best literary fiction books you've come across?
Is it possible to play Go while blind, like Bram in the Amsterdam Assassin Series?
What would be better titles for each ASOIAF book?
How do Science Fiction writers who write in the future get through future technology and the reader's potential inability to relate?
What is the best of Godfather fan fiction?
What are good mystery fiction books to read?
Can you share a fictional idea for a flying beast?
If you could buy a one-way ticket to any fictitious world, which would you choose?
What are the biggest plot holes in what are otherwise solid works of fiction?
What are some good science fiction books on project Gutenberg?
Will fiction writers still be able to make a living off of writing in the next 10 years?
Is all fiction either historical or science fiction?
What are some good movies about emotional/psychological abuse?
I got a science fiction book, where can I get it edited and published?
What are some fictional genocide events that make real life genocide events a drop in the bucket?
If you could choose to make a fictional element or material real, what would it be and why?
What are some good completed fan fiction in which Naruto has a daughter?
I'm 13 and I would like to create a book. My friends give me plenty of ideas, but how should I go about making my own ideas for it?
Can you aid me in my search for a character look-alike?
Am I a vampire if I need blood?
What fictional work has come closest to having what you believe to be the most realistic portrayal of extraterrestrial life?
What was wrong mentally with Billy Loomis and Stu Macher? (Scream)
Can you write a one-page (normal notebook size) story? It can be a real, or created, fiction, adventure, horror, or love, or even sad, magic, etc., story.
Should I read non-fiction or fiction books to improve my logical thinking and speech formulation?
Are there any historical fictional novels about Asiatic Mongol's rule of Eastern Europe (Golden Horde)?
What fictional character has the scariest superpower?
What are some fiction books that are really good but not super addicting, so that it helps me sleep, but not making me want to stay up to finish it?
Why did CSI became so popular back then when it fact it is very fictional when compared to Criminal Minds and Bones?
Which well known fictional character is amorous, extremely caring/ethical, has a wide social network, and helps their friends a lot?
I am writing a novel with a sidekick animal character. What are some animals that are not terribly common that I can use?
What are the most common tropes and cliches in science fiction novels?
What houses have aligned with Jon at the end of season 6?
What scientific fact do you wish were fiction?
What is stopping us from achieving Interstellar Travel?
Is it wrong to have a crush on a fictional character?
If war and all of the world’s problems were fixed, would people still use them as topics for their books?
What are some examples of realistic transgender characters in fiction?
Are there any sympathetic psychopathic fictional characters?
What are the best realistic fiction books for children?
If you have the power to bring one fictional character to life, who would it be?
Why does Motor Boat stay in the abandoned house in "Their Eyes Were Watching God"?
If you found a way to communicate with a fictional character, how would you get them to convince others of their existence?
If one wants to repurpose trademarked characters for a different work of fiction, are there legal ways to do it without spending any money?
Who is the most absurdly powerful character in fiction?
What person, fictional or real, brings good luck to those around him?
What are some of the most beautiful literary descriptions of real places?
Why are crystals associated with energy storage in science fiction? Is there any science behind this?
I am 14 and want to write a fiction novel and get it published. How can I do so?
What non-fiction books should a fan of true crime read?
If I were an ant size, would I be able to see things that are normally too small to see?
What is the sci-fi genre like in a sci-fi world?
What science fiction media realistically portray regenerative medicine?
Do you learn more from reading fiction or non fiction?
What are some alternatives to training montages in a novel?
Can you recommend any authors with a style reminiscent of John Steinbeck?
Who is the most powerful person in all of fiction?
In science fiction, what exactly are "life signs" that people/ships will scan for?
How do you keep people from shipping a boy with his great great aunt without explicitly saying that they are related?
What's your favorite fictional sea monsters?
Can I write a fiction novel series about a kid who is a real life Jedi, that takes place on earth?
Not counting the Lord of the Rings books, which was the most influential work of fiction that you have ever read?
How do I get the most out of reading fiction?
What are some of the best fictional antichrist characters?
Why should a story set in another universe with "magic" but without mythological inspiration be still considered fantasy?
How can you justify that Lord Ram was not a fictional character?
What are some great story arcs that do not conform to 'the Hero's Journey'?
How do I make the conversations more clear in fictional crossovers?
In YA, while crafting a fantasy or science fiction world, what are some common tropes to look out for?
What are some wildebeest in fiction?
Is it okay to name a character in your story after another fictional character?
What's going on with the character dynamics in this scenario?
Are there any female fiction movie characters that wears armor instead of a sexy outfit?
Is fiction as a genre actually useless?
What are ways to combat an inability to concentrate while writing fiction?
What are some good books for beginners who want to start reading?
Where can I learn the science and the practical applications in order to write science fiction?
Which science fiction good story books are you reading these days in 2017?
In Indonesia, will the upcoming Vandaria Saga Universe mark a rise in fantasy fiction genres in the local literature trend?
What percent of fiction protagonists have green eyes?
How does Game of Thrones end for Daenerys?
What is the best way to depict ASL in fiction writing?
What scene from Pulp Fiction comes to mind when reading Book 21 of the Odyssey?
What are some personality traits of people that read fiction?
Will flying cars ever be a common thing or will that forever remain a fantasy of science fiction?
What are things fiction writers do in they're stories that are irritating?
What are the Malayalam fiction books that one should read?
Should I go into screenwriting, or go into fictional storywriting instead?
What did actually happen when Percy took the lightning bolt to Zeus?
What're the steps followed to write a proper fiction?
If you could choose one fictional world to live in, which would it be?
Who is your favorite author in horror and strange fiction?
Which fictional character from a book, do you most resemble?
How do I improve my dialogue in a fictional thriller that I am writing?
What have been the effects of reading fiction in your life?
Is there a more beloved character in all of science fiction than Spock?
What are some of the best must read suspense fiction books?
If there was a team of villains from different fictional universes, what villains should be on it?
Can a forest be used as a weapon on a worldwide level? People speak of the danger of losing the Amazon rainforest. Can this be used as a weapon?
What have you learnt from fiction that you could not have learnt from real life soon enough?
Is Rani padmini a real historical character?
Is the science fiction community biased toward left-wing content? If so, why?
How would your life change if tomorrow you learned religion was fictional?
Which are some of the best science/science fiction books/movies on space and time for recreational reading?
Are there any other fictional characters who are similar to Bella Swan?
Is it always frowned upon to include backstory in the first chapter?
Historical or fictional, what are some interesting salutes, and where are they from?
How can I stop becoming attached to something too easily, especially fictional worlds and stories?
What fictional character would you like to have as a friend?
If a fictional tech was created in real life, would the creator of the tech have to pay royalties to the creator of the fiction?
What are some of the best English fictions you have read?
Would anyone be interested in being able to talk to a fictional character? What makes a fictional character so great?
How should I decide what some of my characters physically look like?
What are the most surreal, bizarre, and futuristic fiction movies you have ever watched?(science fiction, fantasy fiction, or horror fiction movies)
What are some good fiction books that engage mature teen readers about anything?
How do I get over the fact that science cant compete with science-fiction?
Among all realistic fictional characters, like Hannibal Lector and Sherlock Holmes, who is the smartest?
What kind of non-fiction content is popular amongst Indian kids aged 6-14?
What is a religion you made up?
How do you narrate late night chat in fiction?
Which fictional movie couple do you find inspiring for your own love life?
How can I stop comparing myself and others to fictional characters?
Why are they making fictional story for upcoming "Annabelle sequel"?
Are fictional characters with insane methods loved more than other characters who are sane?
What is meant by a ‘fictional group’?
How can you start as a non-fiction writer? What is the perfect writing schedule?
If you had to choose one fictional character to have sex with, who would it be?
Is the Bible the bestselling fiction ever, or are there other fictions that have sold more copies?
If you could choose any fictional character as a parent who would it be and why?
What are some fictional characters who weakness is depleted uranium?
What is the truth and fiction in the Chola Incident?
Who would win in a fight between Wonder Woman and Thor?
If you could join any group, union or faction in the world (fact/fiction) Who would it be and why?
How can one reach the alternate ending in the interactive fiction "The Act of Misdirection"?
How can the different types of fiction be described?
How do fiction authors find an idea which really has enough substance for a full book? How do they finish it within a few years (if applicable)?
Can you name some interesting books that help in improving our intelligence or some interesting fiction books to read through the holidays?
What should I start studying to become a science fiction writer?
Do you create fictional characters and worlds in your head? Tell me about them.
What is your favorite fictional movie character of all time? What about your favorite novel character?
What are some things I need to improve on this realistic fiction story?
What are differences in writing a poem and a fiction?
What do you consider a great rough draft for fiction?
What are some good fiction books about India?
What are some of the things that one should know before writing fiction for the first time?
Who is the slowest fictional character with super speed?
What are the rewards of writing and developing a fictional character you strongly disagree with ?
What are things that one must need to decide/think about before writing a (i) non-fiction (ii) fiction book?
What are the best selling fiction books for a boy, whose age is 14?
Can science fiction be the future of science?
What's the most detailed fictional world?
Were there any fiction or non-fiction books that predicted the internet?
What are some good tips for writing science fiction?
Who is the best A.I villain in fiction?
Is it weird that people made fake photos and historical newspaper articles about my fictional character?
I want to write a science fiction book with complex politics driving the main plot. How can I accomplish this in a convincing way?
Do you think it is better to read about a historical period in a fiction or a nonfiction book?
What literary devices make a fictional character interesting?
Is it advisable for an aspiring YA author to read YA fiction, even if it's not impressive?
Which fictional character would be the most boring to meet in real life?
Is landing a critical hit on someone in fighting a fictional thing or is it a real thing/term?
Which science fiction book offers the most intelligent path from present-day uncertainty to utopian-like future?
How should I represent a psychopathic character in a fiction?
In Kim Stanley Robinson's "Mars" trilogy, how long does it take to terraform the planet and how scientifically accurate is he?
What category do celebrity fan-fictions go under?
Is it possible to read fiction books while preparing for the UPSC exam?
What are some fictional and non-fictional stories that would keep children interested?
Are you fond of time travel?
If The Mountain gets killed in season 7 of Game of Thrones, who do you think will kill him and how will he be killed for good this time?
Do you know any conservative fiction writers?
What would Jesus Christ say to your favorite fictional character if He met him/her face to face?
What are some good fiction books on Indian politics?
What is it that makes possible for a real story be paired up with some fiction to make a novel out of it?
If you write a novel, which is stated to be fiction, can you (legally) say nasty things about real corporations?
Which author would you recommend to someone who likes to read political fiction?
What fictional character has the coolest plot armor?
What are some ships of unknown designs in works of fictions?
If you could live in any fictional universe, which would it be, when would you go, and who would you be in that universe?
Are there any writers of good hard science fiction being published these days?
If you could be a fictional character, who would you be?
What are the best fictional books about a young man trying to figure out what he wants to do with his life?
Am I the only one peeved by the recent obsession with 'Broken but beautiful' female fictional characters?
What are some optimistic films about the future?
What are some examples of fiction books?
In fiction, and in reality, are there many female characters who would risk their lives to protect their men?
Why is it that in some fan fiction, writers despise Lois Lane’s being paired with Superman?
What are some underrated classic literary works?
How do I stop getting obsessed with fictional characters?
Would you read an Islamic fiction novel written by a young Muslim woman? If no, why not? If yes, what would your expectations be?
You have to choose 7 fictional human characters, to survive the zombie apocalypse, who do you choose?
Can you recommend any good science-fiction themed poetry?
Why do a lot of drawings of Rand al'Thor represent him shirtless?
If you have to take over the world with the help of three characters, fictional or real, who would you choose and why?
What do you guys feel about the fiction book "Secret Lover: Just for Month/Lifetime" by Author Suyash Dwivedi?
What should I do to understand novel characters?
How do you view the role of empathy (ethical or otherwise) in fiction/cinema? What are your favorite resources on this?
What are some fictional novels about the Russian mafia?
What are the famous fictional novels in the world that a new reader can read?
Why is there so much craze for fiction?
What types of books are better if I want to improve myself, fiction or non-fiction?
What are the steps to writing a fictional story?
Have you ever felt that some fictional dystopias sound quite good, really?
What is the most beautiful dragon you've seen in fantasy?
Which colors suit on dark green?
What are different types of blog fiction or novel writers?
Which place on Earth is the closest to fantasy fiction of any kind – you name it! – in terms of living conditions, environment and society?
What book would you recommend if you could reach out to your thirteen-year-old self?
What is the appeal of hot jerks in fiction?
What is the meaning of the phrase “Shall God's fiction, which is a Man's reality, fall short of Man's fiction?”
If you had to choose between reading either fiction or non-fiction for the rest of your life, which one would you choose and why?
If you could bring anime characters to life, which anime characters would you want to bring to life, and which ones would you not want to bring to life?
Is it bad that I can relate to a lot of fictional psychopaths?
You are dead and can pick one fictional character to attempt resurrecting you in half an hour. Whom do you pick?
Which 10 fictions should I read in 2017?
What are some non-fictional books about science fiction that are worth reading?
What 10 fictional characters would you invite to dinner?
What fictional character do you feel the most sorry for or pity?
Are there any fictional worlds similiar to LOTR in that there is regressive technological growth?
Is it illegal for me to re-invent a car that is in a fiction movie if it is not real and has not actually been made in real life?
How can the Harry Potter series be moved forward as a novel after The Deathly Hallows?
What are some unusual fictional characters or races from mythology or legends?
Which South Asian fiction writers, working in the English language, should be considered among today’s best prose stylists?
What would it mean if you were a part of a 6,000 year old mystic bloodline associated with ravens?
How is the science fiction shipyard created and infiltrated?
What are some fictional novels without any characters?
Can www.flixseek.com help us find free fictions?
What are some breathtaking philosophical fictions like The Bet by Anton.P. Checkov?
What are some of the books that changed your perspective the most?
What are some fictional characters which are quite scary?
What is this book title?
If I could wield fire, ice, and lightning, what could be the possible drawbacks of using these powers too much?
What is the best way to self publish science fiction novel?
What are some fictional works that have interdimensional history?
Is it possible to 'punch a hole in reality' the way science fiction talks about?
What are some YA fiction books you would recommend?
Should speculative fiction be treated seriously?
Are there any science fiction books which address a potential 5th dimension?
What would be a better name for another Voldemort for my fanfiction?
Do dragons know who is a Targaryen?
How would you and worldwide governments respond if tomorrow, 10 million exact copies of you were distributed around the world?
Do you read ebooks and fiction novels?
Who is the best contemporary African fiction author you have ever read?
What are the worst fictional boyfriends in TV and film?
Is it good to constantly read fiction novels?
Can any fiction/fantasy writers give some advice for getting started as a writer?
What is fiction all about? Why are fiction books so interesting?
Do you write fiction?
What are the best reference works on American literature?
What are the pros and cons of the Percy Jackson series?
Why is it easier to read productivity and self-improve articles versus fantasy and fiction?
What fictional place would you most like to go to?
Where can I find a good and free fiction writing course?
How do I put my fictional characters/world/story on paper if I'm bad at writing?
What is your first ever short story?
Is there a movie adaptation based on "Middlemarch" (George Eliot novel)?
What is the one fictional crossover you had the most fun writing?
Religious children have trouble distinguishing reality from fiction. What are your thoughts on this statement/ study?
Is it good to read fiction online?
Does Science Fiction inspire you?
Is there a list of must-read fiction books suggested by five-hours-a-day reader Warren Buffett?
Which villain has the best theme?
Are all writers "mad"?
There is the Dynamic Duo, the Seven Samurai and Twelve Angry Men. Are there writing rules about how large a fictional team of people can or should be?
Which is the most diplomatic fictional character according to you?
Do men read erotic fiction or is this market entirely for women?
Do you like the following linked paragraph?
How do you understand Michael Kirkbride's C0DA?
What is the actual life of a smartphone?
What are the best Marathi science fiction books?
If you had 1 hour to kill and only the choice between reading a good fiction novel or watching a good TV show, which would you choose and why?
A former POW kills his king. Can his widow fall in love with him?
What if Superman was not a fictional character? Would he be godlike?
As someone from a first world country, would you consider reading an African fiction book?
Which is the best fiction novel to read with a dramatic suspense?
What is the best page/pages in American Gods?
What are some of the best fiction English novel?
What are some good historical fiction books on the likes of 1984?
How do you think of a start of a fiction?
How long do yautja live for?
What is the most realistic fictional universe?
What are some fiction cliches that you actually like?
What are the Popular fiction or paranormal novels?
Which fictional general would you prefer to serve under most?
Why do we have fictional thoughts?
How would an armored brigade or division fight against zombies?
What is the kind of novel I should write, fantasy/fiction or mythological fiction?
If Vader and Luke's light sabers had the same core would they only be able to wound one another and not kill each other?
Is it normal for men to read Girl on the Train and enjoy it?
What are your thoughts on the book, "Cinder," by Marissa Meyer?
How do I overcome jealousy over a fictional character?
Who are the heroes (real or fictional) of ancient Mexico?
What is the oldest recorded written fictional story?
Is it okay if I borrow some habits from the fictional character?
Is there a web site that compiles predictions about the future made in science fiction stories and novels?
What are translations of 'The Phantom Tollbooth' like to read?
What distinguishes a well-written female protagonist from a poorly-written one?
Who is David Brin's favorite science fiction writer?
How did reading books (fiction) change your life?
In this, the real non-fiction world, would Nolan's Batman be able to stay untraceable? Just drive through a waterfall and disappear without a trace?
Who are the best fiction writers in Malaysia?
What used to be a science fiction but is now a real thing?
What are all the non-fictional books related to parapsychology, teleportation, ESP, and parallel universes?
What are some good beginner fraction fiction books (3rd grade)?
If aliens are invading India and the only way to save us is by uploading the worst Bollywood movie on their server. Which movie will you choose? Why?
What fictional books would you recommend for someone who has an identity crisis?
Would it be clarified in the books as to why Lyanna Mormont is ruling in the Bear Islands?
What are some examples of 'factions' in dystopian fiction?
What was the first work of fiction that pictured alien spacecrafts having the shape of saucers?
How do you feel about using the word 'as' when writing fictional novels?
What is the most grimdark fictional world ever?
Are there any stories that worked better in film than in print?
What can Jon do to prepare his army for the future wars with Cersei and the white walkers?
Is radical life extension science fiction or reality?
What are your thoughts on nostalgia?
Which book publishing website is better for science-fiction: Amazon or Lulu?
Why do people want explanations of fictional movies what they don't make any real sense?
Has anybody used the "Snowflake method" to design their fiction? What other methods do you suggest that are more practical and preferable?
Who is your favorite fictitious character and why?
What are some magic swords in fiction and myth?
What is it like to be abused, how can I write about it in a fiction book?
Are there any science-fiction stories about migrant workers in outer space?
How would the US military function in the event of a 2nd American Civil War?
Why do I feel possessed by a fictional character?
Do you read fan fiction? If so, what's your favourite and link it down below.
What are some recommendations for great dystopian fiction novels?
What are some combat cyborgs in work of fictions?
What is your favorite fictional religion?
What is the most fictional thing in the nature?
What are some fictional characters that possess the character of the perfect woman?
If 42 would be the answer to life, the universe and everything, what would be real the question?
If a literary work is based on a true story, will it be considered as fiction or non-fiction?
Why is fiction always more interesting than reality?
How can I stick with an idea for my novel?
Can I write a science fiction novella featuring invention that is already existing as a future development?
What are some things summoned by magic users to kill other magic users in fiction and books?
Where can I see James Altucher’s book recommendations split across his categories - quality fiction, nonfiction, games and thriller?
How can I flesh out my fiction writing?
If Mukesh Ambani is threatened by Dawood Ibrahim, how would he respond?
If literature aims to reveal the truth about society, is it really fiction?
If you could have the abilities, skills, and powers of any 3 fictional and non-fictional characters, who would you pick?
My birthday is coming up and so for a present I am gonna buy some books can you suggest really awesome fiction books which will be really memorable?
In science fiction, what are the differences between Arcologies and floating cities?
Do you agree with Bob Gottlieb, former editor of The New Yorker, that "there are no undiscovered geniuses toiling away in the hinterlands"?
What is the best HarryXHermione fan fiction you've read? I need some top quality recommendations, thanks?
What were some crazy engeniering plans from the past that seem science fiction?
Which is the best fictional book apart from LOTR, Harry Potter and Charlie and the Chocolate Factory?
Can you suggest me some good fiction books?
Who is the creepiest child character in fiction?
Who is your favorite fictional US president? Why?
What is it that makes a story good?
How do Authors of fiction writing make money?
Who are your favorite/favourite fictional character/s? Why?
How much creative license can be allowed in a historical film before it's considered fictional?
What are some ancient artifacts in books, movies, fiction, television shows, etc.?
Is it dangerous to write fantasy fiction in a language with small number of speakers?
Is the overdevelopment of a fictional world to be used as the setting for a book or short story a good or bad thing?
How do I write a psychological thriller for young adult's fiction?
Reminding myself that The Notebook is highly fictional, was there ever a love story as great as this? Do you have an historical example?
If you had total control over one fictional character for a day, which would it be?
What is a good fictional book that will help me in business?
Are zombie outbreak stories still popular in fiction and movies?
Who is the strongest fictional character without superpowers?
For an agented *historical fiction* manuscript (debut), what word count would seem appropriate to an acquisitions editor?
What are some good books (fiction or nonfiction) that focus on ideas in cultural context?
What battle in ASOIAF previous to Aegon's Conquest would you want to read about in detail? Pick one from Essos and one from Westeros if you’d like.
Is there a science fiction writer writing a book set about the Trappist-1 star system?
What are the forgotten or underrated science fiction novels (or short story collections)?
Why is it so much harder to write a poem than creative fiction?
What fiction novels accurately portray law enforcement protocol?
What do Indian readers want in fiction?
Why do people find fictional villains so attractive?
What is the largest fictional movie battle?
Why did Marsellus Wallace have a Band-Aid on the back of his neck in Pulp Fiction?
How much do comic book artists (superheroes, realistic fiction, etc.) earn on a yearly average?
Would writing a book (fiction or fantasy) be a good idea for a teenager (under 18), as the media would promote it more?
Is it scientifically possible to inhibit movements like virtual reality hardware does in fictions and keep total consciousness so you can play?
Have you ever stumbled upon really deep-going and insightful literary analysis of the City Watch novels from Terry Pratchett’s Discworld series?
I wish to understand fiction writing. What good book or novel should I read to get an idea?
What is a fictional novel or movie set in a historical setting that is accurate, entertaining, informative and yet relatively easy to understand?
Which fictional universe is the most powerful?
Does a woman take the edge off of fictional characters, as in Dexter, for example?
What should I do when acting like fictional characters becomes an unbreakable habit?
What are some fiction and non-fiction books that can make me laugh?
What personality traits do you like best in story protagonists and why?
What are your favorite fan fiction AUs (alternate universe)?
Which kind of books stimulate the mind to think more, fiction or non-fiction?
How can I grow into a successful position as a bestselling teen/young adult fiction author?
What are some morphing weapons in work of fiction?
What is the most beautiful sex chapter in world literature?
If you could pick one fictional vehicle to be your daily driver, what would it be?
What is the best month to release science fiction?
What methods do you use to ensure you create deep, 3D characters?
Are you a curmudgeon?
Which are 10 greatest fiction books?
Mankind has made a lot of scary things in fiction. What are some things in fiction that, if real, would make the devil quiver in fear?
If you have to choose three fictional or real fighting groups to conquer the world, what would be your choices and why?
Is Pixel a bad name, and, if so, what are some similar but better alternatives?
How do I write science fiction stories?
Are there any American fiction novels of any kind that have settings taking place not in the United States but rather else where?
How do I learn to write good fiction?
Would a murderer still be tried even if the murder was completely wiped from their memory?
Who is your favourite fictional character who inspires you?
Why do people write nonsense story of them which seems like fantasy?
Are there any morally good historical or fictional people with the name Alexander?
Who would win, Reaper (Librarian TV show) vs Anubis (Librarian TV show)?
How many books (fiction & non-fiction) about the JFK assassination have been written in the 53 years since that day in Dallas?
What are the ways to get popular in the writing business online? (I write fiction.)
Are there any historical science fiction books?
Why is it that in most works of fiction (i.e. films and written fiction), the protagonists are somewhere between 8 and 48 years old?
Could anyone help me think of special abilities that can come from an important/major memory?
Which fictional character has great understanding?
What are the types of zombies that have been described in fiction?
Are there any resources you could suggest that can ensure accurate portrayal of the military?
How can you marry a fictional character?
Are less and less people reading fiction books for fun?
What are some great realistic fiction book recommendations?
If you were to represent each nation in the world with any one fictional character, how would you go about it?
What are some trick arrows in different works of fictions?
What philosophical science fiction and fantasy books should I read?
Is it ok to exclude 'had' in a quote of a character?
How accurate is prison break TV show and what are some fictional things that are in it?
We deem magic as fiction, yet there is still death and even if nothing awaits us after that there is still the outcome of it. Where is the line drawn?
What is the best way for an established, successful, published, nonfiction author to find an agent for fiction?
Is there any difference between the language density of fiction and non fiction books?
Which fictional AI is the most dangerous one?
Is it okay to write about religion fictionally?
Is fiction closer to reality than we usually think?
In dystopian fiction, why do the regimes get initial support?
Is it good to write fiction in today's world?
What species is the most evil in both fiction and real life?
What are the types of heros/protagonists in a literary work?
Which are the best life-changing philosophical fiction books that have been undertalked?
What are some plausible cases where a boy might grow up in a Christian monastery (any era)?
In Gravity, what is S-K-Dah and what does it mean?
What are some cheesy, unrealistic sex scenes in fiction (books, TV, movies)?
Outside of Marvel Comics, is there any other fictional nation controlled by people with superpowers?
Why does having a major flaw make a fictional character so much more interesting?
What famous stories allude to other famous stories?
What are some good classic fiction novels?
Who are the various writers of apocalyptic fiction set in the Victorian age?
What are the science fiction equivalents of early Sword and Sorcery stories like the "Conan" or "Lankhmar" books?
What are some lesser known masterpieces in fiction/non-fiction in a language other than English?
Is it ok to use real historic places in novel?
Which fiction book would you recommend someone to read?
If witches or any other superior supernatural creatures want something important from human, what would it be?
Who is the male equivalent of Helen of Troy?
I have an idea for a fan-made fiction. How do I approach the original authors with my idea? And should I?
Why do my eyes glaze over when I read that a work of fiction is "magical realism"?
What will be the plot for a science fiction novel or movie of the year 2300 or later?
What science-fiction technology do you think would be worth becoming a reality?
What are some steps I could take to create a fictional modern day nation?
Can an undifferentiated writing style be good?
Who is the most iconic fictional character in your opinion?
What are some dumb things in the Wheel of Time series?
How can fiction sometimes help you to perceive and understand reality?
My wife reads gay fiction, should I be worried?
What are the best Indian English fiction novels for youth?
What are some tactical weapons for fast attack in the real world/life and works of fiction?
Which fiction books have had the greatest impact on the world?
What are some fictional technologies you would like to see become reality?
What would be a good title for a Harry Potter/Babysitters Club fan fiction?
Why do so many atheists, who dismiss the Bible as fairy tales, seem to like indulging in that kind of fantasy fiction anyway?
Who do I look for to read through my fictional story and re-style/re-make it into a decent novel like Harry Potter? My English isn't that good.
Where can I read flash fictions?
What would it be like if a person shrank to three inches tall?
What would be the biggest Fictional company?
Is science fiction going to be science reality?
What would life be like if we instantly spoke every thought we had?
If you could join 1 fictional organization, what would it be?
How hard is it to break into the erotic fiction market? Can it be profitable?
How is the fact and fiction contrast important?
Is Captain America's shield the strongest in all of fiction?
If all actors were suddenly given all the powers/qualities of their career roles, who would be the toughest?
What are some recent must-read science fiction books?
What do you think about "The Truth" by Neil Strauss?
What are some of the best written fictional characters that are kids?
When writing historically-based fiction, how closely is it important to adhere to locational details?
Why do people attach so much rational to fiction and none to real rational situations?
Who is the most tragic villain in fiction?
How does one get skilled at writing fiction, and how did you learn to write?
For the purposes of fiction, can you imagine a brilliant scientist carrying out an entire particle collider experiment alone, with no support team?
What are literature and fiction?
When will there be a site exactly like Quora, but where all the questions are story ideas, and all the answers are fiction?
Which fictional weapons can become real? The idea can be from movies, comics, or novels.
Is there a term for a work of fiction that criticizes itself?
Could Court Gentry defeat the ISA like he defeated the CIA?
What is the purpose of dreams, altered perceptions of reality, and visions in otherwise realist fiction?
How can I write with so much pain, sadness, dread, anguish, and discouragement in my life?
What is your favorite first line from a science-fiction novel?
How long should I read fiction books if my goal is to improve my grammar and writing?
What are some young adult fiction novels with a Freudian Trio?
If someone wrote a fiction book based on Greek mythology, what figures would you want to see?
Has there ever been a successful Fiction book written in the form of bullet points?
What blogging platform is the best for sharing writing? I am keen to write and share fiction stories.
What does "white elephant" mean in Hills like white elephant short story by Hemingway?
If you could marry a fictional character, who would it be?
What are some best books on fiction literature?
Where can I find fiction novels at a cheaper rate in Delhi?
What are some good fictional stories that are over 200 pages long?
Can fictional books and/or TV series develop a sense of self esteem?
Who is the best Fictional dictator ever written?
What’s the worst fairy tale?
I have never written fiction, and I want to try screenwriting. What should I do?
Is there any scope for a career in writing pocket fiction?
What are some fiction books about immortality?
What would a culture, developed underground, look like?
Do I have to be an expert/master in English to write a fictional (novel) story (like J. K. Rowling, for example)?
If you were to create a fictional character of your own (besides Sherlock, ofcourse), what would it look like?
What are your favorite books, from the political fiction genre?
Which is the best Fictional character that has inspired you ever?
What franchise has the most realistic government reaction to superheroes?
What are the best fiction or historical books on revolutions?
What was the earliest mention of aliens (extra-terrestrial life) in the history of fiction?
What are somethings you want to experience but can't because they only happen in fictional stories?
How would the course of conversation go if Sherlock Holmes were to meet Divyansh Mundra?
Was there a fictional or mythological figure who disappeared if everyone turned away from them?
What are some famous fictional INTP characters?
Who are the most unique fictional characters with unique talents, skills, powers or any variable that can make them successful or win a fight? Explain.
Who is the most depraved, despicable protagonist in fiction?
How would you complete this science fiction story?
Does limitations of known science put us at a disadvantage when dealing with magic and why not?
What would be some entertaining books in historical fiction, adventure, classics or bit on science fiction?
I have thought about a science fiction plot and want to write it in the form of novel. How do I approach writing?
Why is there a fictional nation of Sauville in Gosick series?
Would giant swords be effective weapons in low gravity environments and have any fictional stories taken advantage of this concept?
Which are your top 10 fiction books of 2016?
Should I feel immature for liking and reading young adult fiction books, despite my being an adult? If so, should I read more “mature” books?
What is Hesse's The Glass Bead Game novel about?
Is it allowed to base a fictional character on a real person?
Who are some science fiction writers who are at least as good as Isaac Asimov, but are almost unknown in English-speaking countries?
Why should I ever read fiction if I can find interesting and more than enough non-fiction materials?
Is the one-year course in Fiction Direction from FAMU Prague a good course?
What is the first mention of suicide in fiction or the historical record?
Can you recommend good writers of American historical fiction?
What are some science fiction books that are great but has remained undiscovered and unpopular?
Are sleeper agents fiction?
Does anyone find humanity winning almost all the time in science fiction boring?
What are some good fiction book recommendations?
I'm a rising junior. How can I improve my fiction writing before the end of high school?
Are there any fictional social justice warriors or SJWs?
If you could have any author (fiction/nonfiction/living/dead) write your life story, who would you choose and why?
What's the most poignant sentence you ever heard?
How do science fiction fans distinguish science fiction from fantasy?
What fictional character have you seen that comes closest to real life sociopaths?
If Quora was a school what would be the four houses?
Is it okay to write a fictional story with yourself as a character?
Why did the aliens kill the woman in the movie Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull?
What novel or story best captures the spirit of Texas?
Is it common for fiction writers to imagine themselves a part of the world they're creating?
What is the best prose fiction book that you have read?
Name of a book that goes something like 'Why most of your thoughts are fiction and other reasons why you won't succeed in life'?
What is your favorite curbstomp battle in all of fiction?
What interesting things should contain in a movie (for a fictional story)?
What are the best novels in the action, comedy, and fiction categories?
Where does most paper for pop fiction books come from, the US or the rainforests? Do you think its sustainable to buy anything new made from trees?
What are the best websites to publish your fiction blogs weekly and how to gather an audience for it?
What book—fact or fiction—would best help you understand Romania and its history?
If Lloyd needed help with the word, "the," how could he have legally operated a motor vehicle?
Do you prefer writing fiction to non-fiction, and if so, why?
Are there any fictional books on 'white torture'?
What is a good fictional book about Siberia?
What are some of the most prescient predictions in science fiction?
Are there any fantasy (or just fictional) worlds with a flat Earth ?
Can a math-oriented person become a fiction writer?
In fiction, how should you depict the female gaze in a lesbian romance?
Why do real life battles last longer than fictional battles?
What is your favorite science fiction book as of 2017?
What are some cat aliens in works of fictions?
Who is the greatest fictional war strategist of all time?
Is The Zodiac Legacy: The Age of Bronze out yet?
What are some book recommendations for newbie?
What should I do to be a good writer of both fiction and non-fiction?
What is the best type of science fiction?
Is "The One Ring" from Lord of the Rings a macguffin?
What elements would you love your perfect fiction novel to include?
How can science be used in science fiction?
Is there any resources for writing military dialogue in fiction?
If you were forced to live in a fictional dystopian world of your choosing, which would it be and why?
Has any fictional novel been write in an open source format?
Am I wrong to feel that real science is painfully boring/depressing compared to science fiction?
What would you do if you could summon any fictional character for an hour?
What is Modern Fiction?
What is your favorite Science Fiction depiction of first contact with alien life?
Can you suggest fictional stories or movies that share parallels with trump and those that follow him?
Is Ralph Wiggum the most powerful being that has ever been created in fiction?
Could I get sued by publishing a fictional novel about some real person according to Indonesian law?
In what scenarios, would a technomancer/technopath be powerless?
You're to be on a 50-mile highway in the middle of a desert, there is no speed limit or cops, and you can choose one fictional car. What would it be?
Where do I read science fiction online?
Is the Pulitzer Prize in Fiction a good indicator of literary quality?
When is it ever okay to use adverbs in Fiction stories?
How do contemporary fiction authors today avoid having current technology and tech communication trends fatally date the shelf life of their books?
What non-human fictional being would you have sex with?
Are you or have you ever been in love with a fictional character (games, books, movies or TV series)? Which character and why?
What fantasy race would you want to be real?
What are some examples of fiction and nonfiction books?
Which 10 books should you read before leaving school?
Who are the top 10 powerful (fictional) characters?
Is fiction ever actually fiction as most made up stories are based on something that actually happened?
What fiction books do you recommend for my new full time maid/nanny that would inspire her, entertain her and get her hooked onto reading?
Are there any fiction/non-fiction economic policy books explaining different unintended consequences?
Why is fiction and poetry important?
What is the difference between surrealism fiction and fantasy fiction?
Do you know where your towel is?
What does ‘canon’ mean in “Harry Potter”?
What is a science fiction lover’s worst nightmare?
What ‘deep’ fiction books would you recommend to a 15 year old?
When writing a novel, when is it good to write in the past tense, and when is it not?
What's the difference between translocation and teleportation (in terms of fictional magic)?
What other goals would an artificial superior intelligence have in a fictional story, besides destroying or saving the world?
What is the full list of fictional AI assistants?
What would happen if the earth's molten core was replaced with chocolate?
What fictional character fascinates you most?
What are some new fiction books written by autistic authors?
How were mythologies written? Were they started as fiction? If so, do we have continuity errors or different versions like fan fiction?
Do I need to copyright my fiction work before approaching a publisher?
When writing science fiction or fantasy, is it more important to depict cultures that are realistic, or ones that reflect modern values?
Who are some of the best fiction or non-fiction characters with mustaches or goat tees?
Has your fiction writing ever been hampered by a lengthy outline?
What are some religions (or books about them) that revolve around the universe and transcending?
There are many ways to tell the same story. How do you select the best one?
Does reading really help change us in a big way?
Who are some English authors who use the most complicated and difficult-to-understand words in their books or poetry?
Which fiction book caused you to cry the most?
What kind of erotica fiction appeals to male readers?
Is a wormhole real or fiction?
What non Great House in Game of Thrones can raise the most men?
What do you think of the book 'Dead Souls' by Nikolai Gogol?
What would happen without fiction novels?
Where can I find an editor's email address for Spider Children's Magazine?
What is the best sentence you can think of to finish a Science-fiction story?
What books or movies are about the romantic relationship/friendship between scientist and artist?
Who is the weakest superhero of all fictional universes that can still topple the world governments if he wanted to?
Is “The Name of the Wind” worth reading?
Who are the best indie writers in literary fiction?
How should I add images in a romance fiction book? Can I assign one full page for an image or should I share it with text?
What are some good stories on "Evil allures but God endures"?
What movies do you know that have an evil mayor?
What are three fictional books that one can’t put down without completing?
What are some self employment ideas for people who only want to read fiction?
When I write, I give myself the body, personality, life I wish I could have. Is this an unhealthy reason to write fiction?
What dystopian fiction has been the most foreshadowing of reality later?
What are the themes in prelude by Kathrine mansfield?
How important is naming in fiction?
Can you write a fiction book portraying living public figures?
What are important things to add to your fictional world to make it believable?
I have a script for a fictional but historically accurate novel in medieval settings. How do I proceed?
Is there a fan fiction where Bruce and Clark are a couple?
Who are the most popular science fiction authors of all time?
Why is Antony a common name among fictional mobsters?
Who is the most evil character in all of fiction and why?
Can you begin a fiction novel in 1st person POV-the view of the protagonist, then switch to 3rd person POV a few chapters in?
What are some examples of fiction in literature?
Is it unhealthy to enjoy Mary Sue fiction?
If Varys' power story is foreshadowing, who might be the king, the rich man, the priest and the sellsword, and in what circumstance?
What era in history of Essos (Ghis, Valyria, etc.) corresponds to the Age of Heroes of Westeros?
Is it ok if someone were to write about politics (sort of like how Karl Marx did, but without the communism) and also fiction sci-fi and war fiction?
What are the best books on persuasion and negotiations in literary fiction?
What science fiction media realistically portray artificial organs and prostheses in a human body?
How do I create a coherent timeline for a series of books in a fictional world?
What is the best companion book for world literature?
What are ten fictional universes that you wouldn't want to live in?
Is fiction basically just a bunch of specific examples of philosophy and aphorisms?
Can you make a horrible fan fiction by using only 200 characters?
Criminals fleeing to either Canada or Mexico is a common staple of American crime fiction, but how often does it happen in real life?
Has the quality of stories improved because of advances in technology?
Does anyone do free development editing for my fiction book?
If you had to make a video game of any character from any fictional/non-fictional universe, which character would you choose? Think out of the box.
What is the most terrifying piece of fiction ever made?
How can I describe a journey back home of a group of four people in a fiction story?
Which was the most disappointing Harry Potter book?
Can I really live out my fantasies like I've read about in fiction novels and seen in pornographic films?
Where does the splendour lie in writing/reading fictional books?
Does fiction exist in a vacuum?
What are some realistic fiction story ideas?
What are some must read science fiction novels that don't have space travel and aliens?
Is there a psychology equivalent to science fiction?
Why didn't Bran send Rickon to the wall with Jon?
Should a literature student only read literary fiction?
What is your favorite method of space travel in science fiction novels?
Is Predator's more a Betty or Veronica type of guy?
Assuming you are a part of their fictional world, are there any fictional characters whose life you would be willing to save by giving up your own?
Is writing non-fiction easier (faster) than writing fiction?
What should I read fiction or self-help?
Are there any fictional examples of anti-technological and anti-scientific societies ruled by military might, corruption, criminality and untruths?
Which fictional character that you created is your favorite, and why?
If any fictional character joins Quora, what kind of questions will be asked by or to him/her?
Is it cliche to refer to an organization using general titles in Utopian/Dystopian fiction?
What are some intense science fictions?
How do I get better at writing fiction (stories)?
What are some fiction literature books with themes of government and power?
How much magic does it take to summon the Reaper in fiction, books, movies and/or television shows, etc.?
Which is more satisfying, journalism or writing fiction?
Is Stephen Hawking the father of future science or fiction?
What's the best fantasy army you could ever build?
Would certain languages or cultures on Earth have been more advantageous in communicating with the aliens in Arrival?
If you could make any fictional character come to life, which would it be?
If we lived in a fictional world where most people had powers, what powers would be considered common?
What is the best title for fiction related to rain?
What is the best background music for reading fiction?
Do you need special permission to write fanfiction stories or books?
If I were to write a fictional story that mentions a real government agency (DARPA), in a kind of negative light, could I be sued for defamation?
Is writing good fiction still a worthwhile vocation?
With Asimov and Clarke gone, who is writing "hard" science fiction?
What are some fantasy stories in settings not based on medieval Europe?
What are the best possible ways to plot a fictional story on any topic or idea in order to write a novel?
How can reading fiction help me improve in my course of life?
Say Saitama from One-Punch Man suddenly appears in the current Star Wars universe. How screwed is the Star Wars universe?
Which is the best fictional series providing medical knowledge?
If a billion-year-old star transformed into a human, what would its mindset be?
Fictional or real, what animal do you never want to come into contact with?
Why is Melisandre not in the service of Daenerys?
If you were forced to create your own fictional universe to live in, what would you create?
What are some good fictional series that I can read?
How can I convince an average Indian that Bible is a book of fiction?
Why do so many Y.A. fiction novels have seventeen-year old white girls as protagonists today?
Your favorite fictional character is coming to kill you, armed with your favorite fictional weapon. How do you escape this sticky situation?
What is the inspiration behind some of the greatest fiction stories of our time?
Can you list some of the best 'realistic fiction' movies?
What are the advantageous of omniscience over super human intelligent?
What kind of fictional monster would you choose to be and why?
Would you be interested in seeing a published/condensed/edited form of In The Realms of the Unreal one day?
How do I publish my science fiction story?
Have you ever felt like living in fantasy for ever, like a book you really liked and wish to living it?
What is the best and more realistic way to resolve a love triangle in fiction?
Are stereotypes of races based on fact or fiction?
As fiction writers, how do you get past the common feeling of "This is awful” when you start to write?
Is there an example in fiction (literary or cinematic) where deus ex machina was used to positive effect?
What are some best fiction books for a beginner?
Could there at least be a 0000.1 chance that all fictional characters exist?
Why did Lorraine kill Ben in "The Women of Brewster Place?”
Who is the most evil character who looks cute?
What fictional work has the most terrifying depiction of body horror?
If a human fell in love with an animal who became human and gained human intelligence, would it still count as bestiality?
What inspired the book series Wheel of Time?
What are best crime, capery story and science fiction movies?
For $5,000,000, would you spend one year in a parallel world similar to ours but there is one difference marked in the details?
What would it be like if humans could jump into any fictional media?
A Song of Ice and Fire: Has your opinion of some of the characters changed over time?
Which is your favourite fictional Bengali sleuth?
What are the best non fiction books on astronomy/Physics ?
Who are your fictional and real life role models in life?
What is speculative fiction?
Is it true that some characters in fiction, dont need to wear masks?
What Aussie YA fiction books should I read?
What is a good book with a fictional/nonfictional narrative to it?
Is there a fiction story about stress and language?
Has a Head of State ever written a good fiction novel?
How would we perceive the world if we were able to see IR and UV light (or more)?
What is your opinion on the fictional character Carmen?
I'm used to reading non-fiction. What are some must read fiction books?
Which are some good novels (science fiction or fiction)?
Please recommend a book? A narrative (fiction or non) with a compelling character worth emulating who undergoes a transformation?
Which Science Fiction book series to read?
Any fictional conspiracies that are close to the reality?
How do I learn to write interesting fiction and get motivation to finish?
Is it weird to like fictional characters more than real people?
What is fiction novel?
What are the best slice-of-life graphic novels?
Can you tell me any names of movies of fictional old times, like Lord Of The Rings, 300, etc.? Which ones have battles and a great story in them?
If you have a button that can bring any and all fictional characters regardless of the genre and media into the real world, will you press it?
Which fictional characters have an ENTP personality type?
Is science fiction taken seriously within science circles?
What type of fictional characters do you tend to attach to? Do you think that this reflects your subconscious somehow?
What kinds of unique character traits do you wish was more prominent in popular fiction?
Is it better to avoid or use slang in young adult fiction novels?
What is your favourite book and what book do you think you should recommend to 12 - 13 year olds?
What are some tips for writing action scenes in fiction?
How do science fiction writers come up with designs for a spaceship?
What is M.U.T.O. a mutant of?
As a creator, how does it feel for your work to be popular to the point of fandom?
Is "Thunderbird" the only term used for airplanes, in fiction or otherwise, based on animals?
How do movies, TV shows etc. affect our brains?
Who is your favourite non DC/Marvel superhero? Why?
How long would it take to bring down Sam Fisher?
Can fiction or novel writing be considered fine arts?
Which are some good science fiction/fantasy short stories' sites?
What is the fiction part of fiction in action?
What was the best zootopia fan fiction you've read?
Do fiction readers ever have an issue with authors' wrong portrayal of tragedy?
Who are the biggest entertainers on Quora? Who would you choose and why?
Which are the best pieces of flash fiction that you have heard?
Why Indian writers mix love stories even in good science fiction books like 2024 Man on Mars, a great science fiction but mix with love story?
What are the best fiction books about politics?
Within science fiction, what technologies do characters use that allow them to identify previously unknown living things and their internal structure?
Do you know of any books where the main character becomes bad?
What is the most common misunderstanding about literary fiction?
Who is your favorite mathematics character in a work of fiction (books, plays, movies, etc)?
How are the births and early lives of great main characters portrayed in Eastern storytelling?
What are fantastical elements in fiction?
What heartwrenching story have you heard from a panhandler that you later found out to be fiction?
Who are the top three authors in Hindi pulp fiction?
Who is the most underrated Lovecraft creature?
If you're a fan of crime fiction, does it ever get exceptionally preoccupying?
How can I start reading fiction again if I haven't read a fiction book since I was in school?
How does one go about introducing a fictional world?
Who is your favorite writer of fiction from Malaysia and Singapore?
Would 5k words a day damage creativity? I want to boost my fiction writing from 2k to 5k so any tips would be appreciated.
What fictional character was accurately portrayed as a psychopath?
Which science fiction novel has come true?
What is the coolest set of armor in anything fictional or non-fictional?
Is there any magazine where I can send a science fiction story or asking for science fiction writers?
Can you name some marvellous works in the field of novels?
Why there are less science fiction books in India?
Do we have enough portrayal of mental health in young adult fiction? If so, is it portrayed properly?
Will Dushka Zapata ever write a fiction book?
What science fiction movie creation would you like to become real?
Are there any fictional examples of a post-apocalyptic world dominated by a lawless, propaganda-filled repressive and gangster-like society?
How do you supercharge the ley lines in works of fiction and books?
What would you say is the best new fiction book for 2017?
Which is the best fiction novel in Hindi?
Can you picture yourself in the shoes of any of the protagonists of fiction?
Where do you think the difficulty would lie in the translation of Chinese fantasy fiction?
Can you summarize the useful points of a book you have read in 200 words?
Are there good works of fiction (movies/written) which tell engaging stories by focusing more on principles and ideas and less on characters?
How can fiction be considered art?
Should all fictional works include at least one female character?
Are there any examples of fictional dictatorships denying technological progress?
Is anyone in the fictional universe faster than the Flash (DC Character)?
What are the best fiction books with lessons on compassion?
Which is the best Hindi fiction?
What are some amusing relationships between two profoundly different characters in fiction?
What is the disorder of creating fictional people in life?
What will Jon snow do with house umber now that he won the north?
Are there any good writing exercises for fiction writing?
What are some good examples of last names for fictional characters?
Is love most a fiction when it becomes a mere duty as opposed to a true personal passion?
Are good science fiction books rare compared to other genres?
What are some famous science fiction stories/movies. Made in Iran?
How can Martyn V. Halm write so convincingly from the perspective of a blind person? Is he himself blind?
Can you name a fiction book where someone learns a foreign language?
Who is the most popular witty fictional character in literature?
What purpose does an abridgement of a fiction book serve?
Who is the greatest manipulator in fiction?
If you could visit any fictional world, what fictional world would you choose?
How can you accept that fact that you cannot go to fictional worlds and that you are stuck in reality?
How can I get in touch with an FBI agent about asking questions for researching a book?
What is the science fiction book where the planet encouraged OCD in children because they thought they were prophets?
What if famous people were clan leaders in Clash of Clans? What would be their clan name and clan description?
As a Christian author, is it ok to use fictional religion and magic in writing stories?
What are some good fiction novels to read to improve vocab?
Who is hands down the most complex multi dimensional character in all of fiction?
What would be a good name for a fictional Japanese talkshow?
What fictional charachter death is the saddest?
What are the best fiction stories in the history of mathematics?
What are some books about fictional and non-fictional Indian queens?
How can an author predict sales of his book?
How do I publish a fiction book in India with no money?
Have you ever met someone so eccentric that you could base a fictional character on them?
What grains are natural, or have they all been changed from God's intention?
What are the rules of fan fiction writing?
What are fiction stories? What are some examples?
What does the short story "Babycakes" by Neil Gaiman represent?
Who is the most evil fictional character that isn’t human?
What sets a paranormal romance apart from other paranormal genres?
Which are some of the greatest works in Classic fiction?
Was the Golden Company lied to about Aegon's true parentage?
Are there any literary fictional characters that are similar in personality and skill set to Jason Bourne?
What would you do if you were 17 and woke to find no one remembers you?
Are there any American fairy tale style romance young adult fiction that I can enjoy reading?
You are tasked with writing a fictional story about one or more Quorans. Who would you pick, and what would the story be about?
Telepathy is typically in the reserve of the science fiction genre, but what if we could actually read other people’s thoughts? What might we discover?
Why are the words "fictional character" used together, as if characters could be non-fictional? Isn't this a pleonasm?
What are the best Indian fiction novels (regarding medical profession)?
Can I get some supernatural stories of maths fiction?
Which fictional character would you relate yourself to and why?
What do you call quoting something or someone from a fictional universe, as an example to illustrate a statement on reality?
What is going on in the rest of the world outside of Panem in the fictional Hunger Games universe?
In fiction writing, should I start with creating the characters or their surrounding environment?
What are some of the best non-fiction and fiction books that you have read in 2016?
What are some of the largest creatures or structures in fiction of any sort?
Who are your favorite pilots of all time (both fictional and non-fictional)?
What is the most disturbing thing that you ever read in a fictional work assigned in a class you took?
Where can I learn fiction writing and screenwriting in Bangalore?
Is the story of Odysseus fictional or real?
What is your favorite educational fiction story?
What are some good character driven science fiction novels similar to Bujold's Vorkosigan Saga?
How can writing fiction help my depression?
What do you think is the age at which an aspiring writer should start working on a fiction novel?
What could you do with the superpower to manipulate thermal energy?
Some say that Mahabharata is fictional, and is a tale written to inspire future generations. How do I prove them wrong?
Why are almost all science fiction weapons woefully inadequate compared to modern equipment?
Which science fiction stories from before 1980 did the best at predicting what modern life would be like?
What money does a fiction author get for a movie option?
How would you design the Snowpiercer?
What are some of the most beautiful descriptions of fictional places in literature?
What science fiction technologies are actually feasible and could become a reality this century?
If Osama Bin Laden was at war with Pablo Escobar, who would win and why?
Are there good fiction works that explore the stage of moving to retirement?
Looking for an old science fiction anime about a kid trying to save a girl/princess in a weird tower or spaceship like dungeon?
How can you start a fictional story if you have a few exciting ideas?
Is Kaguya Otsutsuki from Naruto one of the worst fictional mothers?
What are the best fiction books to learn about the Russian Revolution and communism?
Which are the best fiction books ever written about interest in mathematics?
What are some tips for writing a fictional school?
What are online websites to read full ebooks for free, both fictional and non- fictional?
Are there any relations between Harry Potter and Percy Jackson?
What are you looking in a fantasy story?
Will reading novels or non fiction increase my brain's processing and ability to grasp complex concepts?
Could the ancient Stark sword the original "Ice" be an Other sword?
What are your favorite themes/character developments in Crime Genre?
How would I use real life subjects in a fictional story?
Which book (fiction or horror) should I buy?
Is there a real substance that, if injected, can kill a person immediately like in fiction books or action movies?
What is your favorite fictional flag?
Which are some of the best works of futuristic fiction written by women?
What are the must read books under fiction for beginners?
If you existed in a magical/fantastic universe, would you be into the light or the dark side?
Will you review my fictional novel?
Which single work of fiction has changed your life the most?
What could be the reason why Oathkeeper and Widow's Wail have black and red ripples instead of the usual black?
What fictional characters do you know have puns in their names?
Which is the best library in Mysore for reading fiction novels?
Are there any really good fiction books about Area 51?
What are some diseases my character could die from in the 50s?
What is the name of the science fiction story where a man's entire life is the last message of a dying people?
What great fiction books would an enneatypes 6 recommend?
What is your favorite short fiction having memory or amnesia as a central theme to it?
Why do some literary genres get outdated?
What are the great fictional book should I read which are available in free?
What is a good book (fiction,any genre) that can change my perspective against the status quo?
If you could have any job, fictional or real, what would it be?
What adventure/fiction books do you recommend? I enjoy sagas and series.?
What are some examples of fiction disclaimers?
How do I detect a copied fiction?
Which animated fictional movie character do you wish was real?
What is your favourite map, fictional or non-fictional?
Are there real secret elite ninja Clans that live in the mountains with crazy fighting abilities or only in fiction?
How many books (fiction & non-fiction) about 9/11 have been written in the 15 years since the terrorist attacks?
What do aliens or monsters have to do with science-fiction?
What is your fictional desire?
What modern young adult/adult novels digress from the "fantasy world with a hero on a journey to save a friend and find themselves" plot?
Why is it that for some fictional stories, some atheists say that both are equally implausible, but others are able to clearly chose?
What are some groups of characters, in works of fiction, similar to the lost boys of Peter Pan, in that they are on their own and have a hideout?
I have read no fiction since high school. On what good am I missing out?
Are there any fictional examples of a post-apocalyptic world where tech progress is non-existent and eternally ruled by some backwards empire?
What is the most probable/possible meaning of the fictional name "Wu Ao-Shi"?
What are examples of allegorical fiction?
I am writing a military/war based story, what are some examples of wars where its subjective to the reader who is "good" fictional or real examples?
What theoretical evolutionary steps would a species have to go through to eventually become energy based beings (example: the dredge from Titan A.E)?
Are there any great historical novels or modern non-fiction narratives dealing with ancient Israel?
What's the best way for aspiring writers to learn how to analyze fiction books and stories?
What are some examples of must-read modern French fiction?
What are some of the places to pitch/submit stories for a neophyte author (fiction or nonfiction)?
Which science fiction you want to happen in real life?
What is your opinion on this recently released controversial fiction book on Kashmir- ‘The Tree with a Thousand Apples’?
How many people on Quora like to review fiction by Indian authors?
What's the name of the fictional city 13 Reasons Why take place?
How much character development/depth is there in classical fiction - relative to modern fiction?
How can I make a fictional antagonist likable?
As a fiction writer, have you ever knowingly written something as part of a book or script that you knew was poorly contrived?
How long should fiction writer wait before trying to get published?
Which nationality do you think makes for the best (movie) villains?
Which fiction novel will you recommend to all Quora users?
What will the role of Bran Stark in GoT be?
Who is the most heroic fictional character in existence?
Can it be called a work of fiction if it is (almost) completely based on someone you know?
What are a few clear 'purposes' of fictional or real individuals?
Do Presidents in works of fiction have different vehicles than in real life?
Do you fill out fictional character profiles, or do you simply write?
What are some great, original, unique science-fiction/fantasy stories, books, or comics you would recommend for a person to read? The more recent, the better.
Guys, do you have any fiction books about Opium Wars in PDF you can share with me?
Would it be a good idea to have a TV series with multiple seasons based on Lord of the Rings, The Hobbit and The Silmarillion?
I write erotic fiction to get myself off. How eccentric is this sexual taste?
Does multiverse theory imply that there could be a world with people with powers like the ones from any fantasy or science fiction movie?
Which fictional character do you find most inspiring, and why?
What are some good names for a fictional heaven?
What are the best fiction books about our universe being a computer simulation?
What fictional baddie would you most like to be?
How do companies feel when trademarks become fictional characters? For example, the rejuvenated Gap Dragon in Xanth was named Stanley Steamer by Ivy.
What do you think of the Nine Sins in roleplay?
Why would aliens in work of fictions become rogue?
What are some tips for someone who is about to have their fictional novel published?
Is it okay to make a villain silly rather than threatening?
Why are people drawn to criminal fiction?
When preparing for TOEFL, should I read fiction or nonfiction books?
What is the different between science and science fiction?
How do contemporary fiction authors deal with new technology like conversation via text or Snapchat when writing?
What are some good names for a fictional modern city?
You can go into one fictional universe of your choosing. What would your role be in this world, and how would it affect the characters and plot?
Why don't aliens have any answer to nuclear weapons in movies?
What is the best way to be intentional about becoming a better fiction writer? What should a writer focus on while following advice to "just write"?
Why is the best fiction always based on reality?
When writing a book, can you set it in a fictional place in the real world?
Which books should I read if I love fiction?
What are the best fiction books for a quiet teenager?
Is your worldview defined more, less, or equally by facts or fictional stories?
What are the best military science fiction books?
What are some tips for writing dystopic fiction?
Time travel is a popular theme in fiction, however, it tends to always have negative outcomes. Is there a reason for that?
How do you define a space opera as opposed to other forms of science fiction?
What is the most interesting book (fiction or non-fiction) you have read recently? and why did you find it appealing?
What are some must read fiction stories?
What are some non-fictional books about fantasy that are worth reading?
Who is the most adorable fictional character you've ever seen?
Do physicists write science fiction books?
You have proposed better pop culture Muslim portrayals for increased acceptance. What is an example in recent fiction that you have come across?
That lion is king of the cats, what’s the equivalent for “king of the goats”?
In some fiction, a character's body is slammed against a concrete wall which cracks it or breaks it with their back. Is this possible in real life?
How are autistic people portrayed in fiction?
What are some interesting fictional computers?
What is a posh, classy sounding city name?
What are the main characteristics of fiction books?
What would be a future (science fiction or otherwise) fastest mode of ground transportation?
I want to author a fantasy fiction novel but I have never written a book before.How do I write & publish a book successfully?
What is the greatest non-fictional siege?
Fictional detectives always seem to have criminal archnemeses. Have there been any real-life examples of this, or is it just in fiction?
What are the ten best thought/fleshed out science fiction universes (books)?
How would a orbital platform in science fiction be created?
How can I sell my fictional and non fictional articles? If blogs buy articles, do they publish the author's name?
Do you think Terra-forming will be a reality or it will only remain an aspect of Science Fiction?
Is science a fiction?
Why might someone not enjoy fictional books but enjoy fictional movies?
Are there any examples of fictional dictatorships having state-authorised criminality?
What are some weapons in works of fiction that can only target alien physiology?
What do you find more interesting: fact or fiction?
Do the kind of fiction characters we like (good or evil) describe who we are?
What are the all time top 100 best selling authors' books for fiction including plays and poems that you have read?
What does the book facts and fiction written by Mark reveals?
Where can I find bizarre texts that only exist on the internet?
What is the most transformative experience you have had with a piece of fiction? It may be a book, a movie, a play, video game, you name it.
How do I form the demonyms of fictional planets and cities in Dutch?
What abilities can be expected from superpowered fictional animals?
Is there a trend of pop fiction in Kannada literature?
What are your favorite fiction novels, novellas or short stories that you recommend to others?
I want to write a short fiction story. Could you give me any writing and/or content idea?
Who would lead an imaginary evil army raised from the depths of history and fiction?
Why are most Star Wars fans so vehemently opposed to the idea of midichlorians?
Where does science stop and science fiction start?
What is an example of a legal fiction?
What film TV show/book that you have watched/read had the best structure and plot?
Lacking inspiration, can readable, interesting fiction be created using only the mechanical rules?
What is meta-fiction? Why is it considered to be a characteristic feature of postmodernism?
The lightsaber is the coolest fictional weapon ever. How do you create a cool weapon like this for the fictional world?
Being a multi-genre author, is it an advantage or disadvantage?
What are some good free online fiction writing courses?
Are publishers willing to publish Islamic fiction?
What are some good ideas to write a fiction book about?
Are all of Tom Freeman's answers fictional?
Which “great“ works of fiction bored you and why?
How long does philosophical fiction need to be (word count)?
Why do we believe the story when watching a movie, even though we know it's a work of fiction?
Which science fiction book had as its main character a police woman with gene-modified super skin, and there was a whale hooked in their "internet"?
What is the best fictional character in Tamil?
Which fiction/non-fiction writing blogs do you know of and recommend?
What are some fantasy/fiction books you really enjoyed?
Does reading fiction really affect and help in fostering students of English vocabulary in writing?
What exactly is "interactive fiction" and how does it engage people?
Should I take notes for fiction books?
Why is "The Great Gatsby" considered fiction?
Has your favorite fictional book, movie or tale revealed something about who you are?
What are some references to fictional colors that exist in literature?
What are some pink pig creatures in works of fiction?
Are you entertained more by the real world or by fiction? Are people in general inclined to favor one over the other?
What are the pros and cons of narrative fiction?
What are some fictional books or movies with narcoleptic characters?
What are some of the best science fiction, fantasy, mystery, psychological, and dystopian novels to read?
How can I create a fictional narrative story?
Has anyone gone through darkness but initially was in light but again came back to the light?
Can you recommend some authors with a similar style to Maeve Binchy?
Who is your favourite non-fiction author?
Are there any books with an immortal person that writes a biography about his last 4000 years experience?
What is the appeal and value of science fiction?
How do I begin writing fiction stories?
If you could rename the Percy Jackson books, what would you rename them as?
Are Villains a thing of the past in fiction now?
Why is Mary Jane name is used for so many fictional characters?
In novels, can a character have multiple foils?
What is a secret about an original fictional character that your readers will never know about?
What are some friendly or cute robots in fiction?
When is a society a fiction of former glories- how ineffective is heritage weaving when it's no longer connecting identity to a sense of achievement?
What should I know about doctors so my fictional characters will be believable?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of having an ambiguous timeline when writing science fiction based in the future?
Can you suggest publishing houses in Melbourne that print historical fiction?
What bookstores in Tokyo have the best selection of Chinese-language books (especially fiction)?
Is there a modern equivalent of Weird Tales?
What is an example of a plot-driven story vs. a character-driven one?
Does having a good understanding of science make it harder to write science fiction novels?
Is the whole of mathematics a fiction created to make sense of the reality?
What are the greatest examples of autism in the fictional media?
Would "Nine princes in Amber" become as recognized and famous if it were published today?
If you had unlimited money, how would you develop a fictional country in Bir Tawil?
When I'm narrating a fictional story, should I describe all the settings in the story itself, and what should I avoid?
What do fans of medieval history and fantasy fiction need to know and keep in mind in order to differentiate the two?
How did fictional people make his or her mythic weapons?
Why is Robinson Crusoe regarded as marking the beginning of realistic fiction?
What are the tips to write a successful book of fiction?
Where did this fiction come from that Sarah Palin is stupid? I know elections are important to Democrats, but it's bullying to write off people like this.
What is women fiction?
Who is / what is the origin of the fictional character named 白風之痕?
Do publishers prefer crime novels set in fictional towns/boroughs (legally speaking)?
Can I trademark the title of my fiction novel series?
Am I the only one who thinks that David Brent is quite possibly one of the most relatable fictional characters of all time?
How did people first start thinking about personal force field? How were they seen then?
Could you be put into a coma if hit in the head hard enough with baseball bat?
What are some good fiction books based in Bangalore?
What is the best fictional book for a 12-year-old who is reading adult books?
If a group of people read the same story book of fiction, would the scenes they create with their imaginations be similar to each other?
What are the pros and cons of providing chapter titles in a novel?
What are some best practices for fiction writers creating diverse characters, and avoiding tokenism?
What's a good disaster-prepper fiction book? One with a good plot but without blatant gear advertisements.
Is Jaqen H'ghar a mind reader?
How do fiction authors feel about people pointing out their typos? Would they prefer a review, an email or a note to their editor?
In Tolkien's fictional world, what are humans better at than any other race?
What are the biggest changes you've noticed about science fiction conventions over time? Which do you find positive, and which do you find negative?
Why does science fiction exist? What purpose does it serve?
Why do so few fan fiction readers ever offer commentary and critiques when this is meant to be the whole point?
What is a good fiction book to read at the 7th and 8th grade levels?
If you could choose someone else to be the next POTUS, alive or dead, real or fictional, who would it be and why?
What makes a great historical fiction novel?
Are there any non fictional humans that have lived who are arguably more famous than Jesus?
How do I publish my fiction work?
Should I only write fiction about what I know?
Which are some animals only limited to fiction and do not exist in reality?
Who are some of the smartest fictional characters?
Is time manipulation powerful magic? Why or why not?
I want to be good at drawing from my imagination but I have no experience. How do I start?
Is it typically necessary to practice Chekhov's gun to write good short story fiction?
What is realistic fiction? What are some known realistic fiction writers?
What are some good fiction story ideas for teens?
What is the name of the narrator of "Justine," the first volume of the Alexandrian Quartet by Lawrence Durrell? Is the name ever spoken?
Could anyone suggest me some good fiction/mystery novels which are gripping and interesting?
Among English language non-fiction writers, whose style is your favorite?
If you can hang out with any fictional character for 24 hours, who would you pick and why?
What are some reputed Hindi fiction publishers in India and what are their email addresses?
Can you recommend some advanced fiction books for the purposes of vocabulary building?
Can a blind person become proficient in aikido, like Bram in the Amsterdam Assassin Series?
Are there major science fiction stories about a religiously-motivated alien invasion besides Halo?
What is William Gaddis's literary legacy?
Why can't people have fish daemons?
I have an idea for a story, but have never written more than two to three pages of fiction. How can I improve my writing?
Who is the favorite non-fiction author of Jared Kushner?
What's the oddest way you've been introduced to a work of fiction you ended up loving?
Is it good if you feel vulnerable when you write fiction?
What is your favorite work of fiction of 2016?
Have you ever read Cyberpunk Science Fiction?
Does art need ideology?
What was the first Deus Ex Machina in history?
Is there such a thing as being too immersed in your fictional setting or characters?
What are some of the Doraemon gadgets that you want to have?
What separates popular amateur fiction from unknown amateur fiction, even when both groups have "bad" writing?
Do benefits of reading fiction include fanfiction?
If you could steal other people’s souls to live forever, would you? What would you turn into?
Why do many people like psychopathic fictional characters?
What are some books like Rose of No Man's Land?
What are fiction books that take place in Scotland?
Have you ever gotten so involved writing a story about a fictional character that the character's personality started to merge with your own?
What's the difference between reading fiction vs. non-fiction, psychologically?
How hard can it be writing your first novel that is fictional? Especially getting the motivation that keeps going off fast?
Who do you think is the best fictional writer?
Which series of books should I read first among A Song of Ice and Fire, The Lord of the Rings and The Godfather?
If you could create your own fictional political party, what would it be?
What fictional characters would you invite to eat dinner with and why?
Which is more fictitious, religion or science?
Has any fictional series been written about India's special security services, the RAW, the CRPF or the Gorkhas?
What is the relationship between Indian English fiction and globalization?
What are some statistics about Interactive Fiction?
Are there any good programs for making maps?
What made you become an accomplished fiction writer?
Could you suggest some fictional and non fictional novels that are helpful to improve English and aren’t boring?
Can you suggest me some good fiction books to read?
What responsibilities do/should fiction writers take into consideration when writing?
Non-fiction vs Fiction? Which one is better?
Who and what is Dagan Harris?
Do I have to have an external conflict in my book, or can it be completely within the main characters psyche?
What can be the best classic fiction books to read for a 25-year old to start with reading?
What is the best fiction book available on Amazon?
Is there any written work of fiction that retells a story from the Bible in a really interesting and creative way?
Where can I hire a cheap editor for fiction novels?
Who is your favorite not-so-famous fiction author?
What are some tips regarding writing stronger characters in fiction?
What is benefit of reading science fiction book?
In contemporary or historical fiction, is it better to use specific, real places, or a vague or fictional town?
What fiction books changed how you view the world?
Can sign language be used to 'read' someone a piece of literary classic (or any fiction, really)?
How is this for a first science fiction-superhero novel- Nova Academy, by Scott Olen Reid?
What is a good fiction to nonfiction reading ratio?
What is meant by aerial fiction?
If you could kill any fictional character, who would you choose and how would their death effect the rest of the story?
What is the best Flash Fiction Story that you can write?
When science fiction stories talk about alien technology being made of an unknown "element," shouldn't it really be an unknown alloy or compound?
What is the difference in purpose between a fiction and nonfiction book?
What are some books with LGBT+ characters that are not explicitly about LGBT+ issues?
What fiction features a dictator protagonist?
Would you read a romantic love novel or a science fiction novel or a mythological fiction novel?
Is the list of 5 characters that survive according to GRRM's original plan for ASOIAF still relevant?
Your profile picture meets your favorite fictional character. What happens?
Who are the top TEN fiction writers writing in English in Malaysia judging by awards won and reviews?
Is it bad to have unrealistic characters in fiction?
What are some of your favorite science fiction novels that give great (pedagogical) examples of physics?
What are some great inventions that can turn science fiction into reality?
Who is your favorite fictional villain? What character traits led to this decision and how do they blend or contrast with the work's mood?
Is there any legal risk for a fictional character owning real entities?
When is Dominique Weasleys birthday? I’m writing some fan fiction and it would be really helpful if I knew this.
Is reading fictional novels important to life? How, and why?
What advice is there for writers seeking a topic or plot for their first full-length fiction or non-fiction book? See if you can surprise me!
What does Ezekiel Jones love gold or Ezekiel Jones?
Why are people so obsessed with the "classics" in regard to fiction? Is it a way of validating their intelligence?
What is your review of Scream 2 (1997 movie)?
What is the most intimidating fictional character you can think of?
If you could dance with any fictional character, who would you dance with?
Was The Scarlet Pimpernel the first fictional vigilante with a costume and a secret identity?
What 3 pieces of advice would you give to a person who wants to do fiction writing?
What are some good books about spies (fiction) that preferably involve LGBT characters?
How do I send a cease and desist letter for inappropriate usage of my likeness and image in a realistic fiction novel?
What should I know about writing a fictional character who is a young transgender woman?
Does it make sense to read fiction if I'm into business?
What happen between Gordon and Stoner at the end?
What is the fastest fictional thing?
What is the most horrifying fictional infectious disease?
What are some touching and uplifting fiction books about the human spirit and it's goodness?
What is a gravity well in science fiction?
What is a great tagline for a fictional brewery?
How can I get a educational, non-fictional book published?
Has television surpassed novels as the source for the most interesting and thought-provoking discussions amongst educated people?
What is the greatest inconsistency in the DC Universe?
How come Western movies focus on different aspects like science fiction, war, and why most of the Indian films lack such different perspective?
What would make a really cool fictional international villain, and what evil deed is he planning to undertake?
What do you like the most about Sherlock Holmes?
Which speedsters from fiction are second to speedforce users and similiar characters with impossible speeds? How fast are they?
Star Wars (creative franchise): Why does Kylo Ren's light saber look like multiple strands of electricity?
What are some aspects of a beautiful short story?
What qualities make a fictional character a Mary Sue and how to avoid it?
What are the saddest villain deaths in fiction ever?
Is everything in real life lamer than fiction?
Who are you most envious of—real or fictional—and why?
Book 1 of a 4-part book series is quite dark, and lays down the foundation of that universe. In literature, what should be the tone of Book 2?
How strange would the first name Pixel be in medieval times for a fictional story?
I had published a fiction earlier. The contract has expired & the rights are back with me. Can I now approach other publishers to republish the novel?
What are some examples of the 7 elements of fiction?
Why would someone like only realistic fiction books?
Which work of fiction best explore China as the only new and only superpower?
What are the best non fictional books on travel and adventure?
What are the features of a good science fiction book?
Which fictional game character would you enlist in your personal army and why?
What are the top ten fiction books you would suggest an avid book lover to read?
What's the most difficult to read science fiction book?
Are there any good fellowships for emerging fiction writers in India?
Why is literature so important?
What are some movies, stories or novels in which the character forgets about the boundary of fiction and non-fiction?
What are the best free international fiction writing competition in North America?
Do you have some suggestions on how to research properly before writing a (i) fiction (ii) non fiction book?
Are there any science fiction media that feature an independent brain as a character?
Are there any fiction books that depict a discipline, organized and intelligent character?
How do I start a story when all I can come up with are the main plot points and how it ends? Also, how do I bridge those main plot points?
What are some science fiction stories about benevolent artificial Intelligence?
Is it insulting to survivors to write a historical fiction novel about the holocaust?
What should I do before writing a fictional book?
Why is popular fiction dismissed as socially and politically conservative? How is it socially & politically conservative? Why might others disagree?
What are some good ideas for a fiction story?
Is it ethical to pen down some excerpts very loosely based on historical events in a fiction novel?
What's a non-fiction book that can be compared to "Animal Farm"?
What is a great dark fantasy book series for me to read?
What annoys you when reading zombie fiction?
Who is a better writer? Richard Dawkins or Charles Dickens?
What was the science fiction of the Renaissance period?
What are some good examples of Chinese contemporary urban fiction?
Why aren't there many science fiction games?
What are some fiction novels that begin as several unrelated stories that slowly come together at the end?
What is the best fictional character?
How do you get through a book in one day?
Who is the most tragically screwed over character in fiction?
Did the deaths in "1000 ways to die" really happen like they claim, or are they all fictional?
What is some science fiction on an epic scale like Dune?
How would you feel if you could break the 4th wall as a fictional character?
If you were offered a new wardrobe, but it had to be derived from a work of fiction, which would it be?
Who is the most terrifying fictional sociopath and why?
Which is best non fiction book in psychology?
Which books (fiction or non fiction) provide a good description of life in rural India?
What is the best hard science fiction book of all time?
How does one design characters, plots, conflict within a fictional world that closely resembles our own?
What is your reason for writing serious fiction?
If you could bring one single type of technology from fiction, what would it be?
Who are some contemporary, literary fiction writers of note in Hindi and what are some of their recent books?
What are some of the precautions to take when writing a fanfiction?
Trace the development of modern English fiction with specific reference to the major shifts in literacy perspective during the nineteenth century?
What is some good and (mostly) historically accurate fiction set in ancient Mesopotamia?
What are the biggest civilizations of fiction in terms of population?
What are the best fiction/story books about Project Management (ex. The Phoenix Project)?
Would it be a bad idea to name my (fictional) daughter Chell?
Can I use a popular quote in my contemporary fiction novel?
Where can I publish fictional love story?
There's yellow peril science fiction of China/Japan conquering the western world, is there any 'brown peril' fiction of Indians conquering the west?
Who is your favorite not-so-famous non-fiction writer?
If Percy Jackson had accepted godhood what would he be god of?
In your opinion what are the top five most powerful science fiction universes?
Why do many women have trouble understanding that Prince Charming is a work of fiction?
Are there any good books (both fiction and non-fiction) about the Trans-siberian railway?
Is Ramayana a fact or fiction? Some archaeology department evidences prove it is true, if so how did the author write up the story?
If you could choose one fictional character (any media) to rule your country, who would it be and why?
Is intellectual property protected on blogs?
How do we even know if there is an intergalactic catastrophe coming for us if we only see back in time through a telescope?
Can I register my company name under a fictional character or object from an anime?
Can someone sue you for mentioning his product/fictional character in a video?
What are the best adult fiction novels you can read in a day?
Apart from Darth Vader, Voldemort, Mr. Burns, and Ebenezer Scrooge, which fictional characters would be Trump supporters?
What are some good fiction books about law?
Can you identify this science fiction story?
I'm 18 and I want to write a fiction novel, is that silly?
What are the most enlightening books of fiction you've read?
In which short story does a spy defeat an assassin by tricking him to jump out a window?
How much are writing contest judges paid?
Why do some adults like YA fiction? There are some really trashy writing in that genre.
Are the Jerry Springerish situations presented in some Quora questions for real? Either way, how do you know?
Is there any fiction novel in which girl has a love failure?
What science fiction television shows would you use to teach students about character development or plot?
If a place on Earth catered to aliens (fictional place on fictional earth), would the place be called exotic by other people, humans, and/or aliens?
How would you describe the character of evolution, if you anthropomorphized it?
Is western history built on fictional novels?
Is Ramayanam fiction or a real story?
Which piece of fiction or other intellectual property do you want to see made into a play or musical?
What are classic examples of journalism (non-fiction) addressing absurdity?
What are the difference between a traditional literature and a modern fiction?
What CEF level of English is needed to write a fiction book?
I'd like to read a speculative fiction book about Californian Native Americans. Are there any?
What is the difference between urban fantasy, paranormal fiction and science fiction?
What is the most powerful fictional race?
If you met your favourite fictional character, what would you say to them?
Can looking at images on greetings cards inspire fiction stories for children? I really enjoy looking at pictures.
What fiction features a future authoritarian world revolution?
Why are so many fictional schools named after William McKinley?
Why do I feel attracted to evil characters in fiction?
What book publishers of young adult fiction would you recommend?
What would popular fictional characters answer to the question, "What was your greatest regret?"?
What are some realistic tactical backgrounds for females in federal agencies and the military?
Should we expect a space warfare soon?
Is it a good idea to read novels while preparing for finals?
What works of literary fiction also feature photography?
Is Superman the best fictional hero of all time? Why or why not?
What's the place of science fiction as a genre in literature?
Who is the favorite fiction author of Jared Kushner?
What are some good books in philosophical-fiction genre?
What are the fiction books that leave a smile on your face after you have read them?
Is it possible that this fictional parasite could reduce humanity to only a few hundred million strong?
How can I engage directly with my readers and run discussions about my fiction novel, The Favored Son?
What are fictional characters and how are they developed?
What are some well known villains from fiction with no humanity?
Why is the movie industry bringing more sequels and fiction?
What are the best verses that were ever written for a fictional religion?
How would a work of romance fiction written by an author who's never been in a relationship differs from those written by experienced ones?
What should a person do if he is creative in making words (like novels, jokes, poems, songs, linings, fictional stories, etc.), but doesn’t have money?
Why am I not able to read fictions?
Are there any fiction writers or screenwriters who work freelance or at their own pace?
Which strongest fictional character could you solo?
Isn't The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy overrated?
Is it immaturity of people who write up 1000 words answer about powers & weaknesses of fictional superhero characters and have a discussion on it?
How would people and the world be different if works of fiction did not exist?
How do you find time to read everything?
What is the name of a short story about aliens offering to fix earth’s problems by taking control for a long time?
Why would a person write fiction?
What do you think about fiction setting the bar too high for reality?
What is the exact meaning of "write a fictional account of XYZ Situation"? Should it be in a form of story?
Where can I find free fiction, aside from ficfun.com?
Are there any novels like sports fiction?
Does science fiction element makes a movie entertaining?
What are some places of great magical power in work of fictions?
Which fictional characters would you have loved to have gone to school with?
I want to read an Elena Ferrante book, what should I start with?
How do I make my fiction flow seamlessly?
Who is your favorite fictional deity?
Does fiction reflect reality? Or does it distort reality?
I wrote a romantic fiction novella of about 27,000 words, do you think it is really short? How much words should it have at least?
How has science fiction affected the development of modern day technology?
How would you react if you discovered that all fictional characters are real creatures living in alternate realities whose existence depends on us?
Is writing speculative fiction dying as a career?
What do prolific storytellers on Quora make of the fact that "truth is stranger than fiction"?
What is the strongest fantasy element?
Were Henning Mankell and Steig Larsson greatly influenced by the books of Per Wahloo and Maj Sjowall?
What is DC multiverse?
What is the most interesting book, either fiction or non-fiction, you have ever read? Why?
What fiction authors are writing Medium Series?
How do readers bond with fictional characters?
If you had to pick 5 fictional characters to live with for the rest of your life, who would they be?
Are autobiographies a type of nonfiction novels?
What mathematicians are amazing science fiction authors?
What's an excellent "coming-of-age" fiction book I could recommend my 13 year old daughter?
What are the best fiction books of our time?
What are the upcoming Indian fiction novels?
What fictional belief did you have as a child that you were disappointed to learn wasn't true as you grew wiser with age?
What do you think of people or fictional characters who act extremely neurotic and pretentious very often?
Do you think literature can be a big help to our culture nowadays?
Do you know about famous women or in fiction who died of a heart related disease?
What twelve fiction books should I buy for my daughter?
Who is your favourite fictional antagonist?
Which fictional character has the best introduction?
What are some real life examples of "reality is stranger than fiction"?
How do I write good dialogue for fiction stories?
What would be a good building to use as the American headquarters of a fictional Illuminati?
What are some books that use POV chapters as well as ASOIAF?
What are the best unused Science Fiction concepts?
What are some of the best fiction books for kids?
Why do the Yautja no longer feel pain, fear, mercy, and hesitation, and how did this happen?
Was Emily Rose real or fictional?
When describing a scientific phenomenon in sci-fi, is it poor form to use parts of a concept another science fiction writer developed for his book?
What is a good historical fiction novel, historically accurate and not about wars/gruesome?
What is the process in writing a fiction book?
What are some of the best fictional (love story) novels and movies?
If you could choose a fictional character to run your country, who would you choose and why?
What is the most futuristic and surreal thing you have ever seen in science fiction or fantasy fiction?
What is the best fiction featuring happy characters in bombed areas?
What is your opinion of Dan Brown's novels? I find it hard to understand the authentic and the'made-up' (fictional) part of his novels?
Do you prefer happy or sad endings? Realism or fantasy in your literature?
What are some weird alien monsters in work of fictions?
How many fictional universes can you name that each have their own equivalent of the Living Tribunal?
How important is it to create an antagonist to build a perfect recipe for drama in a fiction?
Which is the best fictional audio book you possess?
Will some of the modern fictional works based on Hindu gods and characters become "smritis" in future?
Which is the best fiction book about Dyson sphere?
Who are some fiction writers who write about forests, mountains and the environment?
Which book should I start reading (fiction genre) right now?
Which is the most trusted publisher for fiction novels in Mumbai, India?
Why is travelling backwards in time such nonsense even in science-fiction?
Can The Witcher be considered a work of fiction as good as The Lord of the Rings?
If seven maids with seven mops swept it for half a year, do you suppose it's possible they could make it clear?
What do you think are three of the best duels in fiction?
Why does science fiction tend to be emotionally cold?
What would I gain after reading 40 fantasy novels?
Your favorite fictional character is coming to kill you. You are allowed one fictional weapon of your choice to defend yourself. What do you choose?
How do you get over a fictional death?
What are some artifacts that can turn a run-of-the-mill children's magician into someone who can transform matter, control minds in fiction and books?
Is there interest in a website for fiction book summaries?
How can I stop being in love with a fictional character?
Who'd be in your all time kingsguard?
Can you recommend any fiction on reincarnation?
Why do we become emotionally attached to characters from movies, TV series, video games, anime and books knowing it's all fiction & scripted?
What is the most useless science fiction gadget?
Is Padmavati a real or fictional character?
What are the top 10 deconstruction of fiction to watch or read?
What do fiction readers want out of their book?
What are the best stories or fiction books to change your traits, worldview, motivation, etc.?
Who is the most endearing/lovable fictional character?
What is the best fiction to read today?
Can you write about black characters without mentioning race, culture, history or politics?
What are the positives and negatives of using your otherwise ordinary hometown as a fictional setting?
Can I hire someone to review a fiction novel that my kid has written?
What are some of the darkest books/novels/poems that you've read? Fiction or Non-fiction.
Are DC superheroes more realistic than Marvel superheroes?
What are some ways to subtly suggest to the reader that the narrator is unreliable when writing a work of fiction?
Why is science fiction so popular in writing?
What are some fictional history books written as if they are historical?
How would you create a safe future considering yourself a fictional character from the movie Transformers?
Can you write fiction in another language other than your main?
How can I improve my abilities as a fictional writer?
Are dragons, vampires and werewolves demonic or just fiction?
How is it like to read a chronological novel from back to front?
If Jules Verne's fiction novel about "Rocket to the Moon" can come true, can Dinosaurs also come back from extinction?
What is the best fiction book series [according to you]?
How do I decide what book genre a character belongs in?
Do you think fictional characters may exist in a different dimension or reality?
Why should I be interested in fiction, when reality is so extreme? (I wish I had a dollar for each time I've heard "You can't make this stuff up!")
Is there a fictional character you loved as a child, yet grew to hate as an adult?
Is it possible that the fictional ley lines were inspired by fault lines?
How accurate is criminal minds and what are some fictional things that are in it?
Do you think fictional stories should have grammar mistakes and colloquialisms in order to make the characters more believable?
What is the difference between churches and "legal fiction" (like LLCs)?
Can only one space marine from Warhammer 40k be able to take out the entire axis force from WW2?
Which fictional character's personality and actions are closest to yours?
What makes a good book cover for a YA novel?
Are there fiction novels with gay characters contextualized in the Middle Ages?
Did Littlefinger really love Catelyn Stark?
What's the point of (f) Aegon's storyline?
Copyright law: Is it okay for a fiction writer to use similar or identical themes that may already exist in other novels?
What is the definition of "fiction"?
How do I write a good fictional story?
What are some incredible feats of stealth in fictional characters?
What are examples of apocalyptic themes in films, TV and fiction created outside the US?
Who are your top 10 writers of fiction?
Which fictional universe would win in a fair 'rap battle' against all fictional universes?
What are some good harlequin books?
How do you select an ethnicity for a fictional character?
What do you think makes a fictional character good or evil?
If mankind created sentient robots, would they have equal rights?
How do you write fictional characters based on real people you know?
What time could I realistically set science fiction stories in based on the current pace of scientific progress?
Can I sell teacher resource materials with pictures of fiction book covers on them?
What are some of the characteristics of gothic fiction? What are some examples of it?
How can I formulate a great fiction book idea?
What are some must-read English fiction books?
Is there any novel that deeply details where a society is governed by a philosophical-magocracy ruled by immortals that genuinely governs for good?
What are some elements of realistic fiction? How can they be applied?
Imagine you are given a chance to date a fictional character. Which character will you choose and why?
What's your fiction to non-fiction ratio over say an average year not when Harry Potter came out obv?
How can fiction reveals truth and what are some examples?
What are the worst 'literary fiction' novels you have read?
The Victorian era is often portrayed in fiction as a time where high moral values were affirmed but not practiced. Is this a fair portrayal?
What's the most interesting fictional world you've read/seen/heard about?
What are some of the best magic systems in fiction?
What are some instances where a kissing scene is more intimate or sensual than a sex scene, in fiction?
What is your favorite quote from any novel?
Do flash fictions still sell?
What are some good love making scenes where the woman initiates and conducts the sex?
Why are evil characters in modern fiction and fantasy often depicted as asexuals?
Which are some good science fiction/fantasy sites for beginners to submit short stories?
How choppy can a novel segment be?
I write sci-fiction, adventure and fantasy stories. Are there any popular websites where I can upload them for people to read?
What are some historical fiction books that a young adult must read?
How much leeway do you give a book before giving up on it?
Do you strangely envy all those emotionless dystopias in fiction?
I have a main character from Scarborough, North Riding, Yorkshire. What can you tell me about the local culture here?
What are your favorite fictional characters that have a number as their name?
What is an underrated fictional character that you have a crush on?
Has any work of fiction, or alternative history, ever been written, postulating the legal prosecution of Hitler at the Nuremberg trials?
Can you suggest some interesting fiction books for read with intermediate level? (English)
Why do I have intrusive thoughts about fictional characters?
What software is used by authors of fiction to generate ideas on where to take the story next?
Are there any science fiction media that feature friendly robots?
What fiction books should I read?
What are examples in fiction that require an explanation that isn't suspension of disbelief?
What are some best psychological thriller fiction novel?
What fictions have the best and the worst "internal consistence" (kind of low and high level of self-contradicting/paradoxical setup)?
Who are the three most archetypal characters in the history of fiction?
What is the dominant philosophy in classic fiction?
What is a good style of fiction writing?
What do you consider to be the piece of anticipatory fiction (book, film, etc…) which best predicted the current American socio-political climate?
What are fictional country names ending with -land that sound realistic?
Does it make sense that I write to fulfil impossible fantasies of mine?
Which are your top 5 books (fiction or nonfiction) for 2016-17? Please support your recommendation with reasons.
Which contemporary science fiction author writes the most like Michael Crichton?
What are some important facts about realistic fiction?
What is your greatest desire as a science fiction writer?
What romance fiction books should a young adult read?
What, in your opinion, is/are the creepiest, most chilling creature(s) from the realm of fiction?
Which is the best romantic fiction novel you have read?
If you are struck in traffic which fictional character comes to your mind, like if you were that character you can easily escape the traffic?
Which genre of science fiction is enjoyed by most scientists?
Which fictional books should I read during 12th vacation?
Are there any great fiction books about happy people?
Can you suggest 10 fiction books to buy when I really enjoy philosophy and complex language used well?
Why do you write fiction?
Which are some good crime fictions based in Texas/Louisiana?
What fiction features a devil as a main character?
As a Black Sails fan do you feel the show has gone downhill by adding more fiction onto the storyline?
What makes the world of The Witch Who Came in from the Cold different from other fictional worlds?
Do historical fiction novels sell and who are the best publishers to approach?
How realistic is Bob Lee Swagger?
What is the best motivational fiction book?
What are the top 10 worst fan fictions ever written?
What are some good lighter urban fantasies (not YA)?
Does economics has anything to do with literature and literary theories?
What is the best way to write a fictional story?
How would a legion of vampires be created in fiction and why?
I recently went to a bookstore and was disappointed with the fiction selection. Can anyone recommend good contemporary literary fiction?
Who are your top 5 fictional characters of all-time?
What fictional city in the DC universe would you most like to live in? Why?
Why are some people so serious about fictional stuff?
Is it true that today, commercial fiction is bland garbage, while only some innovative literature will be remembered as classics in the future?
What are some short GF-BF stories?
How would you rephrase "Despite the fact that your company has not announced competition"? (competing to get a job)
What are some extra-dimensional being in works of fiction?
(Detailed answers please.) What would you think the everyday life of the (objectively) most stunning and beautiful woman in the universe would be like?
What are good sites for practicing fiction writing?
If you could choose one fictional character to protect you, who would you choose?
What do you call the genre of fiction with floating islands and flying ships?
What fictional work has the coolest designs for its space ships?
Do all fictional books need to conform to scientific reality, or are people simply nitpicking?
Why are fantasy books so long, and how did the genre become so popular?
How do you efficiently introduce readers to a fictional setting?
What is a good novel to read to 3rd graders?
What do you think are some of the most underrated science fiction films?
What would happen if Tony Stark met Sherlock?
Why it is called three musketeers even though there are four after D'Artagnan joins team?
What are some good science fiction stories from India? Film, books, and so on.
How can I get blue fiction on Quora?
What fictional government is most evil?
I need a very emotionally intense, creative, and unusual series of fictional books to read. What do you recommend?
Why can't fictional characters be real?
Why are human beings addicted to fiction?
I'm an 8th grader who wants to become a fiction writer. What do I need to do in school?
What is the classification of fiction?
Is the Bible subjective?
Who would have won the fight had Wildlings not come to the rescue?
What is the worst thing that can happen to a man?
Are answers (not all) on Quora are fictional but depicted as real life incidents?
What are some fictional villains that the main protagonist of the fictional work are scared of?
What are the most famous fictional characters who save the day, get the hot chick but are bald?
What are some good historical fiction books on Rajasthan?
What are some good reference books for lovers of Science Fiction?
What is the name of the writing used for Halloween and horror titles?
Does the date of publication matter in case of a fiction?
What are the most badass fictional characters?
What are some tips for writing a historical fiction novel set in the Victorian times, London, England?
What are the Physics rules that is a must in a fantasy novel?
What are space fiction books in Kannada?
What are the elements of a good fictional story that both critics and general audiences enjoy?
Who are some of the best fictional characters who don't talk?
How do I get my book (fiction) reviewed without compromising the ownership rights? The book is still in soft copy.
Was Hecate Poole the best character of Penny Dreadful?
Which fictional character scares you the most and why?
What are some best practices for a fiction writer to note down thoughts, prose, and ideas that come into your head at inconvenient times?
How can I get the sales figure of a fiction novel?
Which writing frameworks allow me to personalize my fiction towards aspects about my reader?
Would you say "The Girl on the Train" uses lots of telling, not showing?
What are some orange and green skin beings in works of fiction?
What are the best modern fiction books about traveling to the future?
In what ways does the writing process differ for nonfiction compared to fiction?
Who is the world's greatest detective, whether that be from a fictional or non fictional setting ?
How do I write a story that is based upon a fictional world?
How do you write a conspiracy story twist in fiction?
What is the best advice for fiction writers who are just starting out?
Is it fine to use past continuous while writing fiction?
What is the one fictional book you cannot do without?
Is it normal for assassins to avoid using firearms, like Katla in the Amsterdam Assassin Series?
What are your thoughts about this intriguing piece of amalgamation of science, maths, fiction and filmmaking?
What fictional books can I apply psychoanalytic criticism to?
To what degree is Stephen King's fictional Castle Rock environment realistic?
When writing fiction, is it appropriate to tell the plot through dialogue?
What are some spells to become a fairy in fiction?
What would the conversation be like, if you could meet your favorite fictional character?
Which is the best book we should read in the field of fiction?
What is a good example of a fictional narrative story?
What are some good young adult fiction novels about same-sex relationships?
Who is the most selfish fictional character ever?
What're some tips for an aspiring science fiction author?
What advice would you give someone writing a fictional novel about aliens?
What should I read in young adult fiction?
Is there a more powerful weapon in fiction than this?
What is your favorite fictional alien race and why?
Are there any books or movies where old flames meet again, stirring up all sorts of feelings, possibly even having an affair?
Can I buy some shares and sell them tomorrow to get profit or is there a minimum term after which I can sell?
Who was the real Sherlock Holmes and how similar is he to the fictional character?
What are some examples of fiction literature? How is fiction literature different from non fiction literature?
Which authors of fiction succeeded on their first book?
What are the different types of fiction writing?
What does a fiction writing class in a workshop format cover?
Can you help me to identify these characters from children's stories, nursery rhymes or fairy tales?
How is writing science fiction different from writing other kinds of fiction?
How do I make my stories for English class shorter?
Why do time slips happen in fantasy and science fiction?
Is inception possible in real life? Or it is just a fiction?
What is the difference between "fictional" and "fictitious?"
What aspects of Dan Brown's Davinci Code are misleading, manipulative, or flat out untrue?
What are the coolest alien species in fiction?
If they could be real, what are some fictional characters who you'd like to have on your side in the zombie apocalypse?
If you conjure a fictional character from your imagination, could it be possible that you are really telling a past-lived story without even knowing so?
Is Hawking radiation real or fictional?
What is the worst piece of fiction you have written?
Do people prefer reading crime fiction in India?
What are your recommended fictional books?
I want to write a fictional book that takes place during WWI, what are some important facts I should know about the war?
Do you believe that death is just a fiction?
Which are the must-read English books about Northeast India, both fiction and non-fiction?
How do you avoid sounding cheesy when writing fictional stories?
How can I reduce my addiction towards fiction serials?
What genre do fiction books that have complex political plots belong to?
What fiction characters with abilities/superpowers are vulnerable to concussive weapons?
Can you recommend any good, serious, Overwatch fan-fiction?
Do you think that as a society we take fictional works (movies, books) too seriously?
If you could completely fabricate a Quora answer, what would the question be, and what would be your answer?
What will happen between Jaime and Cersei in season 7?
What science fiction have you enjoyed recently? (Sep — Nov 2016)
How do I deal with falling for the fictional character?
How do fact and fiction differ?
What are some good, modern, easy-to-read science fiction books?
What would happen if all comics characters, beside Deadpool, found out that they are just fictional creations? Was there ever written story like this?
Which fictional heroes do you see as actually being the villains of their stories?
How do I write a science fiction book without making it sound unreal?
What would be the optimal weapons/armor combination for a fictional urban vigilante?
What are some of the challenges of writing contemporary fiction today that weren't an issue ten years ago?
What fiction has a hell as a setting?
If aliens came to our planet and said "Bring us to your leader!" who would you pick as the world's leader?
What is the art of fiction?
What are the best fiction books about Rome?
Which are some of the best science fiction stories of all time?
Did you ever get inspired by a fictional novel and set out to write your own?
Are there science fiction movies/books/games with only theoretically possible technologies?
What is lacking from a reading experience?
Who are some of the best villain protagonists in fiction?
If you could create your own fictional modern day country, what would it be?
A science fiction story I read years ago had the final line "To ask a good question, you must almost know the answer." Is this true?
Which type of novel is more beneficial fiction or non fiction?
What does it mean that Greg Egan's "Permutation City" touches on the nature of consciousness?
How many of you really believe in god like it’s something supernatural?
When writing fiction, what is a cultural conflict that could take place on the following map?
How do you make a fiction story come alive?
Are original characters in a fan fiction better than canon characters?
How would the public react to a fiction book that has justified (not really) terrorism or terrorism that tries to be justified?
What were some challenges with creating and depicting a fictional African culture?
What is the best way to go about getting fiction published for a first-time writer?
Do authors receive any success by spreading their written work or being active on Medium?
Who is the greatest hero in all of Ayn Rand's fictional works?
Who is a terrible villain from an otherwise good fictional work?
What's a really good young adult fiction book I should read?
What are some magical weapons to shield yourself in works of fiction?
What is the best way to set mood in a story without just describing surroundings?
Why are the best fiction writing tools for Windows?
What does fiction shows us about the human person that nonfiction cannot?
If you had to name the single book that most profoundly influenced your life, which would it be?
What are the characteristics of a fictional narrative story?
I have a fictional disease I made and I'm looking to the closest real life version there is. Can any of you give suggestions?
Do successful people read fiction novels?
How many distinct psychographic segments have been established in the field of marketing research?
How realistic do male characters tend to be in most young adult/teen fiction?
What are some examples of "fiction"?
How would you create a army of meta powered beings?
Why does reference to 'books' often default to 'fiction books' and skip 'non-fiction'?
What should every aspiring interactive fiction creator/writer know about interactive fiction?
What fictional monsters are you most afraid of?
Can an author write about a science-fictional war of America vs. England in the future? Do you think the states would get offended?
Which is your fave suspense thriller fiction novel? Mine is “Gone Girl”.
In your opinion, how does the Dark Tower series mix fantasy, science fiction, and horror so well?
What are some good English crime novels with amazing cliffhangers?
It started as a coping mechanism for anxiety, but now I very often have fictional characters talking to me and interacting in my head. What do I do?
Where can I find hindi to english translator for fiction novel?
What is the best POV for science fiction?
What are some ideas of fiction books for kids?
Is Imperial March the best villain theme? If not than what is?
If you found out that the world you lived in was fictional, how would you convince everyone else?
How do I organize my thoughts? I am thinking of writing a fan fiction, but I have all these ideas spinning around my head and I can't organize them.
What is your favourite ever helmet, Real or Fictional?
How do people in works of fiction figure out how to turn their superpowers on and off?
What are some fictional stories of The Future set in years that are now in the past?
Why do I prefer fantasy to reality?
How do I write a constitution for a fictional country?
Are fictional stories necessary in order to understand real events, e.g. wars?
What would happen if all the fictional villains came to life?
Is space travel a real thing or still fiction?
Suddenly, everyone on Earth is given a random fictional object. What happens?
Who were/are the greatest British fiction literature translators?
Is it even remotely possible to terrify the Joker?
Which are the best fictional bloggers? Especially Indian?
Is there a good illustrated encyclopedia on fiction writers?
Is writing a fiction tougher than writing a non fiction?
How can I become like a fictional character I created?
What is novum in science fiction?
Is science fiction becoming more mainstream?
Do you think the genre of Film Noir could be reborn (or rebooted) especially as a vehicle for science fiction? (Think Heinlein, Asimov, Doc Smith)
What are the characteristics of novelette that differ it from Novel, other than just word count ?
Is Illuminati real or is it a fictional conecpt?
Is there a piece of software that estimates climactic zones based on fictional geography?
Is life experience crucial to being a good fiction author?
How is dystopian fiction related to the historical moment it is created in?
Who is the scariest heroic fictional character?
(fiction writing) Is it possible to poison an object so that someone who uses it eventually gets intoxicated without even noticing it?
What are the best romantic, fantasy and inspirational (fiction or non-fiction) books to read?
How many words should be there in a humourous-romantic fiction novel?
Who is the fictional archaeologist Howard Carson based on?
Are there italian fiction books that discuss the north and south divide of Italy (like difference in culture, stereotypes, etc)?
What are some ethical issues with fan fiction?
What are some good hard science fiction books?
Could you name a few good publishing houses for fiction in India?
How is the process of writing different between writing fiction and writing non fiction?
In fictional writing, If a killer sends a human heart in a box, is there a way for specialists to link it to the person it used to belong to?
Whose fiction has been translated into the most languages?
Why is archery such a common skill for protagonists to have?
Did any work of fiction characters learn a new power where they can duplicate yourself?
How can I create an online fiction novel?
Which human looks like a jellyfish?
Are all myths fiction and untrue?
Which is the best fiction book to read?
Who are the most famous horror fiction writers of the late 2010s?
If you ever needed to consult or retain a detective, which fictional American detective would you approach--Continental Op, Marlowe, or Donald Lam?
Does Batman love Wonder Woman?
What are some mind-blowing examples of "truth is stranger than fiction"?
I want to read fiction books which book I should start with?
What fan fiction websites are best for preteens to write on?
Could fictional stories really just be past life or alternate universe events being told?
Which political party, if at all, would Captain America be in affiliation with?
Is there any free self-editing program for fiction writers?
How would your fictional country be?
What are good fan fiction of the Wizarding World of Harry Potter embracing technology?
What are the high rated fantasy and fiction movies?
Can I publish my anime fan fictions?
How do I get Interested in non-fiction instead of fiction?
Why is detective / crime fiction almost always about murder and not other types of crime?
I'm writing fiction about a girl who emigrated from Sangar Russia to Seattle US in 2006. Can anyone help with cultural or characterization tips?
What are some of the types of weapons, vehicles, and tools in a Steampunk setting?
Does it help increase your intelligence if you read more non-fiction books than fiction books?
What are some good Indian science-fiction or books published in India?
Why am I not allowed to like a fictional character if they are a bad person?
What are your favorite historical fiction novels taking place during the French Revolution?
What are cool names for fictional spacecraft that don’t exist already?
Shouldn't Flash run forward in time (instead of back) due to relativistic effects?
What science fiction story contains mind relocated into another body?
Why is mystery fiction better than science fiction?
What are your top 5 favorite fictional characters?
What do you think about abuse fiction becoming an increasingly popular genre?
Who are some of the weak female characters in fantasy fiction?
What are the last 3 fiction books you read and how do they benefit your creative or business writing?
Who is the strongest psychic character in fiction not counting reality warpers?
Is the Idea of India a fiction?
Who should I cosplay as?
How do religious communities differentiate between religious literature and historical fiction literature?
What are the best & easiest courses after 12th commerce? I don't like science. I like to read fiction, draw, and surf the Internet.
I want to read some books based on genre that contains historical and futuristic fiction/fantasy both. What are some suggestions (English)?
What is a good name for a fictional viking themed country?
Can nonfiction ever be as great as fiction?
What are the best selling books by Indian authors in 2015 and 2016?
What fictional characters portray real and possible genius?
What fictional character do you wish you could meet?
How do I publish an anthology of flash fiction, probably as a 150 paged book?
What role do detectives play in detective fiction stories?
Who is the most inspirational character in the Harry Potter series, and why?
Which fiction books are recommended that have the main character training mentally and physically?
How should I go about writing a 15 year old character who's been sheltered from evil and isolated from people their entire life?
Can you think of a good character to put in a fictional book?
How realistic is Sam Fisher?
Is there any good speculative fiction about a society of telepaths/empaths?
Can you actually post fiction in the fiction section of Q?
How much is fiction in 2 States?
What does science fiction include?
Are people often inspired by fictional characters?
What are some extremely supernatural powerful entity in fiction?
How many books per year do regular fiction writers write to be able to survive?
What is a perfect place to launch a virus (real or fictional) in the air?
Is it a common universal theme that writers have a love/hate relationship with drinking alcohol, regardless of the era or time?
Is there any magazine in India which publishes science fiction stories written in English?
Is there anything in science fiction that will likely become science fact in the next few years?
Have you seen your life in tatters? How will you react?
What are some examples of neuroscience-based science fiction?
What would our world be like, if as soon as someone dies, they instantly go antigravity?
What are some defense satellites in work of fictions?
If you were to name your child after a fictional character, which character would you choose?
Which film has the greater cultural value: Scream or The Godfather?
Why do some fictional characters shout out the name of their attack before they use it?
Who is the snarkiest character in fiction?
I'm applying to an undergrad creative writing program. I’m to include 3 pieces of fiction under 30 pages. What kind of pieces would you suggest?
Which fictional book character can you relate to the most?
How much of the Bible needs to be fiction for Christianity to be false?
What are the best fiction, fantasy, romance novels?
In what ways does the real 'Wild West' differ from the fiction?
Which Game of Thrones character has the best chance to survive the series?
How much can you forgo in a time lapse?
What would common behavior of a victim of child abuse be shortly after being pulled away from the lifestyle?
Which is a better course to pick, fiction writing or memoir writing?
How likely is it to get sued for writing fan fiction?
Were you influenced into your current profession by a fictional character?
Is Quora becoming a fiction writing contest?
How much time does it take to write a (i) non-fiction book (ii) fiction book?
How does penetrative sex feel for a man (sensations and emotions)? I write erotic fiction and want my characters’ viewpoints to be authentic.
What benefits do readers have over non readers?
What are some really great new non-fiction books that I should read?
If you could choose to have dinner with five people (real or fictional) who would you invite, and why?
Are aliens burned out as a science fiction concept?
What makes a piece of fiction horror?
What do you believe are the most important components of a compelling character?
What are good names for characters in a Twilight fan fiction?
What are some of the things that appears to be a science fiction, but are actually true?
What is the best fiction book you've ever read? Did it change your life in any way?
Why are chosen ones and prophecies common in fiction?
How do you breed dragons?
If there was a fictional leader of purgatory, who or what would it be?
What are some good popular science or science fiction books that deal with bioinformatics topics?
What is your opinion on reading present tense fiction?
Which show started the "he/she's an impostor" plot with everyone trying to figure out who is real and who is a fake?
In Walk Two Moons is Sal's mother dead?
How does science fiction explore and complicate what it means to be human?
What are the elements of fiction?
What should I avoid doing in my science fiction novel?
How do I really start a career in fiction writing?
Which is the best science fiction novel under 200 rs?
How has film noir influenced written fiction and vice versa?
Which are the best fiction books?(English, obviously.)
Which is the best fan fiction that you have read so far?
What are some magical doors in works of fiction, books, movies, televisions shows, etc.?
Does crime fiction actually aid in one's growth?
What is the best matchup fight between any two fictional characters?
Can I write both fiction and non-fiction and still be relevant? If you do one, does it create an image that excludes the other?
Why don't fictional secret organizations give themselves silly names?
When is it ever a good idea to make a villain become a good guy?
Which is Dr. Richard Muller's favourite fiction novel?
Why is Hollywood obsessed with science fiction?
What will happen if Baahubali meets Sherlock?
Why is magic dismissed as impossible by science?
What are some well-known fictional secret agents from cultures around the world?
Can there be legal consequences for depicting a fictional version of a real, living person being tortured in a satirical novel?
Who would win in a battle between Jason Voorhees and a Xenomorph?
Is there any fictional book in which the main character is an atheist and remains an atheist at the end?
What are the most interesting science fiction tropes employed in Westworld?
How is reading books helpful, and which book should I read first about fiction?
Where did the concept of a giant turtle with an island on its back come from?
Are there any retellings of Beauty and the Beast (movies, books, etc) in which the Beast doesn't turn back into a human?
What is the best example (in your opinion) of a completely walkable city? Real cities, theories or fiction apply here.
What is Parallel paradox, which we use to heard in Science Fictions?
What proportion of science-fiction/fantasy writers earn enough money from writing to survive strictly from their writing and have a family?
I am working on a fiction and hence I need to know what information about soldiers are kept confidential?
Does reading fiction books change the way you see reality?
What are some of the best serious fiction books?
Is it bad to use/overuse "it" and "its" in fiction?
What is one quote from any work of fiction that you would love to say to someone and why?
Can we use Songs, movie dialogues and Celebrity name in a fiction novel?
Do animals have fiction or imaginations?
What are the best scenes from Laurie Halse Anderson's Wintergirls?
Which is the best Indian publisher for literary fiction?
How do I read fiction books and learn programming simultaneously?
What is that one thing that you imagine and is fictional, but if it became real, it would change your world?
Should writers of literary works of fiction be required to undergo a credentialing procedure analogous to that of physicists and physicians?
Who are some authors like Michael Crichton, who writes fiction but also teaches the reader (i.e., Sphere, Andromeda Strain, and Lost World)?
What are some high quality fiction books? I am a big fan of Dan Brown and lately I am reading books that I feel are not worth completing.
What are the best influential fiction novels one must read?
What is the best guide to publishing fiction?
Is it possible to disguise murder, or is that only possible in fiction?
Is the recent revival of interest in books like "The Handmaid's Tale" a sign of interest in literature or a concern about the future of the U.S.A.?
How can the internet/WWW user differentiate between truth and fiction, with so much misinformation presented as fact?
What are some uncommon villain motives?
What science fiction writer do you recommend?
Are dream journals redundant for a fiction writer, or do they provide a good source of creativity and (potentially) depth to an idea?
Is it unhealthy to love a fictional character too much?
What books are fiction and also educate Architecture, Planning, real life events?
What are some good novels on Obsession?
What are the elements of a great villain or "bad guy"?
Mark has 312 books in his bookcases. He has 11 times as many fiction books as nonfiction books. How many fiction books does Mark have?
Who is the worst villain in fiction that you would have a coffee with?
Do you agree that fiction affects you?
Is Lisbeth Salander a lesbian?
What if the leader of Brazil (and the rest of South America) was a villain out of the James Bond books?
What is your favorite fictional celestial body?
In TV dramas, the police always confront the criminal from the front and they escape out the back way. Is this just fiction, or is it true in real life as well?
What is the meaning of fictional portrayal?
How can I improve my science fiction newsletter? [Dutch] Www.getrevue.co/profile/Kardashev
In my early fan fiction, I used to have my main heroine be captured quite a bit by the person she loved. Why did I do that so much?
Why does science fiction give such low troop numbers?
What are the things an editor typically does for an author of fiction?
Physics: when Flash (superhero) is moving towards us, shouldn't his suit appear blue instead of red?
How deep can fictional characters influence our acts?
Where does "Twas a dark and stormy night" come from?
What's your idea to turn our world into one like a game?
What is your favourite depiction of behavioural economics concepts in fiction?
How many years off is WWIII (theoretically)?
If you had to write a fictional story, using at least 10 popular Quorans as characters, how would it go?
With tropes like The Chosen One and Love Solves All Problems, is young adult fiction becoming too unrealistic and too anti-intellectualist these days?
How is a literary genre modified?
Why do the Yautja hunt humans?
How would a orbital platform in science fiction be infiltrated?
What’s a small little fictional story about getting diagnosed with an unknown disease? I won’t copy it and write it down; I just need ideas.
Is the fandom for the musical Hamilton creepy for treating historical figures like fictional characters?
What kinds of things would an evil step-mother do in a fairy tale?
Can you explain the plot of the All Good Things movie?
Are fictional characters allowed to make out in a TV-Y7 show?
What would a fictional war look like between Mankind and vampires?
What is the meaning of “enchanting fictional territory” in Bengali?
Is it normal that I can't relate to any fictional characters from books or movies?
How true or false is the new book by Richard Muller "Now -- The Physics of Time"?
Is science in fiction science?
What if I make up a fictional story to use on a crowdfunding site? Am I legally prosecutable?
What fictional books would you recommend that are set during the Great Depression?
Which science fiction universes represents slavery as one of its main themes?
Is it scientifically possible to one day wake up and all forms of communication are down including the Internet and planes can't fly?
What do people mean by "high-concept" whatever (like "high-concept science fiction", or "high-concept thriller"?
What is a good young adult novel like "The Perks of Being a Wallflower"?
What word matches with "poisonous infection" and "mind-reading" the same way as the other matches given?
Do you know of an example of literary fan fiction which is as good as or even better than the original author’s work?
What was your reaction to Atlas Shrugged and why?
What are the best books on art of negotiation in literary fiction?
Are the so called 'serious' literary fictions intellectually void?
How do you effectively describe a concussion in a work of fiction if you've never had one before?
Are there books with plots in which the protagonist is going against perfection?
Why do I get weirdly attached to fictional characters who look like me?
What are the NGOs in Kolkata that accept fiction book donations?
What are your favorite science-fiction novels of the last 20 years?
If you were to create a fictional explanation for the origin of any number, what might it be?
What is the snowflake method of writing fiction?
What are new elements in Fantasy Fiction that people are looking for but not have seen yet, as in not seen in books or movies?
On the Internet there is a fan fiction "drarry", is it fact or just fiction? If it is fact, is there any proof?
How do I become a professional fiction writer?
What fictional warrior could rival a Space Marine?
I have a story about an assassin who confronts and kills both her parents who abandoned her, what dialogue should I use for the confrontation?
Is a hoax or fake news fiction?
Homeopathic medicine is fiction. Why do so many people still recommend it?
How, in your opinion, can sensuality and intimacy be conveyed better in fiction (books, movies, TV)?
How do I write believable major corporations that have strong power over society?
What is the name of the protagonist’s galaxy in ‘Sin Noticias de Gurb’ (No Word From Gurb) by Eduardo Mendoza?
Is the website "Wikia" a great place for fictional writing?
What are examples of fictional schemes or accounts that have then occurred in real life?
What are some book recommendations for an avid reader?
Which are good courses/classes for foreign fiction writers to learn to write in English?
Is it arrogant when a fictional character in a book is described as being the best writer in the world and the author quotes the character's work?
Is fictional and hypothetical scenario interchangeable?
What are the best thriller books in fiction and science fiction genre?
In the 'Stranger Than Fiction' movie, why does the main character have to be killed in the end?
What is the best vampire fiction with a female vampire?
I have started a fiction blog. How can I get my stories reviewed?
What are some tips for beginning imaginative fiction writers?
There was a place called Mahismati in ancient India. Is the story in Bahubali a fiction, or a fiction created around some real incident?
Where in Lucknow can I buy new/used fiction novels at cheap prices?
Which series of fiction books can be the beginning point for a newbie reader of fiction?
Will a fictional book on startup and its precarious journey work?
Do you know the fictional character Blair Waldorf from the famous TV series ?
If you could build a 5 person zombie survival team using any fictional or real characters, who would you choose?
Are there any libraries in Hyderabad that have a good collection of fiction and non-fiction for a 9-year-old near Yosufguda?
Why negative numbers were considered real despite being only mirror image of those defined as real positive numbers, where any mirror image is unreal?
So, SF, sci-fi, science fiction or speculative fiction? And does it really matter.
Can you write about somewhere you've never been for a fiction book? If so, how?
Could you plug a fictional characters stats in a probability algorithm and why or why not?
What are some early fictional examples of aliens visiting or living on earth for non-invasion-related purposes?
In fiction why don't immortal people age?
What is your favorite play written by Ibsen?
In "The Accountant,” could we say the English woman over the phone could be a real character?
Can an author of fiction use trademarked sports team names?
What is the best encyclopedia of fantasy and science fiction literature?
What similarities are there between Westworld (fictional world) and Google (in real life)?
What are some good detective/mystery books featuring a locked room mystery that have come out in the last five years?
What is your favorite Force move?
Is Johann Conrad Dippel The real inspiration for Frankenstein?
Who is your least favourite fictional character?
What are some examples of science fiction in the past becoming science fact today?
Who thinks the stories on Quora are mostly fiction?
Which fictional character would you most not get on with?
What author has written the most words?
What is a fiction novel with something to say about wisdom?
How can I publish my fiction novel?
If you could assemble a team of 5 fictional warriors, who would you choose?
Under which circumstances do fictions become accepted as reality?
What are some accurate depictions of linguistic fieldwork in fiction?
How do I overcome my fear of writing fiction books? I'm afraid of my old bullies coming back to haunt me, and of general judgment.
Which writers would you nominate for induction into a pantheon of genre fiction?
What are similarities in writing a poem and a fiction?
What are the standard procedures/precautions taken by characters in conspiracy fiction when meeting secretly/discreetly?
What are the characteristics of a fiction book?
Do you have to ask an author's permission if you mention their novel within your own fiction? What if they are deceased?
What are the best indian science fiction novels?
Can you truly love a fictional character?
Why aren't there more novels written in Sophie's World style framing?
Should I read multiple books at the time or only one at the time? (Non fiction books!)?
Is R K Narayan's Malgudi considered "fantasy fiction"?
What is the finest army in the Galaxy according to different works of fiction?
When was the first time you were published in a fiction magazine?
Who are some good book authors on fiction, thrillers or fantasy?
Are there any enjoyable fiction books that will help you improve your grammar?
In most fictional media, when a black supporting character is in a position of power, how come they are depicted as incompetent or corrupt?
What are some fictional characters nom de guerre?
If you had to live in any authoritarian society (real or fictional) which would you live in?
What major lead characters in fiction are portrayed as physically unattractive, or average-looking?
Which TV series are similar to The Twilight Zone?
Can you write a story about a girl with a bad vocabulary?
What is the fiction book you would read again if you are out of books?
How can I create a fictional universe?
IS the recession in Nigeria fact or fiction?
What do you think of the Batman/Wonder woman pairing and its hints in the Justice League animated series as well as the comic universe?
What is the hidden meaning behind "Poison" by Dahl?
What would be the most powerful fictional character to be written in existence?
Is constitutionalism real or a fiction?
Is there any Government financial support for starting a khadi unite?
What if Ben 10 is not just science fiction?
Is there future prose besides Science Fiction and Fantasy?
What fictional things, creatures and people should be real?
Why do some people dislike the Indian writer Chetan Bhagat?
Have you read science fiction mythology books like Shiva trilogy and do you think there should be more books like that?
Which author (fiction) do you think gets you the most and why?
Will anyone ever become a proper fiction writer if they don't load their characters with curses?
In this era of alternative facts, how do you personally differentiate between fact and fiction?
Why does crime fiction always come in a series?
What is your review of The Fault In Our Stars (2012 book)?
What fictional world has the most unique looking creatures?
Who are the best science communicators in the world?
Would you be interested in an esoteric fiction book set in Atlantis? And why?
What are the best science fiction books for children?
Even though it is said by GRRM that the world of ASOIAF is bigger than ours, why does it feel that it is the opposite?
From a science fiction standpoint, how could I create a human with eagle abilities in the lab? What could the accident/incident be?
What would a modern-day Modern Times be about?
What book or movie describes the difficulty of destroying an inbound nuclear warhead (past boost phase) due to something akin to "cavitation"?
What are fictional secret societies?
What are some American fiction novels about sorcery and swords, but focuses mainly on one protagonist?
Is it possible to hate literary fiction but love literature?
What are the different earths in the DCU map of the multiverse?
Can an author of fiction be sued for libel, despite the "all persons fictitious" disclaimer in the book?
I'm looking for a great fictional book, that will teach me something new and interesting. Can you recommend me some?
Is there any fiction written in chronological style?
What fictional character or creature is labelled as “true neutral” in the middle of this moral alignment chart?
Which author created the biggest number of fictional characters?
Is it better or easier to write about fictional characters that are different than you?
How do you make a detective case for a mystery fiction? What are the steps to do so?
What fictional places have governing assembly?
What is your favourite fictional vehicle?
What's the perfect resume to be the lead of a fiction series?
Can we add self made plants, animals and other things to our fantasy novel?
What are some of the best quotes in fiction ever?
What are some mindbending books to read about philosophy or science fiction?
Are there any sex scenes in The Wheel of Time series?
What are some good thought-provoking books to read like Fahrenheit 451, A Song of Ice and Fire, and The Catcher in the Rye?
Why is WWII more focused on in both fiction and nonfiction historical novels than WWI?
Why do people like science fiction?
Who is the most cruel fictional character?
How do i become fiction/nonfiction book writer?
How did being named after a fictional character affect your life?
What other books are there like Da Vinci Code or Inferno, that are fictional stories based on real historical events - by authors other than Dan Brown?
Which are some fictional characters that actually resemble any person in the world?
Why are nerds strong believers of fiction?
What are some examples of unusual or counter-intuitive, fictional deities/pantheons?
What advice would you give to someone who wants to write his first fiction?
What stories prove that "truth is stranger than fiction"?
Who is one woman in history or fiction that you would converse with for an hour and why? What would you talk about?
Science fiction is sometimes divided into "hard" and "soft" science fiction. What do they actually mean?
What can I offer the demon Abbadon (destroyer, King of Demons) in a deal?
What are some common character types in thriller fiction novels?
What are some good personifications of fear in fiction? Like Phobos from Greek mythology.
Does Oldtown and the Citadel have a working theory on Mendelian genetics and inheritance?
How do I find and commission a fiction writer?
Based on your personality, what fictional character would you get along with the most?
Do you know any liberal fiction writers?
Who would win in a Game of Thrones battle? Robert Baratheon or Arya Stark?
Is writing fiction from a news article be a "derivative work" under copyright?
What is the best relationship you've ever had with a fictional woman?
Who do you think is the best Stone's player in the Wheel of Time?
Do you know what urban Muslim fiction is and why it is important?
What is the best most well written villain origin/back story?
What are some good, non romanticized portrayals of eating disorders in fiction?
What characteristics define narrative fiction?
What are the best fiction novels of 2015?
Have you ever wonder what heroes do in their spare time?
What is the last fiction book or film you'd want turned into an opera?
For the sake of science fiction, how would it be possible in our system for someone to be immortal and go unnoticed?
Writing Fiction: Is there any kind of society or 'imagined society' that has people given rations based on a social level?
The Dark Knight/Batman Trilogy (movie series): Who is a more terrifying villain: Nolan's Bane or the Joker?
How should one write angels in Christian fiction?
What are some cool philosophical fiction books?
As an amateur fiction writer, I struggle to create a proper beginning for my stories. Do you have any advice for me?
Can a story that is very metaphorical but doesn't use animals still be called an allegory?
Do electro nets existed in real life like they do in works of fiction?
What are the conventional academic historical boundaries to separate Contemporary Fiction from Classical Fiction?
Who is the most mysterious character in all of literature?
What are some ways to make a great goofy main character in fiction?
When is it acceptable to include a real person in a work of fiction, and when I should substitute a fictional character based on them?
How do fictional and non fictional characters compare and contrast?
If you wanna write a fan fiction of your favorite Chinese novel, what elements will you add into your work?
Do we have people named Sam Fisher in the real world and fictional works besides Splinter Cell series?
What is a good title for a fictional novel that has something to do with piano and a girl?
If you have talent for writing, what are the steps you can take to become a really great fictional writer?
Would you read a dark science fiction novel based in India?
What is your favorite moment/scene in a fantasy book, based on how it made you feel?
What are 2 non fiction pieces in a similar style, by the same author, but about different subjects?
Do you mentally create fictional countries in great details?
How can I see to it that my fiction works reach far and wide?
How do vampire hunters use the sun as their ally and main weapon?
Is it wrong to be in love with a fictional character that is impossible in reality?
What does the Russian people think about being portrayed as the bad guys in most of American fiction?
What should I do to become great fiction writer independent of the genre?
What order of monks would be a good choice for a fictional tale of monks who fight the supernatural?
Is Malcolm Gladwell the greatest fiction (not a typo) writer of all time?
How do writers write about real places (not fictional cities or world) and cultures they don't have first hand experience of?
If you were to write a fictional story of our country in the Philippines, what would it be and why?
Which science fiction stories have directly presaged actual inventions?
What is some good historical fiction to read about Istanbul?
Do you still benefit mentally from reading non-fiction as opposed to fiction books in your vocabulary?
Which one is better when writing fiction, "I'm” or “I am"?
Why do so many fiction writers choose either magic or modern technology in their worlds? Why do people see it as oil and water?
Can anybody tell me some fiction novels?
What are some of the challenges of writing about and portraying mental illness in fiction?
Can someone help me come up with a title for my fan fiction?
Is David Icke a truth seeker, a disinformation agent/artist or a science fiction writer?
Can you name some interesting and the best fictional and non fictional novels?
How do you create a dynamic world in your fiction writing?
Who are some people who were dubbed as the "most beautiful in the world" beside Hedy Lamarr?
Which two fictional characters would you want to see face off on screen?
Is there a media thesaurus out there? Something that tracks themes, storylines, subject matter and genre across ALL mediums?
Why is the Chosen One trope so common in Young Adult Fiction? What does it say about teenage psychology?
Why do you find it necessary to put fiction on this site?
What would be the ship name of Jack Reacher and Bob Lee Swagger?
What is your biggest pet peeves writers do in fiction?
What is apocalyptic about "The Handmaid's Tale's" society?
Which magazines accept unsolicited fiction submissions?
What are good fiction books to start with?
Which authors are most well known for creating in-depth fictional worlds?
Is a science fiction force field possible given our current scientific knowledge?
Have you ever written fiction, then found something you made up to be true?
Which fictional world would you be the most terrified to wake up in, and why?
Was Radha a fictional character?
Is the God of Ebrahim the most unpleasant character in all fiction?
I am looking beta readers who is interested in Beta reading for 90k words fictional novel?
What are some disturbing examples of "romances" in literature and movies?
How can governments and other sciences help mathematicians receive better treatments than in the past?
Which Harry Potter Ilvermorny and/or Hogwarts house would Obama be sorted into?
Are there any sympathetic narcissistic fictional characters?
How many lifespans of training and fighting have the Yautja been doing?
What will you do if you were on a cruise ship and the purge started?
What would doctors do in a world without diseases, accidents or natural calamities?
Is Agent Smith the greatest science fiction villain of all time?
Have you ever been the inspiration for a fictional character?
Who is the most powerful artificial intelligence character in fiction?
What should I research when writing a realistic fiction book about a lawyer in a massive, controversial murder trial?
Where can I get a list of all of the fictional characters based in India? How?
How can you add dark atmosphere to a fictional story?
Could our universe be fictional?
Do 'corporate troubleshooters' like Katla from the Amsterdam Assassin Series really exist?
What type of passion is required for clearing CA final?
Is there hope for quality gay fiction and if it's out there where can it be found?
What are the best books on how to write fiction?
Which is the most interesting book (fiction)?
Are there any science fiction novels about terraforming of Earth?
Have you ever read Twitter Fiction?
Can you make a story using following words Man, women, Elephant, super power, Ice, Fire, Time?
What are some examples of themes and topics in that are not discussed in literary fiction but should be?
I had an idea for a story. I thought of a historical fiction/fantasy type story. Is there any events in history that you would recommend me using?
Do I need to write a "Bible" for a fictional religion?
What are some pointers and tips for writing convincing, authentic bipolar characters in fiction?
What if alternate universes are created from fictional stories we make?
What if the fictional character Slender Man existed?
Why does one need to read a fiction book?
What historical fiction book involves George Washington being executed for trying to raise taxes?
What are your top 5 strongest Universes in fiction?
What are the top five best romance novels you've ever read? (Or more than five)?
Is there an encyclopedia that covers fiction writers that tells you about their writing style and how they contributed to the literature?
What is the largest fictional empire ever created?
In different works of fiction do vampires keep their intelligence and/or does it increase?
What are some good examples of real life and fictional conflict to learn from for good storytelling?
If the world of 1984 were real, what are the chances of it ever becoming ''normal'' again?
Is it illegal to make a wanted poster of a fictional person?
Can I use the name of a fictional book character as my modelling name?
Which science fiction movie is the most accurate in terms of science, and which is not?
What is the darkest piece of fiction ever created?
How hard is it to publish a fiction book in a traditional way for a first time writer as of today?
A supernatural portal opens up and gives you the once in a life time chance to join any fictional universe. There's no turning back. Do you do it?
Are there European writer's workshops focused on Science Fiction and Fantasy?
How do you become a decent fiction writer?
What are you tired of in the modern fantasy genre?
What are some summoning's that can be reversed in works of fiction and books?
What are the best fiction/sci-fy books about Space?
Why do extraterrestrial and fantasy races in fiction tend to have considerably longer lifetimes than humans do?
Do you know a fictional languages written in circles like a mandala?
What is the best simple but comprehensive Pen and Paper system for a science fiction scenario?
How do I write a beautiful fiction story?
What are the best nonfiction and fiction books of 2016?
If you could have any fictional spaceship, along with its whole crew, which ship would you want?
What is the best way to deal with jungle-based guerrillas?
Why are the Crypts of Winterfell so important in Game of Thrones?
Who is your favourite fiction writer? Why?
Which films depicting fictional, nonviolent events, are the most difficult to watch?
What are some flash fiction ideas?
What is the best way to find Christian fiction readers?
What are some good fiction books/book series about angels?
Are there novels that talked about people that lived forever?
How do you feel about authors rating their own books on Goodreads & thereby bringing their rating up?
Which is the best library in Delhi for reading fiction novels?
What are some good Harry and Ginny Soul Bond fan fiction stories?
What are some fictional books like 1984?
What in your opinion are some of the most overrated horror/fantasy/science fiction novels of all time?
Are there any major characters in fiction who struggle coping with psychopathic tendencies?
What are some supernatural fiction books that have widespread critical acclaim?
Are warp drives science fiction or future reality?
What are some good fiction books that explore the emotions of separation, loneliness and longing?
How do I read fiction deeply and really enjoy it?
Why is there no fiction on humans visiting the aliens?
Is there any automated fiction story plot designing software?
Are there fictional characters who just enjoy life and avoid commitments?
Is this order of reading A Feast for Crows and A Dance with Dragons recommended? http://boiledleather.com/post/25902554148/a-new-readerfriendly-combined-reading-order-for-a?
Any rationalfic where hero is normal, fighting superpowered enemies using his/her own intellect, a-la The Metropolitan Man?
Does something like a mesh armor really exist, or is it fiction?
How is fiction/poetry necessary?
How does a fiction writer prepare for a long and productive writing session?
When you are writing fiction, how much plotting do you do before you start?
What would happen if Dumbledore was straight?
How can a 11 year old have the emotional maturity to write a fiction novel, lets say with 300 pages?
If you could go into any fictional world, which would you choose?
What is the most depressing story (excluding love/breakups) real/fiction?
At what extent does old science fiction books or movies predicted current technology?
Why do I have a crush on a fictional character from a live-action show?
What are your favorite books from the 21th century written by women?
Why am I dreaming about this fictional character?
Which is the most popular Chinese fiction in English readers?
Is Aristotle a fictional or real person?
Is the word "Speedster" copyrighted, or can anybody use it in a work of fiction?
What is some fiction/literature that appeals to those prone to schadenfreude?
Why did the FNAF creator make it look like Sister Location stole the ideas for Funtime Freddy and Funtime Foxy from Freddy Fazbear's Pizza?
What tools and resources can be recommended to make a fictional culture?
Is crushing on a fictional character silly if you're looking to be in a real relationship one day? Or is it good to know what to look for in someone?
Who are the best stylists in 20th century American fiction?
What are the qualities required for a spy thriller or fiction thriller writer?
Where would I best find a consultant on the Galileo mission to Jupiter if I needed one for a (semi-fictional) novel?
Where do you find the inspiration or motivation to write your fiction novels?
Why a dream sequence in fiction novels is considered a risk?
Is space colonisation something seriously considered by scientists, or is it just fiction?
How do I work more goals and payoffs into my paranormal fantasy novel?
In literature, what is a fictional narrative?
What would happen if Tyrion Lannister met Barney Stinson?
Are there good creative outlets for fantasy world building if you’re not interested in narrative fiction?
How can I stop being extremely sorry for fictional characters?
If a book is deemed "semi-autobiographical", is it considered a book of fiction?
If I want to read books to improve myself and grow, should I read fiction?
Who believes that Mahabharata didn't happen? And its just an art of fiction?
What are the most mind blowing science-fiction short stories?
Are we all characters in a piece of fiction?
Has a fictional series ever had to change its plot because a fan theory correctly predicted what was going to happen?
Although fictional, Quelcrist Falconer sounds fairly cool to me. What do you think?
I’m planning to set up a story in America even though I haven't visited there. How can I research about the localities?
What consequences of common science fiction elements are rarely explored?
Which fiction books by women writers should one read before they die and why?
Why is it easy for some people to follow the plot of a film or a fiction but hard for others? Is it innate or are you able to practise the ability?
What is a fictional work that is genuinely good but has a terrible fan base?
Where can I submit my flash fiction and get paid?
Why do people find fact more appealing than fiction?
Can I have some fiction book recommendations which does not involve romance and horror elements?
Are there any literary characters of note who were polar opposites in personality, etc, from the author who created them?
What are some good non-fiction books about ancient Rome?
What are some realistic fiction story ideas for starters?
How would you design your own fictional vampires?
Who was the fiction writer who wrote short stories inspired by math, including one about a mathematician who found a contradiction in arithmetic?
Have you come across a novel of fictional US government cover-up/conspiracy published in around 1940s?
What is the best writing references online for epic fantasy writing and historical fiction? Which blogs/websites/social media is good?
Who is the best author of historical non-fiction?
I want to write fiction but have no ideas. What should I do?
Am I legally allowed to create a fictional character with the same powerset as Superman, but with a completely different status quo? Why/why not?
What was science fiction called before the term "science fiction" was coined in 1929?
What are the best books to read? Fiction or non-fiction.
What are the most unlikely friendships in fiction?
Are all the answers / stories written on Quora true or some are just made up by some people with their exceptional writing skills?
If you had to name the single book that influenced your life, which book it would be?
Is fantasy corrupting the honor of science fiction literature?
What are the best English fiction books of 2016?
What are some of the key themes explored in social science fiction works?
Which small publishers specialize in literary fiction?
If you could save any fictional character, whom would you save?
Were Romeo and Juliet wrong to disobey their families by continuing to see one another and did they get what they deserved in the end?
Are fantastic and speculative fiction the same?
Is it ok to be emotionally numb but still be triggered by reading about fictional characters?
Is 4000 words for the first chapter of a fictional novel too long?
What are the strongest fictional characters?
I am planning to write a fantasy fiction novel. What do beginners like me should know?
When writing a fictional book/story on football, can I use names of actual clubs/players?
How do I make reading a daily habit? What are some good books to get me started?
Am I the only one who doesn’t cry when there is a really dramatic death in a piece of fiction?
Is Asgardi country real or just science fiction?
What are the best literary fiction books you've come across?
Is it possible to play Go while blind, like Bram in the Amsterdam Assassin Series?
What would be better titles for each ASOIAF book?
Are there any science fiction books written like a diary or a journal?
How do Science Fiction writers who write in the future get through future technology and the reader's potential inability to relate?
What is the best of Godfather fan fiction?
Under what circumstances, if ever, do science fiction writers accept semi-developed plot lines from fans? Or is it simply seen as annoying?
What are good mystery fiction books to read?
Can you share a fictional idea for a flying beast?
If you could buy a one-way ticket to any fictitious world, which would you choose?
What are the biggest plot holes in what are otherwise solid works of fiction?
What are some good science fiction books on project Gutenberg?
Will fiction writers still be able to make a living off of writing in the next 10 years?
Is all fiction either historical or science fiction?
What are some good movies about emotional/psychological abuse?
What are some fictional genocide events that make real life genocide events a drop in the bucket?
If you could choose to make a fictional element or material real, what would it be and why?
What are some good completed fan fiction in which Naruto has a daughter?
I'm 13 and I would like to create a book. My friends give me plenty of ideas, but how should I go about making my own ideas for it?
Can you aid me in my search for a character look-alike?
Am I a vampire if I need blood?
What fictional work has come closest to having what you believe to be the most realistic portrayal of extraterrestrial life?
What was wrong mentally with Billy Loomis and Stu Macher? (Scream)
Can you write a one-page (normal notebook size) story? It can be a real, or created, fiction, adventure, horror, or love, or even sad, magic, etc., story.
Should I read non-fiction or fiction books to improve my logical thinking and speech formulation?
Are there any historical fictional novels about Asiatic Mongol's rule of Eastern Europe (Golden Horde)?
What fictional character has the scariest superpower?
What are the indications that makes "The Book Thief" a historical fiction?
What are some fiction books that are really good but not super addicting, so that it helps me sleep, but not making me want to stay up to finish it?
Why did CSI became so popular back then when it fact it is very fictional when compared to Criminal Minds and Bones?
What is the title of a novel about a "pesky bug" that is tied to the history of digital electronics and digital systems?
Which well known fictional character is amorous, extremely caring/ethical, has a wide social network, and helps their friends a lot?
I am writing a novel with a sidekick animal character. What are some animals that are not terribly common that I can use?
What are the most common tropes and cliches in science fiction novels?
What houses have aligned with Jon at the end of season 6?
What are some technologies that appear in non science fiction novels or movies that are currently not possible?
What scientific fact do you wish were fiction?
What is stopping us from achieving Interstellar Travel?
Is it wrong to have a crush on a fictional character?
If war and all of the world’s problems were fixed, would people still use them as topics for their books?
What are some examples of realistic transgender characters in fiction?
Are there any sympathetic psychopathic fictional characters?
What are the best realistic fiction books for children?
What are some great philosophical novels?
If you have the power to bring one fictional character to life, who would it be?
Why does Motor Boat stay in the abandoned house in "Their Eyes Were Watching God"?
If you found a way to communicate with a fictional character, how would you get them to convince others of their existence?
If one wants to repurpose trademarked characters for a different work of fiction, are there legal ways to do it without spending any money?
Who is the most absurdly powerful character in fiction?
What person, fictional or real, brings good luck to those around him?
What are some of the most beautiful literary descriptions of real places?
I am 14 and want to write a fiction novel and get it published. How can I do so?
What non-fiction books should a fan of true crime read?
If I were an ant size, would I be able to see things that are normally too small to see?
What is the sci-fi genre like in a sci-fi world?
What science fiction media realistically portray regenerative medicine?
Do you learn more from reading fiction or non fiction?
What are some alternatives to training montages in a novel?
Can you recommend any authors with a style reminiscent of John Steinbeck?
Who are some fictional polyamorous people?
Who is the most powerful person in all of fiction?
In science fiction, what exactly are "life signs" that people/ships will scan for?
How do you keep people from shipping a boy with his great great aunt without explicitly saying that they are related?
What's your favorite fictional sea monsters?
Can I write a fiction novel series about a kid who is a real life Jedi, that takes place on earth?
Not counting the Lord of the Rings books, which was the most influential work of fiction that you have ever read?
How do I get the most out of reading fiction?
What are some of the best fictional antichrist characters?
Why should a story set in another universe with "magic" but without mythological inspiration be still considered fantasy?
What are the odds of being able to make a comfortable living purely out of writing fiction?
What are some great story arcs that do not conform to 'the Hero's Journey'?
I can write good fiction novels. Is that enough to generate an income for me online?
What are some wildebeest in fiction?
Is it okay to name a character in your story after another fictional character?
What's going on with the character dynamics in this scenario?
Are there any female fiction movie characters that wears armor instead of a sexy outfit?
What are some good books for beginners who want to start reading?
What are ways to combat an inability to concentrate while writing fiction?
Where can I learn the science and the practical applications in order to write science fiction?
Which science fiction good story books are you reading these days in 2017?
What's a good idea for a fictional novel?
In Indonesia, will the upcoming Vandaria Saga Universe mark a rise in fantasy fiction genres in the local literature trend?
What percent of fiction protagonists have green eyes?
How does Game of Thrones end for Daenerys?
What is the best way to depict ASL in fiction writing?
What scene from Pulp Fiction comes to mind when reading Book 21 of the Odyssey?
What are some personality traits of people that read fiction?
Will flying cars ever be a common thing or will that forever remain a fantasy of science fiction?
What are things fiction writers do in they're stories that are irritating?
What are the Malayalam fiction books that one should read?
Should I go into screenwriting, or go into fictional storywriting instead?
What did actually happen when Percy took the lightning bolt to Zeus?
What're the steps followed to write a proper fiction?
If you could choose one fictional world to live in, which would it be?
Who is your favorite author in horror and strange fiction?
How do I “simply” dress up as a male fictional character but in a female kind of way?
Which fictional character from a book, do you most resemble?
How do I improve my dialogue in a fictional thriller that I am writing?
What have been the effects of reading fiction in your life?
Is there a more beloved character in all of science fiction than Spock?
If there was a team of villains from different fictional universes, what villains should be on it?
Can a forest be used as a weapon on a worldwide level? People speak of the danger of losing the Amazon rainforest. Can this be used as a weapon?
What have you learnt from fiction that you could not have learnt from real life soon enough?
Is Rani padmini a real historical character?
Is the science fiction community biased toward left-wing content? If so, why?
How would your life change if tomorrow you learned religion was fictional?
Which are some of the best science/science fiction books/movies on space and time for recreational reading?
Are there any other fictional characters who are similar to Bella Swan?
Is it always frowned upon to include backstory in the first chapter?
Historical or fictional, what are some interesting salutes, and where are they from?
How can I stop becoming attached to something too easily, especially fictional worlds and stories?
What fictional character would you like to have as a friend?
If a fictional tech was created in real life, would the creator of the tech have to pay royalties to the creator of the fiction?
What are some of the best English fictions you have read?
Would anyone be interested in being able to talk to a fictional character? What makes a fictional character so great?
How should I decide what some of my characters physically look like?
What are the most surreal, bizarre, and futuristic fiction movies you have ever watched?(science fiction, fantasy fiction, or horror fiction movies)
What are some good fiction books that engage mature teen readers about anything?
How do I get over the fact that science cant compete with science-fiction?
Among all realistic fictional characters, like Hannibal Lector and Sherlock Holmes, who is the smartest?
What kind of non-fiction content is popular amongst Indian kids aged 6-14?
What is a religion you made up?
How do you narrate late night chat in fiction?
Which fictional movie couple do you find inspiring for your own love life?
How can I stop comparing myself and others to fictional characters?
Why are they making fictional story for upcoming "Annabelle sequel"?
What is the most depraved, gruesome graphic historical novel you have ever read ?
Are fictional characters with insane methods loved more than other characters who are sane?
What is meant by a ‘fictional group’?
How can you start as a non-fiction writer? What is the perfect writing schedule?
If you had to choose one fictional character to have sex with, who would it be?
Is the Bible the bestselling fiction ever, or are there other fictions that have sold more copies?
If you could choose any fictional character as a parent who would it be and why?
What are some fictional characters who weakness is depleted uranium?
What is the truth and fiction in the Chola Incident?
Who would win in a fight between Wonder Woman and Thor?
Is this true? “Truth becomes fiction when the fiction's true; Real becomes not-real where the unreal's real.” from Dream of the Red Chamber
If you could join any group, union or faction in the world (fact/fiction) Who would it be and why?
How can one reach the alternate ending in the interactive fiction "The Act of Misdirection"?
How can the different types of fiction be described?
How do fiction authors find an idea which really has enough substance for a full book? How do they finish it within a few years (if applicable)?
Can you name some interesting books that help in improving our intelligence or some interesting fiction books to read through the holidays?
What should I start studying to become a science fiction writer?
Do you create fictional characters and worlds in your head? Tell me about them.
What is the worst mystery/crime novel you've ever read?
What is your favorite fictional movie character of all time? What about your favorite novel character?
What are some things I need to improve on this realistic fiction story?
What are differences in writing a poem and a fiction?
What do you consider a great rough draft for fiction?
What are some good fiction books about India?
Who is the slowest fictional character with super speed?
What are the rewards of writing and developing a fictional character you strongly disagree with ?
What are things that one must need to decide/think about before writing a (i) non-fiction (ii) fiction book?
What are the best selling fiction books for a boy, whose age is 14?
Can science fiction be the future of science?
What's the most detailed fictional world?
Were there any fiction or non-fiction books that predicted the internet?
What are some good tips for writing science fiction?
Who is the best A.I villain in fiction?
Is it weird that people made fake photos and historical newspaper articles about my fictional character?
I want to write a science fiction book with complex politics driving the main plot. How can I accomplish this in a convincing way?
Do you think it is better to read about a historical period in a fiction or a nonfiction book?
What literary devices make a fictional character interesting?
Is it advisable for an aspiring YA author to read YA fiction, even if it's not impressive?
Which fictional character would be the most boring to meet in real life?
Is landing a critical hit on someone in fighting a fictional thing or is it a real thing/term?
Which science fiction book offers the most intelligent path from present-day uncertainty to utopian-like future?
How should I represent a psychopathic character in a fiction?
In Kim Stanley Robinson's "Mars" trilogy, how long does it take to terraform the planet and how scientifically accurate is he?
What category do celebrity fan-fictions go under?
Is it possible to read fiction books while preparing for the UPSC exam?
What are some fictional and non-fictional stories that would keep children interested?
Are you fond of time travel?
If The Mountain gets killed in season 7 of Game of Thrones, who do you think will kill him and how will he be killed for good this time?
Do you know any conservative fiction writers?
What would Jesus Christ say to your favorite fictional character if He met him/her face to face?
What are some good fiction books on Indian politics?
What is it that makes possible for a real story be paired up with some fiction to make a novel out of it?
If you write a novel, which is stated to be fiction, can you (legally) say nasty things about real corporations?
Which author would you recommend to someone who likes to read political fiction?
What fictional character has the coolest plot armor?
What are some ships of unknown designs in works of fictions?
Are there any writers of good hard science fiction being published these days?
What are the best fictional books about a young man trying to figure out what he wants to do with his life?
If you could be a fictional character, who would you be?
Am I the only one peeved by the recent obsession with 'Broken but beautiful' female fictional characters?
What are some optimistic films about the future?
What is the worst super villain plot that you've ever heard of?
What are some examples of fiction books?
In fiction, and in reality, are there many female characters who would risk their lives to protect their men?
Why is it that in some fan fiction, writers despise Lois Lane’s being paired with Superman?
What are some underrated classic literary works?
How do I stop getting obsessed with fictional characters?
Would you read an Islamic fiction novel written by a young Muslim woman? If no, why not? If yes, what would your expectations be?
You have to choose 7 fictional human characters, to survive the zombie apocalypse, who do you choose?
Can you recommend any good science-fiction themed poetry?
Why do a lot of drawings of Rand al'Thor represent him shirtless?
If you have to take over the world with the help of three characters, fictional or real, who would you choose and why?
What do you guys feel about the fiction book "Secret Lover: Just for Month/Lifetime" by Author Suyash Dwivedi?
What should I do to understand novel characters?
How do you view the role of empathy (ethical or otherwise) in fiction/cinema? What are your favorite resources on this?
What are the famous fictional novels in the world that a new reader can read?
Why is there so much craze for fiction?
What types of books are better if I want to improve myself, fiction or non-fiction?
Have you ever felt that some fictional dystopias sound quite good, really?
What is the most beautiful dragon you've seen in fantasy?
Which colors suit on dark green?
What are different types of blog fiction or novel writers?
Which place on Earth is the closest to fantasy fiction of any kind – you name it! – in terms of living conditions, environment and society?
What book would you recommend if you could reach out to your thirteen-year-old self?
What is the appeal of hot jerks in fiction?
What is the meaning of the phrase “Shall God's fiction, which is a Man's reality, fall short of Man's fiction?”
If you had to choose between reading either fiction or non-fiction for the rest of your life, which one would you choose and why?
If you could bring anime characters to life, which anime characters would you want to bring to life, and which ones would you not want to bring to life?
Is it bad that I can relate to a lot of fictional psychopaths?
You are dead and can pick one fictional character to attempt resurrecting you in half an hour. Whom do you pick?
Which 10 fictions should I read in 2017?
What are some non-fictional books about science fiction that are worth reading?
What 10 fictional characters would you invite to dinner?
Are there any fictional worlds similiar to LOTR in that there is regressive technological growth?
Is it illegal for me to re-invent a car that is in a fiction movie if it is not real and has not actually been made in real life?
What are some unusual fictional characters or races from mythology or legends?
Which South Asian fiction writers, working in the English language, should be considered among today’s best prose stylists?
What would it mean if you were a part of a 6,000 year old mystic bloodline associated with ravens?
How is the science fiction shipyard created and infiltrated?
What are some fictional novels without any characters?
Can www.flixseek.com help us find free fictions?
What are some breathtaking philosophical fictions like The Bet by Anton.P. Checkov?
What are some of the books that changed your perspective the most?
What are some fictional characters which are quite scary?
What is this book title?
If I could wield fire, ice, and lightning, what could be the possible drawbacks of using these powers too much?
What is the best way to self publish science fiction novel?
What are some fictional works that have interdimensional history?
Is it possible to 'punch a hole in reality' the way science fiction talks about?
What are some YA fiction books you would recommend?
Should speculative fiction be treated seriously?
Are there any science fiction books which address a potential 5th dimension?
What would be a better name for another Voldemort for my fanfiction?
Do dragons know who is a Targaryen?
How would you and worldwide governments respond if tomorrow, 10 million exact copies of you were distributed around the world?
Do you read ebooks and fiction novels?
Who is the best contemporary African fiction author you have ever read?
What are the worst fictional boyfriends in TV and film?
Is it good to constantly read fiction novels?
What is fiction all about? Why are fiction books so interesting?
Do you write fiction?
What are the best reference works on American literature?
What are the pros and cons of the Percy Jackson series?
Why is it easier to read productivity and self-improve articles versus fantasy and fiction?
What fictional place would you most like to go to?
Where can I find a good and free fiction writing course?
How do I put my fictional characters/world/story on paper if I'm bad at writing?
What is your first ever short story?
Is there a movie adaptation based on "Middlemarch" (George Eliot novel)?
Religious children have trouble distinguishing reality from fiction. What are your thoughts on this statement/ study?
Is it good to read fiction online?
Does Science Fiction inspire you?
Is there a list of must-read fiction books suggested by five-hours-a-day reader Warren Buffett?
Which villain has the best theme?
Are all writers "mad"?
There is the Dynamic Duo, the Seven Samurai and Twelve Angry Men. Are there writing rules about how large a fictional team of people can or should be?
Which is the most diplomatic fictional character according to you?
Do men read erotic fiction or is this market entirely for women?
Do you like the following linked paragraph?
How do you understand Michael Kirkbride's C0DA?
What is the actual life of a smartphone?
What are the best Marathi science fiction books?
If you had 1 hour to kill and only the choice between reading a good fiction novel or watching a good TV show, which would you choose and why?
Are almost all works of fiction essentially ripped off from one-another?
As someone from a first world country, would you consider reading an African fiction book?
What if Superman was not a fictional character? Would he be godlike?
What is the best page/pages in American Gods?
What are some of the best fiction English novel?
What are some good historical fiction books on the likes of 1984?
How do you think of a start of a fiction?
How long do yautja live for?
What are some fiction cliches that you actually like?
What are the Popular fiction or paranormal novels?
Which fictional general would you prefer to serve under most?
Why do we have fictional thoughts?
How would an armored brigade or division fight against zombies?
What is the kind of novel I should write, fantasy/fiction or mythological fiction?
If Vader and Luke's light sabers had the same core would they only be able to wound one another and not kill each other?
Is it normal for men to read Girl on the Train and enjoy it?
What are your thoughts on the book, "Cinder," by Marissa Meyer?
How do I overcome jealousy over a fictional character?
How do you balance your fiction and nonfiction reading?
What comprehensive and accurate historical WWII British Intelligence novel or novels can I read?
Who are the heroes (real or fictional) of ancient Mexico?
What is the oldest recorded written fictional story?
Is it okay if I borrow some habits from the fictional character?
Is there a web site that compiles predictions about the future made in science fiction stories and novels?
What are some of the most popular Harry Potter fan fiction websites? Which of them have the largest community?
What are translations of 'The Phantom Tollbooth' like to read?
What fictional vehicles have the most practical or realistic cockpits?
What distinguishes a well-written female protagonist from a poorly-written one?
Who is David Brin's favorite science fiction writer?
How did reading books (fiction) change your life?
In this, the real non-fiction world, would Nolan's Batman be able to stay untraceable? Just drive through a waterfall and disappear without a trace?
Who are the best fiction writers in Malaysia?
Why does fiction bore me?
What used to be a science fiction but is now a real thing?
What are all the non-fictional books related to parapsychology, teleportation, ESP, and parallel universes?
What are some good beginner fraction fiction books (3rd grade)?
If aliens are invading India and the only way to save us is by uploading the worst Bollywood movie on their server. Which movie will you choose? Why?
What fictional books would you recommend for someone who has an identity crisis?
Would it be clarified in the books as to why Lyanna Mormont is ruling in the Bear Islands?
What are some examples of 'factions' in dystopian fiction?
What was the first work of fiction that pictured alien spacecrafts having the shape of saucers?
How do you feel about using the word 'as' when writing fictional novels?
What is the most grimdark fictional world ever?
Are there any stories that worked better in film than in print?
What can Jon do to prepare his army for the future wars with Cersei and the white walkers?
Is radical life extension science fiction or reality?
What are your thoughts on nostalgia?
Which book publishing website is better for science-fiction: Amazon or Lulu?
Why do people want explanations of fictional movies what they don't make any real sense?
Has anybody used the "Snowflake method" to design their fiction? What other methods do you suggest that are more practical and preferable?
Who is your favorite fictitious character and why?
What are some magic swords in fiction and myth?
What is it like to be abused, how can I write about it in a fiction book?
Are there any science-fiction stories about migrant workers in outer space?
How would the US military function in the event of a 2nd American Civil War?
Why do I feel possessed by a fictional character?
Do you read fan fiction? If so, what's your favourite and link it down below.
What are some recommendations for great dystopian fiction novels?
What are some combat cyborgs in work of fictions?
What is your favorite fictional religion?
What is the most fictional thing in the nature?
What are some fictional characters that possess the character of the perfect woman?
If 42 would be the answer to life, the universe and everything, what would be real the question?
If a literary work is based on a true story, will it be considered as fiction or non-fiction?
Why is fiction always more interesting than reality?
How can I stick with an idea for my novel?
Can I write a science fiction novella featuring invention that is already existing as a future development?
What are some things summoned by magic users to kill other magic users in fiction and books?
Why do people with Asperger syndrome tend to dislike fiction?
Where can I see James Altucher’s book recommendations split across his categories - quality fiction, nonfiction, games and thriller?
How can I flesh out my fiction writing?
If Mukesh Ambani is threatened by Dawood Ibrahim, how would he respond?
If literature aims to reveal the truth about society, is it really fiction?
If you could have the abilities, skills, and powers of any 3 fictional and non-fictional characters, who would you pick?
My birthday is coming up and so for a present I am gonna buy some books can you suggest really awesome fiction books which will be really memorable?
In science fiction, what are the differences between Arcologies and floating cities?
Do you agree with Bob Gottlieb, former editor of The New Yorker, that "there are no undiscovered geniuses toiling away in the hinterlands"?
What is the best HarryXHermione fan fiction you've read? I need some top quality recommendations, thanks?
What were some crazy engeniering plans from the past that seem science fiction?
Which is the best fictional book apart from LOTR, Harry Potter and Charlie and the Chocolate Factory?
Can you suggest me some good fiction books?
Who is the creepiest child character in fiction?
Who is your favorite fictional US president? Why?
What is it that makes a story good?
How do Authors of fiction writing make money?
Who are your favorite/favourite fictional character/s? Why?
How much creative license can be allowed in a historical film before it's considered fictional?
What are some ancient artifacts in books, movies, fiction, television shows, etc.?
Is it dangerous to write fantasy fiction in a language with small number of speakers?
Is the overdevelopment of a fictional world to be used as the setting for a book or short story a good or bad thing?
How do I write a psychological thriller for young adult's fiction?
Reminding myself that The Notebook is highly fictional, was there ever a love story as great as this? Do you have an historical example?
What is a good fictional book that will help me in business?
Are zombie outbreak stories still popular in fiction and movies?
Who is the strongest fictional character without superpowers?
For an agented *historical fiction* manuscript (debut), what word count would seem appropriate to an acquisitions editor?
What are some good books (fiction or nonfiction) that focus on ideas in cultural context?
What battle in ASOIAF previous to Aegon's Conquest would you want to read about in detail? Pick one from Essos and one from Westeros if you’d like.
Is there a science fiction writer writing a book set about the Trappist-1 star system?
What are the forgotten or underrated science fiction novels (or short story collections)?
Why is it so much harder to write a poem than creative fiction?
Has anybody recently read Stoner by John Williams? I have a question.
What fiction novels accurately portray law enforcement protocol?
What do Indian readers want in fiction?
Why do people find fictional villains so attractive?
What is the largest fictional movie battle?
Why did Marsellus Wallace have a Band-Aid on the back of his neck in Pulp Fiction?
How much do comic book artists (superheroes, realistic fiction, etc.) earn on a yearly average?
Would writing a book (fiction or fantasy) be a good idea for a teenager (under 18), as the media would promote it more?
Is it scientifically possible to inhibit movements like virtual reality hardware does in fictions and keep total consciousness so you can play?
Have you ever stumbled upon really deep-going and insightful literary analysis of the City Watch novels from Terry Pratchett’s Discworld series?
I wish to understand fiction writing. What good book or novel should I read to get an idea?
What is a fictional novel or movie set in a historical setting that is accurate, entertaining, informative and yet relatively easy to understand?
Which fictional universe is the most powerful?
What should I do when acting like fictional characters becomes an unbreakable habit?
What are some fiction and non-fiction books that can make me laugh?
How do I deal with falling in love with a fictional character?
What personality traits do you like best in story protagonists and why?
What are your favorite fan fiction AUs (alternate universe)?
Which kind of books stimulate the mind to think more, fiction or non-fiction?
How can I grow into a successful position as a bestselling teen/young adult fiction author?
What are some morphing weapons in work of fiction?
Is there any acid that can destroy hair follicles permanently?
What is the most beautiful sex chapter in world literature?
If you could pick one fictional vehicle to be your daily driver, what would it be?
What methods do you use to ensure you create deep, 3D characters?
Are you a curmudgeon?
Which are 10 greatest fiction books?
Mankind has made a lot of scary things in fiction. What are some things in fiction that, if real, would make the devil quiver in fear?
If you have to choose three fictional or real fighting groups to conquer the world, what would be your choices and why?
What can be another great story which might have taken place in middle earth?
Is Pixel a bad name, and, if so, what are some similar but better alternatives?
How do I write science fiction stories?
Are there any American fiction novels of any kind that have settings taking place not in the United States but rather else where?
How do I learn to write good fiction?
Would a murderer still be tried even if the murder was completely wiped from their memory?
Who is your favourite fictional character who inspires you?
Why do people write nonsense story of them which seems like fantasy?
Are there any morally good historical or fictional people with the name Alexander?
Who would win, Reaper (Librarian TV show) vs Anubis (Librarian TV show)?
How many books (fiction & non-fiction) about the JFK assassination have been written in the 53 years since that day in Dallas?
What is the one thing a novice science fiction writer should keep in mind when attempting a novel?
Are there any historical science fiction books?
Could anyone help me think of special abilities that can come from an important/major memory?
Which fictional character has great understanding?
What are the types of zombies that have been described in fiction?
Are there any resources you could suggest that can ensure accurate portrayal of the military?
How can you marry a fictional character?
Are less and less people reading fiction books for fun?
What are some great realistic fiction book recommendations?
If you were to represent each nation in the world with any one fictional character, how would you go about it?
What are some trick arrows in different works of fictions?
What philosophical science fiction and fantasy books should I read?
Is it ok to exclude 'had' in a quote of a character?
How accurate is prison break TV show and what are some fictional things that are in it?
We deem magic as fiction, yet there is still death and even if nothing awaits us after that there is still the outcome of it. Where is the line drawn?
What is the best way for an established, successful, published, nonfiction author to find an agent for fiction?
Is there any difference between the language density of fiction and non fiction books?
Which fictional AI is the most dangerous one?
Is it okay to write about religion fictionally?
Is fiction closer to reality than we usually think?
Is it good to write fiction in today's world?
What species is the most evil in both fiction and real life?
What are the types of heros/protagonists in a literary work?
Which are the best life-changing philosophical fiction books that have been undertalked?
What are some plausible cases where a boy might grow up in a Christian monastery (any era)?
In Gravity, what is S-K-Dah and what does it mean?
What are some cheesy, unrealistic sex scenes in fiction (books, TV, movies)?
Outside of Marvel Comics, is there any other fictional nation controlled by people with superpowers?
Why does having a major flaw make a fictional character so much more interesting?
What famous stories allude to other famous stories?
What are some good classic fiction novels?
What are the science fiction equivalents of early Sword and Sorcery stories like the "Conan" or "Lankhmar" books?
What are some lesser known masterpieces in fiction/non-fiction in a language other than English?
Is it ok to use real historic places in novel?
Which fiction book would you recommend someone to read?
If witches or any other superior supernatural creatures want something important from human, what would it be?
Who is the male equivalent of Helen of Troy?
I have an idea for a fan-made fiction. How do I approach the original authors with my idea? And should I?
Why do my eyes glaze over when I read that a work of fiction is "magical realism"?
Is there any value in reading non-literary fiction?
What science-fiction technology do you think would be worth becoming a reality?
What are some steps I could take to create a fictional modern day nation?
Can an undifferentiated writing style be good?
Who is the most iconic fictional character in your opinion?
What are some dumb things in the Wheel of Time series?
How can fiction sometimes help you to perceive and understand reality?
My wife reads gay fiction, should I be worried?
What are the best Indian English fiction novels for youth?
What are some tactical weapons for fast attack in the real world/life and works of fiction?
Which fiction books have had the greatest impact on the world?
What are some fictional technologies you would like to see become reality?
What would be a good title for a Harry Potter/Babysitters Club fan fiction?
Why do so many atheists, who dismiss the Bible as fairy tales, seem to like indulging in that kind of fantasy fiction anyway?
Who do I look for to read through my fictional story and re-style/re-make it into a decent novel like Harry Potter? My English isn't that good.
Where can I read flash fictions?
What would it be like if a person shrank to three inches tall?
What would be the biggest Fictional company?
Is science fiction going to be science reality?
What would life be like if we instantly spoke every thought we had?
If you could join 1 fictional organization, what would it be?
What are some nice fiction books?
How hard is it to break into the erotic fiction market? Can it be profitable?
How is the fact and fiction contrast important?
Is Captain America's shield the strongest in all of fiction?
If all actors were suddenly given all the powers/qualities of their career roles, who would be the toughest?
What are some recent must-read science fiction books?
What do you think about "The Truth" by Neil Strauss?
What are some of the best written fictional characters that are kids?
When writing historically-based fiction, how closely is it important to adhere to locational details?
Why do people attach so much rational to fiction and none to real rational situations?
What is the most faithful to reality novel you have ever read?
Who is the most tragic villain in fiction?
For the purposes of fiction, can you imagine a brilliant scientist carrying out an entire particle collider experiment alone, with no support team?
What are literature and fiction?
When will there be a site exactly like Quora, but where all the questions are story ideas, and all the answers are fiction?
Is there a term for a work of fiction that criticizes itself?
Could Court Gentry defeat the ISA like he defeated the CIA?
What is the purpose of dreams, altered perceptions of reality, and visions in otherwise realist fiction?
How can I write with so much pain, sadness, dread, anguish, and discouragement in my life?
What is your favorite first line from a science-fiction novel?
How long should I read fiction books if my goal is to improve my grammar and writing?
What are some young adult fiction novels with a Freudian Trio?
If someone wrote a fiction book based on Greek mythology, what figures would you want to see?
Has there ever been a successful Fiction book written in the form of bullet points?
What blogging platform is the best for sharing writing? I am keen to write and share fiction stories.
What does "white elephant" mean in Hills like white elephant short story by Hemingway?
What are some best books on fiction literature?
What are some good fictional stories that are over 200 pages long?
What’s the worst fairy tale?
Can fictional books and/or TV series develop a sense of self esteem?
Who is the best Fictional dictator ever written?
I have never written fiction, and I want to try screenwriting. What should I do?
Is there any scope for a career in writing pocket fiction?
What are some fiction books about immortality?
What would a culture, developed underground, look like?
Do I have to be an expert/master in English to write a fictional (novel) story (like J. K. Rowling, for example)?
What are your favorite books, from the political fiction genre?
Which is the best Fictional character that has inspired you ever?
What franchise has the most realistic government reaction to superheroes?
What are the best fiction or historical books on revolutions?
What was the earliest mention of aliens (extra-terrestrial life) in the history of fiction?
What are somethings you want to experience but can't because they only happen in fictional stories?
How would the course of conversation go if Sherlock Holmes were to meet Divyansh Mundra?
What do you think about the famous Chinese fiction Robert's witness?
Was there a fictional or mythological figure who disappeared if everyone turned away from them?
What are some famous fictional INTP characters?
Who are the most unique fictional characters with unique talents, skills, powers or any variable that can make them successful or win a fight? Explain.
Who is the most depraved, despicable protagonist in fiction?
How would you complete this science fiction story?
Does limitations of known science put us at a disadvantage when dealing with magic and why not?
What would be some entertaining books in historical fiction, adventure, classics or bit on science fiction?
I have thought about a science fiction plot and want to write it in the form of novel. How do I approach writing?
Why is there a fictional nation of Sauville in Gosick series?
Would giant swords be effective weapons in low gravity environments and have any fictional stories taken advantage of this concept?
Which are your top 10 fiction books of 2016?
Should I feel immature for liking and reading young adult fiction books, despite my being an adult? If so, should I read more “mature” books?
What is Hesse's The Glass Bead Game novel about?
Is it allowed to base a fictional character on a real person?
Who are some science fiction writers who are at least as good as Isaac Asimov, but are almost unknown in English-speaking countries?
Why should I ever read fiction if I can find interesting and more than enough non-fiction materials?
Is the one-year course in Fiction Direction from FAMU Prague a good course?
What is the first mention of suicide in fiction or the historical record?
Can you recommend good writers of American historical fiction?
What are some science fiction books that are great but has remained undiscovered and unpopular?
Are sleeper agents fiction?
Does anyone find humanity winning almost all the time in science fiction boring?
What are some good fiction book recommendations?
I'm a rising junior. How can I improve my fiction writing before the end of high school?
If you could have any author (fiction/nonfiction/living/dead) write your life story, who would you choose and why?
What's the most poignant sentence you ever heard?
How do science fiction fans distinguish science fiction from fantasy?
What fictional character have you seen that comes closest to real life sociopaths?
If Quora was a school what would be the four houses?
Is it okay to write a fictional story with yourself as a character?
Why did the aliens kill the woman in the movie Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull?
What novel or story best captures the spirit of Texas?
Is it common for fiction writers to imagine themselves a part of the world they're creating?
What is the best prose fiction book that you have read?
Name of a book that goes something like 'Why most of your thoughts are fiction and other reasons why you won't succeed in life'?
What is your favorite curbstomp battle in all of fiction?
What are the best novels in the action, comedy, and fiction categories?
Where does most paper for pop fiction books come from, the US or the rainforests? Do you think its sustainable to buy anything new made from trees?
What are the best websites to publish your fiction blogs weekly and how to gather an audience for it?
What are some of the main and most important legal fictions that Tocqueville discussed?
Is it good or bad for a fiction writer to use a thesaurus when he is writing his fiction? Why?
What book—fact or fiction—would best help you understand Romania and its history?
If Lloyd needed help with the word, "the," how could he have legally operated a motor vehicle?
Do you prefer writing fiction to non-fiction, and if so, why?
Are there any fictional books on 'white torture'?
What is a good fictional book about Siberia?
What are some of the most prescient predictions in science fiction?
Are there any fantasy (or just fictional) worlds with a flat Earth ?
Can a math-oriented person become a fiction writer?
In fiction, how should you depict the female gaze in a lesbian romance?
Why do real life battles last longer than fictional battles?
What is your favorite science fiction book as of 2017?
What are some cat aliens in works of fictions?
Who is the greatest fictional war strategist of all time?
Is The Zodiac Legacy: The Age of Bronze out yet?
What are some book recommendations for newbie?
What would the result of training in the manner of the Unsullied be on real people and what would happen to them psychologically?
What should I do to be a good writer of both fiction and non-fiction?
What is the best type of science fiction?
Is "The One Ring" from Lord of the Rings a macguffin?
What elements would you love your perfect fiction novel to include?
How can science be used in science fiction?
Is there any resources for writing military dialogue in fiction?
If you were forced to live in a fictional dystopian world of your choosing, which would it be and why?
Has any fictional novel been write in an open source format?
Am I wrong to feel that real science is painfully boring/depressing compared to science fiction?
What would you do if you could summon any fictional character for an hour?
If you have only one obligatory choice,which Conspiracy Theory do you think is not fiction?
What is Modern Fiction?
What is your favorite Science Fiction depiction of first contact with alien life?
Can you suggest fictional stories or movies that share parallels with trump and those that follow him?
Could I get sued by publishing a fictional novel about some real person according to Indonesian law?
Which are some of the oldest science fiction stories not yet invalidated?
In what scenarios, would a technomancer/technopath be powerless?
You're to be on a 50-mile highway in the middle of a desert, there is no speed limit or cops, and you can choose one fictional car. What would it be?
Where do I read science fiction online?
Is the Pulitzer Prize in Fiction a good indicator of literary quality?
When is it ever okay to use adverbs in Fiction stories?
What non-human fictional being would you have sex with?
Are you or have you ever been in love with a fictional character (games, books, movies or TV series)? Which character and why?
What fantasy race would you want to be real?
What are some examples of fiction and nonfiction books?
How many words should be in an adult non-fiction book?
Which 10 books should you read before leaving school?
Who are the top 10 powerful (fictional) characters?
Is fiction ever actually fiction as most made up stories are based on something that actually happened?
What fiction books do you recommend for my new full time maid/nanny that would inspire her, entertain her and get her hooked onto reading?
Are there any fiction/non-fiction economic policy books explaining different unintended consequences?
Why is fiction and poetry important?
What is the difference between surrealism fiction and fantasy fiction?
What is a science fiction lover’s worst nightmare?
What's the difference between translocation and teleportation (in terms of fictional magic)?
What ‘deep’ fiction books would you recommend to a 15 year old?
When writing a novel, when is it good to write in the past tense, and when is it not?
If you were to write a fictional story of our country, what would it be and why?
What other goals would an artificial superior intelligence have in a fictional story, besides destroying or saving the world?
What is the full list of fictional AI assistants?
What would happen if the earth's molten core was replaced with chocolate?
What fictional character fascinates you most?
What are some new fiction books written by autistic authors?
How were mythologies written? Were they started as fiction? If so, do we have continuity errors or different versions like fan fiction?
Do I need to copyright my fiction work before approaching a publisher?
When writing science fiction or fantasy, is it more important to depict cultures that are realistic, or ones that reflect modern values?
Who are some of the best fiction or non-fiction characters with mustaches or goat tees?
Has your fiction writing ever been hampered by a lengthy outline?
What are some religions (or books about them) that revolve around the universe and transcending?
There are many ways to tell the same story. How do you select the best one?
Which of Isaac Asimov's science fiction works (i.e short stories, novels, book series) is the best to read first?
Does reading really help change us in a big way?
Can we enjoy life without any kind of fiction?
Who are some English authors who use the most complicated and difficult-to-understand words in their books or poetry?
What kind of erotica fiction appeals to male readers?
Is a wormhole real or fiction?
What non Great House in Game of Thrones can raise the most men?
What do you think of the book 'Dead Souls' by Nikolai Gogol?
What would happen without fiction novels?
Where can I find an editor's email address for Spider Children's Magazine?
What books or movies are about the romantic relationship/friendship between scientist and artist?
Who is the weakest superhero of all fictional universes that can still topple the world governments if he wanted to?
What is your favourite fictional city brought to life in films?
Is “The Name of the Wind” worth reading?
Who are the best indie writers in literary fiction?
How should I add images in a romance fiction book? Can I assign one full page for an image or should I share it with text?
What movies do you know that have an evil mayor?
What are some self employment ideas for people who only want to read fiction?
When I write, I give myself the body, personality, life I wish I could have. Is this an unhealthy reason to write fiction?
What dystopian fiction has been the most foreshadowing of reality later?
What are the themes in prelude by Kathrine mansfield?
How important is naming in fiction?
Can you write a fiction book portraying living public figures?
What are important things to add to your fictional world to make it believable?
I have a script for a fictional but historically accurate novel in medieval settings. How do I proceed?
Is there a fan fiction where Bruce and Clark are a couple?
Who are the most popular science fiction authors of all time?
Why is Antony a common name among fictional mobsters?
Who is the most evil character in all of fiction and why?
Can you begin a fiction novel in 1st person POV-the view of the protagonist, then switch to 3rd person POV a few chapters in?
What are some examples of fiction in literature?
Is it unhealthy to enjoy Mary Sue fiction?
If Varys' power story is foreshadowing, who might be the king, the rich man, the priest and the sellsword, and in what circumstance?
Did Ernst Mayr read fiction? What were his favorite books?
What era in history of Essos (Ghis, Valyria, etc.) corresponds to the Age of Heroes of Westeros?
Is it ok if someone were to write about politics (sort of like how Karl Marx did, but without the communism) and also fiction sci-fi and war fiction?
What are the best books on persuasion and negotiations in literary fiction?
What science fiction media realistically portray artificial organs and prostheses in a human body?
How do I create a coherent timeline for a series of books in a fictional world?
What is the best companion book for world literature?
What are ten fictional universes that you wouldn't want to live in?
What piece of fictional technology would you most like to exist in real life?
Is fiction basically just a bunch of specific examples of philosophy and aphorisms?
Can you make a horrible fan fiction by using only 200 characters?
Criminals fleeing to either Canada or Mexico is a common staple of American crime fiction, but how often does it happen in real life?
Has the quality of stories improved because of advances in technology?
Does anyone do free development editing for my fiction book?
If you had to make a video game of any character from any fictional/non-fictional universe, which character would you choose? Think out of the box.
What is the most terrifying piece of fiction ever made?
How can I describe a journey back home of a group of four people in a fiction story?
Which was the most disappointing Harry Potter book?
Where does the splendour lie in writing/reading fictional books?
Does fiction exist in a vacuum?
What are some realistic fiction story ideas?
What are some must read science fiction novels that don't have space travel and aliens?
Is there a psychology equivalent to science fiction?
Why didn't Bran send Rickon to the wall with Jon?
Should a literature student only read literary fiction?
What is your favorite method of space travel in science fiction novels?
Is Predator's more a Betty or Veronica type of guy?
Assuming you are a part of their fictional world, are there any fictional characters whose life you would be willing to save by giving up your own?
Is writing non-fiction easier (faster) than writing fiction?
What should I read fiction or self-help?
Are there any fictional examples of anti-technological and anti-scientific societies ruled by military might, corruption, criminality and untruths?
Which fictional character that you created is your favorite, and why?
If any fictional character joins Quora, what kind of questions will be asked by or to him/her?
What are some fictional currencies in use in science fiction stories and what's interesting about them?
What are good fiction books on living with communism along the lines of 1984 and animal farm?
Is it cliche to refer to an organization using general titles in Utopian/Dystopian fiction?
What are some intense science fictions?
How do I get better at writing fiction (stories)?
What are some fiction literature books with themes of government and power?
How much magic does it take to summon the Reaper in fiction, books, movies and/or television shows, etc.?
Is Stephen Hawking the father of future science or fiction?
What's the best fantasy army you could ever build?
Would certain languages or cultures on Earth have been more advantageous in communicating with the aliens in Arrival?
If you could make any fictional character come to life, which would it be?
If we lived in a fictional world where most people had powers, what powers would be considered common?
What is the best title for fiction related to rain?
What is the best background music for reading fiction?
Do you need special permission to write fanfiction stories or books?
If I were to write a fictional story that mentions a real government agency (DARPA), in a kind of negative light, could I be sued for defamation?
Is writing good fiction still a worthwhile vocation?
With Asimov and Clarke gone, who is writing "hard" science fiction?
Is there a website for roleplaying fictional characters?
How can reading fiction help me improve in my course of life?
Which is the best fictional series providing medical knowledge?
If a billion-year-old star transformed into a human, what would its mindset be?
Fictional or real, what animal do you never want to come into contact with?
Why is Melisandre not in the service of Daenerys?
If you were forced to create your own fictional universe to live in, what would you create?
What are some good fictional series that I can read?
How can I convince an average Indian that Bible is a book of fiction?
Why do so many Y.A. fiction novels have seventeen-year old white girls as protagonists today?
What fictional character would you like to meet in real life and why?
What is the inspiration behind some of the greatest fiction stories of our time?
Can you list some of the best 'realistic fiction' movies?
What are the advantageous of omniscience over super human intelligent?
What kind of fictional monster would you choose to be and why?
Would you be interested in seeing a published/condensed/edited form of In The Realms of the Unreal one day?
How do I publish my science fiction story?
Have you ever felt like living in fantasy for ever, like a book you really liked and wish to living it?
What is the best and more realistic way to resolve a love triangle in fiction?
Are stereotypes of races based on fact or fiction?
Is there an example in fiction (literary or cinematic) where deus ex machina was used to positive effect?
What are some best fiction books for a beginner?
Could there at least be a 0000.1 chance that all fictional characters exist?
Why did Lorraine kill Ben in "The Women of Brewster Place?”
Who is the most evil character who looks cute?
What fictional work has the most terrifying depiction of body horror?
If a human fell in love with an animal who became human and gained human intelligence, would it still count as bestiality?
What inspired the book series Wheel of Time?
What are best crime, capery story and science fiction movies?
For $5,000,000, would you spend one year in a parallel world similar to ours but there is one difference marked in the details?
What would it be like if humans could jump into any fictional media?
A Song of Ice and Fire: Has your opinion of some of the characters changed over time?
Which is your favourite fictional Bengali sleuth?
I have an excellent idea for a science fiction story, how do I create a novel from this idea?
What are the best non fiction books on astronomy/Physics ?
What is the value of fiction?
Who are your fictional and real life role models in life?
What is speculative fiction?
Is it true that some characters in fiction, dont need to wear masks?
What Aussie YA fiction books should I read?
Is there a fiction story about stress and language?
Has a Head of State ever written a good fiction novel?
How would we perceive the world if we were able to see IR and UV light (or more)?
What is your opinion on the fictional character Carmen?
I'm used to reading non-fiction. What are some must read fiction books?
Which are some good novels (science fiction or fiction)?
Please recommend a book? A narrative (fiction or non) with a compelling character worth emulating who undergoes a transformation?
Which Science Fiction book series to read?
Any fictional conspiracies that are close to the reality?
What kind of wording separates erotic fiction from porn books?
How do I learn to write interesting fiction and get motivation to finish?
Is it weird to like fictional characters more than real people?
What is fiction novel?
What are the best slice-of-life graphic novels?
What is macabre fiction? What are some examples?
Can you tell me any names of movies of fictional old times, like Lord Of The Rings, 300, etc.? Which ones have battles and a great story in them?
Which fictional characters have an ENTP personality type?
Is science fiction taken seriously within science circles?
What type of fictional characters do you tend to attach to? Do you think that this reflects your subconscious somehow?
What kinds of unique character traits do you wish was more prominent in popular fiction?
Is it better to avoid or use slang in young adult fiction novels?
What is your favourite book and what book do you think you should recommend to 12 - 13 year olds?
What are some tips for writing action scenes in fiction?
How do science fiction writers come up with designs for a spaceship?
What is M.U.T.O. a mutant of?
As a creator, how does it feel for your work to be popular to the point of fandom?
Is "Thunderbird" the only term used for airplanes, in fiction or otherwise, based on animals?
How do movies, TV shows etc. affect our brains?
Who is your favourite non DC/Marvel superhero? Why?
How long would it take to bring down Sam Fisher?
Which are some good science fiction/fantasy short stories' sites?
What was the best zootopia fan fiction you've read?
Do fiction readers ever have an issue with authors' wrong portrayal of tragedy?
Who are the biggest entertainers on Quora? Who would you choose and why?
Which are the best pieces of flash fiction that you have heard?
Can a fictional currency be copyrighted?
Why Indian writers mix love stories even in good science fiction books like 2024 Man on Mars, a great science fiction but mix with love story?
What are the best fiction books about politics?
Within science fiction, what technologies do characters use that allow them to identify previously unknown living things and their internal structure?
Are there any important fiction writers working today?
What is the most common misunderstanding about literary fiction?
Who is your favorite mathematics character in a work of fiction (books, plays, movies, etc)?
How are the births and early lives of great main characters portrayed in Eastern storytelling?
What are fantastical elements in fiction?
What heartwrenching story have you heard from a panhandler that you later found out to be fiction?
Who are the top three authors in Hindi pulp fiction?
Who is the most underrated Lovecraft creature?
Can we compare fiction and non fiction on the basis of learning? If yes how?
If you're a fan of crime fiction, does it ever get exceptionally preoccupying?
How can I start reading fiction again if I haven't read a fiction book since I was in school?
How does one go about introducing a fictional world?
Who is your favorite writer of fiction from Malaysia and Singapore?
Would 5k words a day damage creativity? I want to boost my fiction writing from 2k to 5k so any tips would be appreciated.
What fictional character was accurately portrayed as a psychopath?
Which science fiction novel has come true?
What is the coolest set of armor in anything fictional or non-fictional?
Can you name some marvellous works in the field of novels?
Why there are less science fiction books in India?
Do we have enough portrayal of mental health in young adult fiction? If so, is it portrayed properly?
Will Dushka Zapata ever write a fiction book?
Can you separate fact from fiction in regards to movie Ruostum (2016)? What really happened in the KM Nanavati case?
What science fiction movie creation would you like to become real?
Are there any fictional examples of a post-apocalyptic world dominated by a lawless, propaganda-filled repressive and gangster-like society?
How do you supercharge the ley lines in works of fiction and books?
What would you say is the best new fiction book for 2017?
Which is the best fiction novel in Hindi?
Can you picture yourself in the shoes of any of the protagonists of fiction?
Where do you think the difficulty would lie in the translation of Chinese fantasy fiction?
Can you summarize the useful points of a book you have read in 200 words?
Are there good works of fiction (movies/written) which tell engaging stories by focusing more on principles and ideas and less on characters?
As an AI robot, shouldn't TARS have used 'probability' instead of 'possibility' while responding to Cooper during the famous docking scene?
Why is the "mad scientist" trope a recurring theme in fiction?
What is a fictional story than ended, but left you craving for more?
How can fiction be considered art?
Should all fictional works include at least one female character?
Are there any examples of fictional dictatorships denying technological progress?
Is anyone in the fictional universe faster than the Flash (DC Character)?
What are the best fiction books with lessons on compassion?
Which is the best Hindi fiction?
What are some amusing relationships between two profoundly different characters in fiction?
What is the disorder of creating fictional people in life?
What will Jon snow do with house umber now that he won the north?
Are there any good writing exercises for fiction writing?
Copyright owners denied me the rights to adapt a story because of “departures” from the original story. Does that mean I have a new IP?
What are some good examples of last names for fictional characters?
Is love most a fiction when it becomes a mere duty as opposed to a true personal passion?
What are the three most critical components of building a good author's platform for fiction?
Are good science fiction books rare compared to other genres?
What are some famous science fiction stories/movies. Made in Iran?
Which fiction and non-fiction show do you like the most?
How can Martyn V. Halm write so convincingly from the perspective of a blind person? Is he himself blind?
Can you name a fiction book where someone learns a foreign language?
Who is the most popular witty fictional character in literature?
Who is the greatest manipulator in fiction?
If you could visit any fictional world, what fictional world would you choose?
What are some examples of fictional cats?
How can you accept that fact that you cannot go to fictional worlds and that you are stuck in reality?
How can I get in touch with an FBI agent about asking questions for researching a book?
What is the science fiction book where the planet encouraged OCD in children because they thought they were prophets?
What if famous people were clan leaders in Clash of Clans? What would be their clan name and clan description?
As a Christian author, is it ok to use fictional religion and magic in writing stories?
What are some good fiction novels to read to improve vocab?
Who is hands down the most complex multi dimensional character in all of fiction?
What would be a good name for a fictional Japanese talkshow?
What fictional charachter death is the saddest?
What are the best fiction stories in the history of mathematics?
What are some books about fictional and non-fictional Indian queens?
How can an author predict sales of his book?
How do I publish a fiction book in India with no money?
Have you ever met someone so eccentric that you could base a fictional character on them?
What grains are natural, or have they all been changed from God's intention?
What are the rules of fan fiction writing?
What are fiction stories? What are some examples?
What are some of the best novels to read for beginners?
What does the short story "Babycakes" by Neil Gaiman represent?
Why is "Flowers for Algernon" considered as science fiction?
Who is the most evil fictional character that isn’t human?
Was the Golden Company lied to about Aegon's true parentage?
Which are some of the greatest works in Classic fiction?
Are there any literary fictional characters that are similar in personality and skill set to Jason Bourne?
What would you do if you were 17 and woke to find no one remembers you?
Have you ever fell in love with a fictional character to the point you had to personally cope with he/she not being real? If so, how?
Are there any American fairy tale style romance young adult fiction that I can enjoy reading?
You are tasked with writing a fictional story about one or more Quorans. Who would you pick, and what would the story be about?
Telepathy is typically in the reserve of the science fiction genre, but what if we could actually read other people’s thoughts? What might we discover?
Why are the words "fictional character" used together, as if characters could be non-fictional? Isn't this a pleonasm?
What are the best Indian fiction novels (regarding medical profession)?
Can I get some supernatural stories of maths fiction?
Which fictional character would you relate yourself to and why?
What do you call quoting something or someone from a fictional universe, as an example to illustrate a statement on reality?
What is going on in the rest of the world outside of Panem in the fictional Hunger Games universe?
In fiction writing, should I start with creating the characters or their surrounding environment?
What are some of the best non-fiction and fiction books that you have read in 2016?
What are some of the largest creatures or structures in fiction of any sort?
Who are your favorite pilots of all time (both fictional and non-fictional)?
What is the most disturbing thing that you ever read in a fictional work assigned in a class you took?
What are all of the Assassin guilds that exist in Tamriel?
Where can I learn fiction writing and screenwriting in Bangalore?
Is the story of Odysseus fictional or real?
What is your favorite educational fiction story?
What are some good character driven science fiction novels similar to Bujold's Vorkosigan Saga?
How can writing fiction help my depression?
What do you think is the age at which an aspiring writer should start working on a fiction novel?
What could you do with the superpower to manipulate thermal energy?
Some say that Mahabharata is fictional, and is a tale written to inspire future generations. How do I prove them wrong?
Why are almost all science fiction weapons woefully inadequate compared to modern equipment?
Which science fiction stories from before 1980 did the best at predicting what modern life would be like?
What money does a fiction author get for a movie option?
How would you design the Snowpiercer?
What are some of the most beautiful descriptions of fictional places in literature?
What science fiction technologies are actually feasible and could become a reality this century?
If Osama Bin Laden was at war with Pablo Escobar, who would win and why?
Are there good fiction works that explore the stage of moving to retirement?
What are fictional characters?
Looking for an old science fiction anime about a kid trying to save a girl/princess in a weird tower or spaceship like dungeon?
How can you start a fictional story if you have a few exciting ideas?
Is Kaguya Otsutsuki from Naruto one of the worst fictional mothers?
What are the best fiction books to learn about the Russian Revolution and communism?
Which are the best fiction books ever written about interest in mathematics?
What are online websites to read full ebooks for free, both fictional and non- fictional?
Are there any relations between Harry Potter and Percy Jackson?
Why would a creator make the bad guys win?
What are you looking in a fantasy story?
Will reading novels or non fiction increase my brain's processing and ability to grasp complex concepts?
Could the ancient Stark sword the original "Ice" be an Other sword?
What are your favorite themes/character developments in Crime Genre?
Which book (fiction or horror) should I buy?
What is your favorite fictional flag?
Which are some of the best works of futuristic fiction written by women?
What are the must read books under fiction for beginners?
If you existed in a magical/fantastic universe, would you be into the light or the dark side?
Will you review my fictional novel?
Which single work of fiction has changed your life the most?
What could be the reason why Oathkeeper and Widow's Wail have black and red ripples instead of the usual black?
What fictional characters do you know have puns in their names?
Why should I go to college if I am 18 yo, make 120k a year, read tons of non fictional books, and have friends from all over the world?
Which is the best library in Mysore for reading fiction novels?
Are there any really good fiction books about Area 51?
What are some diseases my character could die from in the 50s?
What is the name of the science fiction story where a man's entire life is the last message of a dying people?
What great fiction books would an enneatypes 6 recommend?
What is your favorite short fiction having memory or amnesia as a central theme to it?
Why do some literary genres get outdated?
What are the great fictional book should I read which are available in free?
What is a good book (fiction,any genre) that can change my perspective against the status quo?
What adventure/fiction books do you recommend? I enjoy sagas and series.?
What are some examples of fiction disclaimers?
How do I detect a copied fiction?
Which animated fictional movie character do you wish was real?
What is your favourite map, fictional or non-fictional?
What is a good story you can write and then post here?
Are there real secret elite ninja Clans that live in the mountains with crazy fighting abilities or only in fiction?
How many books (fiction & non-fiction) about 9/11 have been written in the 15 years since the terrorist attacks?
What do aliens or monsters have to do with science-fiction?
What is your fictional desire?
What modern young adult/adult novels digress from the "fantasy world with a hero on a journey to save a friend and find themselves" plot?
What is the most famous vehicle of the fictional underworld?
What are some ghost cities in real life and works of fiction?
What are the best ways to find publishers soliciting works of fiction?
What's the most interesting fictional concept you've ever encountered, across all genres?
In your opinion, which powerful fictional character is most likely to reach the edge of the universe unharmed?
Who is the most influential character of English language adult novel fiction?
How can I write good first person prose in fiction?
Who are the best authors of fiction in2016 and why?
What is the difference between an android and a humanoid robot?
What would happen if everyone on this earth follows the same religion?
Why are books on science of the non fiction category priced heavily?
In your opinion, who is the most overrated major science fiction writer?
Which work of fiction (books/graphic novels/movies/etc.) changed you as a person?
What is the science fiction story about an artificial intelligence that predetermines the needs of individuals and arranges to have others help them?
What is a book (fiction or non-fiction) that doesn’t exist that you wish existed?
I want one of the characters in my story to be a Crow Indian, but I don't want to pigeon hole him. Are there any resources I can use?
How do authors inspire themselves to start writing fiction books?
Are there any characteristics of narrative which help identify it as fiction or fact?
I've been keeping a journal for three months. I've committed to filling three pages a day. My pages are boring. How do I get better?
What's a good fiction or non-fiction book about India that would be interesting for a foreigner to read?
What are some good novels for a high school graduate which he/she can read in a single sitting?
Does a writer need to have an above average IQ to write best-selling fiction? Why? How high should his IQ stand for to write best-selling fiction?
What is the difference between a novel and a fiction?
Do you think mythological fictions take the essence out of mythology or instead give them a new dimension?
If you could spend time with a female fictional character, who would you pick and why? I am interested in hearing who women would pick as a friend.
Who are your favourite philosophical fiction writers? And why?
What is it like to be a fiction writer?
What are some super-strong nano-material in works of fictions?
What was the name of that cartoon about a female donkey & a living snowman & if I remember correctly a crow?
How do you decide to buy a non fictional book before reading it?
Who are the best African-American science fiction writers besides Octavia Butler?
Most books I read, I don't complete reading them unless if they are fiction. How can I fix this issue?
How would you break professional distance rules properly?
If you had a chance to rewrite a book (fiction), what book would it be and why?
Why would anyone learn a fictional language?
Can you recommend a historical/fictional novel that gives a nuanced and compelling depiction of Islam?
Is it possible for a fictional character you made to become real if you get really attached to it?
what do you feel after reading a fiction novel?
What non-fiction books should a fiction fan read?
What factors make a fiction author's output more or less rapid?
Where can I find a like minded community of science fiction and fantasy lovers?
How risky is it to write a fiction set in Medieval England with heavy fantastic elements?
How do I write a manuscript for a fiction?
How do I know that a book is fictional or non fictional?
What is Atompunk?
How do you read?
Could you please recommend to me some imaginative science fiction authors that are female and little known?
What are some good fiction books for an 8th grader?
Was Oba Schalk/Rahl suffering from a mental or personality disorder?
How comfortable are you with sharing an unfinished project with others online?
How do I write fiction faster?
Who is your favorite fictional detective?
Which are the best fiction books available online?
Why does the media go along with the fiction that political contributions only buy access?
How can I stop relating my life with the fictional characters lives?
What are some good fictional books to read that are at least 300 pages long?
What was the name of that cartoon about three identical triplets who wears the same grey overalls but different colors of shirt?
What fiction works make cities essential for the story?
Voltaire bashes on writers unable to write real women because they write their fantasies without experience. What are some Classics with real women?
Why do so many people love fictional super heroes?
Can you name one great science fiction short story writer?
What are some fiction novels written with a very clear, precise prose?
Would a lethal poison as cyanide lose some effectiveness because it was brewed several years ago?
In Japanese, does describing a character as "onna no ko" or “otoko no ko” imply that they are a minor?
Is Ramayana series by Ashok Banker worth reading?
What is(are) the rule(s) for using real people when writing fiction?
Which are the best british fictional books?
Where can I buy or read British Science Fiction magazine "New Worlds"?
What are some novels where the protagonist has no memory of his life before?
What is the best place to sell my many books that are fiction?
What are some great southern gothic novels?
What is meant by "slash fiction"?
Why is Asimov's dialogue-heavy style of writing so uncommon in fiction?
Who do you prefer, Captain Britain or Union Jack?
What are some great fiction books about depression?
How are the works of Hermann Hesse regarded by different age groups in today's world?
For those who read more than 50 books a year: How do you find and choose good books to read?
Since the boovs didn't leave the planet, where are they now?
I want to ask Grant Morrison a question, how do I contact him?
What are the other radical leftist science fiction writers like Ursula K. Le Guin, Iain Banks and Ken MacLeod?
What was the book you hoped would never end?
What are the best fiction books that depict South American society?
Can Tarzan happen in real life?
Are there any sci-fi stories where humans are morally ambiguous?
Have you ever passed fiction as a fact while writing about yourself on Quora as an anonymous person?
What is Sir Ranulph Fiennes' best book of non fiction?
What are some examples of fictional narratives?
What are examples in historical fiction of effective narrative exposition used to place a nation, people, or culture into historical context?
Did any science fiction writer predict something similar to Wikipedia?
What are some ideas to start writing a fiction book?
How is a (long) story developed?
What are the top 5 must read fiction books for undergraduate age groups?
Which novels mislead readers the best?
How can I tell if a fiction book is worth reading without reading it?
What are the strengths and weaknesses of my manuscript outline?
What are some good fictional books that go into detail on magic?
If u ever invented a new fictional character who and how would he/she be?
What formats do you use to write fiction?
Are there any adults who enjoy Harry Potter and the fantasy fiction genre?
Should I read Dune?
What kind of reality we should criticize from fiction movies, especially sci-fi movies, since they are basically just fiction?
What are some molecular machines in fictional universes/worlds?
What is thebest fiction book to read?
How do you distinguish between facts and fiction?
Can book lovers explain their emotional attachment with fictional characters?
Are there any Tolkien fan fiction works of high literary quality?
What is up with the series game of thrones? Why is everyone talking about it? Why is it so popular?
What are some great fiction books that teenagers can engage in and get them thinking?
What should I name a fictional drug which counteracts the rejection of cybernetic prostheses?
What would you say is the stinkiest (worst-smelling) thing in fiction?
Which are the best war fiction books?
How do I format a list that's being read out loud by a character in a fiction book? The list contains lengthy sentences (ie: not a grocery store list)
What fictional character, if any, has powers to match Jean Grey in Phoenix mode?
What do you think of Ken MacLeod's science fiction books?
What are the best fictional elementary schools?
Do you know any fictional works about the birth of language?
What are some good realistic fiction YA books about bullying from the bully's point of view?
In Neuromancer, why did Wintermute bother to recruit/brainwash Corto/Armitage?
Is the Sword of Truth series making a statement about our world today?
What are some good fiction (fantasy) book about mythology?
What are some effective ways in which you can introduce readers to your fictional world with a "bang"?
What are the best philosophical fiction books to read while traveling? And why?
If I were to create just some words of a fantasy fictional language (not entire languages) which standards I should follow? How should I proceed?
Which fictional universe has the most realistic portrayal of the future?
Are the talking portraits at Hogwarts the actual people in the picture talking or is it an echo of what they might say?
How do you remember the book you read?
What are the most important fiction books in history?
Which is the best fiction novel of 2016?
What is the first hard-boiled detective story?
Is there a site where you can get an informational paper written on any topic, even fictional ones?
Which are the 20 fiction and non fiction books by not so famous authors which everyone must read?
How do you prevent people who flat out deny peer-reviewed science from getting under your skin?
Does reading fiction help aspies with reading other people's emotions?
Can reading fiction improve cultural awareness?
What is the most life-changing fiction book?
What are some good sci fiction movies expect about Space?
How are dragons reproduced in GOT? Will there be other dragons in GOT ?
When a soul leaves a dead body, is it painless in fictional worlds?
What are some intense reads (not about romance and stuff) for young adults?
Will you read a science fiction novel written by a woman?
What are some fictional characters who are famous for finding things?
What are examples of fictitious assets?
What are the fiction stories that are intersting to read?
Why are many girls writing dark pieces of fiction?
How do I make my fiction writing lively and immersive?
What are some Fiction books that deal with the madonna wh()re complex?
How can an amateur fiction writer learn to compose effortless prose?
Science Fiction Authors: What is Stanislaw Lem's best book besides Solaris?
What are some good fictional short story books?
What is your fictional modern day country?
What is the best fictional story involving parallel universes?
Do libraries put the Bible in fiction or non fiction?
What are some works of fiction that depict a battle royal or (non-)zero-sum game?
Which is the most scientifically advanced movie in 2016?
What courses to take to start writing fiction?
Why do I wish some fictional characters existed?
Is there an encyclopedia that surveys the most original ideas in science fiction?
How do I learn to write clean fiction prose?
What is the fictional or non-fictional inspiration for Lance Corporal Levi?
What are some great works of fiction I should read before my trip to Barcelona?
What is your process for naming your characters?
How do I learn from fictions?
Is sex a real phenomenon, or is it just fictitious?
What is the science behind magic in Harry Potter?
Which type of fiction do you like most?
Is there dramatic value to telling the fiction reader up front (in the narrative) that the protagonist is going to be doomed by the end of the novel?
Are we really making new friends? Or It is just digital fiction.
Which real language is D'Haran derived from?
Is Jon Snow king?
Imagine you can reborn in a futuristic world where all animals have the same intelligence as human beings, which animal would you like to be?
What are the best mythological fiction books/novels?
What are the tropes of young adult fiction which have not yet become cliche?
Why didn't the Mad King have a dragon?
I want to write a fiction on Indian Mythology. But I'm confused about using magic/ mythical creatures. Should I use magic/sorcery?
Would My Little Pony: FIM have a different plot if it was written by George R.R. Martin?
I want to meet myself from someone else's point of view. Is that possible?
How do I make readers to care about and to feel emotionally attached to my fictional fantasy world?
Are there any atheists groups, houses or important characters in Game of Thrones?
Who, out of all the major characters in ASOIAF, would make for the best ruler of the Seven Kingdoms?
What are some of the best science tips?
What was the first science fiction/fantasy book you ever read?
How would Sherlock Holmes react to Brexit?
What things in Tolkien's fictional universe are based on actual events?
Is fan fiction legal?
What is the meaning of "modern realistic fiction"?
How does Stannis Baratheon compare to Tywin Lannister?
Was Mahabharata a fictional story or historical record?
Are there any characters in fiction, besides Rhaegar Targaryen, who have "The Last Dragon" as an alias?
What important things to remember when writing fiction set in space?
Why did the Bourne Ultimatum get better reviews than the first two movies?
What work of fiction depicts the supernatural creation of the universe akin to how Anne Rice handled it in Memnoch the Devil?
What are the most realistic science fiction flms?
Which superhero would you want to marry, and why?
Can you provide a list of links to Omegaverse stories?
What fictional characters are derived from Doc Savage?
What causes a fictional character to suffer a “Psychological Death?” And how would you define the term?
What is more controversial, truth or fiction and will anyone affect history like Jesus?
What are some good documentaries about fiction writers?
How do you force yourself to write when you have an idea?
How does Daenerys ride Drogon in the show?
I’m trying to remember a book where a character's version of heaven is reliving the same perfect day (without fully realizing that she's reliving it)?
Can Jaime ever forgive Tyrion for killing Tywin?
What would a society with zero privacy for anyone, including the elites, be like?
What sort of money does a mediocre fiction author make?
Is Marco Polo the tv series, based true events or is it just a work of fiction?
What are the best fiction books on Christ?
Are good looks just a fiction in books for attracting girls?
What are your favourite 'boarding school fiction' books?
After the Destruction of The Great Sept of Baelor, how many Tyrell forces are left for Lady Olenna to command?
If you were to send one fiction book to an alien civilization, on the purpose of showing as much as possible about humanity, wich would you choose?
In "A Song of Ice and Fire" how important are the direwolf pups?
Who is your fictional role model and why?
IN Game of Thrones, the younger characters (Arya, Bran, Tommen) have obviously aged, but how many years have passed since the beginning of the show?
Have modern authors' writing styles been affected by having "watched" so many stories on TV/Film while growing up rather than reading such stories?
What are some great Marvel/DC superhero theme music ringtones I can have for my phone?
What does "general fiction" mean?
How much time passed in Westeros during Game of Thrones Season 6?
What is the most interesting fictional world?
Who would be the best leader out of Superman, Batman, Captain America, And Iron Man?
Has Superman ever become evil, and did Lex Luther stop him?
What are the best books, or references to help me write a fiction novel?
If the ironborn lose their fleet, are they finished?
Is Mahavarata a true history or it is a fiction?
How is a novel based on a movie written?
How much do you earn as a content writer in India?
How much does a book writer earn in India?
Why are so many fictional women attracted to Batman?
I want to write a mythological fiction. Should I make it historical by showing Gods as human or make it a fantasy with magic and mythical creatures?
What are the pros and cons of listening to fiction compared to non fiction via audiobook?
How did the "big red button" become a staple of fiction?
Where is Daenarys sailing with her fleet and dragons, to Dorne or Kings Landing?
What would be the best and worst fictional universe to live in?
What's the most interesting fiction book you have read?
How many people do you think watch and love Game of Thrones without understanding all backstories? If you yourself struggle sometimes, answer too!
Do any interesting stories exist that were written entirely in emoji?
In my novel, my character's dog's name is Bilbo (it's mentioned that her dad collects LOTR memorabilia). Is this copyright infringement?
What are good works of fiction (short stories, novels, movies) that convey useful intuitions about microeconomics?
If you could travel across the country with three people (fictional, non fictional, alive, or dead) who would they be and why?
In Game of Thrones, what happened to the soldiers that deserted from Stannis's army near Winterfell?
What if all the planets in solar system supported life and there'd be a significant population living on each one?
How do fiction and non-fiction books differ?
My daughter is 11 years old and English is her second language but she has written a fiction story. How can I help her to find publisher or agent?
I am a heterosexual girl but feel attraction to fictional female characters. Is that normal or not?
Can I use professional sport teams in a fictional book I am writing?
What are some good historical fiction novels?
What are some heartwarming fiction book with sad ending that makes you appreciate life?
Where should I start from the new DC rebirth?
Who are the most psychologically strong fictional characters?
What is the purpose of all the italicized text in Madame Bovary?
What are questions one should think of when making a fictional character?
I haven't read a fiction book since school (I am 29). What books do you recommend I start with?
Do Kings in the North have Small Councils or anything resembling?
What is the best science fiction movie of the past 5 years and why?
What books should the privileged read in order to gain perspective and empathy for the underprivileged?
What are some good publishers for extremely young authors of YA fiction to consider?
Is there a science fiction feed?
Who are some of the best warriors left in Game of Thrones after season 6?
Which is the best science fiction available?
How would a fiction writer be able to create unique fantasy races that aren’t just Elves, Dwarfs and Orcs under different names?
Who is the fastest superpowered character whose speed does not allow for intangibility, time travel, duplicates and such? What is his/her speed?
What are some fiction books involving witchcraft and ancient cultures?
Which one is more helpful: Fiction or Non-Fiction?
What would have happened if Arya had killed Tywin?
What are some examples of notable writers who only wrote in their spare time?
Which superheroes can defeat Batman in Hellbat armor?
What is the better way to write a fiction novel?
Could anyone have survived Cersei’s Wildfire?
The idea of the West has been a strong influence on American fiction, what can we get with reference to Irving, Cooper, and Fitzgerald?
Poetry is 1000s of years old, novels only 100s; who led the revolt of the fiction writers against poetry, what were their aims, did they succeed?
Can anyone please suggest some interesting topics to write a novel on.
Why does science fiction tend to portray some kind of laser as the primary projectile weapon?
What are some of your favorite examples of poorly written, unintentionally funny, or just plain awful exposition in books, television or movies?
Why do the last books in fictional series tend to be the best?
How do I write a science fiction romance novel that actually sells?
Is there any fiction that should be forbidden?
What are some substantive fiction books?
Now that Melisandre has been banished, what role can she play in the fight against the Others? Will she keep trying to help Jon, and how?
Why do we accept that fictional characters walk around all day in over-the-top outfits that no one would be caught dead wearing in real life?
Can "Inception" movie be completed in 30 minutes duration only?
What are some realistic fiction topics to write about?
I created fictional parents to cope with mine, now I think I'm losing it?
What are some creative ways to show off a fictional character's immense physical strength?
Is it possible to write a novel with no plot holes at all?
What would be your story if Batman turns evil and a villain and all the heroes from the DC and Marvel world try to stop him? At what level could Batman do damage and how could he be stopped?
What are some interesting fictional religions?
How can I tell people to depreciate soft science fiction?
What will Storm’s End lords do in the coming war between Cersei and Dany?
Why most fiction works are published as series?
What are short stories?
What are the best Armenian fiction books translated into English in the last ten years?
Is the Night King from Game of Thrones supposed to be the same legendary character from the books?
What will happen if Tyrion Lannister has to fight his brother Jaime Lannister?
How would you kill Batman?
How does Cersei hope to win by declaring war on House Tyrell?
Who is the most badass Game of Thrones character?
Are there any well known realistic fiction novels for young adults and advanced?
Why doesn't Blinkist or getAbstract do summaries of fiction books?
Is there any historical fiction (movies or novels) about Native American removal, genocide, or life during that time?
What science fiction novel portrays the future of humanity most promisingly?
Is it really bad for a hero to have "too much power"?
Which 5 people can defeat Superman and how?
Medieval fictional worlds are widespread in novels, but have you ever read Victorian-inspired fictional worlds? If yes, please do give suggestions!
If you could pull three fictional characters out of any book, who would it be and why?
When writing fiction, how do you properly use prophecies?
What are a few fiction novels about entrepreneurs?
Who is the one fictional character you wish to become for the remaining of your life?
What are some fictional character birthdays?
What are some good urban fiction books?
What is some literature/fiction that features trolling?
Can I sell my movie as a 90-page story than a movie script?
What does local color refers to when someone is telling a fictional story?
Are there any fantasy or historical fiction novels inspired by the silk route?
As a professional psychologist, how would you diagnose the characters in Game of Thrones?
What are some of the fictional works of the past which came true many years later?
Is it healthy to entrap yourself in a fictional world you are writing about?
Who would win in a war: the empire (star wars) or the aliens from independence day?
Is Melisandre a threat now that Jon Snow dismissed her?
If you found a child of a foreign humanoid species that was chained to a post and was muzzled would you free them? (Appearance in description)
I want to write fantasy/scifi fiction as well as be a pastor. Would using a pseudonym be advised?
Can you recommend some fictions about drama-free happy couples?
I have opened a trading account with optionshouse and they want W-9 form even though I have given my SSN. Should I provide the w-9 form?
How much of HBO's subscriber base will they lose when Game of Thrones ends?
Do you think that Rick Riordan went a bit too far with Percy's powers?
What are some good spy novels written for adults?
What is your review of Quoran Holiday, Chapters 6-8. A novel by Sed Chapman?
Who is the man walking away from the camera in the game of thrones season 6 episode 10 preview?
Who would win between all Batman suits and all Iron Man suits?
What is earliest historical fiction for children?
How fiction and non fiction help the reader respectively?
What books (fiction, not technical literature) should a prospective physician read, in your opinion?
What will Davos do to Melisandre now that he found out about Shireen?
How important is a creation myth to a series of high fantasy novels?
[SPOILER] Will Sansa be manipulated by Littlefinger again after being saved from the Boltons? Doesn't he owe her?
What fictional location do you wish you were at right now?
What are some stories on dark fiction?
Have any writers ever held their characters hostage?
What makes some fictional characters endearing even though they would be obnoxious in real life?
Can anyone tell exactly how smart Bobby Axelrod from the TV show Billions is?
How many people read literary fiction online?
Why are there seemingly very few creative-fiction blogs?
What reward is Littlefinger getting in exchange for helping Sansa to reclaim Winterfell?
Fiction: How do I shut off my filter?
What is a good novel set in New York City at the turn of the century (very early 1900s)?
Why is killing one's enemy such a popular trope in fiction?
Can any one suggest good fiction novels?
Is the following paragraph a good way to start a story or not?
[SPOILER] Will GRRM kill Rickon in the books — virtually extinguishing the Stark male line?
Does a clone know it's a clone?
What are some recommendations for good fiction books similar to 'The Seeker' of karan Baja or books with spiritual touch?
Is it normal to have a crush on a fictional character (from novels to be precise)?
What are some science fiction books for beginners?
Who would win in a fight between Bruce Wayne and Tony Stark?
How important are descriptions of characters and places in modern fiction writing?
[SPOILER] Did Cersei send Jaime away so that she would be free to slaughter everyone?
What will Jaime do when Cersei is dead?
I just found out my 12 yr old daughter is reading anime fan fiction stories (on her phone) with a lesbian theme. I'm not sure what I should do.
Will there be an Injustice movie after the Justice League series?
How long should a fictional series(tv/book) last? Why?
What are some some good literary fiction based on current geo political realities?
What fictional web series would you recommend?
In Game of Thrones S06 E09: Now that a traitor (Sansa) is ruling Winterfell, will King's Landing attack the North to take it back?
Why was the 'Golden Age of Science Fiction' named as such?
Why was Jon Snow's giant not better equipped in the Battle of the Bastards?
I am currently writing a fiction story about a child being forced into human trafficking and how can I make sure the story is accurate and realistic?
What's a good site for posting fiction?
Who are some fictional bisexual men?
How are fictional/artificial languages constructed?
What would you do with 40,000 Gold Dragons (the 1st prize of a tournament) in the Game of Thrones Universe?
What elements should Netflix focus on when building a show to compete with HBO's Game of Thrones?
A portal to any fictional world opens up for exactly one minute. What world would you go to and would you do it knowing you could never return?
Who is more likely to kill someone if pressed: Superman or Batman?
I can't help myself, I'm falling in love with fictional anime characters! Can you help my fictional fetish?
Is it OK for me to take a job because I anticipate it'll give me ideas for writing fiction?
When writing paragraphs in fiction, should I indent?
What are some writing tips for young aspiring fiction authors?
Which is your favorite fiction movie?
Who is the fastest person ever across all forms of fiction?
Do university libraries intentionally not stock up on fiction books?
Who is the best doctor in fiction?
What is your view about 24 (2016 Indian tamil science fiction thriller film) written and directed by Vikram Kumar?
I am planning to write a crime fiction novel, What are the suggestions?
Could AI (artificial intelligence) get the character of human’s like Greed?
How can an author write fiction that sells?
What fictional characters are similar to Patrick Jane from the Mentalist?
(Season 6 Episode 9) How will the Freys and Lannisters react to the Starks taking back Winterfell?
What are some of the best flash fiction?
Who would win a fight between Wonder Woman and She Hulk?
What's next for Jon Snow?
Is readership of literary fiction declining? If so, why?
After writing a fiction novel, is it better to find an agent or publish it on Kindle?
Which terms or concepts used in science originated in science fiction?
What's it like to translate a fiction with someone you don't know?
Do I need to do a background research to write a 'science' fiction?
Can a fictional character choke you if you say they aren't real?
Will we see a Batman/Wonder Woman pairing in the upcoming movie?
Can Batman kill Superman?
If Batman can take down the Justice League or Superman all by himself, then why isn't he the most powerful character in Dc Universe?
Does the Library of Congress hold fiction books?
[Game of Thrones - S06 E09] If Sansa is Queen in the North, would she legitimize Jon as a Stark?
Has Batman ever turned evil (like Superman in Injustice)?
Was Bruce's dream about the Flash warning him real or just a dream? Was it a major spoiler hinting towards a possible Injustice movie?
Which minor character made the biggest impression with you in Game of thrones S06e09?
Are the Macross theatrical release movies considered canon in regards to the animated series?
What are some interesting ways (even if those ways are hypothetical or science fiction) of curing cancer?
Has the telepathic, psychokenetic Krell machine from forbidden planet ever appeared in other fiction?
What are the dangers, if any, of fictionalizing events in the lives of actual historical characters?
Which fictional vegans are most interesting?
Does fiction ever have a political impact?
How do you think Ramsay would have tortured Jon if he had won the battle and captured him alive?
How many weapons does Batman have? List them please.
Why do I want to spend all of my time reading fiction?
Who are some of the best Indian authors (fiction) and why?
Would calculating characters like Tyrion, Baelish, and Varys have attempted to leave the Great Sept sooner, noticing Cersei and Tommen's absence?
Realistically, what would happen if somehow a portal is opened and any fictional character in existence comes to our world?
Did writers in Ancient India write historical fiction?
Who are some of the most prominent young writers of fiction in Japan right now?
What books best depict the culture of Belize? How do they do it so well?
Why wasn’t Sansa named "Queen in the North" instead of Jon when she is a trueborn Stark in Game of Thrones season 6 episode 10?
At the end of Season 6, is Sansa jealous about Jon being named King in the North?
What would the first storyteller in humanity have thought before making up his first story?
If you could be romantically involved with any fictional character, who would you pick and why?
How can I get the role of Jon Snow in Game of Thrones?
Who are the Faceless Men?
What is the definition of a fictional narrative?
What are some fictional characters that would make good Sith?
What motivates Adam Haslett to write fiction?
Which movies have high adult content and sex?
I want to write serious fiction but I always lose interest if I don't write in a funny style. How do I keep writing?
Is it a disorder if a person like a fictional movie character and begin to act in real life like that character unconsciously?
Some say that truth is stranger than fiction? Do you believe in it?
Who would win in a fight between Hulk and Batman?
What is the process for having a book of fiction or non-fiction published?
I want to get back reading good gripping fiction book. It's been a while, what are the latest you suggest?
What do you think would happen to Jon Snow if Ned Stark told Catelyn about his actual birthmother?
What does the novel "Don Quijote de la Mancha" (Don Quixote) tell us about the human nature?
What are all the batsuits worn by batman in the comics?
Does any real sword have color as in fiction?
What was the best quote you have read in a fiction novel?
Who is coolest fictional robotic character of all time?
If you could kill one Game of Thrones character, who would it be and why?
Are there any fiction writing competions on the net that are free to enter?
Are there any metrics on what kinds of animals kids like to read fiction about?
When I say I hate fangirls because they drool over celebrities and gush over fictional character relationships ("shipping"), does that make me sexist?
When writing fantasy, what are some tropes that could potentially kill my story?
What science fiction books predicted “Big Data”?
Are we on the brink of another battle between the United North under Jon Snow, and the knights of the Vale commandeered by Lord Petyr Baelish?
Why did the Chinese government arrest 20 women for writing slash fiction? Why did they ban slash fiction?
What happened to Harald Karstak in the battle of the bastards?
I love reading, but only fiction and sci-fi. How do I get myself to read more useful books like biographies or autobiographies?
Now that Jon Snow is the King in the North does that mean he is now a Stark and if not will he declare himself one?
Is 'To Kill a Mockingbird' a historical fiction novel?
What are the top 10 Crime Fiction books?
Is Totto-Chan a work of fiction or non-fiction?
Is astronomy a science or a fictional concept.?
Is love real in our world or it's just a fiction?
How much exposition should be in the first chapter of a fiction novel (Sci-Fi)?
Would it ever be possible to make a mmorpg type of game where you can play as any fictional character from all media?
What are some good fictional books about complex bisexual love triangle between 2 men and a girl?
What are the life rules of Ice Age characters?
What are the top 10 Science Fiction books?
Is Buraq (the flying horse) real or fictional in Islamic mythology?
Richard Muller: What books (both Fiction and Non Fiction) do you think a person should have read in his/her lifetime?
How would it be possible to levitate large objects and crafts, such as the fictional ones shown in these pictures?
What books have a "Chapter 0"?
Where can I learn how to write fiction?
How do I learn to write and describe the visuals from a movie, real life or my imagination in words?
Is there a good historical survey of science fiction?
What are the best fiction Arabic novels?
What are your thoughts on incorporating religion into fiction?
I am writing my fantasy story. What fictional characters do you know that are new to some person's ear?
How "rough" is the first draft for novels, usually?
Can anyone suggest books by Indian authors of science fiction to help compare my work of fiction in progress?
What Science Fiction book (maybe by Robert A. Heinlein) has a concept that a defense attorney gets the defendant's penalty if it’s a guilty verdict?
What are some of the best fictional books for any age on School and friendship?
Did Ayn Rand read a lot of fiction?
Who are the best authors of fiction and why?
What are some examples of NLP projects that do named entity recognition of fiction and novels?
Can you suggest a short list of publishers to whom I might send my fictional work?
What are some effective pointers in introducing readers to a fictional world you have created?
Which are some of the best nautical fiction books?
How should a Gunny behave in fiction?
Why has Hindi literature been abstemious in its exploration of themes?
What are some great fiction and non-fiction books for people interested in China?
What are some tips to answer questions from fiction?
How in the world would 2 authors co-author a fiction novel (e.g. The Talisman by Stephen King & Peter Straub), so as to have a consistent voice etc.?
When writing fiction, do places you write about have to depict the real place or just your imagination of how it should be to fit your story?
Is it normal to obsessively hate your own fictional character so much to think about it daily?
What are ways to describe taking off clothes when writing?
Which is your favourite ASOIAF sigil and why?
Was the idea of The Matrix derived from any science fiction novel?
Which fictional character would like to add in Game of Thrones and why?
If I want to start reading Russian novels, with which one should I start?
What was the first, known fiction book ever written?
If I am used to writing adult fiction, how can I learn to start writing young adult fiction?
Is the text of Genesis 1:1 considered fact or fiction?
I have autism. Why wouldn't the act of reading fiction books invoke as much emotion in me as they seem to in other people?
What are good examples of Modern Gothic Fiction?
How do I write a story for me on the miracles of science fiction?
Who is the oldest character (in terms of awareness) in all of science fiction?
People who've read The Ruins: did you like it or hate it? Give reasons why.
Who are some vlog- or bloggers that discuss their novels, lore, maps, or art?
What makes a fictional story incredibly great and captivating to the reader?
What are some examples in fiction of a mortal becoming an utterly *true* biological immortal?
What are some good fiction novels written by people with 160+ IQs?
Which are some of the best crime fiction books?
What are some systematic ways to organize characters in a plot?
What are your recommendations for suburban mystery novels?
Why do fiction books bore certain people?
What are some notable websites or online magazines where you are able to submit and read science fiction (or any other fiction/non-fiction genres)?
Would you rather be a human peasant in Middle Earth or Westeros?
Can you recommend one and only one fiction book?
Is it normal for a kid to sometimes believe they are their fictional character?
In literature, what is interpretive fiction?
Is it a bad idea to have protagonist just read a diary or letter for few chapters as a way to tell the backstory?
What are some good fiction novels with feminism as a theme?
Can you recommend a book with a collection of really interesting short stories in it?
What’s the best book to read that isn't fiction?
Why is aircraft engine exhaust often blue in science fiction?
Do you prefer fiction or nonfiction books? How about movies?
Why aren't there any famous fiction writers who are autistic?
Has there been any works of fiction that has combined elements of science fiction and fantasy?
Who would win in a fight between Sapphira from the Inheritance Cycle and Smaug?
What would be a good (preferably punny or portmanteauish) name for a book club that reads historical fiction?
How is "City of Ember" science fiction?
In the Secret History, was Henry really trying to kill Charles towards the end of the story?
People rave about how effective reading is at improving one’s intelligence. In your opinion, which are the best genres and books to start reading?
Who is driving the sun chariot? [If according to Rick Riordan's book, The Hidden Oracle, Apollo(the sun god) is on earth.]
I want to write fiction. Where do I start?
What type of character would be the most effective as a vessel in introducing readers to a fictional world?
What are some tips for writing young adult fiction?
What's your favorite prediction in science fiction?
What fictional character is the oldest?
Why doesn't Ramsay just attack the Wildlings now? Why is he waiting while Jon is gathering an army?
Will our spaceships eventually look like most starships from science fiction as we advance technologically and become spacefaring?
Is science fiction really going to be our future?
What are some of the traders/investors/analysts who turned into successful fiction writers?
What percentage of Christians in the U.S. truly believe that what is in the bible is actually true?
What are some amazingly beautiful gay romantic fiction novels one must read?
Is stephen hawkins just a science fiction writer dealing with space?
What are some of the most obscure but intentional pop culture references that you have come across in movies, tv series, etc.?
There is a word for craving food that the fictional character eats in the book. What is the word?
What fictional weapon and/or armor would you like to own?
Do phone numbers in fiction books lead anywhere?
Can fiction writers raise funds from patrons, online or otherwise?
Is 'The diary of a short-sighted adolescent' by Mircea Eliade fiction?
If you were suddenly transported to the world of Game of Thrones, what would you do?
Are fiction writing prompts copyrighted?
Would Carmen SanDiego be found and defeated by Captain America?
How do you identify a character as racially east asian in a fantasy novel set in a fictional world without using cultural references or asian names?
What are some good fiction novels for a beginner reader?
I want to write about my time in Jail as a journalist, Should I write book or a non fiction novel?Request
How would you rank these fictional characters in terms of power?
How plausible is our future to be as in The Matrix?
How can I write flash fiction?
What are the best insults from fictional languages?
I talk to fictional characters inside my head. Is this unhealthy?
Which fictional character do you love?
Who is the most selfish character in Game of Thrones?
What are some works of fiction that present novel philosophy?
How much is the fictional character Lucious Lyon worth?
In science fiction battle scenes, why don't the weapons all have guidance systems so that they are 100% accurate?
Why am I so emotionally attached to a character I made up when I was a toddler?
What are some under explored themes in science fiction that you would like to see more of?
What villains have specific plans if they succeeded in taking over the world?
How do creators and producers set the 'tone' of a TV series or movie?
How much is the fictional character Uncle Scrooge worth?
What incredible sentence could you write that includes these words (together)--"notably unaccomplished"?
How do poetry and fiction differ?
What are some funny repetitve things you do as a writer of fiction?
What is the best Indian science fiction story you can come up with?
What would be a good science fiction explanation for a character being immortal?
If you could live in any fictional universe, with the stipulation of it being present day, which would you choose? Why?
What are the best fiction books about travel and adventure?
Has anybody ever written Interactive Fiction for Choice of Games? If so, how was it?
Which was the one fictional character you fell in love with?
Would this story make a good movie?
Which are some ways to define if a character is proactive or reactive in a fiction novel?
Is it a bad idea to incorporate my political beliefs into my fiction?
What are some of the most impressive and impregnable fortresses ever conceived by fantasy writers?
How might one's life change as a result of publishing their first book?
How do I write a non-human character who is fascinated by humans?
What are your top 5 favorite historical fiction movies?
What are some of most captivating books on the topic of "Dreamtime" of the Australian Aboriginal mythology? Both fiction and non-fiction.
Is there a place for fiction (or poetry) on Medium?
What is important when creating a language?
How do I write a romantic fiction?
What are some good examples of benevolent AI in science fiction?
What are some of the easily available, good young adult fiction and fantasy novels?
What fictional item do you want in real life?
Can you suggest me some novels that provides the non fictional information fictionally (in form of an interesting story)?
Can someone suggest me the fellowship of writters?
Why does Neverland make you forget?
Would you categorize a work of fiction as a "crime novel" if there is only action/gunplay/criminality in the final third of the book?
How do I make a fictional character on mobile?
What are some of the best science fiction books that have to deal with branding and or marketing hijinks?
Can humans control the wind? I've seen it in movies thou but I keep wondering if it's mere fiction or an image of the real thing.
Is it proper to include real pictures of places and natural setting in a work of fiction, say a novel?
What are some good websites for online fiction?
If I read fiction, does it count as reading? Will it be beneficial? I'm tired of reading on self growth and motivation.
Would it be silly to create a wiki-style website for my fiction series, even though I've yet to actually begin writing the series?
How did/do science fiction influence Space exploration?
Does the High Septon know Margaery is pretending to be a believer (and just doesn't care as long as he gains power) or does he think she's a believer?
Who is the most popular fictional character of all time?
What a reader would enjoy the most in a fictional novel written like a real story?
In Endgame, what did the numbers that Sarah get mean?
If I went back 2,000 years ago and married my ancestor, would that count as incest?
Are there any good fiction out there on the Halo effect?
Writing Fiction: What Italian surnames fit with the name “Ethan”?
What other fictional or non fictional characters talk like general iroh?
What is the most reasonable motivation for a villain/antagonist?
From where can I read same stories written in different ways, angles and points of view?
Is hydroxy cyclosarin the same as sarin, or it is a fictional agent?
If you were to pick a Middle Earth race to fight the White Walkers, which race would you pick? (LOTR, GOT)
How many variants of "CNN" are used in fiction?
Why is helium 3 so popular as fuel in science fiction?
Does all science fiction include social commentary?
What does the fiction genre try to accomplish?
Can I legally use the name of a song as the title of my chapter and also a verse from the song in my writing (See details)?
Should I read the Gormenghast trilogy?
Is it silly for someone to be very attached to their own fictional character they created as a child?
Is it possible for a single fiction author to compete against big media giants?
Does Stan Berenstain's fictional land, "Bear Country", employ capital punishment?
Which books are influenced you most: fictional books or non-fictional ones?
Could Robb have avoided the Boltons' betrayal?
You're writing a fiction series, and come across an unknown (to you) author whose story is very similar to your concept. What do you do?
What is an effective way to apply Anders Ericsson's deliberate practice to writing fiction?
Does Bran Stark know about Jon's parentage after the flashbacks on season 6 episode 6?
How can I create a fictional but accurate planet?
What could be a sequel to the famous novel, "The Alchemist"?
What is the most realistic portrayal of aliens in fiction?
What's the most interesting fictional setting you know?
When writing a screenplay based off of a book, is it best to get permission from the author(s) first before writing?  Or write the screenplay first so the authors have something to look at before making a decision?
What are the tips for exam on English fiction?
In A Song of Ice And Fire, what was the second most powerful Northern house at the time the series started?
Are there any Quorans who would like to beta read the first act of a dark fantasy novel?
What is fiction?
Quorans of Color: How can a white author approach diversity in fiction?
How does the Percy Jackson series differ from the Graeco-Roman mythology?
What fictional character does shivi Agarwal have the biggest crush on?
How many David Foster Wallace fans have actually read "Infinite Jest" cover to cover?
Is there ever an instance where an autobiography would be considered a work of fiction?
If you could assemble any ten fictional characters into the ultimate team, what would they be?
What are the best detective or thriller or fiction  books to be read?
How much of coincidence is acceptable in fiction?
What's so great about William Faulkner?
What works of contemporary fiction have deep psychological undertones?
How can I publish a fiction novel written in Hindi in India?
Do the Yazidi people have Kurdish names or Arabic names?
What fictional character has had the most stressed life ever?
I'm creating a fictional Empire; which elements must it have to function properly?
Why is chick lit/women's fiction considered a genre? Isn't that kind of sexist?
I just bought 1400 fiction books, what are some unique/creative ways to sell them or make money from them?
In Ernest Hemingway's "The Sun Also Rises", what does it mean when a character is described as being "quite one of us"?
What does in , 'Cometh the hour', "she should have been christened portia" signifies?
How do I read fiction onbooks free online?
What are the most optimistic, awe-inspiring science fiction books you've read?
What are some good short stories to read to middle schoolers?
What are some of the best novels about being an immigrant or a refugee?
What can go through a person's mind when he discovers that his girlfriend and his male roommate are actually one existence with two bodies?
What is the significance of Camp Green Lake in "Holes" by Louis Sachar?
Who do you think is a better leader in Watership Down, Hazel or Big Wig?
Do you know a book that describes some of the most famous science fiction books written?
What are some of the poignant novels ever written?
What is the most plausible fictional depiction of extraterrestrial life to date?
What will a creative fiction author save from his/her house in the event that there is a fire?
If I decide to post my short fiction stories here, will I still be the complete owner according to Quora's Terms and Conditions?
Can I buy fiction books for free?
I want to publish my mystery genre fiction, can anybody suggest me a good publisher for a new writer?
What is your favorite line from any book - fiction or non-fiction?
What fictional characters have the name 'Underwood'?
What is the weakest fictional character/creature that could still wreak havoc on our world if they were real?
What do you think about the book Diary Of An Oxygen Thief?
How remarkable is ASOIAF as a work of fiction?
Would you expect a face replacement device in the future which could change your face with just one button press?
What is the most accurate way to write down yourself as a fictional character?
Are werewolves overdone in fiction?
What kind of fiction books do you recommend and why?
What is a good example of a modern satire (literature)?
Where can I buy second hand fiction books in Ahmedabad, India?
Which are the best romantic fiction of 1980's?
What is the best book of science fiction at present?
How has fiction changed your life?
From where can I downloaded free fiction ebooks?
Would the Harry Potter universe be able to defend itself against the Star Wars universe in an all out war?
Why is feudalism so common in fantasy fiction?
What are some examples of things that originated in fiction but became real?
Other than Galactus, Anti-Monitor and Mandrakk, which fictional characters from anywhere eat planets (With images if possible please)?
Which is the best fiction novel you have ever read?
What are some good science fiction books that describe a future where money does not exist?
Can you recommend some good books (Fiction)?
What else does it take for a fiction author to "make it big" besides a good story?
After the ‘Lost Symbol’, ‘Angels and Daemons’ and ‘The DA Vinci Code’, where next will Robert Langdon head in Dan Brown’s next novel?
What are some interesting creative blogs / websites of ebook self publishers who write fiction?
What are some of the best work of fiction about vampires of all time, both in movies and books?
As I reach 30, why do I prefer to watch documentary films instead of fictions? is it common when you reach 30s?
Do you think Daenerys Targaryen will become the villain in Game of Thrones?
How does reading fiction novels enhance your cognitive efficacy (if it does)?
What villain had the best and most sensible reason to conquer and rule the world?
How different would society be if people could gain the memories of their dead direct ancestors by speaking their names?
What are some of the most overrated novels of all time?
What are some good fiction books of 2016?
Why is thunder and lighting depicted as brothers in various fictional stories?
What are best books over the last 10 years in Indian fiction reflecting Indian middle class attitudes post 1991 reforms?
What are some advanced level fiction/historical fiction books for teens to read?
Which are best fiction books from Chile?
What are some investment and/or Personal Finance lessons that you have learnt from fiction books?
Are there any fictional characters who can manipulate Johan Liebert from "Monster"?
Where can I find online (both fiction & non fiction) books in pdf format?
Can anyone help? I'm looking for a short story I read as an adolescent and don't remember the title or author. It's about a young black or Hispanic blind boy named Raymond whose grandmother makes him a wonderful yellow sweater. It has a heart-wrenching ending.
How could a person seriously believe the super villains of comic book movies are the good guys?
Which book (fiction or non-fiction) is your personal favorite?
I remember "Roots" the miniseries long ago. Was the original true to history or more fiction than fact?
What are the best safe websites to get critiques on your creative writing, such as short stories or chapters of unpublished novels?
Is there a scientific method to prove that something is fiction?
Have you ever seen a character who is more evil than Ramsay Bolton?
What do science fiction authors look for in science fiction books?
It is a cliche when a story ends happily ever after. So if my protagonist is almost going to die, should I keep her alive or kill her?
Fiction: who are the greatest female leaders, commanders, masterminds, or military strategists in any fictional story?
I want to read X-Men comics, though I have never read a single X-Men comic before. Where should I begin?
What is the fastest way to get your written work published?
What is the origin of the prophecy-driven storyline?
What are the marketing techniques one needs to apply for a fiction book to sell?
How do you write good fiction in a country with dubious press freedom? (see comment for question details)
Is hyperspace a fiction or reality?
What are some of the best Cryptography based fiction works?
What are some of the best fiction writing courses online?
Which are good fiction novels similar to Da Vinci Code pertaining to cryptography (solving of codes) and secret history?
Is first person narration more popular for young adult readers (Fiction)?
Is Game of Thrones becoming more fantastical in season 6? Do people find this more or less interesting than the realistic plots?
What type of science fiction novels are enticing to you?
In Borges' short story "Death and the Compass", to what word does the protagonist refer in the following passage? "Even more valuable was a word that Ginzberg used."
What is comparison between fiction and nonfiction?
What are the ingredients of the (fictional) drink Pan-Galactic Gargle Blaster?
Which Tory MP is the closest parallel to fictional character Alan B'Stard from the New Statesman?
Can filmmakers ever combine separate works of fiction into one franchise?
Why are humans almost always portrayed as good in science fiction?
If you could take up any fictional profession which one would you pick?
What are the most popular novels that deal with character hallucination as central theme?
Is there a science fiction book that talks about Catherine Zeta Jones in the introduction?
Are there any podcasts about literature?
Why my parents won't let me read fiction novels, what should I do as I love reading?
How are accents written into fiction?
Is studying sociology and history in college useful for a fantasy fiction writer?
How much money can a first time author of a science fiction novel make?
What are the most essential non fiction books of the last century that someone should search for in a public library?
Which actor has played an American president (fictional or otherwise) the most often?
What are the pros and cons of being a successful author of fiction?
I want to begin writing a science fiction book, but I haven't read enough of them to know what separates the good from the great. Any recommendations?
Have authors had problems by including real life conversations in their fiction, despite the "everything is fictional" statement?
Who were your favorite characters to read and relate to growing up?
Where can I legally read Eragon online for free?
Is a short story fiction or nonfiction?
Why is the book "The Cuckoo's Calling" called cuckoo's calling?
Is it okay to use lots of em dashes in a fiction novel?
Are fictional characters real?
Which are some good philosophy novels to read?
I have just finished writing my first fiction story. Should I apply for a copyright first and then send my manuscript to various publishers?
What are the most famous fictional cities that people don't realize aren't real places?
What is the most misunderstood literary novel?
What are some ideas for names of a fictional artificial intelligence company or robot?
Did Giacomo Casanova write fiction, and if so, what is his most famous work?
What novels have the hottest cunnilingus scenes?
How do you bring fictional characters into this reality or go to their world?
Where can I find The Omen, the book by David Seltzer?
How can I get readers for my  fan fiction stories?
What is the difference between fiction and fantasy in the movies?
Which is the most favourite Fictional character and a fictional book of Harsha Bhogle and why is it so?
Which fictional character should rule the world?
Have there been other stories, fiction or non-fiction, that were written by several writers over a long period of time as the Bible has?
Which are the best crime fiction books?
Do fiction writers turn off Word Autocorrect and/or Autoformat, just live with all the markup on the screen, or make the suggested edits?
What are some of the best novels centred around the life of people during World War 2?
What encourages people to keep going in apocalyptic worlds?
Can we use real people photograph in fictional book?
Who are fictional characters who are great with swords?
Am I wasting my time by reading sci-fi/novels/etc?
Are there non-fiction books that are as interesting as fiction novels?
Why do authors give simple death to the most hateful characters?
I have written a novel which is in editing phase. what are the best ways of marketing so that it becomes a hotcake before hitting the market?
What good books on improving fiction would you recommend to an amateur writer?
Why is it that for some fictional stories, some atheists say that both are equally implausible, but others are able to clearly chose?
Is Buraq (the flying horse) real or fictional in Islamic mythology?
Do you think that Rick Riordan went a bit too far with Percy's powers?
What are some groups of characters, in works of fiction, similar to the lost boys of Peter Pan, in that they are on their own and have a hideout?
I have read no fiction since high school. On what good am I missing out?
Are there any fictional examples of a post-apocalyptic world where tech progress is non-existent and eternally ruled by some backwards empire?
What fictional character resembles Trump the most accurately?
What is the most probable/possible meaning of the fictional name "Wu Ao-Shi"?
What are examples of allegorical fiction?
What is the difference between an android and a humanoid robot?
I am writing a military/war based story, what are some examples of wars where its subjective to the reader who is "good" fictional or real examples?
What theoretical evolutionary steps would a species have to go through to eventually become energy based beings (example: the dredge from Titan A.E)?
How do I read fiction onbooks free online?
Which are some of the coolest looking emblems from fiction?
Are there any great historical novels or modern non-fiction narratives dealing with ancient Israel?
What's the best way for aspiring writers to learn how to analyze fiction books and stories?
What are some of the best science tips?
Is there a fictional killer based on H. H. Holmes?
If you could control any “element” or “force,” what would it be?
What are some examples of must-read modern French fiction?
Do you think mythological fictions take the essence out of mythology or instead give them a new dimension?
Who do you think is a better leader in Watership Down, Hazel or Big Wig?
What are some of the places to pitch/submit stories for a neophyte author (fiction or nonfiction)?
Which science fiction you want to happen in real life?
What is your opinion on this recently released controversial fiction book on Kashmir- ‘The Tree with a Thousand Apples’?
Most books I read, I don't complete reading them unless if they are fiction. How can I fix this issue?
Is it easier for first time writers to get published with fiction or non-fiction material?
Can I buy fiction books for free?
How many people on Quora like to review fiction by Indian authors?
What's the name of the fictional city 13 Reasons Why take place?
Can you recommend a historical/fictional novel that gives a nuanced and compelling depiction of Islam?
What is a good novel set in New York City at the turn of the century (very early 1900s)?
How much character development/depth is there in classical fiction - relative to modern fiction?
How can I make a fictional antagonist likable?
What fictional characters are derived from Doc Savage?
As a fiction writer, have you ever knowingly written something as part of a book or script that you knew was poorly contrived?
How long should fiction writer wait before trying to get published?
Which nationality do you think makes for the best (movie) villains?
Which fiction novel will you recommend to all Quora users?
What will the role of Bran Stark in GoT be?
Which are some of the best crime fiction books?
Who is the most heroic fictional character in existence?
Can it be called a work of fiction if it is (almost) completely based on someone you know?
What are a few clear 'purposes' of fictional or real individuals?
Do Presidents in works of fiction have different vehicles than in real life?
What was the name of that cartoon about three identical triplets who wears the same grey overalls but different colors of shirt?
Do you fill out fictional character profiles, or do you simply write?
Why is growth so important for fictional characters since in real life so many people just do not grow whatever happens?
What are some great, original, unique science-fiction/fantasy stories, books, or comics you would recommend for a person to read? The more recent, the better.
Guys, do you have any fiction books about Opium Wars in PDF you can share with me?
Can you name one great science fiction short story writer?
Is it normal for a kid to sometimes believe they are their fictional character?
In literature, what is interpretive fiction?
Would it be a good idea to have a TV series with multiple seasons based on Lord of the Rings, The Hobbit and The Silmarillion?
Do fiction writers often edit the wiki of their books?
I write erotic fiction to get myself off. How eccentric is this sexual taste?
Would a lethal poison as cyanide lose some effectiveness because it was brewed several years ago?
Does multiverse theory imply that there could be a world with people with powers like the ones from any fantasy or science fiction movie?
I have a story idea, but I'm not a fiction writer. I just want to read it. Can I just publicly write the idea for any author that wants to take it?
What are some good names for a fictional heaven?
Which fictional character do you find most inspiring, and why?
Who would be the best leader out of Superman, Batman, Captain America, And Iron Man?
What are the best fiction books about our universe being a computer simulation?
What's a good site for posting fiction?
What fictional baddie would you most like to be?
How do companies feel when trademarks become fictional characters? For example, the rejuvenated Gap Dragon in Xanth was named Stanley Steamer by Ivy.
In the Secret History, was Henry really trying to kill Charles towards the end of the story?
What do you think of the Nine Sins in roleplay?
People rave about how effective reading is at improving one’s intelligence. In your opinion, which are the best genres and books to start reading?
Why would aliens in work of fictions become rogue?
What are some tips for someone who is about to have their fictional novel published?
Is it okay to make a villain silly rather than threatening?
Why are people drawn to criminal fiction?
When preparing for TOEFL, should I read fiction or nonfiction books?
What are some of the best work of fiction about vampires of all time, both in movies and books?
Why is Asimov's dialogue-heavy style of writing so uncommon in fiction?
What is the different between science and science fiction?
What are some good fictional or non-fictional philosophical novels about life, relationships, and human nature?
Do you think Daenerys Targaryen will become the villain in Game of Thrones?
How do contemporary fiction authors deal with new technology like conversation via text or Snapchat when writing?
What are some good names for a fictional modern city?
You can go into one fictional universe of your choosing. What would your role be in this world, and how would it affect the characters and plot?
What is the most powerful fictional government of any medium?
If a woman has suffered several losses in her life, what would her mental condition be? (fictional example)
Why don't aliens have any answer to nuclear weapons in movies?
What is your view about 24 (2016 Indian tamil science fiction thriller film) written and directed by Vikram Kumar?
What is the best way to be intentional about becoming a better fiction writer? What should a writer focus on while following advice to "just write"?
"I've had 'blank' for breakfast, I've had 'blank' for ... and I'll be damned if I don't have(/it is) 'blank' for dinner/supper". What is this from?
Why is the best fiction always based on reality?
When writing a book, can you set it in a fictional place in the real world?
Which books should I read if I love fiction?
What are the best fiction books for a quiet teenager?
If you were suddenly transported to the world of Game of Thrones, what would you do?
Is your worldview defined more, less, or equally by facts or fictional stories?
What are the best military science fiction books?
What are some tips for writing dystopic fiction?
Time travel is a popular theme in fiction, however, it tends to always have negative outcomes. Is there a reason for that?
How do you define a space opera as opposed to other forms of science fiction?
What is the most interesting book (fiction or non-fiction) you have read recently? and why did you find it appealing?
What are some must read fiction stories?
What are some non-fictional books about fantasy that are worth reading?
How does someone get work as a fiction book cover designer?
Who is the most adorable fictional character you've ever seen?
What are the strengths and weaknesses of my manuscript outline?
Do physicists write science fiction books?
Which For Dummies book is best for advice on writing fiction?
You have proposed better pop culture Muslim portrayals for increased acceptance. What is an example in recent fiction that you have come across?
That lion is king of the cats, what’s the equivalent for “king of the goats”?
In some fiction, a character's body is slammed against a concrete wall which cracks it or breaks it with their back. Is this possible in real life?
Have you ever seen a character who is more evil than Ramsay Bolton?
Are there any dystopias in fiction you strangely envy?
How are autistic people portrayed in fiction?
What are some interesting fictional computers?
What is a posh, classy sounding city name?
What are the main characteristics of fiction books?
What would be a future (science fiction or otherwise) fastest mode of ground transportation?
How do I indicate a fictional character is part Indian with a mother from India?
What is the greatest non-fictional siege?
I want to author a fantasy fiction novel but I have never written a book before.How do I write & publish a book successfully?
Fictional detectives always seem to have criminal archnemeses. Have there been any real-life examples of this, or is it just in fiction?
Fiction: who are the greatest female leaders, commanders, masterminds, or military strategists in any fictional story?
I am stuck at a point of my fiction. It's been 5 years and I am not able to write further. What should I do to get ideas?
What are the ten best thought/fleshed out science fiction universes (books)?
How would a orbital platform in science fiction be created?
How can I sell my fictional and non fictional articles? If blogs buy articles, do they publish the author's name?
What are some of the best Cryptography based fiction works?
Do you think Terra-forming will be a reality or it will only remain an aspect of Science Fiction?
If you could live in any fictional universe, with the stipulation of it being present day, which would you choose? Why?
Is science a fiction?
What are your top 5 favorite historical fiction movies?
Why might someone not enjoy fictional books but enjoy fictional movies?
Are there any examples of fictional dictatorships having state-authorised criminality?
What are some weapons in works of fiction that can only target alien physiology?
What should I name a fictional drug which counteracts the rejection of cybernetic prostheses?
Does fiction ever have a political impact?
What do you find more interesting: fact or fiction?
Do the kind of fiction characters we like (good or evil) describe who we are?
What are the all time top 100 best selling authors' books for fiction including plays and poems that you have read?
What does the book facts and fiction written by Mark reveals?
Where can I find bizarre texts that only exist on the internet?
What is the most transformative experience you have had with a piece of fiction? It may be a book, a movie, a play, video game, you name it.
At the end of Season 6, is Sansa jealous about Jon being named King in the North?
What are some of the best science fiction books that have to deal with branding and or marketing hijinks?
What are some funny or interesting, but original loglines you can write?
How do I form the demonyms of fictional planets and cities in Dutch?
Do you know any fictional works about the birth of language?
What motivates Adam Haslett to write fiction?
What abilities can be expected from superpowered fictional animals?
Is there a trend of pop fiction in Kannada literature?
What are your favorite fiction novels, novellas or short stories that you recommend to others?
I want to write a short fiction story. Could you give me any writing and/or content idea?
Who would lead an imaginary evil army raised from the depths of history and fiction?
Why are most Star Wars fans so vehemently opposed to the idea of midichlorians?
Where does science stop and science fiction start?
What is an example of a legal fiction?
What film TV show/book that you have watched/read had the best structure and plot?
Lacking inspiration, can readable, interesting fiction be created using only the mechanical rules?
What is meta-fiction? Why is it considered to be a characteristic feature of postmodernism?
The lightsaber is the coolest fictional weapon ever. How do you create a cool weapon like this for the fictional world?
Being a multi-genre author, is it an advantage or disadvantage?
What are some good free online fiction writing courses?
Are publishers willing to publish Islamic fiction?
What are some good ideas to write a fiction book about?
Are all of Tom Freeman's answers fictional?
Which “great“ works of fiction bored you and why?
What other fictional or non fictional characters talk like general iroh?
How long does philosophical fiction need to be (word count)?
In fiction writing, is it okay to write a villain character who will turn out to be a hero later on?
Why do we believe the story when watching a movie, even though we know it's a work of fiction?
Does reading fiction help aspies with reading other people's emotions?
Which science fiction book had as its main character a police woman with gene-modified super skin, and there was a whale hooked in their "internet"?
What is the fictional address of Gafoor Ka Dosth?
What is the best fictional character in Tamil?
Which fiction/non-fiction writing blogs do you know of and recommend?
What are some fantasy/fiction books you really enjoyed?
What are the best Indian fiction novels for beginners?
Does reading fiction really affect and help in fostering students of English vocabulary in writing?
When I say I hate fangirls because they drool over celebrities and gush over fictional character relationships ("shipping"), does that make me sexist?
What exactly is "interactive fiction" and how does it engage people?
How does Cersei hope to win by declaring war on House Tyrell?
Should I take notes for fiction books?
Why is "The Great Gatsby" considered fiction?
Are we on the brink of another battle between the United North under Jon Snow, and the knights of the Vale commandeered by Lord Petyr Baelish?
Has your favorite fictional book, movie or tale revealed something about who you are?
What are some references to fictional colors that exist in literature?
What are some pink pig creatures in works of fiction?
Are you entertained more by the real world or by fiction? Are people in general inclined to favor one over the other?
What are the pros and cons of narrative fiction?
What are some fictional books or movies with narcoleptic characters?
What are some of the best science fiction, fantasy, mystery, psychological, and dystopian novels to read?
How can I create a fictional narrative story?
Has anyone gone through darkness but initially was in light but again came back to the light?
Can you recommend some authors with a similar style to Maeve Binchy?
Who is your favourite non-fiction author?
What are a few fiction novels about entrepreneurs?
Are there any books with an immortal person that writes a biography about his last 4000 years experience?
What is the appeal and value of science fiction?
Have there been other stories, fiction or non-fiction, that were written by several writers over a long period of time as the Bible has?
How do I begin writing fiction stories?
Do fiction writers turn off Word Autocorrect and/or Autoformat, just live with all the markup on the screen, or make the suggested edits?
If you could rename the Percy Jackson books, what would you rename them as?
Are Villains a thing of the past in fiction now?
Are there any fantasy or historical fiction novels inspired by the silk route?
Is Totto-Chan a work of fiction or non-fiction?
Is there an encyclopedia that surveys the most original ideas in science fiction?
Why is Mary Jane name is used for so many fictional characters?
In novels, can a character have multiple foils?
What is a secret about an original fictional character that your readers will never know about?
What are some friendly or cute robots in fiction?
When is a society a fiction of former glories- how ineffective is heritage weaving when it's no longer connecting identity to a sense of achievement?
What should I know about doctors so my fictional characters will be believable?
Is there ever an instance where an autobiography would be considered a work of fiction?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of having an ambiguous timeline when writing science fiction based in the future?
Can you suggest publishing houses in Melbourne that print historical fiction?
What bookstores in Tokyo have the best selection of Chinese-language books (especially fiction)?
Is there a modern equivalent of Weird Tales?
What is an example of a plot-driven story vs. a character-driven one?
Does having a good understanding of science make it harder to write science fiction novels?
Is the whole of mathematics a fiction created to make sense of the reality?
What are the greatest examples of autism in the fictional media?
Would "Nine princes in Amber" become as recognized and famous if it were published today?
If you had unlimited money, how would you develop a fictional country in Bir Tawil?
What are the most interesting depictions of Asgard or Valhalla in modern fiction?
When I'm narrating a fictional story, should I describe all the settings in the story itself, and what should I avoid?
What do fans of medieval history and fantasy fiction need to know and keep in mind in order to differentiate the two?
How did fictional people make his or her mythic weapons?
Why is Robinson Crusoe regarded as marking the beginning of realistic fiction?
What are the tips to write a successful book of fiction?
Where did this fiction come from that Sarah Palin is stupid? I know elections are important to Democrats, but it's bullying to write off people like this.
What is women fiction?
Who is / what is the origin of the fictional character named 白風之痕?
Do publishers prefer crime novels set in fictional towns/boroughs (legally speaking)?
Can I trademark the title of my fiction novel series?
Am I the only one who thinks that David Brent is quite possibly one of the most relatable fictional characters of all time?
How did people first start thinking about personal force field? How were they seen then?
Could you be put into a coma if hit in the head hard enough with baseball bat?
What are some good fiction books based in Bangalore?
What is the best fictional book for a 12-year-old who is reading adult books?
If a group of people read the same story book of fiction, would the scenes they create with their imaginations be similar to each other?
What kinds of Indian books do you like to read in terms of genre? Does India have a great fictional fantasy book?
What are the pros and cons of providing chapter titles in a novel?
What are some best practices for fiction writers creating diverse characters, and avoiding tokenism?
What's a good disaster-prepper fiction book? One with a good plot but without blatant gear advertisements.
I LOVED The Martian and liked Saturn Run. These are my first forays into science fiction novels. Any suggestions for similar books?
Is Jaqen H'ghar a mind reader?
How do fiction authors feel about people pointing out their typos? Would they prefer a review, an email or a note to their editor?
In Tolkien's fictional world, what are humans better at than any other race?
What makes some fictional characters endearing even though they would be obnoxious in real life?
Can anyone tell exactly how smart Bobby Axelrod from the TV show Billions is?
What are the biggest changes you've noticed about science fiction conventions over time? Which do you find positive, and which do you find negative?
Why does science fiction exist? What purpose does it serve?
Why do so few fan fiction readers ever offer commentary and critiques when this is meant to be the whole point?
What is a good fiction book to read at the 7th and 8th grade levels?
I want to publish my mystery genre fiction, can anybody suggest me a good publisher for a new writer?
If you could choose someone else to be the next POTUS, alive or dead, real or fictional, who would it be and why?
Which superhero would you want to marry, and why?
What makes a great historical fiction novel?
Are there any non fictional humans that have lived who are arguably more famous than Jesus?
How do I publish my fiction work?
What factors make a fiction author's output more or less rapid?
What is the weakest fictional character/creature that could still wreak havoc on our world if they were real?
Should I only write fiction about what I know?
Which are some animals only limited to fiction and do not exist in reality?
Who are some of the smartest fictional characters?
Is time manipulation powerful magic? Why or why not?
What could be inferred about Pious Augustus' life in 26 BC/BCE?
I want to be good at drawing from my imagination but I have no experience. How do I start?
What do you think about the book Great Again: The Fight for Freedom?
What would a society with zero privacy for anyone, including the elites, be like?
Is it typically necessary to practice Chekhov's gun to write good short story fiction?
What is realistic fiction? What are some known realistic fiction writers?
What are some good fiction story ideas for teens?
Was Oba Schalk/Rahl suffering from a mental or personality disorder?
What is it like to be an editor (fiction)?
What is the name of the narrator of "Justine," the first volume of the Alexandrian Quartet by Lawrence Durrell? Is the name ever spoken?
Could anyone suggest me some good fiction/mystery novels which are gripping and interesting?
Among English language non-fiction writers, whose style is your favorite?
What are some good fiction novels written by people with 160+ IQs?
What are best medieval history fiction books?
If you can hang out with any fictional character for 24 hours, who would you pick and why?
What are some reputed Hindi fiction publishers in India and what are their email addresses?
Can you recommend some advanced fiction books for the purposes of vocabulary building?
I just found out my 12 yr old daughter is reading anime fan fiction stories (on her phone) with a lesbian theme. I'm not sure what I should do.
Which are the best fiction books available online?
What is a good example of a modern satire (literature)?
Can a blind person become proficient in aikido, like Bram in the Amsterdam Assassin Series?
Are there major science fiction stories about a religiously-motivated alien invasion besides Halo?
What is William Gaddis's literary legacy?
Which are the best romantic fiction of 1980's?
Why can't people have fish daemons?
What is the best book of science fiction at present?
Why do so many people love fictional super heroes?
In Game of Thrones S06 E09: Now that a traitor (Sansa) is ruling Winterfell, will King's Landing attack the North to take it back?
I have an idea for a story, but have never written more than two to three pages of fiction. How can I improve my writing?
Speculative fiction in general: Is there a difference between "dimension" and "plane of existence"?
What are some good fiction novels with feminism as a theme?
Is the preference of fictional character related to the lover's personality?
Who is the favorite non-fiction author of Jared Kushner?
What's the oddest way you've been introduced to a work of fiction you ended up loving?
What makes an amazing writer?
Is it good if you feel vulnerable when you write fiction?
Who would win in a fight between Sapphira from the Inheritance Cycle and Smaug?
What is your favorite work of fiction of 2016?
What would be a good (preferably punny or portmanteauish) name for a book club that reads historical fiction?
Have you ever read Cyberpunk Science Fiction?
Does art need ideology?
What are some interesting creative blogs / websites of ebook self publishers who write fiction?
What was the first Deus Ex Machina in history?
What are my chances of making a living off of rapping and writing fiction?
How would you explain the quote below using a fictional story-In the short run the market is a voting machine,In the long run it’s a weighing machine?
Is there such a thing as being too immersed in your fictional setting or characters?
What are some of the Doraemon gadgets that you want to have?
What fictional character is the oldest?
What separates popular amateur fiction from unknown amateur fiction, even when both groups have "bad" writing?
Do benefits of reading fiction include fanfiction?
If you could steal other people’s souls to live forever, would you? What would you turn into?
Why do many people like psychopathic fictional characters?
What are some books like Rose of No Man's Land?
What are fiction books that take place in Scotland?
Have you ever gotten so involved writing a story about a fictional character that the character's personality started to merge with your own?
What's the difference between reading fiction vs. non-fiction, psychologically?
How hard can it be writing your first novel that is fictional? Especially getting the motivation that keeps going off fast?
Is stephen hawkins just a science fiction writer dealing with space?
What are some of the traders/investors/analysts who turned into successful fiction writers?
Why is thunder and lighting depicted as brothers in various fictional stories?
Who do you think is the best fictional writer?
Which series of books should I read first among A Song of Ice and Fire, The Lord of the Rings and The Godfather?
If you could create your own fictional political party, what would it be?
What fictional characters would you invite to eat dinner with and why?
Which is more fictitious, religion or science?
(Spoilers welcome) Who are some narcissistic characters in literary fiction? Specifically cite detailed examples and titles of books.
Has any fictional series been written about India's special security services, the RAW, the CRPF or the Gorkhas?
What is the relationship between Indian English fiction and globalization?
(Season 6 Episode 9) How will the Freys and Lannisters react to the Starks taking back Winterfell?
What are some statistics about Interactive Fiction?
Are there any good programs for making maps?
What made you become an accomplished fiction writer?
Is readership of literary fiction declining? If so, why?
Could you suggest some fictional and non fictional novels that are helpful to improve English and aren’t boring?
Can you suggest me some good fiction books to read?
What responsibilities do/should fiction writers take into consideration when writing?
Who is the most selfish character in Game of Thrones?
Non-fiction vs Fiction? Which one is better?
Who and what is Dagan Harris?
Do I have to have an external conflict in my book, or can it be completely within the main characters psyche?
What can be the best classic fiction books to read for a 25-year old to start with reading?
What is the best fiction book available on Amazon?
Can a fictional character choke you if you say they aren't real?
It is a cliche when a story ends happily ever after. So if my protagonist is almost going to die, should I keep her alive or kill her?
Is the book "Number the Stars" by Lois Lowry fiction or nonfiction, and why?
Is there any written work of fiction that retells a story from the Bible in a really interesting and creative way?
Where can I hire a cheap editor for fiction novels?
Who is your favorite not-so-famous fiction author?
How do you write good fiction in a country with dubious press freedom? (see comment for question details)
Can we have a topic for Science Fiction (Books)?
What are some tips regarding writing stronger characters in fiction?
What are all the known spells and their uses from the whole Harry Potter series?
Has anybody ever written Interactive Fiction for Choice of Games? If so, how was it?
What is benefit of reading science fiction book?
In contemporary or historical fiction, is it better to use specific, real places, or a vague or fictional town?
What fiction books changed how you view the world?
Can sign language be used to 'read' someone a piece of literary classic (or any fiction, really)?
How did your journey as a fiction writer​ start?
What are the dangers, if any, of fictionalizing events in the lives of actual historical characters?
How do I improve my connection with my fictional characters to write them believably?
What are some of your favorite examples of poorly written, unintentionally funny, or just plain awful exposition in books, television or movies?
How is this for a first science fiction-superhero novel- Nova Academy, by Scott Olen Reid?
What are the ingredients of the (fictional) drink Pan-Galactic Gargle Blaster?
What is a good fiction to nonfiction reading ratio?
What is meant by aerial fiction?
Can someone suggest me the fellowship of writters?
If you could kill any fictional character, who would you choose and how would their death effect the rest of the story?
What are some substantive fiction books?
Why are humans almost always portrayed as good in science fiction?
What is the best Flash Fiction Story that you can write?
What's the best way to stay on top of critically-acclaimed contemporary fiction releases?
When science fiction stories talk about alien technology being made of an unknown "element," shouldn't it really be an unknown alloy or compound?
Are there any podcasts about literature?
How can fictional characters, like Macbeth, inform our behavior in the 21st century?
Why my parents won't let me read fiction novels, what should I do as I love reading?
What is the difference in purpose between a fiction and nonfiction book?
What are some books with LGBT+ characters that are not explicitly about LGBT+ issues?
What fiction features a dictator protagonist?
Would you read a romantic love novel or a science fiction novel or a mythological fiction novel?
Is the list of 5 characters that survive according to GRRM's original plan for ASOIAF still relevant?
I want to get back reading good gripping fiction book. It's been a while, what are the latest you suggest?
Your profile picture meets your favorite fictional character. What happens?
Who were your favorite characters to read and relate to growing up?
Who are the top TEN fiction writers writing in English in Malaysia judging by awards won and reviews?
Is it bad to have unrealistic characters in fiction?
What are some of your favorite science fiction novels that give great (pedagogical) examples of physics?
What are some great inventions that can turn science fiction into reality?
Who is your favorite fictional villain? What character traits led to this decision and how do they blend or contrast with the work's mood?
Is there any legal risk for a fictional character owning real entities?
Why is the book "The Cuckoo's Calling" called cuckoo's calling?
When is Dominique Weasleys birthday? I’m writing some fan fiction and it would be really helpful if I knew this.
Is reading fictional novels important to life? How, and why?
What advice is there for writers seeking a topic or plot for their first full-length fiction or non-fiction book? See if you can surprise me!
What does Ezekiel Jones love gold or Ezekiel Jones?
Why are people so obsessed with the "classics" in regard to fiction? Is it a way of validating their intelligence?
What is your review of Scream 2 (1997 movie)?
What is the most intimidating fictional character you can think of?
If you could dance with any fictional character, who would you dance with?
Was The Scarlet Pimpernel the first fictional vigilante with a costume and a secret identity?
What 3 pieces of advice would you give to a person who wants to do fiction writing?
How are dragons reproduced in GOT? Will there be other dragons in GOT ?
What are some good books about spies (fiction) that preferably involve LGBT characters?
How do I send a cease and desist letter for inappropriate usage of my likeness and image in a realistic fiction novel?
What should I know about writing a fictional character who is a young transgender woman?
Does it make sense to read fiction if I'm into business?
What happen between Gordon and Stoner at the end?
Is fiction from books and movies influencing  people  to have high expectations in life?
What is the fastest fictional thing?
What is the most horrifying fictional infectious disease?
What are some touching and uplifting fiction books about the human spirit and it's goodness?
What is a gravity well in science fiction?
What is a great tagline for a fictional brewery?
If you could pull three fictional characters out of any book, who would it be and why?
What is the difference between fiction and fantasy in the movies?
How can I get a educational, non-fictional book published?
If you were allowed to kill one fictional character, which one would it be?
What​ are some fictional stories that you have created with other people?
Is pothi.com profitable for a debut non fiction author?
Has television surpassed novels as the source for the most interesting and thought-provoking discussions amongst educated people?
What is the greatest inconsistency in the DC Universe?
How come Western movies focus on different aspects like science fiction, war, and why most of the Indian films lack such different perspective?
What is dark fantasy genre?
What would make a really cool fictional international villain, and what evil deed is he planning to undertake?
Who is the Indian Sherlock Holmes, fictional or non-fictional?
What is your fictional modern day country?
What do you like the most about Sherlock Holmes?
Can we use real people photograph in fictional book?
Which speedsters from fiction are second to speedforce users and similiar characters with impossible speeds? How fast are they?
Star Wars (creative franchise): Why does Kylo Ren's light saber look like multiple strands of electricity?
Quorans of Color: How can a white author approach diversity in fiction?
What are some aspects of a beautiful short story?
What qualities make a fictional character a Mary Sue and how to avoid it?
What are the saddest villain deaths in fiction ever?
Is everything in real life lamer than fiction?
Who are you most envious of—real or fictional—and why?
Can anyone suggest books by Indian authors of science fiction to help compare my work of fiction in progress?
Book 1 of a 4-part book series is quite dark, and lays down the foundation of that universe. In literature, what should be the tone of Book 2?
How strange would the first name Pixel be in medieval times for a fictional story?
I had published a fiction earlier. The contract has expired & the rights are back with me. Can I now approach other publishers to republish the novel?
What are some examples of the 7 elements of fiction?
How would it be possible to levitate large objects and crafts, such as the fictional ones shown in these pictures?
What books have a "Chapter 0"?
Why would someone like only realistic fiction books?
Where can I learn how to write fiction?
Which work of fiction best explore China as the only new and only superpower?
What are the best non fictional books on travel and adventure?
I am writing my fantasy story. What fictional characters do you know that are new to some person's ear?
I'm writing a parody of all the YA fiction cliches out there. What are some ideas?
What are the features of a good science fiction book?
Who is the man walking away from the camera in the game of thrones season 6 episode 10 preview?
Which fictional game character would you enlist in your personal army and why?
What are the top ten fiction books you would suggest an avid book lover to read?
Which are the best "latest" science fiction movies?
What's the most difficult to read science fiction book?
Are there any good fellowships for emerging fiction writers in India?
Why is literature so important?
What are some movies, stories or novels in which the character forgets about the boundary of fiction and non-fiction?
What are the best free international fiction writing competition in North America?
Do you have some suggestions on how to research properly before writing a (i) fiction (ii) non fiction book?
Are there any science fiction media that feature an independent brain as a character?
Are there any fiction books that depict a discipline, organized and intelligent character?
How do I start a story when all I can come up with are the main plot points and how it ends? Also, how do I bridge those main plot points?
What is the difference between a novel and a fiction?
What are some science fiction stories about benevolent artificial Intelligence?
Is it insulting to survivors to write a historical fiction novel about the holocaust?
Who are your favourite philosophical fiction writers? And why?
What is it like to be a fiction writer?
Have any writers ever held their characters hostage?
What should I do before writing a fictional book?
What was the first science fiction/fantasy book you ever read?
Why is popular fiction dismissed as socially and politically conservative? How is it socially & politically conservative? Why might others disagree?
What are some good ideas for a fiction story?
Is it ethical to pen down some excerpts very loosely based on historical events in a fiction novel?
What reward is Littlefinger getting in exchange for helping Sansa to reclaim Winterfell?
What is the process like for turning an idea into a novel and how to keep at it without banging your head against a wall?
Are there fiction writers or wannabe fiction writers willing to work with me as a team?
Can any one suggest good fiction novels?
What's a non-fiction book that can be compared to "Animal Farm"?
If a fictional character that you have a crush on appears in your home and demands that you marry them, would you do it?
What is your favorite line from any book - fiction or non-fiction?
What is a great dark fantasy book series for me to read?
What annoys you when reading zombie fiction?
Who is a better writer? Richard Dawkins or Charles Dickens?
What was the science fiction of the Renaissance period?
How risky is it to write a fiction set in Medieval England with heavy fantastic elements?
What are some good documentaries about fiction writers?
What are some good examples of Chinese contemporary urban fiction?
How do you read?
Why aren't there many science fiction games?
Could you please recommend to me some imaginative science fiction authors that are female and little known?
What makes a fictional story incredibly great and captivating to the reader?
What are some fiction novels that begin as several unrelated stories that slowly come together at the end?
What is the best fictional character?
How do you get through a book in one day?
Where should you start when writing a fictional book?
Who is the most tragically screwed over character in fiction?
Did the deaths in "1000 ways to die" really happen like they claim, or are they all fictional?
What is some science fiction on an epic scale like Dune?
How would you feel if you could break the 4th wall as a fictional character?
How do I write fiction faster?
If you were offered a new wardrobe, but it had to be derived from a work of fiction, which would it be?
If you were to send one fiction book to an alien civilization, on the purpose of showing as much as possible about humanity, wich would you choose?
Who is the most terrifying fictional sociopath and why?
Which is best non fiction book in psychology?
Which books (fiction or non fiction) provide a good description of life in rural India?
What is the best hard science fiction book of all time?
Are there any true utopias in fiction?
Will there be an Injustice movie after the Justice League series?
Why do fiction books bore certain people?
How does one design characters, plots, conflict within a fictional world that closely resembles our own?
What is your reason for writing serious fiction?
Why was the 'Golden Age of Science Fiction' named as such?
Why was Jon Snow's giant not better equipped in the Battle of the Bastards?
If you could bring one single type of technology from fiction, what would it be?
Who are some contemporary, literary fiction writers of note in Hindi and what are some of their recent books?
What are some of the precautions to take when writing a fanfiction?
Trace the development of modern English fiction with specific reference to the major shifts in literacy perspective during the nineteenth century?
What is some good and (mostly) historically accurate fiction set in ancient Mesopotamia?
What are the biggest civilizations of fiction in terms of population?
What are the best fiction/story books about Project Management (ex. The Phoenix Project)?
Would it be a bad idea to name my (fictional) daughter Chell?
Can I use a popular quote in my contemporary fiction novel?
Where can I publish fictional love story?
Would a book labeled as alternative fiction put you off buying it?
There's yellow peril science fiction of China/Japan conquering the western world, is there any 'brown peril' fiction of Indians conquering the west?
Who is your favorite not-so-famous non-fiction writer?
What type of character would be the most effective as a vessel in introducing readers to a fictional world?
If Percy Jackson had accepted godhood what would he be god of?
Why is Henry Fielding sometimes considered the father of the English novel?
Which are the best fictional stories you have ever come up with?
In your opinion what are the top five most powerful science fiction universes?
Why do many women have trouble understanding that Prince Charming is a work of fiction?
Are there any good books (both fiction and non-fiction) about the Trans-siberian railway?
What are some great fiction books about depression?
What are the other radical leftist science fiction writers like Ursula K. Le Guin, Iain Banks and Ken MacLeod?
Is Ramayana a fact or fiction? Some archaeology department evidences prove it is true, if so how did the author write up the story?
If you could choose one fictional character (any media) to rule your country, who would it be and why?
What are the best Gujarati classic fiction books?
Is intellectual property protected on blogs?
How do we even know if there is an intergalactic catastrophe coming for us if we only see back in time through a telescope?
Can I register my company name under a fictional character or object from an anime?
Science Fiction Writers: What advice could you give a young writer about writing in the Science Fiction genre?
Can someone sue you for mentioning his product/fictional character in a video?
What are the best adult fiction novels you can read in a day?
Apart from Darth Vader, Voldemort, Mr. Burns, and Ebenezer Scrooge, which fictional characters would be Trump supporters?
What are some good fiction books about law?
Can you identify this science fiction story?
Is Zeppelin / Blimp considered steampunk or dieselpunk?
What are the most enlightening books of fiction you've read?
I'm 18 and I want to write a fiction novel, is that silly?
How much are writing contest judges paid?
In which short story does a spy defeat an assassin by tricking him to jump out a window?
Which novels mislead readers the best?
Why do some adults like YA fiction? There are some really trashy writing in that genre.
Are the Jerry Springerish situations presented in some Quora questions for real? Either way, how do you know?
Is there any fiction novel in which girl has a love failure?
How can I tell if a fiction book is worth reading without reading it?
What's next for Jon Snow?
What science fiction television shows would you use to teach students about character development or plot?
If a place on Earth catered to aliens (fictional place on fictional earth), would the place be called exotic by other people, humans, and/or aliens?
How would you describe the character of evolution, if you anthropomorphized it?
Is western history built on fictional novels?
Is Ramayanam fiction or a real story?
Which piece of fiction or other intellectual property do you want to see made into a play or musical?
If you found out werewolves were real, would you kill them, befriend them, study them, or ignore them?
What is the best science fiction movie of the past 5 years and why?
What are classic examples of journalism (non-fiction) addressing absurdity?
What is the worst, most disgusting and gross fan fiction ever written?
What are the difference between a traditional literature and a modern fiction?
Similar weapons to lightsabers, wands, swords, and knives? 
What CEF level of English is needed to write a fiction book?
I'd like to read a speculative fiction book about Californian Native Americans. Are there any?
What is the difference between urban fantasy, paranormal fiction and science fiction?
What is the most powerful fictional race?
Who is the fastest superpowered character whose speed does not allow for intangibility, time travel, duplicates and such? What is his/her speed?
What villains have specific plans if they succeeded in taking over the world?
Can Batman kill Superman?
If Batman can take down the Justice League or Superman all by himself, then why isn't he the most powerful character in Dc Universe?
What are the marketing techniques one needs to apply for a fiction book to sell?
If you met your favourite fictional character, what would you say to them?
Is it absurd to admire a fictional character and to wish they were real and were your friend?
What fiction features a future authoritarian world revolution?
Can looking at images on greetings cards inspire fiction stories for children? I really enjoy looking at pictures.
Is hyperspace a fiction or reality?
What are some funny repetitve things you do as a writer of fiction?
What is the best Indian science fiction story you can come up with?
How is the book 'Swiss Family Robinson' a work of historical fiction?
What are some examples of notable writers who only wrote in their spare time?
Which was the one fictional character you fell in love with?
What books (fictional/non-fictional/autobiographies) you would recommend to a beginner?
Is it a bad idea to incorporate my political beliefs into my fiction?
Why are so many fictional schools named after William McKinley?
Why do I feel attracted to evil characters in fiction?
What book publishers of young adult fiction would you recommend?
Would calculating characters like Tyrion, Baelish, and Varys have attempted to leave the Great Sept sooner, noticing Cersei and Tommen's absence?
What would popular fictional characters answer to the question, "What was your greatest regret?"?
What are some realistic tactical backgrounds for females in federal agencies and the military?
Should we expect a space warfare soon?
Is it a good idea to read novels while preparing for finals?
What books best depict the culture of Belize? How do they do it so well?
What works of literary fiction also feature photography?
Can humans control the wind? I've seen it in movies thou but I keep wondering if it's mere fiction or an image of the real thing.
Is Superman the best fictional hero of all time? Why or why not?
Is there any superhero or a fictional character whose main ability or power is a superpowered car or a vehicle?
What's the place of science fiction as a genre in literature?
Who is the favorite fiction author of Jared Kushner?
What are some good books in philosophical-fiction genre?
What are the fiction books that leave a smile on your face after you have read them?
Do I need a book editor for an educational non fiction book?
Is it possible that this fictional parasite could reduce humanity to only a few hundred million strong?
How can I engage directly with my readers and run discussions about my fiction novel, The Favored Son?
What are fictional characters and how are they developed?
What are some well known villains from fiction with no humanity?
Why is the movie industry bringing more sequels and fiction?
What are the best verses that were ever written for a fictional religion?
Have authors had problems by including real life conversations in their fiction, despite the "everything is fictional" statement?
How would a work of romance fiction written by an author who's never been in a relationship differs from those written by experienced ones?
What should a person do if he is creative in making words (like novels, jokes, poems, songs, linings, fictional stories, etc.), but doesn’t have money?
Why am I not able to read fictions?
What are the most important fiction books in history?
Do leftists not complain about exclusively attractive lesbians in fiction because it helps their agenda? We never see dykes in fiction.
Are there any fiction writers or screenwriters who work freelance or at their own pace?
Which strongest fictional character could you solo?
Isn't The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy overrated?
Is it immaturity of people who write up 1000 words answer about powers & weaknesses of fictional superhero characters and have a discussion on it?
What are some books about Louisiana Voodoo?
How would people and the world be different if works of fiction did not exist?
Can reading fiction improve cultural awareness?
How do you find time to read everything?
What are some ideas for names of a fictional artificial intelligence company or robot?
What is the name of a short story about aliens offering to fix earth’s problems by taking control for a long time?
Why would a person write fiction?
What do you think about fiction setting the bar too high for reality?
What is the exact meaning of "write a fictional account of XYZ Situation"? Should it be in a form of story?
Where can I find free fiction, aside from ficfun.com?
Are there any novels like sports fiction?
When a soul leaves a dead body, is it painless in fictional worlds?
Does science fiction element makes a movie entertaining?
Is it really bad for a hero to have "too much power"?
What are some places of great magical power in work of fictions?
Which fictional characters would you have loved to have gone to school with?
Who is the one fictional character you wish to become for the remaining of your life?
I want to read an Elena Ferrante book, what should I start with?
How do I make my fiction flow seamlessly?
What are some good fictional short story books?
Which fiction writers and works had or have the most accurate predictions or portrayals of the future?
Does fiction reflect reality? Or does it distort reality?
Who is your favorite fictional deity?
How has science fiction affected the development of modern day technology?
I wrote a romantic fiction novella of about 27,000 words, do you think it is really short? How much words should it have at least?
What is the best fictional story involving parallel universes?
What are some works of fiction that depict a battle royal or (non-)zero-sum game?
As a professional psychologist, how would you diagnose the characters in Game of Thrones?
How would you react if you discovered that all fictional characters are real creatures living in alternate realities whose existence depends on us?
Is writing speculative fiction dying as a career?
What do prolific storytellers on Quora make of the fact that "truth is stranger than fiction"?
What is the strongest fantasy element?
Were Henning Mankell and Steig Larsson greatly influenced by the books of Per Wahloo and Maj Sjowall?
What is DC multiverse?
What fiction realistically portrays future war?
What is the most interesting book, either fiction or non-fiction, you have ever read? Why?
Should a fiction writer take a job writing nonfiction?
What fiction authors are writing Medium Series?
How do readers bond with fictional characters?
If you had to pick 5 fictional characters to live with for the rest of your life, who would they be?
Richard Muller: What books (both Fiction and Non Fiction) do you think a person should have read in his/her lifetime?
Are autobiographies a type of nonfiction novels?
What mathematicians are amazing science fiction authors?
What's an excellent "coming-of-age" fiction book I could recommend my 13 year old daughter?
What are the best fiction books of our time?
What are the upcoming Indian fiction novels?
What fictional belief did you have as a child that you were disappointed to learn wasn't true as you grew wiser with age?
What do you think of people or fictional characters who act extremely neurotic and pretentious very often?
Do you think literature can be a big help to our culture nowadays?
Do you know about famous women or in fiction who died of a heart related disease?
What twelve fiction books should I buy for my daughter?
What Science Fiction book (maybe by Robert A. Heinlein) has a concept that a defense attorney gets the defendant's penalty if it’s a guilty verdict?
Who is your favourite fictional antagonist?
What is a book (fiction or non-fiction) that doesn’t exist that you wish existed?
Would My Little Pony: FIM have a different plot if it was written by George R.R. Martin?
How do authors inspire themselves to start writing fiction books?
Which fictional character has the best introduction?
I just bought 1400 fiction books, what are some unique/creative ways to sell them or make money from them?
What are some real life examples of "reality is stranger than fiction"?
How do you get your fiction/non-fictions in India?
How do I write good dialogue for fiction stories?
What would be a good building to use as the American headquarters of a fictional Illuminati?
What are some books that use POV chapters as well as ASOIAF?
What are the best unused Science Fiction concepts?
What are some of the best novels about being an immigrant or a refugee?
What are some of the best fiction books for kids?
Why do the Yautja no longer feel pain, fear, mercy, and hesitation, and how did this happen?
Was Emily Rose real or fictional?
When describing a scientific phenomenon in sci-fi, is it poor form to use parts of a concept another science fiction writer developed for his book?
What is a good historical fiction novel, historically accurate and not about wars/gruesome?
How would you break professional distance rules properly?
Is there any fictional and non-fictional book reading app?
What is the process in writing a fiction book?
What are some of the best fictional (love story) novels and movies?
If you could choose a fictional character to run your country, who would you choose and why?
What is the most futuristic and surreal thing you have ever seen in science fiction or fantasy fiction?
What is the best fiction featuring happy characters in bombed areas?
Where are the best places to scrape metadata about popular fiction books?
What is your opinion of Dan Brown's novels? I find it hard to understand the authentic and the'made-up' (fictional) part of his novels?
What are some fiction books - preferably literature - that deal with themes of anger?
How remarkable is ASOIAF as a work of fiction?
How do I write a story for me on the miracles of science fiction?
Do you prefer happy or sad endings? Realism or fantasy in your literature?
What are some weird alien monsters in work of fictions?
How many fictional universes can you name that each have their own equivalent of the Living Tribunal?
How important is it to create an antagonist to build a perfect recipe for drama in a fiction?
Which is the best fictional audio book you possess?
Will some of the modern fictional works based on Hindu gods and characters become "smritis" in future?
I want to gift novels to my sister. As she has never read novels, suggest something that captures her attention? (check description)
Which is the best fiction book about Dyson sphere?
Who are some fiction writers who write about forests, mountains and the environment?
Which book should I start reading (fiction genre) right now?
Which is the most trusted publisher for fiction novels in Mumbai, India?
Why is travelling backwards in time such nonsense even in science-fiction?
Can The Witcher be considered a work of fiction as good as The Lord of the Rings?
What are some notable websites or online magazines where you are able to submit and read science fiction (or any other fiction/non-fiction genres)?
What is Bellovian irony?
If seven maids with seven mops swept it for half a year, do you suppose it's possible they could make it clear?
What do you think are three of the best duels in fiction?
Is Ramayana series by Ashok Banker worth reading?
Why does science fiction tend to be emotionally cold?
What would I gain after reading 40 fantasy novels?
Mental health professionals: What diagnosis would you give your favorite fictional character?
What are the best books, or references to help me write a fiction novel?
I want to write fiction. Where do I start?
Your favorite fictional character is coming to kill you. You are allowed one fictional weapon of your choice to defend yourself. What do you choose?
How do you get over a fictional death?
What are some artifacts that can turn a run-of-the-mill children's magician into someone who can transform matter, control minds in fiction and books?
Is there interest in a website for fiction book summaries?
How can I make my Science fiction story turn into a big franchise?
What is meant by "slash fiction"?
What are the common flaws in science fiction?
How can I stop being in love with a fictional character?
Who'd be in your all time kingsguard?
What are some good Indian fiction novels about love?
Can you recommend any fiction on reincarnation?
Why do we become emotionally attached to characters from movies, TV series, video games, anime and books knowing it's all fiction & scripted?
I want to ask Grant Morrison a question, how do I contact him?
What is the most useless science fiction gadget?
Is Padmavati a real or fictional character?
What are the top 10 deconstruction of fiction to watch or read?
What are some advanced level fiction/historical fiction books for teens to read?
Will our art and fiction become obsolete in the time of AI?
What do fiction readers want out of their book?
What are the best stories or fiction books to change your traits, worldview, motivation, etc.?
Who is the most endearing/lovable fictional character?
What is the best fiction to read today?
Can you write about black characters without mentioning race, culture, history or politics?
What are the positives and negatives of using your otherwise ordinary hometown as a fictional setting?
Can I hire someone to review a fiction novel that my kid has written?
What are some of the darkest books/novels/poems that you've read? Fiction or Non-fiction.
Of currently existing fictional characters, which would Ivan Tregear most like to voice?
Are DC superheroes more realistic than Marvel superheroes?
What are some ways to subtly suggest to the reader that the narrator is unreliable when writing a work of fiction?
Why is science fiction so popular in writing?
What are some fictional history books written as if they are historical?
Are there any adults who enjoy Harry Potter and the fantasy fiction genre?
How would you create a safe future considering yourself a fictional character from the movie Transformers?
Can you write fiction in another language other than your main?
How can I improve my abilities as a fictional writer?
Should I read Dune?
Are dragons, vampires and werewolves demonic or just fiction?
What are some good publishers for extremely young authors of YA fiction to consider?
How is it like to read a chronological novel from back to front?
What books should the privileged read in order to gain perspective and empathy for the underprivileged?
If Jules Verne's fiction novel about "Rocket to the Moon" can come true, can Dinosaurs also come back from extinction?
What is the best fiction book series [according to you]?
How do I decide what book genre a character belongs in?
Do you think fictional characters may exist in a different dimension or reality?
Why should I be interested in fiction, when reality is so extreme? (I wish I had a dollar for each time I've heard "You can't make this stuff up!")
Is there a fictional character you loved as a child, yet grew to hate as an adult?
Is it possible that the fictional ley lines were inspired by fault lines?
How accurate is criminal minds and what are some fictional things that are in it?
Do you think fictional stories should have grammar mistakes and colloquialisms in order to make the characters more believable?
What is the difference between churches and "legal fiction" (like LLCs)?
Are there any Tolkien fan fiction works of high literary quality?
Can only one space marine from Warhammer 40k be able to take out the entire axis force from WW2?
Which fictional vegans are most interesting?
How do I write a romantic fiction?
Which fictional character's personality and actions are closest to yours?
What makes a good book cover for a YA novel?
Are there fiction novels with gay characters contextualized in the Middle Ages?
Did writers in Ancient India write historical fiction?
Can you suggest me some novels that provides the non fictional information fictionally (in form of an interesting story)?
Is there any fiction that should be forbidden?
Did Littlefinger really love Catelyn Stark?
What's the point of (f) Aegon's storyline?
What do you think of Ken MacLeod's science fiction books?
What are the best fictional elementary schools?
Why does fiction matter?
Copyright law: Is it okay for a fiction writer to use similar or identical themes that may already exist in other novels?
What is the definition of "fiction"?
How do I write a good fictional story?
What are some incredible feats of stealth in fictional characters?
What are examples of apocalyptic themes in films, TV and fiction created outside the US?
Who are your top 10 writers of fiction?
Which fictional universe would win in a fair 'rap battle' against all fictional universes?
What are some good fiction (fantasy) book about mythology?
What are good examples of Chekhov's gun?
Is studying sociology and history in college useful for a fantasy fiction writer?
What are some good harlequin books?
What are some effective ways in which you can introduce readers to your fictional world with a "bang"?
How do you select an ethnicity for a fictional character?
What do you think makes a fictional character good or evil?
If mankind created sentient robots, would they have equal rights?
Who, out there, is still not fed up with vampire stories?
How do you write fictional characters based on real people you know?
If I went back 2,000 years ago and married my ancestor, would that count as incest?
If you can be a member of a military unit in the past, now or fictional, which one will you join?
What time could I realistically set science fiction stories in based on the current pace of scientific progress?
Can I sell teacher resource materials with pictures of fiction book covers on them?
What are some of the characteristics of gothic fiction? What are some examples of it?
What are short stories?
How can I formulate a great fiction book idea?
What are some must-read English fiction books?
Is there any novel that deeply details where a society is governed by a philosophical-magocracy ruled by immortals that genuinely governs for good?
What are some elements of realistic fiction? How can they be applied?
Imagine you are given a chance to date a fictional character. Which character will you choose and why?
What's your fiction to non-fiction ratio over say an average year not when Harry Potter came out obv?
How can fiction reveals truth and what are some examples?
What are the worst 'literary fiction' novels you have read?
The Victorian era is often portrayed in fiction as a time where high moral values were affirmed but not practiced. Is this a fair portrayal?
Why did the Chinese government arrest 20 women for writing slash fiction? Why did they ban slash fiction?
How do you bring fictional characters into this reality or go to their world?
What novels have the hottest cunnilingus scenes?
Which 5 people can defeat Superman and how?
What's the most interesting fictional world you've read/seen/heard about?
What are some of the best magic systems in fiction?
What are some instances where a kissing scene is more intimate or sensual than a sex scene, in fiction?
Which is the most favourite Fictional character and a fictional book of Harsha Bhogle and why is it so?
What is your favorite quote from any novel?
Why did novelist Nelson Algren choose to write about poor people and criminals?
Do flash fictions still sell?
Do libraries put the Bible in fiction or non fiction?
Which is the most scientifically advanced movie in 2016?
What are some good love making scenes where the woman initiates and conducts the sex?
Why are evil characters in modern fiction and fantasy often depicted as asexuals?
Which are some good science fiction/fantasy sites for beginners to submit short stories?
How choppy can a novel segment be?
Who are fictional characters who are great with swords?
I write sci-fiction, adventure and fantasy stories. Are there any popular websites where I can upload them for people to read?
What are some historical fiction books that a young adult must read?
How much leeway do you give a book before giving up on it?
What Are The Best Harry Potter Fan Fiction Novels That Are Non-Continuous?
Do you strangely envy all those emotionless dystopias in fiction?
I have a main character from Scarborough, North Riding, Yorkshire. What can you tell me about the local culture here?
What works of contemporary fiction have deep psychological undertones?
How can I publish a fiction novel written in Hindi in India?
Is there dramatic value to telling the fiction reader up front (in the narrative) that the protagonist is going to be doomed by the end of the novel?
What are your favorite fictional characters that have a number as their name?
What fictional character has had the most stressed life ever?
Why do we love the fictional character 'Francis Underwood', when in reality we would never approve of a person like him?
What are some of the most compelling examples of parallel universes in fiction?
In your opinion, who is the most overrated major science fiction writer?
What is an underrated fictional character that you have a crush on?
Has any work of fiction, or alternative history, ever been written, postulating the legal prosecution of Hitler at the Nuremberg trials?
Can you suggest some interesting fiction books for read with intermediate level? (English)
Why do I have intrusive thoughts about fictional characters?
What are some examples of NLP projects that do named entity recognition of fiction and novels?
In Ernest Hemingway's "The Sun Also Rises", what does it mean when a character is described as being "quite one of us"?
What software is used by authors of fiction to generate ideas on where to take the story next?
Are there any science fiction media that feature friendly robots?
What fiction books should I read?
What are examples in fiction that require an explanation that isn't suspension of disbelief?
What are some stories on dark fiction?
What are some tips to answer questions from fiction?
What are some best psychological thriller fiction novel?
What fictions have the best and the worst "internal consistence" (kind of low and high level of self-contradicting/paradoxical setup)?
Who are the three most archetypal characters in the history of fiction?
What is the dominant philosophy in classic fiction?
What is a good style of fiction writing?
What do you consider to be the piece of anticipatory fiction (book, film, etc…) which best predicted the current American socio-political climate?
What are fictional country names ending with -land that sound realistic?
Does it make sense that I write to fulfil impossible fantasies of mine?
Which are your top 5 books (fiction or nonfiction) for 2016-17? Please support your recommendation with reasons.
Which contemporary science fiction author writes the most like Michael Crichton?
What are some important facts about realistic fiction?
What is your greatest desire as a science fiction writer?
Is the following paragraph a good way to start a story or not?
What romance fiction books should a young adult read?
What, in your opinion, is/are the creepiest, most chilling creature(s) from the realm of fiction?
Which is the best romantic fiction novel you have read?
Where is the line between YA and Adult Fantasy fiction drawn?
If you are struck in traffic which fictional character comes to your mind, like if you were that character you can easily escape the traffic?
Which genre of science fiction is enjoyed by most scientists?
Which fictional books should I read during 12th vacation?
Are werewolves overdone in fiction?
Are there any great fiction books about happy people?
Can you suggest 10 fiction books to buy when I really enjoy philosophy and complex language used well?
Why do you write fiction?
Which are some good crime fictions based in Texas/Louisiana?
What fiction features a devil as a main character?
As a Black Sails fan do you feel the show has gone downhill by adding more fiction onto the storyline?
What makes the world of The Witch Who Came in from the Cold different from other fictional worlds?
Do historical fiction novels sell and who are the best publishers to approach?
What are two science fiction movies deserved to be seen?
What fictional web series would you recommend?
How realistic is Bob Lee Swagger?
How much time passed in Westeros during Game of Thrones Season 6?
What is the best motivational fiction book?
What are the top 10 worst fan fictions ever written?
What are some good lighter urban fantasies (not YA)?
Can you recommend a book with a collection of really interesting short stories in it?
Does economics has anything to do with literature and literary theories?
What is the best way to write a fictional story?
How would a legion of vampires be created in fiction and why?
Has Superman ever become evil, and did Lex Luther stop him?
I recently went to a bookstore and was disappointed with the fiction selection. Can anyone recommend good contemporary literary fiction?
What is the best, most in-character, and most emotionally provocative piece of fan fiction you have ever read?
Who are your top 5 fictional characters of all-time?
What fictional city in the DC universe would you most like to live in? Why?
Why are some people so serious about fictional stuff?
What is the best place to sell my many books that are fiction?
Is it true that today, commercial fiction is bland garbage, while only some innovative literature will be remembered as classics in the future?
What are some short GF-BF stories?
How would you rephrase "Despite the fact that your company has not announced competition"? (competing to get a job)
What are some extra-dimensional being in works of fiction?
(Detailed answers please.) What would you think the everyday life of the (objectively) most stunning and beautiful woman in the universe would be like?
What are good sites for practicing fiction writing?
Who is more likely to kill someone if pressed: Superman or Batman?
If you could choose one fictional character to protect you, who would you choose?
What do you call the genre of fiction with floating islands and flying ships?
What is the first novel that got you interested in fiction?
For those who read more than 50 books a year: How do you find and choose good books to read?
What fictional work has the coolest designs for its space ships?
Do all fictional books need to conform to scientific reality, or are people simply nitpicking?
How did your journey as a fictional writer started?
Why are fantasy books so long, and how did the genre become so popular?
How do you efficiently introduce readers to a fictional setting?
What is a good novel to read to 3rd graders?
What do you think are some of the most underrated science fiction films?
What would happen if Tony Stark met Sherlock?
Why it is called three musketeers even though there are four after D'Artagnan joins team?
What are some good science fiction stories from India? Film, books, and so on.
What are some examples of fictional narratives?
Do phone numbers in fiction books lead anywhere?
How can I get blue fiction on Quora?
What fictional government is most evil?
I need a very emotionally intense, creative, and unusual series of fictional books to read. What do you recommend?
Why can't fictional characters be real?
Why are human beings addicted to fiction?
Who would win a fight between Wonder Woman and She Hulk?
What are questions one should think of when making a fictional character?
I'm an 8th grader who wants to become a fiction writer. What do I need to do in school?
Is there any difference in naming a novel "Island of …" or "The Island of …"?
What is the classification of fiction?
Is the Bible subjective?
Who would have won the fight had Wildlings not come to the rescue?
What is the worst thing that can happen to a man?
Are answers (not all) on Quora are fictional but depicted as real life incidents?
What formats do you use to write fiction?
What are some fictional villains that the main protagonist of the fictional work are scared of?
What are some molecular machines in fictional universes/worlds?
Why am I so emotionally attached to a character I made up when I was a toddler?
What are the most famous fictional characters who save the day, get the hot chick but are bald?
What are some good historical fiction books on Rajasthan?
What are some good reference books for lovers of Science Fiction?
What is the name of the writing used for Halloween and horror titles?
Does the date of publication matter in case of a fiction?
What are the most badass fictional characters?
What are some tips for writing a historical fiction novel set in the Victorian times, London, England?
What are the Physics rules that is a must in a fantasy novel?
What are space fiction books in Kannada?
What are the elements of a good fictional story that both critics and general audiences enjoy?
Is first person narration more popular for young adult readers (Fiction)?
Who are some of the best fictional characters who don't talk?
What are the best novels with science fiction and humor?
If you could build one thing, anything from your imagination, even if it’s science fiction, what would it be? Why?
How do I get my book (fiction) reviewed without compromising the ownership rights? The book is still in soft copy.
Was Hecate Poole the best character of Penny Dreadful?
Which fictional character scares you the most and why?
What is fanfiction? Also, can you explain the meaning of fandom?
What are some best practices for a fiction writer to note down thoughts, prose, and ideas that come into your head at inconvenient times?
Is there a place for fiction (or poetry) on Medium?
How can I get the sales figure of a fiction novel?
Which writing frameworks allow me to personalize my fiction towards aspects about my reader?
Would you say "The Girl on the Train" uses lots of telling, not showing?
What are some orange and green skin beings in works of fiction?
What are the best modern fiction books about traveling to the future?
How do I make a fictional character on mobile?
In what ways does the writing process differ for nonfiction compared to fiction?
How can I get the role of Jon Snow in Game of Thrones?
If you could take up any fictional profession which one would you pick?
What are some fictional characters that would make good Sith?
Who is the world's greatest detective, whether that be from a fictional or non fictional setting ?
How do I write a story that is based upon a fictional world?
How do you write a conspiracy story twist in fiction?
What are the 10 most powerful weapons in fiction and in reality?
What fiction do you recommend I read? (Check description.)
What is the best advice for fiction writers who are just starting out?
Is it fine to use past continuous while writing fiction?
In Endgame, what did the numbers that Sarah get mean?
What is the one fictional book you cannot do without?
Is there any book that narrates the emotions of a person who sabotaged his own relationship, life?
What are all the batsuits worn by batman in the comics?
Is it normal for assassins to avoid using firearms, like Katla in the Amsterdam Assassin Series?
What are your thoughts about this intriguing piece of amalgamation of science, maths, fiction and filmmaking?
Writing Fiction: What Italian surnames fit with the name “Ethan”?
What fictional books can I apply psychoanalytic criticism to?
How can I submit an explosive fiction novel to you?
To what degree is Stephen King's fictional Castle Rock environment realistic?
When writing fiction, is it appropriate to tell the plot through dialogue?
What are some spells to become a fairy in fiction?
What would the conversation be like, if you could meet your favorite fictional character?
Which is the best book we should read in the field of fiction?
What is a good example of a fictional narrative story?
What are some good young adult fiction novels about same-sex relationships?
Who is the most selfish fictional character ever?
If you had a chance to have a fictional character as your spouse, who would be it?
What're some tips for an aspiring science fiction author?
Can I legally use the name of a song as the title of my chapter and also a verse from the song in my writing (See details)?
What advice would you give someone writing a fictional novel about aliens?
What should I read in young adult fiction?
Is there a more powerful weapon in fiction than this?
What is your favorite fictional alien race and why?
Are there any books or movies where old flames meet again, stirring up all sorts of feelings, possibly even having an affair?
Can I buy some shares and sell them tomorrow to get profit or is there a minimum term after which I can sell?
Which are some good/classic Indian fiction novels?
Who was the real Sherlock Holmes and how similar is he to the fictional character?
Which authors of fiction succeeded on their first book?
What are some examples of fiction literature? How is fiction literature different from non fiction literature?
Where can I find The Omen, the book by David Seltzer?
What are the different types of fiction writing?
What does a fiction writing class in a workshop format cover?
Can you help me to identify these characters from children's stories, nursery rhymes or fairy tales?
How is writing science fiction different from writing other kinds of fiction?
What is the best detective fiction?
What are the tips for exam on English fiction?
How do I make my stories for English class shorter?
Why do time slips happen in fantasy and science fiction?
Is inception possible in real life? Or it is just a fiction?
What is the difference between "fictional" and "fictitious?"
What aspects of Dan Brown's Davinci Code are misleading, manipulative, or flat out untrue?
What are the coolest alien species in fiction?
If they could be real, what are some fictional characters who you'd like to have on your side in the zombie apocalypse?
What are some good fictional books about complex bisexual love triangle between 2 men and a girl?
If you conjure a fictional character from your imagination, could it be possible that you are really telling a past-lived story without even knowing so?
How do I learn from fictions?
Is Hawking radiation real or fictional?
What is the worst piece of fiction you have written?
What are the best fiction Arabic novels?
Do people prefer reading crime fiction in India?
Which real language is D'Haran derived from?
What are your recommended fictional books?
Is Jon Snow king?
I want to write a fictional book that takes place during WWI, what are some important facts I should know about the war?
Do you believe that death is just a fiction?
Which are the must-read English books about Northeast India, both fiction and non-fiction?
How do you avoid sounding cheesy when writing fictional stories?
How can I reduce my addiction towards fiction serials?
What genre do fiction books that have complex political plots belong to?
What fiction characters with abilities/superpowers are vulnerable to concussive weapons?
Can you recommend any good, serious, Overwatch fan-fiction?
Do you think that as a society we take fictional works (movies, books) too seriously?
What are some good short stories to read to middle schoolers?
If you could completely fabricate a Quora answer, what would the question be, and what would be your answer?
What will happen between Jaime and Cersei in season 7?
What are some good novels for a high school graduate which he/she can read in a single sitting?
What science fiction have you enjoyed recently? (Sep — Nov 2016)
How do I deal with falling for the fictional character?
How do fact and fiction differ?
In the book 'Life of Pi' by Yann Martel, do you think Pi was actually on a boat with humans the whole time and not animals?
What are some good, modern, easy-to-read science fiction books?
What would happen if all comics characters, beside Deadpool, found out that they are just fictional creations? Was there ever written story like this?
Which fictional heroes do you see as actually being the villains of their stories?
How do I write a science fiction book without making it sound unreal?
Which is your favourite ASOIAF sigil and why?
What would be the optimal weapons/armor combination for a fictional urban vigilante?
What are some interesting pamphlet outlines which is needed to promote a fiction novel?
What are some of the challenges of writing contemporary fiction today that weren't an issue ten years ago?
What is the meaning of "modern realistic fiction"?
What fiction has a hell as a setting?
If aliens came to our planet and said "Bring us to your leader!" who would you pick as the world's leader?
What is the art of fiction?
What causes a fictional character to suffer a “Psychological Death?” And how would you define the term?
What are some of the most addictive fiction and non-fiction reads?
What are the best fiction books about Rome?
What are some recommendations for good fiction books similar to 'The Seeker' of karan Baja or books with spiritual touch?
How do you force yourself to write when you have an idea?
Which are some of the best science fiction stories of all time?
Did you ever get inspired by a fictional novel and set out to write your own?
How do I write a manuscript for a fiction?
Are there science fiction movies/books/games with only theoretically possible technologies?
What are some science fiction books for beginners?
Can any fictional super hero be real?
What is lacking from a reading experience?
Who are some of the best villain protagonists in fiction?
If you could create your own fictional modern day country, what would it be?
Disregarding the song, who would win in an all out free for all to the death with all fictional characters and non fictional people?
What are your favourite 'boarding school fiction' books?
A science fiction story I read years ago had the final line "To ask a good question, you must almost know the answer." Is this true?
Which type of novel is more beneficial fiction or non fiction?
What does it mean that Greg Egan's "Permutation City" touches on the nature of consciousness?
How many of you really believe in god like it’s something supernatural?
When writing fiction, what is a cultural conflict that could take place on the following map?
How do you make a fiction story come alive?
Are original characters in a fan fiction better than canon characters?
What are some good fictional books to read that are at least 300 pages long?
Would you rather be a human peasant in Middle Earth or Westeros?
How would the public react to a fiction book that has justified (not really) terrorism or terrorism that tries to be justified?
What were some challenges with creating and depicting a fictional African culture?
From where can I downloaded free fiction ebooks?
What is the best way to go about getting fiction published for a first-time writer?
Do authors receive any success by spreading their written work or being active on Medium?
Why is feudalism so common in fantasy fiction?
Who is the greatest hero in all of Ayn Rand's fictional works?
Who is a terrible villain from an otherwise good fictional work?
What's a really good young adult fiction book I should read?
What are some magical weapons to shield yourself in works of fiction?
What is the best way to set mood in a story without just describing surroundings?
Do you read more non-fiction books, or more fiction books?
Why are the best fiction writing tools for Windows?
What does fiction shows us about the human person that nonfiction cannot?
If you had to name the single book that most profoundly influenced your life, which would it be?
What's your experience with horror fiction? Have you ever written anything in this genre?
What are the characteristics of a fictional narrative story?
I want to write a mythological fiction. Should I make it historical by showing Gods as human or make it a fantasy with magic and mythical creatures?
I have a fictional disease I made and I'm looking to the closest real life version there is. Can any of you give suggestions?
Do successful people read fiction novels?
What are some science fiction ideas get from ancient books?
How many distinct psychographic segments have been established in the field of marketing research?
What are the pros and cons of listening to fiction compared to non fiction via audiobook?
How realistic do male characters tend to be in most young adult/teen fiction?
What are some examples of "fiction"?
How would you create a army of meta powered beings?
Where is Daenarys sailing with her fleet and dragons, to Dorne or Kings Landing?
Why does reference to 'books' often default to 'fiction books' and skip 'non-fiction'?
What should every aspiring interactive fiction creator/writer know about interactive fiction?
What fictional monsters are you most afraid of?
Can an author write about a science-fictional war of America vs. England in the future? Do you think the states would get offended?
Which is your fave suspense thriller fiction novel? Mine is “Gone Girl”.
In your opinion, how does the Dark Tower series mix fantasy, science fiction, and horror so well?
In my novel, my character's dog's name is Bilbo (it's mentioned that her dad collects LOTR memorabilia). Is this copyright infringement?
What are good works of fiction (short stories, novels, movies) that convey useful intuitions about microeconomics?
What are some good English crime novels with amazing cliffhangers?
It started as a coping mechanism for anxiety, but now I very often have fictional characters talking to me and interacting in my head. What do I do?
Where can I find hindi to english translator for fiction novel?
What is the best POV for science fiction?
What are some ideas of fiction books for kids?
Is Imperial March the best villain theme? If not than what is?
If you found out that the world you lived in was fictional, how would you convince everyone else?
How do I organize my thoughts? I am thinking of writing a fan fiction, but I have all these ideas spinning around my head and I can't organize them.
What is the status of science fiction literature in our time compared to 30-40 years ago?
Do Kings in the North have Small Councils or anything resembling?
What is your favourite ever helmet, Real or Fictional?
How do people in works of fiction figure out how to turn their superpowers on and off?
What are some fictional stories of The Future set in years that are now in the past?
Why do I prefer fantasy to reality?
How do creators and producers set the 'tone' of a TV series or movie?
What is the origin of the prophecy-driven storyline?
How do I write a constitution for a fictional country?
Are fictional stories necessary in order to understand real events, e.g. wars?
What would happen if all the fictional villains came to life?
Is space travel a real thing or still fiction?
Suddenly, everyone on Earth is given a random fictional object. What happens?
What would be a good science fiction explanation for a character being immortal?
Who were/are the greatest British fiction literature translators?
Is it even remotely possible to terrify the Joker?
Which are the best fictional bloggers? Especially Indian?
Is there a good illustrated encyclopedia on fiction writers?
Is writing a fiction tougher than writing a non fiction?
How difficult is it for fiction writers to determine proper dialogues for various characters that consistently differentiate their personalities?
How can I become like a fictional character I created?
What is novum in science fiction?
Is science fiction becoming more mainstream?
Would youlike to help me write my fan fiction?
Do you think the genre of Film Noir could be reborn (or rebooted) especially as a vehicle for science fiction? (Think Heinlein, Asimov, Doc Smith)
What are the characteristics of novelette that differ it from Novel, other than just word count ?
Is Illuminati real or is it a fictional conecpt?
What are some of the easily available, good young adult fiction and fantasy novels?
Is there a piece of software that estimates climactic zones based on fictional geography?
Is life experience crucial to being a good fiction author?
How is dystopian fiction related to the historical moment it is created in?
Who is the scariest heroic fictional character?
What if real life physics were applied to your favorite fictional character?
What are the best romantic, fantasy and inspirational (fiction or non-fiction) books to read?
(fiction writing) Is it possible to poison an object so that someone who uses it eventually gets intoxicated without even noticing it?
How many words should be there in a humourous-romantic fiction novel?
Who is the fictional archaeologist Howard Carson based on?
If you could be romantically involved with any fictional character, who would you pick and why?
What are the most popular novels that deal with character hallucination as central theme?
Are there italian fiction books that discuss the north and south divide of Italy (like difference in culture, stereotypes, etc)?
Why is fiction so powerful?
What are some ethical issues with fan fiction?
What are some good realistic fiction YA books about bullying from the bully's point of view?
How are accents written into fiction?
Would it be silly to create a wiki-style website for my fiction series, even though I've yet to actually begin writing the series?
What are some good hard science fiction books?
Could you name a few good publishing houses for fiction in India?
How is the process of writing different between writing fiction and writing non fiction?
In fictional writing, If a killer sends a human heart in a box, is there a way for specialists to link it to the person it used to belong to?
Whose fiction has been translated into the most languages?
What do you think would be the mentality of a 3,118 year old immortal man?
How did/do science fiction influence Space exploration?
Why is archery such a common skill for protagonists to have?
Does the High Septon know Margaery is pretending to be a believer (and just doesn't care as long as he gains power) or does he think she's a believer?
Which actor has played an American president (fictional or otherwise) the most often?
Where would Vietnam be today if it wasn't for communism?
Did any work of fiction characters learn a new power where they can duplicate yourself?
How can I create an online fiction novel?
Does any real sword have color as in fiction?
Which human looks like a jellyfish?
Are all myths fiction and untrue?
Which is the best fiction book to read?
What's the most realistic way to get your two main characters to meet for the first time in a fiction story?
Who are the most famous horror fiction writers of the late 2010s?
If you ever needed to consult or retain a detective, which fictional American detective would you approach--Continental Op, Marlowe, or Donald Lam?
Does Batman love Wonder Woman?
What are some mind-blowing examples of "truth is stranger than fiction"?
I want to read fiction books which book I should start with?
Is there any Greek magazine that writes science fiction short stories?
What fan fiction websites are best for preteens to write on?
Could fictional stories really just be past life or alternate universe events being told?
Which political party, if at all, would Captain America be in affiliation with?
Is there any free self-editing program for fiction writers?
How would your fictional country be?
How is Ursula Le Guin's interest in Taoism expressed in her fiction?
What are good fan fiction of the Wizarding World of Harry Potter embracing technology?
What are some good sci fiction movies expect about Space?
What are the high rated fantasy and fiction movies?
Did Giacomo Casanova write fiction, and if so, what is his most famous work?
Will you read a science fiction novel written by a woman?
Can I publish my anime fan fictions?
Can the universe actually be a series of chain reactions or chain events played out as if in a video from the beginning it initiated?
How do I get Interested in non-fiction instead of fiction?
Why is detective / crime fiction almost always about murder and not other types of crime?
I'm writing fiction about a girl who emigrated from Sangar Russia to Seattle US in 2006. Can anyone help with cultural or characterization tips?
What are some of the types of weapons, vehicles, and tools in a Steampunk setting?
Is the Ramayana epic fact or fiction?
What are some good Indian science-fiction or books published in India?
Does it help increase your intelligence if you read more non-fiction books than fiction books?
What would your 5-person "dream team" be made up of, if it were fictional characters in a combat situation?
Why am I not allowed to like a fictional character if they are a bad person?
What are your favorite historical fiction novels taking place during the French Revolution?
What are some profoundly philosophical science fiction novels?
What are cool names for fictional spacecraft that don’t exist already?
Shouldn't Flash run forward in time (instead of back) due to relativistic effects?
Is 'To Kill a Mockingbird' a historical fiction novel?
What science fiction story contains mind relocated into another body?
When writing a screenplay based off of a book, is it best to get permission from the author(s) first before writing?  Or write the screenplay first so the authors have something to look at before making a decision?
What courses to take to start writing fiction?
A Song of Ice and Fire (book series): Why was Jon Snow betrayed?
Why is mystery fiction better than science fiction?
In the novel Infinite Jest, why does Canada have all these crazy cults?
As a writer of fiction, do you always write with scene goals in mind? Do you think every scene needs to have conflict?
What are your top 5 favorite fictional characters?
Are there any fiction novels about con artists or pick pockets or something like that?
What do you think about abuse fiction becoming an increasingly popular genre?
I have opened a trading account with optionshouse and they want W-9 form even though I have given my SSN. Should I provide the w-9 form?
Who are some of the weak female characters in fantasy fiction?
What are the last 3 fiction books you read and how do they benefit your creative or business writing?
Who is the strongest psychic character in fiction not counting reality warpers?
Is the Idea of India a fiction?
Is there a good historical survey of science fiction?
Who should I cosplay as?
How do religious communities differentiate between religious literature and historical fiction literature?
What are the best & easiest courses after 12th commerce? I don't like science. I like to read fiction, draw, and surf the Internet.
I want to read some books based on genre that contains historical and futuristic fiction/fantasy both. What are some suggestions (English)?
What is a good name for a fictional viking themed country?
Can nonfiction ever be as great as fiction?
What are the best selling books by Indian authors in 2015 and 2016?
I want to write a fiction on Indian Mythology. But I'm confused about using magic/ mythical creatures. Should I use magic/sorcery?
What fictional characters portray real and possible genius?
What is earliest historical fiction for children?
Who are the best authors of fiction and why?
How do I make readers to care about and to feel emotionally attached to my fictional fantasy world?
What fictional character do you wish you could meet?
How important is a creation myth to a series of high fantasy novels?
Which are some of the best nautical fiction books?
How do I publish an anthology of flash fiction, probably as a 150 paged book?
What role do detectives play in detective fiction stories?
Who is the most inspirational character in the Harry Potter series, and why?
Who, out of all the major characters in ASOIAF, would make for the best ruler of the Seven Kingdoms?
If you could spend time with a female fictional character, who would you pick and why? I am interested in hearing who women would pick as a friend.
Which fiction books are recommended that have the main character training mentally and physically?
How would Sherlock Holmes react to Brexit?
How should I go about writing a 15 year old character who's been sheltered from evil and isolated from people their entire life?
What are some phenomenal fictional works?
Can you think of a good character to put in a fictional book?
Is fantasy a real genre, or is it just very popular fan-fiction?
How realistic is Sam Fisher?
Is there any good speculative fiction about a society of telepaths/empaths?
Can you actually post fiction in the fiction section of Q?
How much is fiction in 2 States?
Are elaborate descriptions of situations and supporting characters still relevant while writing fiction, in this modern age of readers?
What does science fiction include?
Are people often inspired by fictional characters?
How many books per year do regular fiction writers write to be able to survive?
What are some extremely supernatural powerful entity in fiction?
What is a perfect place to launch a virus (real or fictional) in the air?
Is it a common universal theme that writers have a love/hate relationship with drinking alcohol, regardless of the era or time?
Is there any magazine in India which publishes science fiction stories written in English?
Is there anything in science fiction that will likely become science fact in the next few years?
Have you seen your life in tatters? How will you react?
What are some examples of neuroscience-based science fiction?
People who've read The Ruins: did you like it or hate it? Give reasons why.
What would our world be like, if as soon as someone dies, they instantly go antigravity?
What are some defense satellites in work of fictions?
If you were to name your child after a fictional character, which character would you choose?
Which film has the greater cultural value: Scream or The Godfather?
Why do some fictional characters shout out the name of their attack before they use it?
Who is the snarkiest character in fiction?
I'm applying to an undergrad creative writing program. I’m to include 3 pieces of fiction under 30 pages. What kind of pieces would you suggest?
Which fictional book character can you relate to the most?
What are some good fiction books for an 8th grader?
How much of the Bible needs to be fiction for Christianity to be false?
In "A Song of Ice and Fire" how important are the direwolf pups?
What are some examples of science fiction concepts coming true?
What are the best fiction, fantasy, romance novels?
In what ways does the real 'Wild West' differ from the fiction?
Which Game of Thrones character has the best chance to survive the series?
Have modern authors' writing styles been affected by having "watched" so many stories on TV/Film while growing up rather than reading such stories?
Who are some Crime Fiction Writers on Quora?
How much can you forgo in a time lapse?
What stylistic features (in fiction or poetry writing) do you find most emotionally engaging?
What would common behavior of a victim of child abuse be shortly after being pulled away from the lifestyle?
Which is a better course to pick, fiction writing or memoir writing?
How likely is it to get sued for writing fan fiction?
Were you influenced into your current profession by a fictional character?
Is Quora becoming a fiction writing contest?
How much time does it take to write a (i) non-fiction book (ii) fiction book?
How does penetrative sex feel for a man (sensations and emotions)? I write erotic fiction and want my characters’ viewpoints to be authentic.
What benefits do readers have over non readers?
What are some really great new non-fiction books that I should read?
If you could choose to have dinner with five people (real or fictional) who would you invite, and why?
Are aliens burned out as a science fiction concept?
What makes a piece of fiction horror?
Do you prefer fiction or nonfiction books? How about movies?
I am working on a fiction novel. How do I know that my idea and preparation is good enough to be converted into a book?
What do you believe are the most important components of a compelling character?
What are good names for characters in a Twilight fan fiction?
What are some of the things that appears to be a science fiction, but are actually true?
What are some novels where the protagonist has no memory of his life before?
What is the best fiction book you've ever read? Did it change your life in any way?
Why are chosen ones and prophecies common in fiction?
How do you breed dragons?
Question that contains assumptions: Why do Christians not let their kids watch/read stories about magic even though it's fiction?
If there was a fictional leader of purgatory, who or what would it be?
I can't help myself, I'm falling in love with fictional anime characters! Can you help my fictional fetish?
What are some good popular science or science fiction books that deal with bioinformatics topics?
What is your opinion on reading present tense fiction?
Which show started the "he/she's an impostor" plot with everyone trying to figure out who is real and who is a fake?
In Walk Two Moons is Sal's mother dead?
How does science fiction explore and complicate what it means to be human?
What are the elements of fiction?
What should I avoid doing in my science fiction novel?
What are the most well known books, films and video games that feature characters from multiple historical time periods in the same work of fiction?
How do I really start a career in fiction writing?
Which is the best science fiction novel under 200 rs?
How has film noir influenced written fiction and vice versa?
What percentage of Christians in the U.S. truly believe that what is in the bible is actually true?
Which are the best fiction books?(English, obviously.)
What was the book you hoped would never end?
Which is the best fan fiction that you have read so far?
What are some magical doors in works of fiction, books, movies, televisions shows, etc.?
Does crime fiction actually aid in one's growth?
What are your favorite works of fiction?
Who is the best fiction Author?
What is the best matchup fight between any two fictional characters?
Can I write both fiction and non-fiction and still be relevant? If you do one, does it create an image that excludes the other?
Why don't fictional secret organizations give themselves silly names?
When is it ever a good idea to make a villain become a good guy?
Which is Dr. Richard Muller's favourite fiction novel?
Why is Hollywood obsessed with science fiction?
What will happen if Baahubali meets Sherlock?
What are the best Kannada novel books you have read?
Why is magic dismissed as impossible by science?
Would Carmen SanDiego be found and defeated by Captain America?
What are some well-known fictional secret agents from cultures around the world?
Can there be legal consequences for depicting a fictional version of a real, living person being tortured in a satirical novel?
Who would win in a battle between Jason Voorhees and a Xenomorph?
Is there any fictional book in which the main character is an atheist and remains an atheist at the end?
What are the most interesting science fiction tropes employed in Westworld?
How is reading books helpful, and which book should I read first about fiction?
Where did the concept of a giant turtle with an island on its back come from?
Are there any retellings of Beauty and the Beast (movies, books, etc) in which the Beast doesn't turn back into a human?
What is the best example (in your opinion) of a completely walkable city? Real cities, theories or fiction apply here.
What is Parallel paradox, which we use to heard in Science Fictions?
Which terms or concepts used in science originated in science fiction?
What proportion of science-fiction/fantasy writers earn enough money from writing to survive strictly from their writing and have a family?
I am working on a fiction and hence I need to know what information about soldiers are kept confidential?
Does reading fiction books change the way you see reality?
What are some of the best serious fiction books?
Is it bad to use/overuse "it" and "its" in fiction?
What is one quote from any work of fiction that you would love to say to someone and why?
How much is the fictional character Lucious Lyon worth?
Can we use Songs, movie dialogues and Celebrity name in a fiction novel?
Do animals have fiction or imaginations?
What are the best scenes from Laurie Halse Anderson's Wintergirls?
Which is the best Indian publisher for literary fiction?
How do I read fiction books and learn programming simultaneously?
Can book lovers explain their emotional attachment with fictional characters?
What is that one thing that you imagine and is fictional, but if it became real, it would change your world?
Should writers of literary works of fiction be required to undergo a credentialing procedure analogous to that of physicists and physicians?
Who are some authors like Michael Crichton, who writes fiction but also teaches the reader (i.e., Sphere, Andromeda Strain, and Lost World)?
How much is the fictional character Uncle Scrooge worth?
What are some high quality fiction books? I am a big fan of Dan Brown and lately I am reading books that I feel are not worth completing.
What are the best influential fiction novels one must read?
What is the best guide to publishing fiction?
Has Batman ever turned evil (like Superman in Injustice)?
What are the best fiction books about travel and adventure?
Is it possible to disguise murder, or is that only possible in fiction?
Is the recent revival of interest in books like "The Handmaid's Tale" a sign of interest in literature or a concern about the future of the U.S.A.?
How can the internet/WWW user differentiate between truth and fiction, with so much misinformation presented as fact?
Has the telepathic, psychokenetic Krell machine from forbidden planet ever appeared in other fiction?
What are some uncommon villain motives?
How do you think Ramsay would have tortured Jon if he had won the battle and captured him alive?
What science fiction writer do you recommend?
Who are some of the best Indian authors (fiction) and why?
Realistically, what would happen if somehow a portal is opened and any fictional character in existence comes to our world?
Are dream journals redundant for a fiction writer, or do they provide a good source of creativity and (potentially) depth to an idea?
Does trial science involves hiring detectives and hackers like in "Dr. Bull" or is it just fiction?
Is it unhealthy to love a fictional character too much?
What books are fiction and also educate Architecture, Planning, real life events?
Why wasn’t Sansa named "Queen in the North" instead of Jon when she is a trueborn Stark in Game of Thrones season 6 episode 10?
What are some good novels on Obsession?
What are the elements of a great villain or "bad guy"?
Mark has 312 books in his bookcases. He has 11 times as many fiction books as nonfiction books. How many fiction books does Mark have?
Who are the Faceless Men?
What are some great novels that violate Chekhov's gun principle?
Who is the worst villain in fiction that you would have a coffee with?
Why do we accept that fictional characters walk around all day in over-the-top outfits that no one would be caught dead wearing in real life?
Do you agree that fiction affects you?
Is Lisbeth Salander a lesbian?
What are the best novels for a college student in fiction?
What if the leader of Brazil (and the rest of South America) was a villain out of the James Bond books?
What is your favorite fictional celestial body?
In TV dramas, the police always confront the criminal from the front and they escape out the back way. Is this just fiction, or is it true in real life as well?
What is the meaning of fictional portrayal?
If I were to create just some words of a fantasy fictional language (not entire languages) which standards I should follow? How should I proceed?
Can "Inception" movie be completed in 30 minutes duration only?
Is branded product placement common in contemporary fiction?
Who is the most popular fictional character of all time?
What are some creative ways to show off a fictional character's immense physical strength?
How can I improve my science fiction newsletter? [Dutch] Www.getrevue.co/profile/Kardashev
In my early fan fiction, I used to have my main heroine be captured quite a bit by the person she loved. Why did I do that so much?
Why does science fiction give such low troop numbers?
What are the things an editor typically does for an author of fiction?
What is the first hard-boiled detective story?
What was the best quote you have read in a fiction novel?
Physics: when Flash (superhero) is moving towards us, shouldn't his suit appear blue instead of red?
How deep can fictional characters influence our acts?
Where does "Twas a dark and stormy night" come from?
What's your idea to turn our world into one like a game?
What is your favourite depiction of behavioural economics concepts in fiction?
How many years off is WWIII (theoretically)?
Who do you think are the worst heroes in fiction?
If you had to write a fictional story, using at least 10 popular Quorans as characters, how would it go?
With tropes like The Chosen One and Love Solves All Problems, is young adult fiction becoming too unrealistic and too anti-intellectualist these days?
How is a literary genre modified?
Why do the Yautja hunt humans?
What are the most famous fictional cities that people don't realize aren't real places?
How would a orbital platform in science fiction be infiltrated?
How would you kill Batman?
What’s a small little fictional story about getting diagnosed with an unknown disease? I won’t copy it and write it down; I just need ideas.
Is the fandom for the musical Hamilton creepy for treating historical figures like fictional characters?
What kinds of things would an evil step-mother do in a fairy tale?
Can you explain the plot of the All Good Things movie?
What are some intense reads (not about romance and stuff) for young adults?
Are fictional characters allowed to make out in a TV-Y7 show?
What would a fictional war look like between Mankind and vampires?
Is Aramaic a fictional language?
Why are many girls writing dark pieces of fiction?
What are some Fiction books that deal with the madonna wh()re complex?
What is the meaning of “enchanting fictional territory” in Bengali?
Is it normal that I can't relate to any fictional characters from books or movies?
How true or false is the new book by Richard Muller "Now -- The Physics of Time"?
Why is Boston depicted as so gritty and crime ridden in films? Aren't some of the best colleges in the world in Boston?
Is science in fiction science?
What is the saddest story you can make up?
What if I make up a fictional story to use on a crowdfunding site? Am I legally prosecutable?
What fictional books would you recommend that are set during the Great Depression?
Which fictional character do you want to be?
Is astronomy a science or a fictional concept.?
Which science fiction universes represents slavery as one of its main themes?
Is it scientifically possible to one day wake up and all forms of communication are down including the Internet and planes can't fly?
What is fiction?
What do people mean by "high-concept" whatever (like "high-concept science fiction", or "high-concept thriller"?
What fictional character does shivi Agarwal have the biggest crush on?
What is a good young adult novel like "The Perks of Being a Wallflower"?
What word matches with "poisonous infection" and "mind-reading" the same way as the other matches given?
Do you know of an example of literary fan fiction which is as good as or even better than the original author’s work?
What was your reaction to Atlas Shrugged and why?
What are the best books on art of negotiation in literary fiction?
Are the so called 'serious' literary fictions intellectually void?
How much of HBO's subscriber base will they lose when Game of Thrones ends?
What are some good spy novels written for adults?
How do you effectively describe a concussion in a work of fiction if you've never had one before?
How can I write good first person prose in fiction?
Are there books with plots in which the protagonist is going against perfection?
Why do I get weirdly attached to fictional characters who look like me?
What are the NGOs in Kolkata that accept fiction book donations?
What are your favorite science-fiction novels of the last 20 years?
If you were to create a fictional explanation for the origin of any number, what might it be?
What is the snowflake method of writing fiction?
Why didn't the Mad King have a dragon?
What are new elements in Fantasy Fiction that people are looking for but not have seen yet, as in not seen in books or movies?
On the Internet there is a fan fiction "drarry", is it fact or just fiction? If it is fact, is there any proof?
How do I become a professional fiction writer?
What fictional warrior could rival a Space Marine?
I have a story about an assassin who confronts and kills both her parents who abandoned her, what dialogue should I use for the confrontation?
Is a hoax or fake news fiction?
Homeopathic medicine is fiction. Why do so many people still recommend it?
How, in your opinion, can sensuality and intimacy be conveyed better in fiction (books, movies, TV)?
What if a fictional character entered a comic convention?
How do I write believable major corporations that have strong power over society?
What is the name of the protagonist’s galaxy in ‘Sin Noticias de Gurb’ (No Word From Gurb) by Eduardo Mendoza?
Is the website "Wikia" a great place for fictional writing?
What can go through a person's mind when he discovers that his girlfriend and his male roommate are actually one existence with two bodies?
What are examples of fictional schemes or accounts that have then occurred in real life?
What are some book recommendations for an avid reader?
If I decide to post my short fiction stories here, will I still be the complete owner according to Quora's Terms and Conditions?
Is fan fiction legal?
Which are good courses/classes for foreign fiction writers to learn to write in English?
Is it arrogant when a fictional character in a book is described as being the best writer in the world and the author quotes the character's work?
Is fictional and hypothetical scenario interchangeable?
What are the best thriller books in fiction and science fiction genre?
In the 'Stranger Than Fiction' movie, why does the main character have to be killed in the end?
Which are some of the best fiction novels?
What is the best vampire fiction with a female vampire?
I have started a fiction blog. How can I get my stories reviewed?
What are some tips for beginning imaginative fiction writers?
There was a place called Mahismati in ancient India. Is the story in Bahubali a fiction, or a fiction created around some real incident?
what do you feel after reading a fiction novel?
What fictional characters have the name 'Underwood'?
Where in Lucknow can I buy new/used fiction novels at cheap prices?
Which series of fiction books can be the beginning point for a newbie reader of fiction?
[SPOILER] Will GRRM kill Rickon in the books — virtually extinguishing the Stark male line?
Will a fictional book on startup and its precarious journey work?
Does a clone know it's a clone?
If you were required to write a Non fiction book in 2016, what would the title be and why?
Do you know the fictional character Blair Waldorf from the famous TV series ?
If you could build a 5 person zombie survival team using any fictional or real characters, who would you choose?
Are there any libraries in Hyderabad that have a good collection of fiction and non-fiction for a 9-year-old near Yosufguda?
Why negative numbers were considered real despite being only mirror image of those defined as real positive numbers, where any mirror image is unreal?
How do I know that a book is fictional or non fictional?
So, SF, sci-fi, science fiction or speculative fiction? And does it really matter.
Can you write about somewhere you've never been for a fiction book? If so, how?
Could you plug a fictional characters stats in a probability algorithm and why or why not?
What are some early fictional examples of aliens visiting or living on earth for non-invasion-related purposes?
In fiction why don't immortal people age?
Does habitual viewing of a particular tv fiction series, such as Bonanza versus Gunsmoke, influence choice of political party?
What is the most accurate way to write down yourself as a fictional character?
What is your favorite play written by Ibsen?
[SPOILER] Did Cersei send Jaime away so that she would be free to slaughter everyone?
In "The Accountant,” could we say the English woman over the phone could be a real character?
Can an author of fiction use trademarked sports team names?
What is the best encyclopedia of fantasy and science fiction literature?
What similarities are there between Westworld (fictional world) and Google (in real life)?
What are some good detective/mystery books featuring a locked room mystery that have come out in the last five years?
What is your favorite Force move?
Is it a bad idea to have protagonist just read a diary or letter for few chapters as a way to tell the backstory?
Is Johann Conrad Dippel The real inspiration for Frankenstein?
What are some science fiction short stories similar to Blood Music, Utriusque Cosmi, and True Names?
Who is your least favourite fictional character?
Who are some fictional bisexual men?
What are some examples of science fiction in the past becoming science fact today?
Who thinks the stories on Quora are mostly fiction?
Which fictional character would you most not get on with?
What author has written the most words?
How much do you earn as a content writer in India?
What are some tips for writing young adult fiction?
What is a fiction novel with something to say about wisdom?
How can I publish my fiction novel?
Is it OK for me to take a job because I anticipate it'll give me ideas for writing fiction?
If you could assemble a team of 5 fictional warriors, who would you choose?
Under which circumstances do fictions become accepted as reality?
What are some accurate depictions of linguistic fieldwork in fiction?
What's your favorite prediction in science fiction?
How do I overcome my fear of writing fiction books? I'm afraid of my old bullies coming back to haunt me, and of general judgment.
Why doesn't Ramsay just attack the Wildlings now? Why is he waiting while Jon is gathering an army?
Which writers would you nominate for induction into a pantheon of genre fiction?
In fictional stories, how far is too far?
What are similarities in writing a poem and a fiction?
What are the standard procedures/precautions taken by characters in conspiracy fiction when meeting secretly/discreetly?
What are the characteristics of a fiction book?
What are some amazingly beautiful gay romantic fiction novels one must read?
What are some recently launched e-books in space and science fiction?
How can an author write fiction that sells?
Do you have to ask an author's permission if you mention their novel within your own fiction? What if they are deceased?
What are the best indian science fiction novels?
What fictional weapon and/or armor would you like to own?
Can you truly love a fictional character?
Why aren't there more novels written in Sophie's World style framing?
Should I read multiple books at the time or only one at the time? (Non fiction books!)?
Is R K Narayan's Malgudi considered "fantasy fiction"?
How could a person seriously believe the super villains of comic book movies are the good guys?
You find yourself controlling TWO bodies: your original one, and your ideal body of the opposite sex. I can explain your situation. Any questions?
What is the finest army in the Galaxy according to different works of fiction?
When was the first time you were published in a fiction magazine?
How is a (long) story developed?
Which book (fiction or non-fiction) is your personal favorite?
Who are some good book authors on fiction, thrillers or fantasy?
Are there any enjoyable fiction books that will help you improve your grammar?
In most fictional media, when a black supporting character is in a position of power, how come they are depicted as incompetent or corrupt?
What are some of the best flash fiction?
What are some fictional characters nom de guerre?
If you had to live in any authoritarian society (real or fictional) which would you live in?
What are the most interesting concepts in science fiction?
After writing a fiction novel, is it better to find an agent or publish it on Kindle?
What major lead characters in fiction are portrayed as physically unattractive, or average-looking?
Which TV series are similar to The Twilight Zone?
What are some fiction books about serial killers?
Can you write a story about a girl with a bad vocabulary?
What is the fiction book you would read again if you are out of books?
In science fiction battle scenes, why don't the weapons all have guidance systems so that they are 100% accurate?
How can I create a fictional universe?
IS the recession in Nigeria fact or fiction?
What do you think of the Batman/Wonder woman pairing and its hints in the Justice League animated series as well as the comic universe?
Will we see a Batman/Wonder Woman pairing in the upcoming movie?
How would a fiction writer be able to create unique fantasy races that aren’t just Elves, Dwarfs and Orcs under different names?
What is the hidden meaning behind "Poison" by Dahl?
Can Edo Tensei be used in other fictional verses?
What would be the most powerful fictional character to be written in existence?
Was Bruce's dream about the Flash warning him real or just a dream? Was it a major spoiler hinting towards a possible Injustice movie?
Is constitutionalism real or a fiction?
Is there any Government financial support for starting a khadi unite?
The idea of the West has been a strong influence on American fiction, what can we get with reference to Irving, Cooper, and Fitzgerald?
What are the best books to read on mysteries and fantasies?
What if Ben 10 is not just science fiction?
Is a work of fiction some how inspired by life?
Why do I want to spend all of my time reading fiction?
Is there future prose besides Science Fiction and Fantasy?
What fictional item do you want in real life?
What fictional things, creatures and people should be real?
Why do some people dislike the Indian writer Chetan Bhagat?
Have you read science fiction mythology books like Shiva trilogy and do you think there should be more books like that?
Which author (fiction) do you think gets you the most and why?
Will anyone ever become a proper fiction writer if they don't load their characters with curses?
In this era of alternative facts, how do you personally differentiate between fact and fiction?
Why does crime fiction always come in a series?
Is it proper to include real pictures of places and natural setting in a work of fiction, say a novel?
What is your review of The Fault In Our Stars (2012 book)?
If I read fiction, does it count as reading? Will it be beneficial? I'm tired of reading on self growth and motivation.
What fictional world has the most unique looking creatures?
I created fictional parents to cope with mine, now I think I'm losing it?
I want to begin writing a science fiction book, but I haven't read enough of them to know what separates the good from the great. Any recommendations?
Who are the best science communicators in the world?
Where can I legally read Eragon online for free?
Would you be interested in an esoteric fiction book set in Atlantis? And why?
What does the novel "Don Quijote de la Mancha" (Don Quixote) tell us about the human nature?
What are the best science fiction books for children?
Are fictional characters real?
Why most fiction works are published as series?
Are there any fiction writing competions on the net that are free to enter?
Even though it is said by GRRM that the world of ASOIAF is bigger than ours, why does it feel that it is the opposite?
From a science fiction standpoint, how could I create a human with eagle abilities in the lab? What could the accident/incident be?
What would a modern-day Modern Times be about?
What book or movie describes the difficulty of destroying an inbound nuclear warhead (past boost phase) due to something akin to "cavitation"?
When writing fantasy, what are some tropes that could potentially kill my story?
What does the fiction genre try to accomplish?
What are fictional secret societies?
When will "The Winds of Winter", by George R.R. Martin, be published?
What are some American fiction novels about sorcery and swords, but focuses mainly on one protagonist?
What are the different earths in the DCU map of the multiverse?
Is it possible to hate literary fiction but love literature?
Can an author of fiction be sued for libel, despite the "all persons fictitious" disclaimer in the book?
I'm looking for a great fictional book, that will teach me something new and interesting. Can you recommend me some?
I love reading, but only fiction and sci-fi. How do I get myself to read more useful books like biographies or autobiographies?
Is '1984' a science fiction or a political fiction masquerading as a science fiction?
Does Bran Stark know about Jon's parentage after the flashbacks on season 6 episode 6?
Is there any fiction written in chronological style?
Can I sell my movie as a 90-page story than a movie script?
How do I get an agent for my memoir, autobiographical fiction book?
What fictional character or creature is labelled as “true neutral” in the middle of this moral alignment chart?
Which author created the biggest number of fictional characters?
Is it better or easier to write about fictional characters that are different than you?
Why do fiction writers struggle to find a career in India?
How do you make a detective case for a mystery fiction? What are the steps to do so?
What fictional places have governing assembly?
What is your favourite fictional vehicle?
Is Melisandre a threat now that Jon Snow dismissed her?
Are there non-fiction books that are as interesting as fiction novels?
What's the perfect resume to be the lead of a fiction series?
Can we add self made plants, animals and other things to our fantasy novel?
What are some of the best quotes in fiction ever?
What are some mindbending books to read about philosophy or science fiction?
Are there any sex scenes in The Wheel of Time series?
How much of coincidence is acceptable in fiction?
What are some good thought-provoking books to read like Fahrenheit 451, A Song of Ice and Fire, and The Catcher in the Rye?
Why is WWII more focused on in both fiction and nonfiction historical novels than WWI?
What is your review of Quoran Holiday, Chapters 6-8. A novel by Sed Chapman?
Why is chick lit/women's fiction considered a genre? Isn't that kind of sexist?
Why are books on science of the non fiction category priced heavily?
What are the tropes of young adult fiction which have not yet become cliche?
Why do people like science fiction?
Who is the most cruel fictional character?
How do i become fiction/nonfiction book writer?
How did being named after a fictional character affect your life?
What other books are there like Da Vinci Code or Inferno, that are fictional stories based on real historical events - by authors other than Dan Brown?
What's a good fiction or non-fiction book about India that would be interesting for a foreigner to read?
Which are some fictional characters that actually resemble any person in the world?
Why has Hindi literature been abstemious in its exploration of themes?
Why are nerds strong believers of fiction?
What are some examples of unusual or counter-intuitive, fictional deities/pantheons?
What advice would you give to someone who wants to write his first fiction?
What stories prove that "truth is stranger than fiction"?
Who is one woman in history or fiction that you would converse with for an hour and why? What would you talk about?
Science fiction is sometimes divided into "hard" and "soft" science fiction. What do they actually mean?
What can I offer the demon Abbadon (destroyer, King of Demons) in a deal?
What are some common character types in thriller fiction novels?
Has the Internet been good for authors of fiction, in terms of their development or success?
Was the idea of The Matrix derived from any science fiction novel?
What are some good personifications of fear in fiction? Like Phobos from Greek mythology.
Does Oldtown and the Citadel have a working theory on Mendelian genetics and inheritance?
Which fictional character would like to add in Game of Thrones and why?
If I want to start reading Russian novels, with which one should I start?
How do I find and commission a fiction writer?
Based on your personality, what fictional character would you get along with the most?
Do you know any liberal fiction writers?
Who would win in a Game of Thrones battle? Robert Baratheon or Arya Stark?
Is writing fiction from a news article be a "derivative work" under copyright?
What is the best relationship you've ever had with a fictional woman?
Who do you think is the best Stone's player in the Wheel of Time?
I have autism. Why wouldn't the act of reading fiction books invoke as much emotion in me as they seem to in other people?
What encourages people to keep going in apocalyptic worlds?
Do you know what urban Muslim fiction is and why it is important?
Who are the richest fictional TV characters?
What is the best most well written villain origin/back story?
Who is the oldest character (in terms of awareness) in all of science fiction?
Who are some vlog- or bloggers that discuss their novels, lore, maps, or art?
What are some good, non romanticized portrayals of eating disorders in fiction?
In terms of content, what differentiates religion from fiction?
What characteristics define narrative fiction?
Have you ever wonder what heroes do in their spare time?
What are the best fiction novels of 2015?
What are some examples in fiction of a mortal becoming an utterly *true* biological immortal?
What is the last fiction book or film you'd want turned into an opera?
For the sake of science fiction, how would it be possible in our system for someone to be immortal and go unnoticed?
Writing Fiction: Is there any kind of society or 'imagined society' that has people given rations based on a social level?
The Dark Knight/Batman Trilogy (movie series): Who is a more terrifying villain: Nolan's Bane or the Joker?
What will Jaime do when Cersei is dead?
How should one write angels in Christian fiction?
What are some cool philosophical fiction books?
As an amateur fiction writer, I struggle to create a proper beginning for my stories. Do you have any advice for me?
What are some things/materials/objects from fiction that you would like to see in real life that most people wouldnt think about?
How long should a fictional series(tv/book) last? Why?
Which fictional businesses would have the worst Yelp reviews?
What are some some good literary fiction based on current geo political realities?
Can a story that is very metaphorical but doesn't use animals still be called an allegory?
Do electro nets existed in real life like they do in works of fiction?
What are the conventional academic historical boundaries to separate Contemporary Fiction from Classical Fiction?
What does "general fiction" mean?
Who is the most mysterious character in all of literature?
What are some ways to make a great goofy main character in fiction?
When is it acceptable to include a real person in a work of fiction, and when I should substitute a fictional character based on them?
How do fictional and non fictional characters compare and contrast?
If you wanna write a fan fiction of your favorite Chinese novel, what elements will you add into your work?
Can one use real people sayings in a fictional book?
Do we have people named Sam Fisher in the real world and fictional works besides Splinter Cell series?
What is a good title for a fictional novel that has something to do with piano and a girl?
Why doesn't anybody care that Maude from "Harold and Maude" steals cars?
If you have talent for writing, what are the steps you can take to become a really great fictional writer?
Would you read a dark science fiction novel based in India?
What is your favorite moment/scene in a fantasy book, based on how it made you feel?
Other than Galactus, Anti-Monitor and Mandrakk, which fictional characters from anywhere eat planets (With images if possible please)?
What are 2 non fiction pieces in a similar style, by the same author, but about different subjects?
Do you mentally create fictional countries in great details?
How can I see to it that my fiction works reach far and wide?
How do vampire hunters use the sun as their ally and main weapon?
Is it wrong to be in love with a fictional character that is impossible in reality?
How should I start writing fiction?
What does the Russian people think about being portrayed as the bad guys in most of American fiction?
What should I do to become great fiction writer independent of the genre?
What order of monks would be a good choice for a fictional tale of monks who fight the supernatural?
What are some writing tips for young aspiring fiction authors?
Is Malcolm Gladwell the greatest fiction (not a typo) writer of all time?
How do writers write about real places (not fictional cities or world) and cultures they don't have first hand experience of?
If you were to write a fictional story of our country in the Philippines, what would it be and why?
Which science fiction stories have directly presaged actual inventions?
What is some good historical fiction to read about Istanbul?
Do you still benefit mentally from reading non-fiction as opposed to fiction books in your vocabulary?
How do I create a fictional character and make it famous?
Which one is better when writing fiction, "I'm” or “I am"?
Why do so many fiction writers choose either magic or modern technology in their worlds? Why do people see it as oil and water?
Can anybody tell me some fiction novels?
What are some of the most overrated novels of all time?
Have you ever passed fiction as a fact while writing about yourself on Quora as an anonymous person?
What are some common fictional names and places used in movies?
What are some of the challenges of writing about and portraying mental illness in fiction?
Can someone help me come up with a title for my fan fiction?
Is David Icke a truth seeker, a disinformation agent/artist or a science fiction writer?
Can you name some interesting and the best fictional and non fictional novels?
How do you create a dynamic world in your fiction writing?
Who are some people who were dubbed as the "most beautiful in the world" beside Hedy Lamarr?
Can fiction writers raise funds from patrons, online or otherwise?
Which two fictional characters would you want to see face off on screen?
Is there a media thesaurus out there? Something that tracks themes, storylines, subject matter and genre across ALL mediums?
Why is the Chosen One trope so common in Young Adult Fiction? What does it say about teenage psychology?
What are some good fiction novels for a beginner reader?
Why do you find it necessary to put fiction on this site?
What would be the ship name of Jack Reacher and Bob Lee Swagger?
What is your biggest pet peeves writers do in fiction?
What is apocalyptic about "The Handmaid's Tale's" society?
How plausible is our future to be as in The Matrix?
Which magazines accept unsolicited fiction submissions?
What are good fiction books to start with?
Which authors are most well known for creating in-depth fictional worlds?
Is a science fiction force field possible given our current scientific knowledge?
I talk to fictional characters inside my head. Is this unhealthy?
What are some great monologues from science fiction literature dealing with utopia or futurist concepts?
Have you ever written fiction, then found something you made up to be true?
Would you introduce your own fictional character like Sherlock Holmes? What would his role be and what would you like him to do in your stories?
Which fictional world would you be the most terrified to wake up in, and why?
Was Radha a fictional character?
Why don't many people understand genetic research  in fiction stories?
I want to read X-Men comics, though I have never read a single X-Men comic before. Where should I begin?
Is the God of Ebrahim the most unpleasant character in all fiction?
I am looking beta readers who is interested in Beta reading for 90k words fictional novel?
What are some disturbing examples of "romances" in literature and movies?
How can governments and other sciences help mathematicians receive better treatments than in the past?
Which Harry Potter Ilvermorny and/or Hogwarts house would Obama be sorted into?
In creative writing, what is the best way to deal with the fact that almost everything has been said and done?
Are there any sympathetic narcissistic fictional characters?
How many lifespans of training and fighting have the Yautja been doing?
Is Game of Thrones becoming more fantastical in season 6? Do people find this more or less interesting than the realistic plots?
What will you do if you were on a cruise ship and the purge started?
What would doctors do in a world without diseases, accidents or natural calamities?
Is Agent Smith the greatest science fiction villain of all time?
Have you ever been the inspiration for a fictional character?
What are some great fiction books that teenagers can engage in and get them thinking?
What type of science fiction novels are enticing to you?
Is reading fiction books beneficial in life?
Why does science fiction tend to portray some kind of laser as the primary projectile weapon?
Who is the most powerful artificial intelligence character in fiction?
What should I research when writing a realistic fiction book about a lawyer in a massive, controversial murder trial?
Where can I get a list of all of the fictional characters based in India? How?
How can you add dark atmosphere to a fictional story?
Could our universe be fictional?
What are the best Fiction books read once in a Life time and Why?
Do you think Hank Green would ever write a fiction book?
Do 'corporate troubleshooters' like Katla from the Amsterdam Assassin Series really exist?
In what ways do fictional stories influence our behavior?
What type of passion is required for clearing CA final?
What are some titles for a fictional stoner television show?
Which movies have high adult content and sex?
I want to write serious fiction but I always lose interest if I don't write in a funny style. How do I keep writing?
What themes in fiction do people want to read about today?
How do I successfully add suspense to my fiction?
Is there hope for quality gay fiction and if it's out there where can it be found?
What are the best books on how to write fiction?
Could you name science fiction writers from outside the Anglosphere?
Are the talking portraits at Hogwarts the actual people in the picture talking or is it an echo of what they might say?
Are the incidents described on Quora answers real or just fictional stories?
Which is the most interesting book (fiction)?
I consider Lolita (Nabokov) and Hitchhiker series (Adams) to be the very best of literary fiction. What books do you think I'd find great?
Are there any science fiction novels about terraforming of Earth?
Have you ever read Twitter Fiction?
Can you make a story using following words Man, women, Elephant, super power, Ice, Fire, Time?
What are some examples of themes and topics in that are not discussed in literary fiction but should be?
I had an idea for a story. I thought of a historical fiction/fantasy type story. Is there any events in history that you would recommend me using?
Do I need to write a "Bible" for a fictional religion?
How do I show the world in 2060 in a novel I'm writing, which is not science fiction? The novel is about human emotions, but I need to show it in 2060.
Is there a site where you can get an informational paper written on any topic, even fictional ones?
Who is coolest fictional robotic character of all time?
What are some pointers and tips for writing convincing, authentic bipolar characters in fiction?
What if alternate universes are created from fictional stories we make?
What if the fictional character Slender Man existed?
Why does one need to read a fiction book?
What historical fiction book involves George Washington being executed for trying to raise taxes?
What are your top 5 strongest Universes in fiction?
What are the top five best romance novels you've ever read? (Or more than five)?
If you were to pick a Middle Earth race to fight the White Walkers, which race would you pick? (LOTR, GOT)
Can you recommend some good fiction books with the action taking place in Miami?
Is there an encyclopedia that covers fiction writers that tells you about their writing style and how they contributed to the literature?
What is the largest fictional empire ever created?
In different works of fiction do vampires keep their intelligence and/or does it increase?
What are some topic or themes that you wish more fictional books focused on?
Is there any historical fiction (movies or novels) about Native American removal, genocide, or life during that time?
What are some good examples of real life and fictional conflict to learn from for good storytelling?
If the world of 1984 were real, what are the chances of it ever becoming ''normal'' again?
What science fiction novel portrays the future of humanity most promisingly?
Is it illegal to make a wanted poster of a fictional person?
Which books are influenced you most: fictional books or non-fictional ones?
You're writing a fiction series, and come across an unknown (to you) author whose story is very similar to your concept. What do you do?
What are the fiction stories that are intersting to read?
Can I use the name of a fictional book character as my modelling name?
How can an amateur fiction writer learn to compose effortless prose?
Which science fiction movie is the most accurate in terms of science, and which is not?
Science Fiction Authors: What is Stanislaw Lem's best book besides Solaris?
What is the darkest piece of fiction ever created?
Which are the best crime fiction books?
How hard is it to publish a fiction book in a traditional way for a first time writer as of today?
A supernatural portal opens up and gives you the once in a life time chance to join any fictional universe. There's no turning back. Do you do it?
Are there European writer's workshops focused on Science Fiction and Fantasy?
How do you become a decent fiction writer?
What are you tired of in the modern fantasy genre?
What are the top 10 Crime Fiction books?
What are some of the best novels centred around the life of people during World War 2?
What are some of the best fiction books of all time?
Which non-academic fiction books would Awdhesh Singh suggest that are related to bureaucracy?
What are some summoning's that can be reversed in works of fiction and books?
What are the best fiction/sci-fy books about Space?
What are the life rules of Ice Age characters?
Why do extraterrestrial and fantasy races in fiction tend to have considerably longer lifetimes than humans do?
Why do authors give simple death to the most hateful characters?
Do you know a fictional languages written in circles like a mandala?
What are some works of fiction that present novel philosophy?
What is the best simple but comprehensive Pen and Paper system for a science fiction scenario?
How do you write a non-fictional (biographical) novel with conversations that are true to what happened?
What's so great about William Faulkner?
What are your thoughts on incorporating religion into fiction?
Do the Yazidi people have Kurdish names or Arabic names?
What is a nasciturus fiction or rule, and when is it put into practice?
I'm creating a fictional Empire; which elements must it have to function properly?
How do I write a beautiful fiction story?
What are the best nonfiction and fiction books of 2016?
If you could have any fictional spaceship, along with its whole crew, which ship would you want?
What is the best way to deal with jungle-based guerrillas?
Why are the Crypts of Winterfell so important in Game of Thrones?
Who is your favourite fiction writer? Why?
What does in , 'Cometh the hour', "she should have been christened portia" signifies?
What are some of the best novels which can be made into a movie like Bahubali in India?
Which films depicting fictional, nonviolent events, are the most difficult to watch?
What are some flash fiction ideas?
What is the best way to find Christian fiction readers?
What are some good fiction books/book series about angels?
What are some really interesting epic fantasy fiction books?
How has fiction writing changed in the last decade?
Are there novels that talked about people that lived forever?
Which books have you read more than 2 times?
How do you feel about authors rating their own books on Goodreads & thereby bringing their rating up?
Which is the best library in Delhi for reading fiction novels?
What was the name of that cartoon about a female donkey & a living snowman & if I remember correctly a crow?
How do you decide to buy a non fictional book before reading it?
What are some good Harry and Ginny Soul Bond fan fiction stories?
What things in Tolkien's fictional universe are based on actual events?
What are some fictional books like 1984?
Why would anyone learn a fictional language?
How does Stannis Baratheon compare to Tywin Lannister?
Are there any characters in fiction, besides Rhaegar Targaryen, who have "The Last Dragon" as an alias?
What is fiction and nonfiction writing?
What in your opinion are some of the most overrated horror/fantasy/science fiction novels of all time?
Are there any major characters in fiction who struggle coping with psychopathic tendencies?
What are some supernatural fiction books that have widespread critical acclaim?
Are warp drives science fiction or future reality?
What are some good fiction books that explore the emotions of separation, loneliness and longing?
How do I read fiction deeply and really enjoy it?
Why is there no fiction on humans visiting the aliens?
Is there any automated fiction story plot designing software?
Are there fictional characters who just enjoy life and avoid commitments?
Is this order of reading A Feast for Crows and A Dance with Dragons recommended? http://boiledleather.com/post/25902554148/a-new-readerfriendly-combined-reading-order-for-a?
Any rationalfic where hero is normal, fighting superpowered enemies using his/her own intellect, a-la The Metropolitan Man?
What are the best fiction books on Christ?
Does something like a mesh armor really exist, or is it fiction?
How is fiction/poetry necessary?
How does a fiction writer prepare for a long and productive writing session?
When you are writing fiction, how much plotting do you do before you start?
What would happen if Dumbledore was straight?
How can a 11 year old have the emotional maturity to write a fiction novel, lets say with 300 pages?
If you could go into any fictional world, which would you choose?
What is the most depressing story (excluding love/breakups) real/fiction?
At what extent does old science fiction books or movies predicted current technology?
Why do I have a crush on a fictional character from a live-action show?
IN Game of Thrones, the younger characters (Arya, Bran, Tommen) have obviously aged, but how many years have passed since the beginning of the show?
What are your favorite books from the 21th century written by women?
What are some books on comparative mythology?
Why am I dreaming about this fictional character?
Which is the most popular Chinese fiction in English readers?
Is there any 80s or earlier science book (not science fiction) which 'predicted' that video calling would one day become an everyday phenomenon?
Would the Harry Potter universe be able to defend itself against the Star Wars universe in an all out war?
What is the most interesting fictional world?
I am currently writing a fiction story about a child being forced into human trafficking and how can I make sure the story is accurate and realistic?
What’s the best book to read that isn't fiction?
How is "City of Ember" science fiction?
Is Aristotle a fictional or real person?
Is the word "Speedster" copyrighted, or can anybody use it in a work of fiction?
What is some fiction/literature that appeals to those prone to schadenfreude?
After the ‘Lost Symbol’, ‘Angels and Daemons’ and ‘The DA Vinci Code’, where next will Robert Langdon head in Dan Brown’s next novel?
Why did the FNAF creator make it look like Sister Location stole the ideas for Funtime Freddy and Funtime Foxy from Freddy Fazbear's Pizza?
What tools and resources can be recommended to make a fictional culture?
Is crushing on a fictional character silly if you're looking to be in a real relationship one day? Or is it good to know what to look for in someone?
Which books are best at making people more desirous of life?
Who are the best stylists in 20th century American fiction?
What are the qualities required for a spy thriller or fiction thriller writer?
Where would I best find a consultant on the Galileo mission to Jupiter if I needed one for a (semi-fictional) novel?
Where do you find the inspiration or motivation to write your fiction novels?
How important is it to read fiction if you want to become a fiction author?
Why a dream sequence in fiction novels is considered a risk?
Is space colonisation something seriously considered by scientists, or is it just fiction?
Who is the fastest person ever across all forms of fiction?
If you could have dinner with any real or fictional character, who would it be and why?
How do I work more goals and payoffs into my paranormal fantasy novel?
In literature, what is a fictional narrative?
What would happen if Tyrion Lannister met Barney Stinson?
What are some good fiction books of 2016?
What are best books over the last 10 years in Indian fiction reflecting Indian middle class attitudes post 1991 reforms?
Are there good creative outlets for fantasy world building if you’re not interested in narrative fiction?
Can Tarzan happen in real life?
How can I stop being extremely sorry for fictional characters?
Are there any sci-fi stories where humans are morally ambiguous?
If a book is deemed "semi-autobiographical", is it considered a book of fiction?
What are some fictional characters who are famous for finding things?
What are some of the most obscure but intentional pop culture references that you have come across in movies, tv series, etc.?
What are examples in historical fiction of effective narrative exposition used to place a nation, people, or culture into historical context?
What if all the planets in solar system supported life and there'd be a significant population living on each one?
If I want to read books to improve myself and grow, should I read fiction?
Who believes that Mahabharata didn't happen? And its just an art of fiction?
What are the most mind blowing science-fiction short stories?
How do fiction and non-fiction books differ?
Are we all characters in a piece of fiction?
Where should I start from the new DC rebirth?
Has a fictional series ever had to change its plot because a fan theory correctly predicted what was going to happen?
Although fictional, Quelcrist Falconer sounds fairly cool to me. What do you think?
Can one write a fiction with ideas involve religions, as the fiction says: "this is in no attempt to offend anyone in any way" in advance?
I’m planning to set up a story in America even though I haven't visited there. How can I research about the localities?
What are the best safe websites to get critiques on your creative writing, such as short stories or chapters of unpublished novels?
Have you ever read fanfiction based on your own work? If so, how did it make you feel? What are your thoughts about it?
I haven't read a fiction book since school (I am 29). What books do you recommend I start with?
What consequences of common science fiction elements are rarely explored?
Which fiction books by women writers should one read before they die and why?
Why is it easy for some people to follow the plot of a film or a fiction but hard for others? Is it innate or are you able to practise the ability?
What is a fictional work that is genuinely good but has a terrible fan base?
Where can I submit my flash fiction and get paid?
How is the backdrop setting established in a horror fiction?
Why do people find fact more appealing than fiction?
Can I have some fiction book recommendations which does not involve romance and horror elements?
Are there any literary characters of note who were polar opposites in personality, etc, from the author who created them?
What are some good non-fiction books about ancient Rome?
What are some realistic fiction story ideas for starters?
How would you design your own fictional vampires?
Who was the fiction writer who wrote short stories inspired by math, including one about a mathematician who found a contradiction in arithmetic?
Are the Macross theatrical release movies considered canon in regards to the animated series?
Have you come across a novel of fictional US government cover-up/conspiracy published in around 1940s?
What is the best writing references online for epic fantasy writing and historical fiction? Which blogs/websites/social media is good?
Poetry is 1000s of years old, novels only 100s; who led the revolt of the fiction writers against poetry, what were their aims, did they succeed?
Can anyone please suggest some interesting topics to write a novel on.
Who is the best author of historical non-fiction?
I want to write fiction but have no ideas. What should I do?
How do I write a science fiction romance novel that actually sells?
Am I legally allowed to create a fictional character with the same powerset as Superman, but with a completely different status quo? Why/why not?
What was science fiction called before the term "science fiction" was coined in 1929?
What are the best books to read? Fiction or non-fiction.
What are the most unlikely friendships in fiction?
Are all the answers / stories written on Quora true or some are just made up by some people with their exceptional writing skills?
Is the Sword of Truth series making a statement about our world today?
If you had to name the single book that influenced your life, which book it would be?
How do I find a fitting name for my fictional character?
What are the best English fiction books of 2016?
Is fantasy corrupting the honor of science fiction literature?
What are some of the key themes explored in social science fiction works?
Which small publishers specialize in literary fiction?
Some say that truth is stranger than fiction? Do you believe in it?
Who would win in a fight between Hulk and Batman?
Why do some people think Sansa betraying Jon is out of the question just because they're family?
If you could save any fictional character, whom would you save?
Were Romeo and Juliet wrong to disobey their families by continuing to see one another and did they get what they deserved in the end?
What do you think about identifying as a fictional character to cope?
Are fantastic and speculative fiction the same?
Is it ok to be emotionally numb but still be triggered by reading about fictional characters?
What do you think would happen to Jon Snow if Ned Stark told Catelyn about his actual birthmother?
Is 4000 words for the first chapter of a fictional novel too long?
What are the strongest fictional characters?
Excluding Rhaegar, which Targaryen ancestors does Jon Snow most resemble in terms of personality?
I am planning to write a fantasy fiction novel. What do beginners like me should know?
When writing a fictional book/story on football, can I use names of actual clubs/players?
How do I make reading a daily habit? What are some good books to get me started?
How do you prevent people who flat out deny peer-reviewed science from getting under your skin?
Am I the only one who doesn’t cry when there is a really dramatic death in a piece of fiction?
Is Asgardi country real or just science fiction?
What famous fictional (animated, comic, even superhero) character is a real health nut?
What are the best literary fiction books you've come across?
I have just finished writing my first fiction story. Should I apply for a copyright first and then send my manuscript to various publishers?
Is it possible to play Go while blind, like Bram in the Amsterdam Assassin Series?
What would be better titles for each ASOIAF book?
Are there any science fiction books written like a diary or a journal?
How do Science Fiction writers who write in the future get through future technology and the reader's potential inability to relate?
What is the best of Godfather fan fiction?
Under what circumstances, if ever, do science fiction writers accept semi-developed plot lines from fans? Or is it simply seen as annoying?
What are good mystery fiction books to read?
Can you share a fictional idea for a flying beast?
If you could buy a one-way ticket to any fictitious world, which would you choose?
Are there any well known realistic fiction novels for young adults and advanced?
What are the biggest plot holes in what are otherwise solid works of fiction?
What are some good science fiction books on project Gutenberg?
Will fiction writers still be able to make a living off of writing in the next 10 years?
Is all fiction either historical or science fiction?
Is there someplace I can write fiction stories and people can rate them?
What are some good movies about emotional/psychological abuse?
Which fictional character should rule the world?
I got a science fiction book, where can I get it edited and published?
If you could choose to make a fictional element or material real, what would it be and why?
What are some fictional genocide events that make real life genocide events a drop in the bucket?
What are some good completed fan fiction in which Naruto has a daughter?
I'm 13 and I would like to create a book. My friends give me plenty of ideas, but how should I go about making my own ideas for it?
Can you aid me in my search for a character look-alike?
Am I a vampire if I need blood?
What fictional work has come closest to having what you believe to be the most realistic portrayal of extraterrestrial life?
How do I learn to write clean fiction prose?
What are some of the fictional works of the past which came true many years later?
Am I wasting my time by reading sci-fi/novels/etc?
Apart from Animal Farm, do you know any novels where roles are reversed and animals take over the planet, exploiting humans in their turn?
What was wrong mentally with Billy Loomis and Stu Macher? (Scream)
Can you write a one-page (normal notebook size) story? It can be a real, or created, fiction, adventure, horror, or love, or even sad, magic, etc., story.
Should I read non-fiction or fiction books to improve my logical thinking and speech formulation?
I have written a novel which is in editing phase. what are the best ways of marketing so that it becomes a hotcake before hitting the market?
How many David Foster Wallace fans have actually read "Infinite Jest" cover to cover?
Are there any historical fictional novels about Asiatic Mongol's rule of Eastern Europe (Golden Horde)?
In your opinion, which powerful fictional character is most likely to reach the edge of the universe unharmed?
What fictional character has the scariest superpower?
What are the indications that makes "The Book Thief" a historical fiction?
What are some fiction books that are really good but not super addicting, so that it helps me sleep, but not making me want to stay up to finish it?
Why did CSI became so popular back then when it fact it is very fictional when compared to Criminal Minds and Bones?
What is the title of a novel about a "pesky bug" that is tied to the history of digital electronics and digital systems?
Which well known fictional character is amorous, extremely caring/ethical, has a wide social network, and helps their friends a lot?
I am writing a novel with a sidekick animal character. What are some animals that are not terribly common that I can use?
What are the most common tropes and cliches in science fiction novels?
Are there any characteristics of narrative which help identify it as fiction or fact?
What will Davos do to Melisandre now that he found out about Shireen?
What are the most optimistic, awe-inspiring science fiction books you've read?
What are some effective pointers in introducing readers to a fictional world you have created?
What houses have aligned with Jon at the end of season 6?
[SPOILER] Will Sansa be manipulated by Littlefinger again after being saved from the Boltons? Doesn't he owe her?
What are some technologies that appear in non science fiction novels or movies that are currently not possible?
What scientific fact do you wish were fiction?
What is stopping us from achieving Interstellar Travel?
Is it wrong to have a crush on a fictional character?
If war and all of the world’s problems were fixed, would people still use them as topics for their books?
What are some examples of realistic transgender characters in fiction?
Are there any sympathetic psychopathic fictional characters?
Do you know a book that describes some of the most famous science fiction books written?
What are the best realistic fiction books for children?
What are some great philosophical novels?
If you have the power to bring one fictional character to life, who would it be?
Why does Motor Boat stay in the abandoned house in "Their Eyes Were Watching God"?
If you found a way to communicate with a fictional character, how would you get them to convince others of their existence?
If one wants to repurpose trademarked characters for a different work of fiction, are there legal ways to do it without spending any money?
Was Mahabharata a fictional story or historical record?
Who is the most absurdly powerful character in fiction?
What person, fictional or real, brings good luck to those around him?
What are some of the most beautiful literary descriptions of real places?
Why are crystals associated with energy storage in science fiction? Is there any science behind this?
I am 14 and want to write a fiction novel and get it published. How can I do so?
What non-fiction books should a fan of true crime read?
If I were an ant size, would I be able to see things that are normally too small to see?
What is the sci-fi genre like in a sci-fi world?
Is it normal to have a crush on a fictional character (from novels to be precise)?
What science fiction media realistically portray regenerative medicine?
Do you learn more from reading fiction or non fiction?
What are some alternatives to training montages in a novel?
Can you recommend any authors with a style reminiscent of John Steinbeck?
Who are some fictional polyamorous people?
Can Jaime ever forgive Tyrion for killing Tywin?
Who is the most powerful person in all of fiction?
In science fiction, what exactly are "life signs" that people/ships will scan for?
How do you keep people from shipping a boy with his great great aunt without explicitly saying that they are related?
What's your favorite fictional sea monsters?
What kind of fiction books do you recommend and why?
Can I write a fiction novel series about a kid who is a real life Jedi, that takes place on earth?
What lasting effects would stem from people being able to cheat death once in exchange for becoming infertile past that moment?
Not counting the Lord of the Rings books, which was the most influential work of fiction that you have ever read?
How do I get the most out of reading fiction?
What are some of the best fictional antichrist characters?
What are your recommendations for suburban mystery novels?
Why should a story set in another universe with "magic" but without mythological inspiration be still considered fantasy?
What are the odds of being able to make a comfortable living purely out of writing fiction?
How can you justify that Lord Ram was not a fictional character?
What are some great story arcs that do not conform to 'the Hero's Journey'?
I can write good fiction novels. Is that enough to generate an income for me online?
How do I make the conversations more clear in fictional crossovers?
In YA, while crafting a fantasy or science fiction world, what are some common tropes to look out for?
What are some wildebeest in fiction?
Is it okay to name a character in your story after another fictional character?
What's going on with the character dynamics in this scenario?
Are there any female fiction movie characters that wears armor instead of a sexy outfit?
How are fictional/artificial languages constructed?
Is fiction as a genre actually useless?
What are ways to combat an inability to concentrate while writing fiction?
What are some good books for beginners who want to start reading?
Where can I learn the science and the practical applications in order to write science fiction?
What elements should Netflix focus on when building a show to compete with HBO's Game of Thrones?
Which science fiction good story books are you reading these days in 2017?
Can you recommend some good books (Fiction)?
What are some great southern gothic novels?
When writing paragraphs in fiction, should I indent?
What's a good idea for a fictional novel?
Why are so many fictional women attracted to Batman?
In Indonesia, will the upcoming Vandaria Saga Universe mark a rise in fantasy fiction genres in the local literature trend?
As I reach 30, why do I prefer to watch documentary films instead of fictions? is it common when you reach 30s?
What percent of fiction protagonists have green eyes?
How does Game of Thrones end for Daenerys?
What is the best way to depict ASL in fiction writing?
What scene from Pulp Fiction comes to mind when reading Book 21 of the Odyssey?
How different would society be if people could gain the memories of their dead direct ancestors by speaking their names?
Do university libraries intentionally not stock up on fiction books?
Who is the best doctor in fiction?
What are the best fiction books that depict South American society?
What are some personality traits of people that read fiction?
Will flying cars ever be a common thing or will that forever remain a fantasy of science fiction?
What are things fiction writers do in they're stories that are irritating?
What are the Malayalam fiction books that one should read?
Should I go into screenwriting, or go into fictional storywriting instead?
What did actually happen when Percy took the lightning bolt to Zeus?
What're the steps followed to write a proper fiction?
If you could choose one fictional world to live in, which would it be?
Do any interesting stories exist that were written entirely in emoji?
Are fiction writing prompts copyrighted?
Who is your favorite author in horror and strange fiction?
How do I “simply” dress up as a male fictional character but in a female kind of way?
Which fictional character from a book, do you most resemble?
How do I improve my dialogue in a fictional thriller that I am writing?
What have been the effects of reading fiction in your life?
Is there a more beloved character in all of science fiction than Spock?
What are some of the best must read suspense fiction books?
If there was a team of villains from different fictional universes, what villains should be on it?
Can a forest be used as a weapon on a worldwide level? People speak of the danger of losing the Amazon rainforest. Can this be used as a weapon?
My daughter is 11 years old and English is her second language but she has written a fiction story. How can I help her to find publisher or agent?
How do you identify a character as racially east asian in a fantasy novel set in a fictional world without using cultural references or asian names?
What fictional universe would you like to inhabit and what fictional character would you want to interact with?
Who are the most psychologically strong fictional characters?
What is the purpose of all the italicized text in Madame Bovary?
What have you learnt from fiction that you could not have learnt from real life soon enough?
Is Rani padmini a real historical character?
Is the science fiction community biased toward left-wing content? If so, why?
How would your life change if tomorrow you learned religion was fictional?
Which are some of the best science/science fiction books/movies on space and time for recreational reading?
Are there any other fictional characters who are similar to Bella Swan?
Is it always frowned upon to include backstory in the first chapter?
Historical or fictional, what are some interesting salutes, and where are they from?
How can I stop becoming attached to something too easily, especially fictional worlds and stories?
What fictional character would you like to have as a friend?
If a fictional tech was created in real life, would the creator of the tech have to pay royalties to the creator of the fiction?
What kind of reality we should criticize from fiction movies, especially sci-fi movies, since they are basically just fiction?
What are some of the best English fictions you have read?
Who are some of the best warriors left in Game of Thrones after season 6?
What is thebest fiction book to read?
How do you distinguish between facts and fiction?
Would anyone be interested in being able to talk to a fictional character? What makes a fictional character so great?
How should I decide what some of my characters physically look like?
What are the most surreal, bizarre, and futuristic fiction movies you have ever watched?(science fiction, fantasy fiction, or horror fiction movies)
What are some good fiction books that engage mature teen readers about anything?
What are some fiction books involving witchcraft and ancient cultures?
How do I get over the fact that science cant compete with science-fiction?
Among all realistic fictional characters, like Hannibal Lector and Sherlock Holmes, who is the smartest?
What kind of non-fiction content is popular amongst Indian kids aged 6-14?
What is a religion you made up?
How do you narrate late night chat in fiction?
Which fictional movie couple do you find inspiring for your own love life?
How can I stop comparing myself and others to fictional characters?
Why are they making fictional story for upcoming "Annabelle sequel"?
What is the most depraved, gruesome graphic historical novel you have ever read ?
Are fictional characters with insane methods loved more than other characters who are sane?
What is meant by a ‘fictional group’?
How can you start as a non-fiction writer? What is the perfect writing schedule?
If you had to choose one fictional character to have sex with, who would it be?
Is the Bible the bestselling fiction ever, or are there other fictions that have sold more copies?
If you could choose any fictional character as a parent who would it be and why?
What are some fictional characters who weakness is depleted uranium?
What is the truth and fiction in the Chola Incident?
Who would win in a fight between Wonder Woman and Thor?
Is this true? “Truth becomes fiction when the fiction's true; Real becomes not-real where the unreal's real.” from Dream of the Red Chamber
If you could join any group, union or faction in the world (fact/fiction) Who would it be and why?
How can one reach the alternate ending in the interactive fiction "The Act of Misdirection"?
Which Tory MP is the closest parallel to fictional character Alan B'Stard from the New Statesman?
How can the different types of fiction be described?
Who are some of the most prominent young writers of fiction in Japan right now?
What are some highly effective techniques for writing humor in fiction?
How do fiction authors find an idea which really has enough substance for a full book? How do they finish it within a few years (if applicable)?
Can you name some interesting books that help in improving our intelligence or some interesting fiction books to read through the holidays?
Is there a science fiction book that talks about Catherine Zeta Jones in the introduction?
What should I start studying to become a science fiction writer?
Do you create fictional characters and worlds in your head? Tell me about them.
What is the worst mystery/crime novel you've ever read?
What is your favorite fictional movie character of all time? What about your favorite novel character?
What are some things I need to improve on this realistic fiction story?
What are differences in writing a poem and a fiction?
How much money can a first time author of a science fiction novel make?
What do you consider a great rough draft for fiction?
What are some good fiction books about India?
What are some of the things that one should know before writing fiction for the first time?
Who is the slowest fictional character with super speed?
What are the rewards of writing and developing a fictional character you strongly disagree with ?
What are things that one must need to decide/think about before writing a (i) non-fiction (ii) fiction book?
Who is the greatest literary character who is unquestionably in the public domain?
What are the best selling fiction books for a boy, whose age is 14?
Can science fiction be the future of science?
Are there any good fiction out there on the Halo effect?
What's the most detailed fictional world?
Were there any fiction or non-fiction books that predicted the internet?
What are some interesting fictional religions?
Is it okay to use lots of em dashes in a fiction novel?
What are some good tips for writing science fiction?
What will Storm’s End lords do in the coming war between Cersei and Dany?
Who is the best A.I villain in fiction?
Is it weird that people made fake photos and historical newspaper articles about my fictional character?
I want to write a science fiction book with complex politics driving the main plot. How can I accomplish this in a convincing way?
Do you think it is better to read about a historical period in a fiction or a nonfiction book?
What literary devices make a fictional character interesting?
Is it advisable for an aspiring YA author to read YA fiction, even if it's not impressive?
What is the most reasonable motivation for a villain/antagonist?
Which fictional character would be the most boring to meet in real life?
What are the best Armenian fiction books translated into English in the last ten years?
Is hydroxy cyclosarin the same as sarin, or it is a fictional agent?
Is landing a critical hit on someone in fighting a fictional thing or is it a real thing/term?
Are there any metrics on what kinds of animals kids like to read fiction about?
Why is helium 3 so popular as fuel in science fiction?
Which science fiction book offers the most intelligent path from present-day uncertainty to utopian-like future?
How should I represent a psychopathic character in a fiction?
In Kim Stanley Robinson's "Mars" trilogy, how long does it take to terraform the planet and how scientifically accurate is he?
What category do celebrity fan-fictions go under?
Is it possible to read fiction books while preparing for the UPSC exam?
What are some fictional and non-fictional stories that would keep children interested?
Are you fond of time travel?
If The Mountain gets killed in season 7 of Game of Thrones, who do you think will kill him and how will he be killed for good this time?
Do you know any conservative fiction writers?
What would Jesus Christ say to your favorite fictional character if He met him/her face to face?
What are some good fiction books on Indian politics?
What is it that makes possible for a real story be paired up with some fiction to make a novel out of it?
If you write a novel, which is stated to be fiction, can you (legally) say nasty things about real corporations?
Which author would you recommend to someone who likes to read political fiction?
What are examples of fictitious assets?
Medieval fictional worlds are widespread in novels, but have you ever read Victorian-inspired fictional worlds? If yes, please do give suggestions!
When writing fiction, how do you properly use prophecies?
What fictional character has the coolest plot armor?
What are some ships of unknown designs in works of fictions?
What are some fictional character birthdays?
If you could live in any fictional universe, which would it be, when would you go, and who would you be in that universe?
Are there any writers of good hard science fiction being published these days?
If you could be a fictional character, who would you be?
What are the best fictional books about a young man trying to figure out what he wants to do with his life?
Am I the only one peeved by the recent obsession with 'Broken but beautiful' female fictional characters?
What is some literature/fiction that features trolling?
What are some optimistic films about the future?
What is the worst super villain plot that you've ever heard of?
What are some examples of fiction books?
In fiction, and in reality, are there many female characters who would risk their lives to protect their men?
Why is it that in some fan fiction, writers despise Lois Lane’s being paired with Superman?
What are some underrated classic literary works?
How do I stop getting obsessed with fictional characters?
Would you read an Islamic fiction novel written by a young Muslim woman? If no, why not? If yes, what would your expectations be?
You have to choose 7 fictional human characters, to survive the zombie apocalypse, who do you choose?
Can you recommend any good science-fiction themed poetry?
Why do a lot of drawings of Rand al'Thor represent him shirtless?
If you have to take over the world with the help of three characters, fictional or real, who would you choose and why?
Is it healthy to entrap yourself in a fictional world you are writing about?
As an editor, what is the biggest reason for rejecting a fiction submission?
What do you guys feel about the fiction book "Secret Lover: Just for Month/Lifetime" by Author Suyash Dwivedi?
Would it ever be possible to make a mmorpg type of game where you can play as any fictional character from all media?
What should I do to understand novel characters?
How do you view the role of empathy (ethical or otherwise) in fiction/cinema? What are your favorite resources on this?
If you found a child of a foreign humanoid species that was chained to a post and was muzzled would you free them? (Appearance in description)
What are some fictional novels about the Russian mafia?
What are the famous fictional novels in the world that a new reader can read?
Why is there so much craze for fiction?
What types of books are better if I want to improve myself, fiction or non-fiction?
What is your process for naming your characters?
What are the steps to writing a fictional story?
Have you ever felt that some fictional dystopias sound quite good, really?
What is the most beautiful dragon you've seen in fantasy?
How do I learn to write and describe the visuals from a movie, real life or my imagination in words?
Which type of fiction do you like most?
Which colors suit on dark green?
What are different types of blog fiction or novel writers?
Which place on Earth is the closest to fantasy fiction of any kind – you name it! – in terms of living conditions, environment and society?
What is the science fiction story about an artificial intelligence that predetermines the needs of individuals and arranges to have others help them?
If you could have one quality that a fictional TV character has, what would it be?
What book would you recommend if you could reach out to your thirteen-year-old self?
What is the appeal of hot jerks in fiction?
What is the meaning of the phrase “Shall God's fiction, which is a Man's reality, fall short of Man's fiction?”
If you had to choose between reading either fiction or non-fiction for the rest of your life, which one would you choose and why?
If you could bring anime characters to life, which anime characters would you want to bring to life, and which ones would you not want to bring to life?
Is it bad that I can relate to a lot of fictional psychopaths?
You are dead and can pick one fictional character to attempt resurrecting you in half an hour. Whom do you pick?
Which 10 fictions should I read in 2017?
What are some non-fictional books about science fiction that are worth reading?
What 10 fictional characters would you invite to dinner?
How can I choose between or connect two extreme aspects for a single story into one?
What fictional character do you feel the most sorry for or pity?
Are there any fictional worlds similiar to LOTR in that there is regressive technological growth?
Is it illegal for me to re-invent a car that is in a fiction movie if it is not real and has not actually been made in real life?
What are some of the best works in fiction?
How can the Harry Potter series be moved forward as a novel after The Deathly Hallows?
What are some unusual fictional characters or races from mythology or legends?
Which South Asian fiction writers, working in the English language, should be considered among today’s best prose stylists?
What are your favorite crime fiction novels?
What would it mean if you were a part of a 6,000 year old mystic bloodline associated with ravens?
How is the science fiction shipyard created and infiltrated?
What are some fictional novels without any characters?
I want to write a fiction novel that follows a immortal man through the rise and fall of Rome. What would be the best eras to cover in this story?
Can www.flixseek.com help us find free fictions?
What are some breathtaking philosophical fictions like The Bet by Anton.P. Checkov?
Why did the Bourne Ultimatum get better reviews than the first two movies?
What are some of the books that changed your perspective the most?
What are some great dark fantasy or science fiction books?
What are some fictional characters which are quite scary?
What is this book title?
If I could wield fire, ice, and lightning, what could be the possible drawbacks of using these powers too much?
What is the best way to self publish science fiction novel?
I’m trying to remember a book where a character's version of heaven is reliving the same perfect day (without fully realizing that she's reliving it)?
What are some fictional works that have interdimensional history?
Who would win in a fight between Bruce Wayne and Tony Stark?
Is it possible to 'punch a hole in reality' the way science fiction talks about?
What are some YA fiction books you would recommend?
Should speculative fiction be treated seriously?
Are there any science fiction books which address a potential 5th dimension?
What would be a better name for another Voldemort for my fanfiction?
Do dragons know who is a Targaryen?
What are some systematic ways to organize characters in a plot?
How would you and worldwide governments respond if tomorrow, 10 million exact copies of you were distributed around the world?
Do you read ebooks and fiction novels?
Who is the best contemporary African fiction author you have ever read?
Why does the media go along with the fiction that political contributions only buy access?
How can I stop relating my life with the fictional characters lives?
What are the worst fictional boyfriends in TV and film?
Is it good to constantly read fiction novels?
What are some great Marvel/DC superhero theme music ringtones I can have for my phone?
Can any fiction/fantasy writers give some advice for getting started as a writer?
What is fiction all about? Why are fiction books so interesting?
Do you write fiction?
What are the best reference works on American literature?
What are the pros and cons of the Percy Jackson series?
Why is it easier to read productivity and self-improve articles versus fantasy and fiction?
What fictional place would you most like to go to?
Where can I find a good and free fiction writing course?
How do I put my fictional characters/world/story on paper if I'm bad at writing?
What is your first ever short story?
Is there a movie adaptation based on "Middlemarch" (George Eliot novel)?
What is the one fictional crossover you had the most fun writing?
Religious children have trouble distinguishing reality from fiction. What are your thoughts on this statement/ study?
Is it good to read fiction online?
Does Science Fiction inspire you?
Is there a list of must-read fiction books suggested by five-hours-a-day reader Warren Buffett?
Which villain has the best theme?
Who is driving the sun chariot? [If according to Rick Riordan's book, The Hidden Oracle, Apollo(the sun god) is on earth.]
Are all writers "mad"?
There is the Dynamic Duo, the Seven Samurai and Twelve Angry Men. Are there writing rules about how large a fictional team of people can or should be?
Which is the most diplomatic fictional character according to you?
Do men read erotic fiction or is this market entirely for women?
Do you like the following linked paragraph?
What would happen if laputa from guliver's travels existed in real life?
How do you understand Michael Kirkbride's C0DA?
What is the actual life of a smartphone?
What are the best Marathi science fiction books?
If you had 1 hour to kill and only the choice between reading a good fiction novel or watching a good TV show, which would you choose and why?
Are almost all works of fiction essentially ripped off from one-another?
A former POW kills his king. Can his widow fall in love with him?
What if Superman was not a fictional character? Would he be godlike?
As someone from a first world country, would you consider reading an African fiction book?
What's the most interesting fiction book you have read?
Which is the best fiction novel to read with a dramatic suspense?
What is Sir Ranulph Fiennes' best book of non fiction?
What is the best page/pages in American Gods?
How many people do you think watch and love Game of Thrones without understanding all backstories? If you yourself struggle sometimes, answer too!
What are some of the best fiction English novel?
Are there any fictional characters who can manipulate Johan Liebert from "Monster"?
What are some good historical fiction books on the likes of 1984?
How do you think of a start of a fiction?
How long do yautja live for?
What is the most realistic fictional universe?
What are some fiction cliches that you actually like?
What are the Popular fiction or paranormal novels?
How would you rank these fictional characters in terms of power?
I remember "Roots" the miniseries long ago. Was the original true to history or more fiction than fact?
How do you research a science fiction novel?
Which fictional general would you prefer to serve under most?
Why do we have fictional thoughts?
How would an armored brigade or division fight against zombies?
What is the kind of novel I should write, fantasy/fiction or mythological fiction?
If Vader and Luke's light sabers had the same core would they only be able to wound one another and not kill each other?
Is it normal for men to read Girl on the Train and enjoy it?
How can I write flash fiction?
What are the best insults from fictional languages?
What are your thoughts on the book, "Cinder," by Marissa Meyer?
Which fictional character do you love?
How do I overcome jealousy over a fictional character?
Is there a science fiction feed?
How do you balance your fiction and nonfiction reading?
What comprehensive and accurate historical WWII British Intelligence novel or novels can I read?
Who are the heroes (real or fictional) of ancient Mexico?
What is the oldest recorded written fictional story?
Is it okay if I borrow some habits from the fictional character?
Is there a web site that compiles predictions about the future made in science fiction stories and novels?
What are some of the most popular Harry Potter fan fiction websites? Which of them have the largest community?
What are translations of 'The Phantom Tollbooth' like to read?
What fictional vehicles have the most practical or realistic cockpits?
What distinguishes a well-written female protagonist from a poorly-written one?
Who is David Brin's favorite science fiction writer?
How did reading books (fiction) change your life?
In this, the real non-fiction world, would Nolan's Batman be able to stay untraceable? Just drive through a waterfall and disappear without a trace?
Which are some ways to define if a character is proactive or reactive in a fiction novel?
Who are the best fiction writers in Malaysia?
What is the better way to write a fiction novel?
Could anyone have survived Cersei’s Wildfire?
How do I write a non-human character who is fascinated by humans?
In Borges' short story "Death and the Compass", to what word does the protagonist refer in the following passage? "Even more valuable was a word that Ginzberg used."
Why does fiction bore me?
What would you say is the stinkiest (worst-smelling) thing in fiction?
What used to be a science fiction but is now a real thing?
What is important when creating a language?
What fictional character, if any, has powers to match Jean Grey in Phoenix mode?
Do post modernism includes fiction?
What are all the non-fictional books related to parapsychology, teleportation, ESP, and parallel universes?
What are some good beginner fraction fiction books (3rd grade)?
Now that Melisandre has been banished, what role can she play in the fight against the Others? Will she keep trying to help Jon, and how?
If aliens are invading India and the only way to save us is by uploading the worst Bollywood movie on their server. Which movie will you choose? Why?
What fictional books would you recommend for someone who has an identity crisis?
Would it be clarified in the books as to why Lyanna Mormont is ruling in the Bear Islands?
What are some examples of 'factions' in dystopian fiction?
What was the first work of fiction that pictured alien spacecrafts having the shape of saucers?
How do you feel about using the word 'as' when writing fictional novels?
What are the most essential non fiction books of the last century that someone should search for in a public library?
What is the most grimdark fictional world ever?
What is the process for having a book of fiction or non-fiction published?
Is it possible to write a novel with no plot holes at all?
Are there any stories that worked better in film than in print?
What can Jon do to prepare his army for the future wars with Cersei and the white walkers?
Is radical life extension science fiction or reality?
How can I tell people to depreciate soft science fiction?
What are your thoughts on nostalgia?
Which book publishing website is better for science-fiction: Amazon or Lulu?
Why do people want explanations of fictional movies what they don't make any real sense?
Has anybody used the "Snowflake method" to design their fiction? What other methods do you suggest that are more practical and preferable?
Which are some good philosophy novels to read?
What should the first sentence be like in a fiction book?
Who is your favorite fictitious character and why?
How many variants of "CNN" are used in fiction?
What are some magic swords in fiction and myth?
What is it like to be abused, how can I write about it in a fiction book?
Are there any science-fiction stories about migrant workers in outer space?
What is the most misunderstood literary novel?
How would the US military function in the event of a 2nd American Civil War?
Why do I feel possessed by a fictional character?
Do you read fan fiction? If so, what's your favourite and link it down below.
What science fiction books predicted “Big Data”?
What are some recommendations for great dystopian fiction novels?
What are some combat cyborgs in work of fictions?
What happened to Harald Karstak in the battle of the bastards?
What is your favorite fictional religion?
What is the most fictional thing in the nature?
What are some fictional characters that possess the character of the perfect woman?
If 42 would be the answer to life, the universe and everything, what would be real the question?
If a literary work is based on a true story, will it be considered as fiction or non-fiction?
Why is fiction always more interesting than reality?
How do I make my fiction writing lively and immersive?
What are some good urban fiction books?
How can I stick with an idea for my novel?
How can I create a fictional but accurate planet?
Can I write a science fiction novella featuring invention that is already existing as a future development?
What are some things summoned by magic users to kill other magic users in fiction and books?
Why do people with Asperger syndrome tend to dislike fiction?
Where can I see James Altucher’s book recommendations split across his categories - quality fiction, nonfiction, games and thriller?
How can I flesh out my fiction writing?
If Mukesh Ambani is threatened by Dawood Ibrahim, how would he respond?
Who would win in a war: the empire (star wars) or the aliens from independence day?
If literature aims to reveal the truth about society, is it really fiction?
If you could have the abilities, skills, and powers of any 3 fictional and non-fictional characters, who would you pick?
What are the top 10 Science Fiction books?
My birthday is coming up and so for a present I am gonna buy some books can you suggest really awesome fiction books which will be really memorable?
How does the Percy Jackson series differ from the Graeco-Roman mythology?
What's the most interesting fictional concept you've ever encountered, across all genres?
Who is the most influential character of English language adult novel fiction?
In science fiction, what are the differences between Arcologies and floating cities?
Do you agree with Bob Gottlieb, former editor of The New Yorker, that "there are no undiscovered geniuses toiling away in the hinterlands"?
What is the best HarryXHermione fan fiction you've read? I need some top quality recommendations, thanks?
What were some crazy engeniering plans from the past that seem science fiction?
Which is the best fictional book apart from LOTR, Harry Potter and Charlie and the Chocolate Factory?
What fan theories you think should have been adapted into their original works?
Can you suggest me some good fiction books?
Which work of fiction (books/graphic novels/movies/etc.) changed you as a person?
Did Ayn Rand read a lot of fiction?
Who is the creepiest child character in fiction?
I want to meet myself from someone else's point of view. Is that possible?
Who is your favorite fictional US president? Why?
Can you suggest a short list of publishers to whom I might send my fictional work?
Suppose there are people that can live up to a thousand years (and have been alive since the 1400s or so). In which ways could they've become rich?
I've been keeping a journal for three months. I've committed to filling three pages a day. My pages are boring. How do I get better?
What is it that makes a story good?
How do Authors of fiction writing make money?
Who are your favorite/favourite fictional character/s? Why?
How much creative license can be allowed in a historical film before it's considered fictional?
What are some ancient artifacts in books, movies, fiction, television shows, etc.?
Is it dangerous to write fantasy fiction in a language with small number of speakers?
Is the overdevelopment of a fictional world to be used as the setting for a book or short story a good or bad thing?
How do I write a psychological thriller for young adult's fiction?
What are ways to describe taking off clothes when writing?
Reminding myself that The Notebook is highly fictional, was there ever a love story as great as this? Do you have an historical example?
If you had total control over one fictional character for a day, which would it be?
What is a good fictional book that will help me in business?
Are zombie outbreak stories still popular in fiction and movies?
Who is the strongest fictional character without superpowers?
For an agented *historical fiction* manuscript (debut), what word count would seem appropriate to an acquisitions editor?
What are some good books (fiction or nonfiction) that focus on ideas in cultural context?
What battle in ASOIAF previous to Aegon's Conquest would you want to read about in detail? Pick one from Essos and one from Westeros if you’d like.
Is there a science fiction writer writing a book set about the Trappist-1 star system?
What are the forgotten or underrated science fiction novels (or short story collections)?
Why is it so much harder to write a poem than creative fiction?
Has anybody recently read Stoner by John Williams? I have a question.
What fiction novels accurately portray law enforcement protocol?
What do Indian readers want in fiction?
What are good examples of Modern Gothic Fiction?
Why do people find fictional villains so attractive?
What is the largest fictional movie battle?
Why did Marsellus Wallace have a Band-Aid on the back of his neck in Pulp Fiction?
What is a good checklist for fictional world building?
How much do comic book artists (superheroes, realistic fiction, etc.) earn on a yearly average?
Would writing a book (fiction or fantasy) be a good idea for a teenager (under 18), as the media would promote it more?
What sort of money does a mediocre fiction author make?
Is it scientifically possible to inhibit movements like virtual reality hardware does in fictions and keep total consciousness so you can play?
Have you ever stumbled upon really deep-going and insightful literary analysis of the City Watch novels from Terry Pratchett’s Discworld series?
Are good looks just a fiction in books for attracting girls?
I wish to understand fiction writing. What good book or novel should I read to get an idea?
What is a fictional novel or movie set in a historical setting that is accurate, entertaining, informative and yet relatively easy to understand?
Which fictional universe is the most powerful?
Does a woman take the edge off of fictional characters, as in Dexter, for example?
What fiction works make cities essential for the story?
What should I do when acting like fictional characters becomes an unbreakable habit?
What are some fiction and non-fiction books that can make me laugh?
How do I deal with falling in love with a fictional character?
What personality traits do you like best in story protagonists and why?
What are your favorite fan fiction AUs (alternate universe)?
Which kind of books stimulate the mind to think more, fiction or non-fiction?
How can I grow into a successful position as a bestselling teen/young adult fiction author?
What are some morphing weapons in work of fiction?
Why is aircraft engine exhaust often blue in science fiction?
Is there any acid that can destroy hair follicles permanently?
What is the most beautiful sex chapter in world literature?
If you could pick one fictional vehicle to be your daily driver, what would it be?
What are some examples of things that originated in fiction but became real?
What is the best month to release science fiction?
Is Mahavarata a true history or it is a fiction?
What would you do with 40,000 Gold Dragons (the 1st prize of a tournament) in the Game of Thrones Universe?
A portal to any fictional world opens up for exactly one minute. What world would you go to and would you do it knowing you could never return?
What are some good sci-fi novels like The Martian or Red Rising?
What methods do you use to ensure you create deep, 3D characters?
Are you a curmudgeon?
Which invention would you like to invent?
Which are 10 greatest fiction books?
Mankind has made a lot of scary things in fiction. What are some things in fiction that, if real, would make the devil quiver in fear?
If you have to choose three fictional or real fighting groups to conquer the world, what would be your choices and why?
What can be another great story which might have taken place in middle earth?
How does reading fiction novels enhance your cognitive efficacy (if it does)?
Is Pixel a bad name, and, if so, what are some similar but better alternatives?
How do I write science fiction stories?
What villain had the best and most sensible reason to conquer and rule the world?
Are there any American fiction novels of any kind that have settings taking place not in the United States but rather else where?
How do I learn to write good fiction?
Would a murderer still be tried even if the murder was completely wiped from their memory?
Who is your favourite fictional character who inspires you?
Why do people write nonsense story of them which seems like fantasy?
Are there any morally good historical or fictional people with the name Alexander?
Who would win, Reaper (Librarian TV show) vs Anubis (Librarian TV show)?
How many books (fiction & non-fiction) about the JFK assassination have been written in the 53 years since that day in Dallas?
What is the one thing a novice science fiction writer should keep in mind when attempting a novel?
What are the ways to get popular in the writing business online? (I write fiction.)
Are there any historical science fiction books?
Why is it that in most works of fiction (i.e. films and written fiction), the protagonists are somewhere between 8 and 48 years old?
Could anyone help me think of special abilities that can come from an important/major memory?
Which fictional character has great understanding?
What are the types of zombies that have been described in fiction?
Are there any resources you could suggest that can ensure accurate portrayal of the military?
What are some ideas to start writing a fiction book?
How can you marry a fictional character?
What are the top 5 must read fiction books for undergraduate age groups?
Are less and less people reading fiction books for fun?
What are some great realistic fiction book recommendations?
If you were to represent each nation in the world with any one fictional character, how would you go about it?
What are some heartwarming fiction book with sad ending that makes you appreciate life?
I want to write about my time in Jail as a journalist, Should I write book or a non fiction novel?Request
What are some trick arrows in different works of fictions?
What philosophical science fiction and fantasy books should I read?
Is it ok to exclude 'had' in a quote of a character?
How accurate is prison break TV show and what are some fictional things that are in it?
We deem magic as fiction, yet there is still death and even if nothing awaits us after that there is still the outcome of it. Where is the line drawn?
Is there a scientific method to prove that something is fiction?
What is the best way for an established, successful, published, nonfiction author to find an agent for fiction?
Is there any difference between the language density of fiction and non fiction books?
Which fictional AI is the most dangerous one?
Is it okay to write about religion fictionally?
Is fiction closer to reality than we usually think?
In dystopian fiction, why do the regimes get initial support?
How can you experience fact from fiction when everything we were taught was misinformed?
Is it good to write fiction in today's world?
What species is the most evil in both fiction and real life?
What do science fiction authors look for in science fiction books?
What are the types of heros/protagonists in a literary work?
Which are the best life-changing philosophical fiction books that have been undertalked?
Which is the best science fiction available?
What are some plausible cases where a boy might grow up in a Christian monastery (any era)?
What is the fastest way to get your written work published?
In Gravity, what is S-K-Dah and what does it mean?
What incredible sentence could you write that includes these words (together)--"notably unaccomplished"?
What would have happened if Arya had killed Tywin?
Which minor character made the biggest impression with you in Game of thrones S06e09?
What are some cheesy, unrealistic sex scenes in fiction (books, TV, movies)?
Outside of Marvel Comics, is there any other fictional nation controlled by people with superpowers?
Why does having a major flaw make a fictional character so much more interesting?
What famous stories allude to other famous stories?
What are some good classic fiction novels?
Who are the various writers of apocalyptic fiction set in the Victorian age?
What are the science fiction equivalents of early Sword and Sorcery stories like the "Conan" or "Lankhmar" books?
What are some lesser known masterpieces in fiction/non-fiction in a language other than English?
Is it ok to use real historic places in novel?
Which fiction book would you recommend someone to read?
If witches or any other superior supernatural creatures want something important from human, what would it be?
Who is the male equivalent of Helen of Troy?
Which are the best war fiction books?
I have an idea for a fan-made fiction. How do I approach the original authors with my idea? And should I?
Why do my eyes glaze over when I read that a work of fiction is "magical realism"?
Why do the last books in fictional series tend to be the best?
What will be the plot for a science fiction novel or movie of the year 2300 or later?
What science-fiction technology do you think would be worth becoming a reality?
What are some steps I could take to create a fictional modern day nation?
Is there any value in reading non-literary fiction?
Can filmmakers ever combine separate works of fiction into one franchise?
Can an undifferentiated writing style be good?
Who is the most iconic fictional character in your opinion?
What are some dumb things in the Wheel of Time series?
How can fiction sometimes help you to perceive and understand reality?
My wife reads gay fiction, should I be worried?
What are the best Indian English fiction novels for youth?
What are some good websites for online fiction?
What are some tactical weapons for fast attack in the real world/life and works of fiction?
Which fiction books have had the greatest impact on the world?
What are some fictional technologies you would like to see become reality?
What would be a good title for a Harry Potter/Babysitters Club fan fiction?
Why do so many atheists, who dismiss the Bible as fairy tales, seem to like indulging in that kind of fantasy fiction anyway?
Who do I look for to read through my fictional story and re-style/re-make it into a decent novel like Harry Potter? My English isn't that good.
Where can I read flash fictions?
What would it be like if a person shrank to three inches tall?
What would be the biggest Fictional company?
Is science fiction going to be science reality?
What would life be like if we instantly spoke every thought we had?
If you could join 1 fictional organization, what would it be?
What are some nice fiction books?
Which fictional universe has the most realistic portrayal of the future?
How hard is it to break into the erotic fiction market? Can it be profitable?
How is the fact and fiction contrast important?
Is Captain America's shield the strongest in all of fiction?
If all actors were suddenly given all the powers/qualities of their career roles, who would be the toughest?
What are some recent must-read science fiction books?
What do you think about "The Truth" by Neil Strauss?
Which is the best fiction novel of 2016?
What are some of the best written fictional characters that are kids?
When writing historically-based fiction, how closely is it important to adhere to locational details?
Why do people attach so much rational to fiction and none to real rational situations?
What is the most faithful to reality novel you have ever read?
Is the Night King from Game of Thrones supposed to be the same legendary character from the books?
Who is the most tragic villain in fiction?
How does one get skilled at writing fiction, and how did you learn to write?
For the purposes of fiction, can you imagine a brilliant scientist carrying out an entire particle collider experiment alone, with no support team?
What are literature and fiction?
When will there be a site exactly like Quora, but where all the questions are story ideas, and all the answers are fiction?
Which fictional weapons can become real? The idea can be from movies, comics, or novels.
Is there a term for a work of fiction that criticizes itself?
Could Court Gentry defeat the ISA like he defeated the CIA?
What is the purpose of dreams, altered perceptions of reality, and visions in otherwise realist fiction?
How can I write with so much pain, sadness, dread, anguish, and discouragement in my life?
What is your favorite first line from a science-fiction novel?
What could be a sequel to the famous novel, "The Alchemist"?
How long should I read fiction books if my goal is to improve my grammar and writing?
What is the most realistic portrayal of aliens in fiction?
What are some young adult fiction novels with a Freudian Trio?
Why do I wish some fictional characters existed?
If someone wrote a fiction book based on Greek mythology, what figures would you want to see?
Has there ever been a successful Fiction book written in the form of bullet points?
What blogging platform is the best for sharing writing? I am keen to write and share fiction stories.
What does "white elephant" mean in Hills like white elephant short story by Hemingway?
If you could marry a fictional character, who would it be?
I want to write fantasy/scifi fiction as well as be a pastor. Would using a pseudonym be advised?
What good books on improving fiction would you recommend to an amateur writer?
What are some best books on fiction literature?
Where can I find fiction novels at a cheaper rate in Delhi?
What are some good fictional stories that are over 200 pages long?
Can fictional books and/or TV series develop a sense of self esteem?
Who is the best Fictional dictator ever written?
What’s the worst fairy tale?
I've always wondered if guys read fan fiction, reader inserts or one-shots. Do you think they do..?
I have never written fiction, and I want to try screenwriting. What should I do?
Is there any scope for a career in writing pocket fiction?
What are some fiction books about immortality?
What would a culture, developed underground, look like?
Are we really making new friends? Or It is just digital fiction.
Do I have to be an expert/master in English to write a fictional (novel) story (like J. K. Rowling, for example)?
If you were to create a fictional character of your own (besides Sherlock, ofcourse), what would it look like?
What are your favorite books, from the political fiction genre?
Who are some of the top earning fiction writers and how much have they earned till now?
Which is the best Fictional character that has inspired you ever?
What franchise has the most realistic government reaction to superheroes?
How in the world would 2 authors co-author a fiction novel (e.g. The Talisman by Stephen King & Peter Straub), so as to have a consistent voice etc.?
Is it normal to obsessively hate your own fictional character so much to think about it daily?
What are some super-strong nano-material in works of fictions?
What are the best fiction or historical books on revolutions?
What was the earliest mention of aliens (extra-terrestrial life) in the history of fiction?
How many people read literary fiction online?
What are somethings you want to experience but can't because they only happen in fictional stories?
How would the course of conversation go if Sherlock Holmes were to meet Divyansh Mundra?
What are some of the poignant novels ever written?
What are some technologies known from science fiction that haven't been realised yet?
What do you think about the famous Chinese fiction Robert's witness?
What will a creative fiction author save from his/her house in the event that there is a fire?
Can you make money writing fan fiction?
Was there a fictional or mythological figure who disappeared if everyone turned away from them?
What are some famous fictional INTP characters?
Who are the most unique fictional characters with unique talents, skills, powers or any variable that can make them successful or win a fight? Explain.
If you could visit any fictional world, what would it be? Why?
The Good Wife is concluding with seven seasons.  What would be the equivalent number of NOVELS that would capture the arc of these seasons?
Who is the most depraved, despicable protagonist in fiction?
How would you complete this science fiction story?
Does limitations of known science put us at a disadvantage when dealing with magic and why not?
What would be some entertaining books in historical fiction, adventure, classics or bit on science fiction?
I have thought about a science fiction plot and want to write it in the form of novel. How do I approach writing?
Why is there a fictional nation of Sauville in Gosick series?
Would giant swords be effective weapons in low gravity environments and have any fictional stories taken advantage of this concept?
Where can I find a like minded community of science fiction and fantasy lovers?
Which are your top 10 fiction books of 2016?
Should I feel immature for liking and reading young adult fiction books, despite my being an adult? If so, should I read more “mature” books?
What is Hesse's The Glass Bead Game novel about?
Is it allowed to base a fictional character on a real person?
Who are some science fiction writers who are at least as good as Isaac Asimov, but are almost unknown in English-speaking countries?
How important are descriptions of characters and places in modern fiction writing?
Why should I ever read fiction if I can find interesting and more than enough non-fiction materials?
Is the one-year course in Fiction Direction from FAMU Prague a good course?
What is the first mention of suicide in fiction or the historical record?
Can you recommend good writers of American historical fiction?
What are some science fiction books that are great but has remained undiscovered and unpopular?
Are sleeper agents fiction?
Does anyone find humanity winning almost all the time in science fiction boring?
What are some good fiction book recommendations?
I'm a rising junior. How can I improve my fiction writing before the end of high school?
Are there any fictional social justice warriors or SJWs?
If you could have any author (fiction/nonfiction/living/dead) write your life story, who would you choose and why?
What's the most poignant sentence you ever heard?
How do science fiction fans distinguish science fiction from fantasy?
What fictional character have you seen that comes closest to real life sociopaths?
If Quora was a school what would be the four houses?
Is it okay to write a fictional story with yourself as a character?
Why did the aliens kill the woman in the movie Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull?
Voltaire bashes on writers unable to write real women because they write their fantasies without experience. What are some Classics with real women?
What are some fiction novels written with a very clear, precise prose?
What novel or story best captures the spirit of Texas?
Is it common for fiction writers to imagine themselves a part of the world they're creating?
What is the best prose fiction book that you have read?
Name of a book that goes something like 'Why most of your thoughts are fiction and other reasons why you won't succeed in life'?
What is your favorite curbstomp battle in all of fiction?
What's your recommendation for the best "Western" in science fiction? (And why?)
What interesting things should contain in a movie (for a fictional story)?
Which are the best british fictional books?
What are some good science fiction books that describe a future where money does not exist?
What are the best novels in the action, comedy, and fiction categories?
Where does most paper for pop fiction books come from, the US or the rainforests? Do you think its sustainable to buy anything new made from trees?
What are the best websites to publish your fiction blogs weekly and how to gather an audience for it?
What are some of the main and most important legal fictions that Tocqueville discussed?
Is it good or bad for a fiction writer to use a thesaurus when he is writing his fiction? Why?
How much does a book writer earn in India?
Who do you prefer, Captain Britain or Union Jack?
What book—fact or fiction—would best help you understand Romania and its history?
If Lloyd needed help with the word, "the," how could he have legally operated a motor vehicle?
Do you prefer writing fiction to non-fiction, and if so, why?
Are there any fictional books on 'white torture'?
What is a good fictional book about Siberia?
What are some of the most prescient predictions in science fiction?
Are there any fantasy (or just fictional) worlds with a flat Earth ?
What would be the best and worst fictional universe to live in?
Can a math-oriented person become a fiction writer?
There is a word for craving food that the fictional character eats in the book. What is the word?
In fiction, how should you depict the female gaze in a lesbian romance?
Why do real life battles last longer than fictional battles?
What is your favorite science fiction book as of 2017?
In Game of Thrones, what happened to the soldiers that deserted from Stannis's army near Winterfell?
What are some cat aliens in works of fictions?
Where can I find online (both fiction & non fiction) books in pdf format?
Who is the greatest fictional war strategist of all time?
Is The Zodiac Legacy: The Age of Bronze out yet?
What are some book recommendations for newbie?
What would the result of training in the manner of the Unsullied be on real people and what would happen to them psychologically?
What should I do to be a good writer of both fiction and non-fiction?
What is the best type of science fiction?
Is "The One Ring" from Lord of the Rings a macguffin?
What elements would you love your perfect fiction novel to include?
How can science be used in science fiction?
Is there any resources for writing military dialogue in fiction?
If you were forced to live in a fictional dystopian world of your choosing, which would it be and why?
Has any fictional novel been write in an open source format?
If u ever invented a new fictional character who and how would he/she be?
Am I wrong to feel that real science is painfully boring/depressing compared to science fiction?
What would you do if you could summon any fictional character for an hour?
Do I need to do a background research to write a 'science' fiction?
If you have only one obligatory choice,which Conspiracy Theory do you think is not fiction?
What is Modern Fiction?
What is your favorite Science Fiction depiction of first contact with alien life?
What are some under explored themes in science fiction that you would like to see more of?
Does the Library of Congress hold fiction books?
Can you suggest fictional stories or movies that share parallels with trump and those that follow him?
Is Ralph Wiggum the most powerful being that has ever been created in fiction?
How do poetry and fiction differ?
Could I get sued by publishing a fictional novel about some real person according to Indonesian law?
Which are some of the oldest science fiction stories not yet invalidated?
In what scenarios, would a technomancer/technopath be powerless?
You're to be on a 50-mile highway in the middle of a desert, there is no speed limit or cops, and you can choose one fictional car. What would it be?
Which are good fiction novels similar to Da Vinci Code pertaining to cryptography (solving of codes) and secret history?
Where do I read science fiction online?
Which superheroes can defeat Batman in Hellbat armor?
Is the Pulitzer Prize in Fiction a good indicator of literary quality?
When is it ever okay to use adverbs in Fiction stories?
How do contemporary fiction authors today avoid having current technology and tech communication trends fatally date the shelf life of their books?
What non-human fictional being would you have sex with?
Are you or have you ever been in love with a fictional character (games, books, movies or TV series)? Which character and why?
What fantasy race would you want to be real?
What are some good examples of benevolent AI in science fiction?
Are there villains that are bleak in some way?
What are some examples of fiction and nonfiction books?
How many words should be in an adult non-fiction book?
Which 10 books should you read before leaving school?
Who are the top 10 powerful (fictional) characters?
Is fiction ever actually fiction as most made up stories are based on something that actually happened?
What fiction books do you recommend for my new full time maid/nanny that would inspire her, entertain her and get her hooked onto reading?
Is it a disorder if a person like a fictional movie character and begin to act in real life like that character unconsciously?
Are there any fiction/non-fiction economic policy books explaining different unintended consequences?
Why is fiction and poetry important?
What is the difference between surrealism fiction and fantasy fiction?
Do you know where your towel is?
What a reader would enjoy the most in a fictional novel written like a real story?
What does ‘canon’ mean in “Harry Potter”?
What is a science fiction lover’s worst nightmare?
What ‘deep’ fiction books would you recommend to a 15 year old?
When writing a novel, when is it good to write in the past tense, and when is it not?
What's the difference between translocation and teleportation (in terms of fictional magic)?
If you were to write a fictional story of our country, what would it be and why?
What other goals would an artificial superior intelligence have in a fictional story, besides destroying or saving the world?
What is the full list of fictional AI assistants?
What would happen if the earth's molten core was replaced with chocolate?
What fictional character fascinates you most?
What are some new fiction books written by autistic authors?
How were mythologies written? Were they started as fiction? If so, do we have continuity errors or different versions like fan fiction?
Do I need to copyright my fiction work before approaching a publisher?
When writing science fiction or fantasy, is it more important to depict cultures that are realistic, or ones that reflect modern values?
What are some fictitious animals that many people think exist?
What will happen if Tyrion Lannister has to fight his brother Jaime Lannister?
Are there any fiction novels about a bank robbery?
Who are some of the best fiction or non-fiction characters with mustaches or goat tees?
Has your fiction writing ever been hampered by a lengthy outline?
What are some religions (or books about them) that revolve around the universe and transcending?
There are many ways to tell the same story. How do you select the best one?
Which of Isaac Asimov's science fiction works (i.e short stories, novels, book series) is the best to read first?
Should I read the Gormenghast trilogy?
Does reading really help change us in a big way?
Can we enjoy life without any kind of fiction?
Who are some English authors who use the most complicated and difficult-to-understand words in their books or poetry?
Which fiction book caused you to cry the most?
What kind of erotica fiction appeals to male readers?
Is a wormhole real or fiction?
What non Great House in Game of Thrones can raise the most men?
What do you think of the book 'Dead Souls' by Nikolai Gogol?
What would happen without fiction novels?
Where can I find an editor's email address for Spider Children's Magazine?
Now that Jon Snow is the King in the North does that mean he is now a Stark and if not will he declare himself one?
What's the most interesting fictional setting you know?
What is the best sentence you can think of to finish a Science-fiction story?
What does local color refers to when someone is telling a fictional story?
What books or movies are about the romantic relationship/friendship between scientist and artist?
Who is the weakest superhero of all fictional universes that can still topple the world governments if he wanted to?
What is your favourite fictional city brought to life in films?
Is “The Name of the Wind” worth reading?
Who are the best indie writers in literary fiction?
Does Stan Berenstain's fictional land, "Bear Country", employ capital punishment?
How should I add images in a romance fiction book? Can I assign one full page for an image or should I share it with text?
What are some good stories on "Evil allures but God endures"?
Is love real in our world or it's just a fiction?
Are there any Quorans who would like to beta read the first act of a dark fantasy novel?
What movies do you know that have an evil mayor?
What is the fictional or non-fictional inspiration for Lance Corporal Levi?
What are three fictional books that one can’t put down without completing?
What are some self employment ideas for people who only want to read fiction?
When I write, I give myself the body, personality, life I wish I could have. Is this an unhealthy reason to write fiction?
What dystopian fiction has been the most foreshadowing of reality later?
Fiction: How do I shut off my filter?
What are some great works of fiction I should read before my trip to Barcelona?
What are the themes in prelude by Kathrine mansfield?
How important is naming in fiction?
What are some ghost cities in real life and works of fiction?
What are the best ways to find publishers soliciting works of fiction?
Can you write a fiction book portraying living public figures?
What is the most famous vehicle of the fictional underworld?
How does reading a fiction novel that is based in a certain city or place affect your experience when visiting in real life?
What are important things to add to your fictional world to make it believable?
I have a script for a fictional but historically accurate novel in medieval settings. How do I proceed?
Is there a fan fiction where Bruce and Clark are a couple?
Who are the most popular science fiction authors of all time?
Why is Antony a common name among fictional mobsters?
What are the best detective or thriller or fiction  books to be read?
Who is the most evil character in all of fiction and why?
Who are the best authors of fiction in2016 and why?
Can you begin a fiction novel in 1st person POV-the view of the protagonist, then switch to 3rd person POV a few chapters in?
What are some examples of fiction in literature?
Imagine you can reborn in a futuristic world where all animals have the same intelligence as human beings, which animal would you like to be?
What would happen if everyone on this earth follows the same religion?
Who would win between all Batman suits and all Iron Man suits?
What are the best mythological fiction books/novels?
Is it unhealthy to enjoy Mary Sue fiction?
What are some of the best fictional books for any age on School and friendship?
If Varys' power story is foreshadowing, who might be the king, the rich man, the priest and the sellsword, and in what circumstance?
I want one of the characters in my story to be a Crow Indian, but I don't want to pigeon hole him. Are there any resources I can use?
Did Ernst Mayr read fiction? What were his favorite books?
What era in history of Essos (Ghis, Valyria, etc.) corresponds to the Age of Heroes of Westeros?
Is it ok if someone were to write about politics (sort of like how Karl Marx did, but without the communism) and also fiction sci-fi and war fiction?
What are the best books on persuasion and negotiations in literary fiction?
What science fiction media realistically portray artificial organs and prostheses in a human body?
How do I create a coherent timeline for a series of books in a fictional world?
What is the best companion book for world literature?
What fictional location do you wish you were at right now?
How should a Gunny behave in fiction?
What are some great fiction and non-fiction books for people interested in China?
Does a writer need to have an above average IQ to write best-selling fiction? Why? How high should his IQ stand for to write best-selling fiction?
When writing fiction, do places you write about have to depict the real place or just your imagination of how it should be to fit your story?
What are ten fictional universes that you wouldn't want to live in?
What piece of fictional technology would you most like to exist in real life?
Is fiction basically just a bunch of specific examples of philosophy and aphorisms?
Can you make a horrible fan fiction by using only 200 characters?
What is the significance of Camp Green Lake in "Holes" by Louis Sachar?
Criminals fleeing to either Canada or Mexico is a common staple of American crime fiction, but how often does it happen in real life?
Has the quality of stories improved because of advances in technology?
Why are there seemingly very few creative-fiction blogs?
What can be the most suitable title for a novel based on hypocrisy in society?
Does anyone do free development editing for my fiction book?
If you had to make a video game of any character from any fictional/non-fictional universe, which character would you choose? Think out of the box.
What is the most terrifying piece of fiction ever made?
How can I describe a journey back home of a group of four people in a fiction story?
Which was the most disappointing Harry Potter book?
Can I really live out my fantasies like I've read about in fiction novels and seen in pornographic films?
Why is killing one's enemy such a popular trope in fiction?
If I am used to writing adult fiction, how can I learn to start writing young adult fiction?
What important things to remember when writing fiction set in space?
Is the text of Genesis 1:1 considered fact or fiction?
What non-fiction books should a fiction fan read?
Where does the splendour lie in writing/reading fictional books?
What are the most realistic science fiction flms?
Does fiction exist in a vacuum?
What are some realistic fiction story ideas?
What are some must read science fiction novels that don't have space travel and aliens?
What do you think about the book Diary Of An Oxygen Thief?
Is there a psychology equivalent to science fiction?
Why didn't Bran send Rickon to the wall with Jon?
Why are all fictional creatures similar to real ones?
Should a literature student only read literary fiction?
How does Daenerys ride Drogon in the show?
Would you expect a face replacement device in the future which could change your face with just one button press?
What is your favorite method of space travel in science fiction novels?
Is Predator's more a Betty or Veronica type of guy?
Is Marco Polo the tv series, based true events or is it just a work of fiction?
Assuming you are a part of their fictional world, are there any fictional characters whose life you would be willing to save by giving up your own?
How comfortable are you with sharing an unfinished project with others online?
Is writing non-fiction easier (faster) than writing fiction?
What should I read fiction or self-help?
Are there any fictional examples of anti-technological and anti-scientific societies ruled by military might, corruption, criminality and untruths?
Which fictional character that you created is your favorite, and why?
If any fictional character joins Quora, what kind of questions will be asked by or to him/her?
What are some fictional currencies in use in science fiction stories and what's interesting about them?
I need some good fierce names for my male character in my book, he's fae and the love interest. What are some good unusual names?
What are good fiction books on living with communism along the lines of 1984 and animal farm?
Who is your fictional role model and why?
Where can I buy second hand fiction books in Ahmedabad, India?
Is it cliche to refer to an organization using general titles in Utopian/Dystopian fiction?
Can you recommend one and only one fiction book?
What are some intense science fictions?
How do I get better at writing fiction (stories)?
What are some fiction literature books with themes of government and power?
How much magic does it take to summon the Reaper in fiction, books, movies and/or television shows, etc.?
In Daredevil, how does The Hand achieve immortality?
Which is more satisfying, journalism or writing fiction?
Is Stephen Hawking the father of future science or fiction?
What happened to Ernest before/after the deaths of the other Frankensteins?
What is(are) the rule(s) for using real people when writing fiction?
What's the best fantasy army you could ever build?
Would certain languages or cultures on Earth have been more advantageous in communicating with the aliens in Arrival?
If you could make any fictional character come to life, which would it be?
If we lived in a fictional world where most people had powers, what powers would be considered common?
What is the best title for fiction related to rain?
Where can I buy or read British Science Fiction magazine "New Worlds"?
What is the best background music for reading fiction?
If the ironborn lose their fleet, are they finished?
What else does it take for a fiction author to "make it big" besides a good story?
Do you need special permission to write fanfiction stories or books?
If I were to write a fictional story that mentions a real government agency (DARPA), in a kind of negative light, could I be sued for defamation?
Is writing good fiction still a worthwhile vocation?
Am I the only one who thinks that the Punisher is the best cautionary tale in modern fiction?
With Asimov and Clarke gone, who is writing "hard" science fiction?
What are some fantasy stories in settings not based on medieval Europe?
What are the best possible ways to plot a fictional story on any topic or idea in order to write a novel?
Is there a website for roleplaying fictional characters?
How can reading fiction help me improve in my course of life?
How are the works of Hermann Hesse regarded by different age groups in today's world?
Say Saitama from One-Punch Man suddenly appears in the current Star Wars universe. How screwed is the Star Wars universe?
Which is the best fictional series providing medical knowledge?
Since the boovs didn't leave the planet, where are they now?
If a billion-year-old star transformed into a human, what would its mindset be?
Fictional or real, what animal do you never want to come into contact with?
Why is Melisandre not in the service of Daenerys?
If you were forced to create your own fictional universe to live in, what would you create?
What are some good fictional series that I can read?
How can I convince an average Indian that Bible is a book of fiction?
Could AI (artificial intelligence) get the character of human’s like Greed?
Why do so many Y.A. fiction novels have seventeen-year old white girls as protagonists today?
Your favorite fictional character is coming to kill you, armed with your favorite fictional weapon. How do you escape this sticky situation?
What fictional character would you like to meet in real life and why?
What are some investment and/or Personal Finance lessons that you have learnt from fiction books?
What is the inspiration behind some of the greatest fiction stories of our time?
Can you list some of the best 'realistic fiction' movies?
What are the advantageous of omniscience over super human intelligent?
What kind of fictional monster would you choose to be and why?
Would you be interested in seeing a published/condensed/edited form of In The Realms of the Unreal one day?
Did any science fiction writer predict something similar to Wikipedia?
How do I publish my science fiction story?
Have you ever felt like living in fantasy for ever, like a book you really liked and wish to living it?
What is the best and more realistic way to resolve a love triangle in fiction?
Are stereotypes of races based on fact or fiction?
As fiction writers, how do you get past the common feeling of "This is awful” when you start to write?
Is there an example in fiction (literary or cinematic) where deus ex machina was used to positive effect?
What are some best fiction books for a beginner?
Could there at least be a 0000.1 chance that all fictional characters exist?
Why did Lorraine kill Ben in "The Women of Brewster Place?”
Who is the most evil character who looks cute?
What fictional work has the most terrifying depiction of body horror?
If a human fell in love with an animal who became human and gained human intelligence, would it still count as bestiality?
What inspired the book series Wheel of Time?
What are best crime, capery story and science fiction movies?
What are the characteristics of a dynamic character in fiction writing?
For $5,000,000, would you spend one year in a parallel world similar to ours but there is one difference marked in the details?
What would it be like if humans could jump into any fictional media?
A Song of Ice and Fire: Has your opinion of some of the characters changed over time?
Which is your favourite fictional Bengali sleuth?
I have an excellent idea for a science fiction story, how do I create a novel from this idea?
What's it like to translate a fiction with someone you don't know?
Can my novel's fictional character be a Batman fan?
What are the best non fiction books on astronomy/Physics ?
What is the value of fiction?
Who are your fictional and real life role models in life?
[Game of Thrones - S06 E09] If Sansa is Queen in the North, would she legitimize Jon as a Stark?
What is speculative fiction?
Is it true that some characters in fiction, dont need to wear masks?
What are some of the best fiction writing courses online?
What Aussie YA fiction books should I read?
What is a good book with a fictional/nonfictional narrative to it?
Is there a fiction story about stress and language?
What are some of the most impressive and impregnable fortresses ever conceived by fantasy writers?
What is up with the series game of thrones? Why is everyone talking about it? Why is it so popular?
Has a Head of State ever written a good fiction novel?
How would we perceive the world if we were able to see IR and UV light (or more)?
What is your opinion on the fictional character Carmen?
I'm used to reading non-fiction. What are some must read fiction books?
Which are some good novels (science fiction or fiction)?
What are some of most captivating books on the topic of "Dreamtime" of the Australian Aboriginal mythology? Both fiction and non-fiction.
Please recommend a book? A narrative (fiction or non) with a compelling character worth emulating who undergoes a transformation?
How many weapons does Batman have? List them please.
What is comparison between fiction and nonfiction?
Which Science Fiction book series to read?
How do I format a list that's being read out loud by a character in a fiction book? The list contains lengthy sentences (ie: not a grocery store list)
Any fictional conspiracies that are close to the reality?
What kind of wording separates erotic fiction from porn books?
How do I learn to write interesting fiction and get motivation to finish?
Would you categorize a work of fiction as a "crime novel" if there is only action/gunplay/criminality in the final third of the book?
What would the first storyteller in humanity have thought before making up his first story?
Is it weird to like fictional characters more than real people?
What is the definition of a fictional narrative?
What is fiction novel?
What are the best slice-of-life graphic novels?
What is macabre fiction? What are some examples?
Can you tell me any names of movies of fictional old times, like Lord Of The Rings, 300, etc.? Which ones have battles and a great story in them?
In Neuromancer, why did Wintermute bother to recruit/brainwash Corto/Armitage?
If you have a button that can bring any and all fictional characters regardless of the genre and media into the real world, will you press it?
Which fictional characters have an ENTP personality type?
What are the best philosophical fiction books to read while traveling? And why?
Is science fiction taken seriously within science circles?
What type of fictional characters do you tend to attach to? Do you think that this reflects your subconscious somehow?
What are the pros and cons of being a successful author of fiction?
What kinds of unique character traits do you wish was more prominent in popular fiction?
Is it better to avoid or use slang in young adult fiction novels?
What is your favourite book and what book do you think you should recommend to 12 - 13 year olds?
What are some tips for writing action scenes in fiction?
How do science fiction writers come up with designs for a spaceship?
How do you remember the book you read?
What is M.U.T.O. a mutant of?
As a creator, how does it feel for your work to be popular to the point of fandom?
Is a short story fiction or nonfiction?
Which are the 20 fiction and non fiction books by not so famous authors which everyone must read?
Is "Thunderbird" the only term used for airplanes, in fiction or otherwise, based on animals?
How do movies, TV shows etc. affect our brains?
Who is your favourite non DC/Marvel superhero? Why?
How long would it take to bring down Sam Fisher?
From where can I read same stories written in different ways, angles and points of view?
Can fiction or novel writing be considered fine arts?
Which are some good science fiction/fantasy short stories' sites?
What is the most life-changing fiction book?
What is the fiction part of fiction in action?
Who is the most badass Game of Thrones character?
What was the best zootopia fan fiction you've read?
Is it silly for someone to be very attached to their own fictional character they created as a child?
Do fiction readers ever have an issue with authors' wrong portrayal of tragedy?
How can I get readers for my  fan fiction stories?
Who are the biggest entertainers on Quora? Who would you choose and why?
Which are the best pieces of flash fiction that you have heard?
Can a fictional currency be copyrighted?
Why Indian writers mix love stories even in good science fiction books like 2024 Man on Mars, a great science fiction but mix with love story?
What are the best fiction books about politics?
Within science fiction, what technologies do characters use that allow them to identify previously unknown living things and their internal structure?
Are there any important fiction writers working today?
Do you know of any books where the main character becomes bad?
What is the most common misunderstanding about literary fiction?
Who is your favorite mathematics character in a work of fiction (books, plays, movies, etc)?
How are the births and early lives of great main characters portrayed in Eastern storytelling?
What are fantastical elements in fiction?
What heartwrenching story have you heard from a panhandler that you later found out to be fiction?
Who are the top three authors in Hindi pulp fiction?
Who is the most underrated Lovecraft creature?
Can we compare fiction and non fiction on the basis of learning? If yes how?
If you're a fan of crime fiction, does it ever get exceptionally preoccupying?
How can I start reading fiction again if I haven't read a fiction book since I was in school?
Can you recommend some fictions about drama-free happy couples?
How does one go about introducing a fictional world?
Who is your favorite writer of fiction from Malaysia and Singapore?
If you could assemble any ten fictional characters into the ultimate team, what would they be?
Would 5k words a day damage creativity? I want to boost my fiction writing from 2k to 5k so any tips would be appreciated.
Is sex a real phenomenon, or is it just fictitious?
What is the science behind magic in Harry Potter?
What fictional character was accurately portrayed as a psychopath?
Which science fiction novel has come true?
What is the coolest set of armor in anything fictional or non-fictional?
Is there any magazine where I can send a science fiction story or asking for science fiction writers?
Can you name some marvellous works in the field of novels?
Why there are less science fiction books in India?
How "rough" is the first draft for novels, usually?
Do we have enough portrayal of mental health in young adult fiction? If so, is it portrayed properly?
How fiction and non fiction help the reader respectively?
What books (fiction, not technical literature) should a prospective physician read, in your opinion?
Will Dushka Zapata ever write a fiction book?
Are there any atheists groups, houses or important characters in Game of Thrones?
Can you separate fact from fiction in regards to movie Ruostum (2016)? What really happened in the KM Nanavati case?
What is the formula for writing a bestselling novel?
What science fiction movie creation would you like to become real?
Are there any fictional examples of a post-apocalyptic world dominated by a lawless, propaganda-filled repressive and gangster-like society?
How do you supercharge the ley lines in works of fiction and books?
What would you say is the best new fiction book for 2017?
Which is the best fiction novel in Hindi?
Can you picture yourself in the shoes of any of the protagonists of fiction?
Where do you think the difficulty would lie in the translation of Chinese fantasy fiction?
Who are the best African-American science fiction writers besides Octavia Butler?
What is the most plausible fictional depiction of extraterrestrial life to date?
Can you summarize the useful points of a book you have read in 200 words?
Are there good works of fiction (movies/written) which tell engaging stories by focusing more on principles and ideas and less on characters?
As an AI robot, shouldn't TARS have used 'probability' instead of 'possibility' while responding to Cooper during the famous docking scene?
How do I make the transition into writing fiction?
If you had a chance to rewrite a book (fiction), what book would it be and why?
Why is the "mad scientist" trope a recurring theme in fiction?
What is a fictional story than ended, but left you craving for more?
Is it possible for a fictional character you made to become real if you get really attached to it?
What was the first, known fiction book ever written?
Fellow bookworms: what do you make of William T. Vollmann's *Seven Dreams* series (so far)?
How can fiction be considered art?
Should all fictional works include at least one female character?
Are there any examples of fictional dictatorships denying technological progress?
What work of fiction depicts the supernatural creation of the universe akin to how Anne Rice handled it in Memnoch the Devil?
Is anyone in the fictional universe faster than the Flash (DC Character)?
Can you provide a list of links to Omegaverse stories?
What is more controversial, truth or fiction and will anyone affect history like Jesus?
What are the best fiction books with lessons on compassion?
Which is the best Hindi fiction?
What are some amusing relationships between two profoundly different characters in fiction?
What is the disorder of creating fictional people in life?
What will Jon snow do with house umber now that he won the north?
Are there any good writing exercises for fiction writing?
Copyright owners denied me the rights to adapt a story because of “departures” from the original story. Does that mean I have a new IP?
What is Atompunk?
What are some good examples of last names for fictional characters?
What are examples of famous curmudgeons ( real or fictional?)
Is love most a fiction when it becomes a mere duty as opposed to a true personal passion?
What are the three most critical components of building a good author's platform for fiction?
Are good science fiction books rare compared to other genres?
What are some famous science fiction stories/movies. Made in Iran?
Which fiction and non-fiction show do you like the most?
How can Martyn V. Halm write so convincingly from the perspective of a blind person? Is he himself blind?
Can you name a fiction book where someone learns a foreign language?
After the Destruction of The Great Sept of Baelor, how many Tyrell forces are left for Lady Olenna to command?
Who is your favorite fictional detective?
Is pantropy handwavium from a hard science fiction standpoint?
Who is the most popular witty fictional character in literature?
What purpose does an abridgement of a fiction book serve?
How has fiction changed your life?
Can fiction inspire real life events or is it always the other way around?
Who is the greatest manipulator in fiction?
If you could visit any fictional world, what fictional world would you choose?
What are some examples of fictional cats?
How can you accept that fact that you cannot go to fictional worlds and that you are stuck in reality?
How can I get in touch with an FBI agent about asking questions for researching a book?
In Japanese, does describing a character as "onna no ko" or “otoko no ko” imply that they are a minor?
What is the science fiction book where the planet encouraged OCD in children because they thought they were prophets?
Why aren't there any famous fiction writers who are autistic?
Has there been any works of fiction that has combined elements of science fiction and fantasy?
What if famous people were clan leaders in Clash of Clans? What would be their clan name and clan description?
As a Christian author, is it ok to use fictional religion and magic in writing stories?
Which is the best fiction novel you have ever read?
What are some good fiction novels to read to improve vocab?
Who is hands down the most complex multi dimensional character in all of fiction?
How is a novel based on a movie written?
What would be a good name for a fictional Japanese talkshow?
What fictional charachter death is the saddest?
What are the best fiction stories in the history of mathematics?
What are some books about fictional and non-fictional Indian queens?
How can an author predict sales of his book?
How do I publish a fiction book in India with no money?
Have you ever met someone so eccentric that you could base a fictional character on them?
What grains are natural, or have they all been changed from God's intention?
What are the rules of fan fiction writing?
What are fiction stories? What are some examples?
What are some of the best novels to read for beginners?
What does the short story "Babycakes" by Neil Gaiman represent?
Will our spaceships eventually look like most starships from science fiction as we advance technologically and become spacefaring?
Why is "Flowers for Algernon" considered as science fiction?
How did the "big red button" become a staple of fiction?
Which is your favorite fiction movie?
Is science fiction really going to be our future?
Who is the most evil fictional character that isn’t human?
What sets a paranormal romance apart from other paranormal genres?
Which are some of the greatest works in Classic fiction?
Was the Golden Company lied to about Aegon's true parentage?
Are there any literary fictional characters that are similar in personality and skill set to Jason Bourne?
What would you do if you were 17 and woke to find no one remembers you?
I am planning to write a crime fiction novel, What are the suggestions?
Have you ever fell in love with a fictional character to the point you had to personally cope with he/she not being real? If so, how?
Which are best fiction books from Chile?
Are there any American fairy tale style romance young adult fiction that I can enjoy reading?
What are popular fiction books for a young adult?
You are tasked with writing a fictional story about one or more Quorans. Who would you pick, and what would the story be about?
Telepathy is typically in the reserve of the science fiction genre, but what if we could actually read other people’s thoughts? What might we discover?
Why are the words "fictional character" used together, as if characters could be non-fictional? Isn't this a pleonasm?
If you could travel across the country with three people (fictional, non fictional, alive, or dead) who would they be and why?
Is 'The diary of a short-sighted adolescent' by Mircea Eliade fiction?
Can anyone help? I'm looking for a short story I read as an adolescent and don't remember the title or author. It's about a young black or Hispanic blind boy named Raymond whose grandmother makes him a wonderful yellow sweater. It has a heart-wrenching ending.
What are the best Indian fiction novels (regarding medical profession)?
I am a heterosexual girl but feel attraction to fictional female characters. Is that normal or not?
What fictional characters are similar to Patrick Jane from the Mentalist?
Can I use professional sport teams in a fictional book I am writing?
What are some good historical fiction novels?
What is it like to attend the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry?
Can I get some supernatural stories of maths fiction?
What is the best epigraph for a work of fiction based on real life incidents?
Which fictional character would you relate yourself to and why?
What do you call quoting something or someone from a fictional universe, as an example to illustrate a statement on reality?
What is going on in the rest of the world outside of Panem in the fictional Hunger Games universe?
In fiction writing, should I start with creating the characters or their surrounding environment?
What are some of the best non-fiction and fiction books that you have read in 2016?
What are some of the largest creatures or structures in fiction of any sort?
Who are your favorite pilots of all time (both fictional and non-fictional)?
What are some good fictional books that go into detail on magic?
What is the most disturbing thing that you ever read in a fictional work assigned in a class you took?
What are all of the Assassin guilds that exist in Tamriel?
Where can I learn fiction writing and screenwriting in Bangalore?
Is the story of Odysseus fictional or real?
What is your favorite educational fiction story?
What are some good character driven science fiction novels similar to Bujold's Vorkosigan Saga?
How can writing fiction help my depression?
What do you think is the age at which an aspiring writer should start working on a fiction novel?
What could you do with the superpower to manipulate thermal energy?
Some say that Mahabharata is fictional, and is a tale written to inspire future generations. How do I prove them wrong?
Why are almost all science fiction weapons woefully inadequate compared to modern equipment?
Which science fiction stories from before 1980 did the best at predicting what modern life would be like?
What money does a fiction author get for a movie option?
How would you design the Snowpiercer?
Which one is more helpful: Fiction or Non-Fiction?
What are some of the most beautiful descriptions of fictional places in literature?
What science fiction technologies are actually feasible and could become a reality this century?
If Osama Bin Laden was at war with Pablo Escobar, who would win and why?
Would this story make a good movie?
Are there good fiction works that explore the stage of moving to retirement?
What are fictional characters?
What are some interesting ways (even if those ways are hypothetical or science fiction) of curing cancer?
Looking for an old science fiction anime about a kid trying to save a girl/princess in a weird tower or spaceship like dungeon?
How might one's life change as a result of publishing their first book?
How can you start a fictional story if you have a few exciting ideas?
Is Kaguya Otsutsuki from Naruto one of the worst fictional mothers?
What are the best fiction books to learn about the Russian Revolution and communism?
Why does Neverland make you forget?
Which are the best fiction books ever written about interest in mathematics?
What are some of the earliest examples of parallel universes in fiction?
What are some tips for writing a fictional school?
What are online websites to read full ebooks for free, both fictional and non- fictional?
Are there any relations between Harry Potter and Percy Jackson?
Why would a creator make the bad guys win?
What are you looking in a fantasy story?
What are some realistic fiction topics to write about?
Can anyone give me suggestions for fiction books based on Chinese history/set in ancient China?
Will reading novels or non fiction increase my brain's processing and ability to grasp complex concepts?
Could the ancient Stark sword the original "Ice" be an Other sword?
What would be your story if Batman turns evil and a villain and all the heroes from the DC and Marvel world try to stop him? At what level could Batman do damage and how could he be stopped?
What are your favorite themes/character developments in Crime Genre?
How would I use real life subjects in a fictional story?
Which book (fiction or horror) should I buy?
Is there a real substance that, if injected, can kill a person immediately like in fiction books or action movies?
What is your favorite fictional flag?
Could Robb have avoided the Boltons' betrayal?
Which are some of the best works of futuristic fiction written by women?
What are the must read books under fiction for beginners?
If you existed in a magical/fantastic universe, would you be into the light or the dark side?
Will you review my fictional novel?
Which single work of fiction has changed your life the most?
What could be the reason why Oathkeeper and Widow's Wail have black and red ripples instead of the usual black?
What fictional characters do you know have puns in their names?
Why should I go to college if I am 18 yo, make 120k a year, read tons of non fictional books, and have friends from all over the world?
Could you recommend any books about marriage?
As a woman, do you ever find that you can't tolerate some of the classics of science fiction, because women are portrayed as props and not people?
Which is the best library in Mysore for reading fiction novels?
If you could kill one Game of Thrones character, who would it be and why?
Are there any really good fiction books about Area 51?
What far future science fiction concept do you think is most likely to come true?
Does all science fiction include social commentary?
What are some diseases my character could die from in the 50s?
What are the most important things to consider while writing a book in realistic fiction genre? What timeline is needed to follow to publish it?
What is the name of the science fiction story where a man's entire life is the last message of a dying people?
What great fiction books would an enneatypes 6 recommend?
Why doesn't Blinkist or getAbstract do summaries of fiction books?
How do minor characters play a part in fiction?
Is it possible for a single fiction author to compete against big media giants?
What is your favorite short fiction having memory or amnesia as a central theme to it?
What is an effective way to apply Anders Ericsson's deliberate practice to writing fiction?
Why do some literary genres get outdated?
What are the great fictional book should I read which are available in free?
What is a good book (fiction,any genre) that can change my perspective against the status quo?
If you could have any job, fictional or real, what would it be?
What adventure/fiction books do you recommend? I enjoy sagas and series.?
What are some examples of fiction disclaimers?
How do I detect a copied fiction?
Which animated fictional movie character do you wish was real?
What is your favourite map, fictional or non-fictional?
What is a good story you can write and then post here?
Are there real secret elite ninja Clans that live in the mountains with crazy fighting abilities or only in fiction?
How much exposition should be in the first chapter of a fiction novel (Sci-Fi)?
How many books (fiction & non-fiction) about 9/11 have been written in the 15 years since the terrorist attacks?
In A Song of Ice And Fire, what was the second most powerful Northern house at the time the series started?
What do aliens or monsters have to do with science-fiction?
I'm writing a historical fiction novel and I want to use vocabulary true to the time period. What websites will tell me when words were invented?
What is your fictional desire?
What modern young adult/adult novels digress from the "fantasy world with a hero on a journey to save a friend and find themselves" plot?
If Donald Trump was a fictional character, who would he be and why?
How does reading a fiction novel that is based in a certain city or place affect your experience when visiting in real life?
What are some great books and novels that one should read in his 20's ?
I feel very bad for being a human, usually that starts after reading fiction, is it normal?
I've always wondered if guys read fan fiction, reader inserts or one-shots. Do you think they do..?
If you could see one hour into the future at any time you desire, what would you do to improve your life?
What are the most interesting depictions of Asgard or Valhalla in modern fiction?
What are some fictional books written by authors known for nonfiction? And vice versa?
What distinguishes a piece of amazing science fiction from commercial science fiction?
Will it be possible to travel to fictional places one day, such as a book or show, and interact with the characters? Would those places already exist?
Would the below linked prologue appeal to many mystery fiction readers?
Why we Indian's don't read fictional novels or watch fictional movies, serials?
What are some thriller/horror novels with a rural or mountainous setting?
How can I write a fictional culture without alienating my readers?
Suppose there are people that can live up to a thousand years (and have been alive since the 1400s or so). In which ways could they've become rich?
Has Matt LeBlanc ever appeared on "Days of Our Lives" outside of his fictional character on "Friends"?
How would you make interactions between fictional characters very personal and very relatable?
What are some really interesting epic fantasy fiction books?
Is it okay to kill the main character at the end of an inspirational fiction novel?
How has fiction writing changed in the last decade?
How can I choose between or connect two extreme aspects for a single story into one?
I LOVED The Martian and liked Saturn Run. These are my first forays into science fiction novels. Any suggestions for similar books?
What is the work of fiction with the most unpredictable plot and why?
What are some techniques for writing intense, exciting action scenes in fiction?
What are some of the best works in fiction?
Can you share any Harry Potter Fan Fiction written by you?
What are the best fiction books for a 17 year old?
Can you make money writing fan fiction?
If you could visit any fictional world, what would it be? Why?
Fellow bookworms: what do you make of William T. Vollmann's *Seven Dreams* series (so far)?
How far in the past does a story need to be set in order for it to qualify as historical fiction?
I love to write fiction, mostly I write one page or one chapter of a great idea. Afterwards I never finish my ideas. How can I curb this?
Would anyone read a book set in a fictional Napoleonic Era?
Is India ready for a higher standard of recreational fiction?
What are some fiction books - preferably literature - that deal with themes of anger?
What are some of the most addictive fiction and non-fiction reads?
What do Pulitzer prize-winning fiction books have in common?
What are some great dark fantasy or science fiction books?
What is this book where two brothers are selling guns at a gun convention?
Why are all fictional creatures similar to real ones?
What could be inferred about Pious Augustus' life in 26 BC/BCE?
What are examples of famous curmudgeons ( real or fictional?)
What work of fiction (movie, novel etc) has the best depiction of space combat?
How do I organize a science fiction fan club?
What lasting effects would stem from people being able to cheat death once in exchange for becoming infertile past that moment?
What is the first fictional character to break the fourth wall?
What is the greatest work of fiction ever written?
How many know that an asterisk before a word in the dictionary means that there are no attested forms? Isn't this linguistic fiction?
Who are some female curmudgeonly characters in fiction?
Who's the most terrifying anti-hero in a fictional story?
What is the coolest fictional military unit of all time?
Can fiction exist in some sort of another type of ''All-Verse"?
Which fictional businesses would have the worst Yelp reviews?
What are the science fictions one needs to read to understand the history and evolution of science fiction?
Can fiction inspire real life events or is it always the other way around?
How does hard science fiction differ from soft science fiction?
Can one use real people sayings in a fictional book?
Why doesn't anybody care that Maude from "Harold and Maude" steals cars?
Why do American writers use yellow paper?
What is it like being a commercial women's fiction author and how exactly could that be different from a non-commercial women's writer?
What happened to Ernest before/after the deaths of the other Frankensteins?
What's your recommendation for the best "Western" in science fiction? (And why?)
Science Fiction: What would be some properties of six-dimensional data storage?
What are some examples of past fiction or non fiction predicting a world that is still vastly futuristic using dates that have already past?
How should I make the title of my fiction novel?
Why is Henry Fielding sometimes considered the father of the English novel?
Am I the only one who thinks that the Punisher is the best cautionary tale in modern fiction?
How can I make my Science fiction story turn into a big franchise?
How does a yandere really operate? (fictional examples only)
Question that contains assumptions: Why do Christians not let their kids watch/read stories about magic even though it's fiction?
What would happen if laputa from guliver's travels existed in real life?
How do I write amusing flash fiction?
If I was going to read one Ayn Rand work (fiction or non-fiction), which work should I read and why?
How and why would you do real world, real consequences approach to fictional characters?
Is Charles Dickens overrated?
What is the most realistic and consistent depiction of a superhero (with superhuman powers) in fiction?
Are there some fundamental differences in fiction written for men vs written for women? What are they?
What are the must read fiction books in India?
How do I create a fictional character and make it famous?
What are the most well known books, films and video games that feature characters from multiple historical time periods in the same work of fiction?
In fictional stories, how far is too far?
Would the following scenario make an evil character seem weak?
What is a great site to publish my fiction for free?
What are some recently launched e-books in space and science fiction?
In the comics & fictional world which is the most powerful villain or adversarial character?
What are some good historical fiction books about the Seven Years War?
What are some must read fiction novels?
Have you overthought about a fiction or fictional character?
Is it possible to say objectively that some works fiction (eg. Heinlein's novels) are qualitatively better than others (eg. the Star Trek series)?
What are the best crime fiction blogs in India?
Do you think 'The Old Curiosity Shop' is realistic?
What is Durmstrang in Harry Potter?
Science Fiction Writers: What advice could you give a young writer about writing in the Science Fiction genre?
Is the golden era of science fiction over?
Why is most contemporary post-apocalyptic fiction designed for a YA audience?
Can I write both historical fiction and epic fantasy or should I just start in one genre first?
Should a Christian (JW) be reading fantasy and fiction stories?
What is a science fiction movie concept you want to see made?
If I want to learn more about world history, what are some fictional books I could read?
What fictional universe would you like to inhabit and what fictional character would you want to interact with?
You find yourself controlling TWO bodies: your original one, and your ideal body of the opposite sex. I can explain your situation. Any questions?
What is the story behind your fictional characters "Raj" and "Meera"?
Which books to use to learn all about analysing fiction and non-fiction texts?
What are some best fiction novels on brain diseases?
What is your own personal Dystopia?
How do you write realistic dialogue in historical fiction without making references to modern jargon?
How would you have an magnificent godlike characters who do incredible things?
What are some great fiction novels for 18+ people?
Which are some interesting fictious books?
What are some examples of expository fiction?
Should I create a plot that revolves around characters or characters that revolve around a plot?
Are eBooks the best way for new fiction authors to build a following?
Are repeated thoughts about a fictional character bad?
I am thinking to write a political fiction?
Is there any difference in naming a novel "Island of …" or "The Island of …"?
Why do we accept things in a story but not on Quora? I see a lot of questions posted on Quora asking for "the craziest thing that ever happened"
Is a unappealing to start a mystery novel by showing how the villian is masturbating to news clippings of his crimes?
What is the worst, most disgusting and gross fan fiction ever written?
Which books published after 1999 are aimed at the British upper class, both nonfiction and fiction?
I am stuck at a point of my fiction. It's been 5 years and I am not able to write further. What should I do to get ideas?
How did you turn from a fiction reader into a nonfiction reader? What or who converted you?
Is the book "Number the Stars" by Lois Lowry fiction or nonfiction, and why?
Are there names for specific plot development devices? If so, what are they?
How is the book 'Swiss Family Robinson' a work of historical fiction?
Can we have a topic for Science Fiction (Books)?
What would be a good dinosaur name for different military ranks in writing?
What do storms usually symbolize in literary fiction?
Is a work of fiction some how inspired by life?
How do I extract the hidden message in an allegory or parable?
Who are the best authors in fiction and non fiction? List a few best authors and their books which make me feel to read a lots of their stories?
What are must read books for INTJ in fiction?
Is there a website where someone has made the structure for a fictional world where you can add your features? (companies, places, people) if it fits in?
What's the best way to stay on top of critically-acclaimed contemporary fiction releases?
What fiction is there originally written in Navajo?
Do I need a book editor for an educational non fiction book?
What are good examples of Chekhov's gun?
Is it unhealthy for a teenager to have a crush on a fictional character that's a terrible role model?
Is branded product placement common in contemporary fiction?
What software is best for writing/organizing fiction? I use Dramatica but it is not always user friendly.
Can anyone give me suggestions for fiction books based on Chinese history/set in ancient China?
What are the 10 most powerful weapons in fiction and in reality?
At what point do you stop researching and start writing, especially considering the genre is fiction?
Who are some of the most famous fictional characters of all time who were shaped by childhood trauma?
What are some of the greatest fiction books of the 20th century?
What are some underused fiction ideas?
Where would Vietnam be today if it wasn't for communism?
Is the below pasted start to a novel too unengaging and tell?
I consider Lolita (Nabokov) and Hitchhiker series (Adams) to be the very best of literary fiction. What books do you think I'd find great?
What fascinating historical conflict would make for a compelling fictional world to be based on?
Does classic literature still appeal to youngsters these days?
Apart from fiction and autobiographies, what else do ghostwriters cover?
As a woman, do you ever find that you can't tolerate some of the classics of science fiction, because women are portrayed as props and not people?
How many hours a day do you write and how many words do you write per day for fiction?
What are some books about Louisiana Voodoo?
In science fiction, is it becoming more difficult to imagine the impossible?
What are some of the best fiction books with life lessons?
How is the theme "Loneliness" portrayed in The Perks of Being a Wallflower?
What far future science fiction concept do you think is most likely to come true?
What is the theme of A Sound of Thunder?
How is writing fiction for women different from men?
Is it possible for a fictional character to contest election in India?
Is fiction from books and movies influencing  people  to have high expectations in life?
Who came up with the name of the fictitious country IRK in 24?
Psychology: Why I feel terrified when I understand how weak I am in comparison with fictional characters?
How historically accurate is Christopher Paul Curtis's novel Bud, Not Buddy?
Is there someplace I can write fiction stories and people can rate them?
How much of the book "Dongri to Dubai" is fictionalized by the author?
Is '1984' a science fiction or a political fiction masquerading as a science fiction?
Any good fiction (book/film/TV series) with a significantly stupid yet relatable/enjoyable protagonist?
What are some profoundly philosophical science fiction novels?
What are some good adult fiction works by Roald Dahl?
What are some good fiction novels that have a Scottish setting?
Who are some of the most famous fictional characters who suffered trauma as a child?
Is the life of Dan Brown in danger because of the revelations he always makes in his novels? Can he write his next book in a safe place?
How do I get an agent for my memoir, autobiographical fiction book?
What are some things to consider before deciding what time period to set your story?
What science fiction abilities can we actually acquire?
How can I reach younger audiences if I am writing middle grade fiction books?
How do I publish and sell my finished revised fiction novel (250 pages)?
What are some science fiction books or films with obscure but profound messages or parallels about humanity?
What killed serialized fiction?
What character fictional or real would be the best talk show host?
What are some good one-on-one fight descriptions in books of fiction, with weapons and without?
What nouns are commonly used to describe a character in YA fiction?
How do magical symbols work in fiction?
What percent of officers in Nobunaga's Ambition are fictional?
Can you suggest me a few good books (historical fictions)?
In a fiction novel, when the characters speak "The Crown vs Smith", should it be versus or against?
What are fatal flaws in fiction writing?
As a non-American, why does every apocalyptic fiction has Texas and California rising as powerful nations?
When writing fiction, should I use "okay" or "ok"?
Are there Quora members who do free mentoring work for aspiring fiction writers?
Ca you tell me a creative short fictional story about the number 138?
What are the Leadership and Life lessons from Christopher Nolan's Batman Trilogy?
What are some unknown facts about "The Dark Knight Trilogy" directed by Christopher Nolan ?
Which science fiction novel looks like the most likely prediction of our future to you?
What are some books that would make good movies or tv series?
What happens if a professional author "plagiarizes" from a fan fiction derived from his/her own work?
Is there a good book on criminal fiction analysis?
What was it like to work w/James Gandolfini as his fictional daughter?
What are your favorite works of epical historical fiction?
Where can I get all range of kids books from beautiful picture books to popular children's fiction at Sydney?
Which would make you smarter: reading textbooks or reading fiction books?
Which is the Best fiction on Indian friendship between a teen guy and girl you have ever read?
Is this short prologue piece well written and structured?
Can we say that science and fiction form a constant symbiotic relationship?
How would you describe Stephen King's prose?
What are some science fiction novels that depict the theme of 'Star Wars'?
What are some interesting science fiction novels and romantic?
If Dr. House was a non fictional character, how much would be his annual income?
What are some good realistic fiction books for middle schoolers?
What powerful explanation would you share in a science fiction story to demonstrate how humans can minimize existential threat?
As a fiction writer, how can I avoid cliches and what are some that are common in books?
What book I should read in 2016? (Either non-fiction or fiction.) For a beginner in English ?
What're some good fiction books that have life as the central premise and not romance or murder?
After dystopian fiction, what's going to be the dominant theme of the next wave of Young Adult fiction?
Where can I find a screenplay writer interested in Science Fiction / Fantasy to adapt my novel?
What fictional characters do you like which is either largely ignored or hated, and why?
Do psychopaths enjoy reading fiction?
Why do people from India read foreign literature?
Do you know of any books (fiction) that deal with the loss of an older adult brother?
Which science fiction novel should I try first for time travelling, space, imaginations, etc?
What are some of the most imaginative fiction books?
What's a good name for a fictional Vermont small town?
What are the best entertaining fiction books to read to give a cultural insight into different European countries?
What is the secret to landing a spot on Bookbub if you are a new Indie fiction author?
How can one think of a good fictional story for his/her book/novel?
Which job pays for reading fiction books?
What's the greatest sources of inspiration for creating mafia groups or individuals in fiction?
Is Dune really the best selling science fiction novel? Does it have any competitors?
Is Harry Turtledove's alternative history fiction too focused on anecdotes? Does this come at the expense of creating engaging plots?
Why is fiction so fascinating?
What fictional food have you always wanted to try?
What personifications of the sun is commonly used in literary fiction?
What is the best written incarnation of the story "The Nutcracker"?
Do classics have so many words that are no longer used?
Why and how do so many of Stephen King's novels get converted into movies?
Which (fictional) characters do you find lovely?
What is a good method to come up with fictional names for items in my story?
What types of practice do I need to do regularly when I want to start writing fiction?
How do I find bookstores that sell children's historical fiction in the tri-state area?
Is it wrong or illegal to call for the killing of a fictional character?
Is science fiction a good medium to educate people about science?
What do I need to know to write good fiction?
What are some novels/journals/papers that will make you question reality?
Is there any work of science fiction that portrays humans as not special?
I like writing fiction but my strength is in non-fiction. Which one should I pursue?
What does it mean to be a zerophiliac?
Why isn't there successful Vietnamese historical fiction?
What are the best space stations in Science Fiction?
Can you write a fictional book that takes place at a an amusement park without violating that company's intellectual property rights?
Can writing (fiction and non-fiction) be taught?
Would I get sued for basing a fiction story on the work of a dead person?
Are there instances in fiction or reality where the rich turned out to be kinder and nicer than the poor, and thus breaking the often used stereotype?
What are some real life stranger-than-fiction stories?
Would this make a good dojo in a fictional story?
Who is the most well-developed fictional character?
Law: Why do celebrities have the right to claim their names as self-made brands and not allow them to be placed in other people's fictional work?
Do books like Harry Potter with their fictional stories have the potential to become something like the Bible for religions in the future?
What is the most interesting hypothetical science fiction technology that is feasibly attainable?
Who were the most wasted fictional characters?
Which (fictional) characters do you admire?
What is the name of the author/series of historical fiction (?) involving German physicians who were prisoners of war on the Eastern Front?
What are common mistakes new fiction writers make?
What's the best book outside of Anglo-American fiction?
How do I know if my fiction book is good enough or not to be published?
Does reading a wide variety of fiction and non-fiction raise your IQ or simply reveal it?
What are some books or online resources where writers can learn about structure in literary fiction?
What are some good science fiction idea that are not yet produced in movie?
Where do I publish my web serial?
What movie or TV show has the most realistic portrayal of a life of crime?
What is the most dangerous terrorist organization in fiction?
Is Clanton, Mississippi a real location? If not, what is it inspired by?
What is the function of a hero in literary fiction?
What are the best examples of short (10 000 words max.) fiction in English?
Should a fiction writer in training annotate/close read an entire book or just sections of text?
Which are some good sites/blogs for writers of fiction?
Which science fiction novels give an insight on the life as Type 2 or 3 (or even 4) civilizations?
What is the best literature/fictional universes that depict a society where everyone is free from fear?
What things that were once stuff of science fiction became reality and/or it's part of everyday life?
Who were the most emotionally mature couple throughout (non-fictional/fictional) history?
I'm writing a fictional fantasy novel. It has multiple characters (think the cartoon Digimon). Should I add a backstory section and character guide?
How do writers of historical fiction come up with such realistic characters, character traits, events and the effect of events on their characters?
What is the best literature/fictional universes that depict a society where everyone is free from fear, free from work, and free from secrets?
Who is the closest real-life approximation to Manfred Macx in Charles Stross' Accelerando?
Are there any anime that has a character that is a princess from a fictional European nation?
Why are there hardly any significant female characters in Russian Crime Fiction novels?
What is the best book in fiction?
What are some suitable books for an enthusiastic fantasy reader to get into non-fantasy fiction?
What are some effective ways to dispose of a body?
Is the character Roland Deschain  a pure good character?
How do you become a successful interactive fiction author?
Why do we see very few Indian writers in drama, historical fiction,mystery, thriller,science fiction and non fiction section?
How do I accept the imperfections of a good fictional story?
What is your fictional thinking of what computer software will be in the future?
Which author writes police procedural fiction better than Ed McBain?
What is a foil character in literary fiction?
Is Terminator the best science fiction movie series ever?
Why is crime fiction so popular even though it's the same story retold in a different way every time?
What can be done to reduce the gender and diversity gap in Science Fiction writing?
What should I know before writing a chapter about woman abuse for a fiction book?
Fiction: A question for all black magic victims- has black magic affected you in your studies? (Non believers please keep your opinions to yourself)?
How can I get better at self-editing my fiction?
What famous literary characters are known for being "bringers of light"?
How do you measure distances in your fantasy map?
Books: What is the best/most beautiful fictional place you wish existed in reality?
Is there any work of fiction similar to Borges' proposed The God of the Labyrinth?
Is writing romantic historical fiction haram?
Which fiction novel should I read if I am 13?
Is it advisable to speed read fiction books? The average reader snails through prose at a rate of about 250-300 words per minute.
How can I learn fiction writing by reading the foundation trilogy when I am anxious and it takes a while to read?
Is writing historical fiction haram in Islam?
Why is Horror considered a speculative fiction?
Why do I have a crush on a fictional character that is very problematic, with little to no redeeming qualities?
If an advanced civilization has created us, where are they now? How does their world look like?
What is the best mythological fiction you read?
What are some good books (fiction) that do not have a clear storyline?
How would you stop somebody from using telepathic control?
How do I write a monster roaring in fiction?
As an adult, I want to read fiction, but it feels uncomfortable when I try to comprehend and visualize what is written. How do I better read fiction?
What are examples of fiction which have a scientific spin/background to them?
What are some made up things in science fiction and fantasy that turned out to be (close to) true/real?
What are good books regarding not taking life too seriously and enjoying it ? Fiction/non-fiction but not self-help books.
Using your imagination what deep meaning can you give to this quote from Chewbacca?
What is the best imaginary world in entertainment or literature? 
What is the difference between fiction and fact?
What are the best works of literature with lovecraftian themes?
What is the best fictional book from television?
Who is the funniest fictional rock star?
What are some best fiction books for me if I love writing from Rick Riordan, Dan Brown and other unbelievable stories?
Are there any examples of fiction or film with the premise of a civil war in the modern or near-future US?
Can you suggest some fiction English novels for beginner?
What light-hearted and optimistic science fiction (audio-) novels (preferably recent) can you recommend?
Can you suggest me a mystery or a thriller novel for teens? (Just 3-4 titles and fiction/non-fiction/fantasy any of them would do).
Will Sci-Fi be considered Realistic Fiction once we have the technology, in the future?
How do I develop an investigation for a Fiction Novel material research?
What is the best serious anime?
Is it seen as rude for a white person to write a fictional story on slavery?
Those with psychopathy: Which fictional character would best describe you?
What is Mahabharata? Is it just an epic, a fictional story or it is reality?
Andy Weir: Do you think "hard" and "mundane" science fiction is harder to write than the more fantastical stuff?
What are some books that I should read to develop my overall personality like (intelligence, knowledge, way of thinking etc) If I am a beginner)?
What are some characters with a distinct narrative voice?
What is the best fictional movie about Angels?
How many are interested in reviewing a mythology thriller fiction?
Death comes up a lot in fiction, why don't the other horsemen (War, Famine and Pestilence)?
Andy Weir: As a science fiction writer what is your top 5 science fiction books?
Will reading Nortons anthology of literature or the Elements of Style make me a better fiction writer?
What do you think of this romantic short-film,"The Letter"?
Why does amazon have an option to offer ebook a for free?
Who as per you is the most beautiful living writer?
What are the most interesting AI in fiction?
How do fictional magicians find their incantations?
What would be the consequences if (theoretically) the heavenly bodies in our universe exist in different shapes with varied and irregular orbits?
If Lord of the Rings, Harry Potter or Neuromancer, etc. would also act as textbooks, which relevant real-world topics should they contain?
If I published a fan fiction online about a real person, could I get in legal trouble?
"Play by my rules so that I can better defeat you". What do you think of this phrase? Does it strike a chord with you?
What are other names for "shape shifters"?
What are some science fiction concepts which are never used in films?
What are some of the very best books in speculative fiction?
What are the lists of the fictional wars, battles, rebellions, and other forms of conflicts in novels, movies, TV series, video games, etc.?
What are the most underrated fiction books?
What are the next big social issues for popular literary fiction to cover?
If you had to choose a non-human animal (real or fictional, extant or extinct) to be killed and/or eaten by, what would it be and why?
Which books should I read fiction(fantasy) or non-fiction ? And which one is better and why?
Is Jesus real or just another fictional character?
Which 5 thriller/mystery novels (fiction/non-fiction) I should read to understand the genre?
Andy Weir: What should a good science fiction story must have?
Who do you think are American's top ten fictional character heroes?
Andy Weir: As a child or teen did you ever think about writing such a book? Do you think that 'The Martian' is unique compared to other science fiction books?
What are the top 10 teen fiction novels?
How common is it for fictional authors to present their fictional universes in a nonlinear fashion?
Which female fiction character was a good role model?
How can I increase my reading speed? Any techniques or methods I can use? And which books fiction(fantasy)/non-fiction to refer?
What are some good fiction books on nazism?
What are the best songs by fictional bands?
What's a famous fictional character known for their ugliness? (Or just known to be extremely ugly)
How do I start an epic fantasy fiction novel?
How powerful is a Culture Ship compared to other fictional ships?
Andy Weir: How can I become a fiction writer?
What are some examples of fictional visual artists in television shows?
Andy Weir: What sub-genre of science fiction inspires you the most?
What are science fiction novels that also teach some science or other useful knowledge?
What are some good novels featuring autistic protagonists?
What is the most awesome name for a character in a work of fiction?
What are some of the most interesting science fiction books/movies?
When making up a character, fictional setting, and etc., do you get an exact image of what it should look like or is it just bits of pieces?
What are some of the best young adult fiction books you have read?
What is the right definition of "modern fiction/poetry"?
Noam Chomsky: Is it True that Aryan Invasion in India was the greatest piece of fiction cooked up by Europeans?
What are some Great fiction novels of mythologywhich a young adult can read?
Which are some good books/novels I should read before my first interview? (so that I can at least show some knowledge apart from academics and News)
How much do the main characters personality, belief and idea reflects that of their creator?
I'm creating a fictional crime-fighting squad. How many main characters and roles do I need?
What does it take to be a good fiction story writer?
How can I find typical, Western, fictional/Hollywood TV shows interesting?
Who are some of the fictional superheroes whom we have not even heard of?
Which are the most famous (real or fictional) horses in the world?
How did you find inspiration to make fiction writing?
Why is "To Kill A Mockingbird" by Harper Lee so famous?
Why is it that people always tell me not to indulge in too much fiction? What's so wrong with escaping into the world of fiction/
Do fiction authors and academics sometimes work together to create novelistic textbooks or educational novels?
What is it like to write science fiction as a scientist?
Why are humans so obsessed with non-humans, such as robots or reptilians, in fiction?
Why do some people with Autism have a hard time understanding fiction novels?
Are there any tips or tricks to suspending your readers' disbelief?
How is the book 'The Reapers are the Angels' by Alden Bell?
How do I introduce a character into a story (fictional)?
What is hypertext fiction?
What advance would you expect to get on a non fiction book?
In the Emberverse fictional universe, what caused "The Change"?
Can I release a fiction ebook at the age of 14?
Is there any story in which a time traveler attempts to prevent the Holocaust by preventing World War I?
If I want to try out Gothic fiction, where should I start?
Which are some of the best book stores to go to buy fiction in Allahabad?
Some omniversal unfortunate event occurs, whatever it is, and all fiction comes into existence. How can we defeat the beyonders?
Who's the best fictional dog of all time?
What are some great mind-blowing books for a fiction fantasy lover?
What's the most effective way to promote your first work of fiction to potential publishers?
Matt Gallagher: How can fiction usefully address the civilian-military divide?
What would be funny consequences if sound traveled faster than light?
Why are poetry and fiction required parts of education, if other forms of art such as music are not? Are they the best way to teach analytical skills?
Is Holocaust denial illegal if published within a work of fiction?
What previous science fiction books and movies inspired Andy Weir in writing The Martian?
Andy Weir: What do you suggest to a young fiction writer?
Did the banning of high technology from the Dune universe limit its impact on popular culture compared to other science fiction works?
Sabres of Infinity: How are the Baneblooded and Banecasters treated in society?
Who are some well known Russian science fiction authors?
Andy Weir: Does Science Fiction have to be about superheroes or apocalyptic scenarios? Why not the life of a normal scientist like legal fiction?
What are your favourite young adult science fiction novels written in third person limited pov?
How can I be better at finishing my short creative fiction?
Show vs Tell: can show sometimes be wrong, and when is it right to tell?
Andy Weir: What science fiction novels would you recommend and why?
What are the best fan theories you ever heard?
What are some science fiction books that can be considered works of art?
How does the fictional Dante differ from the real-life Dante?
What are the advantages of the entertaining stories and fiction?
What is the ethics of claiming a work of fiction is based on True Events when it is not?
How should I go about developing my idea for a horror story?
Andy Weir: What other authors or science fiction books influenced how you wrote the Martian?
Is there a famous character real or fiction who is always in pyjamas?
Which Science Fiction novels are based on the Korean War (1950-53)?
What are the best fiction or non-fiction novels I can read to improve my english (vocabs)?
What is your favourite plot device?
Do writers tend to write from the perspective of a certain gender in most of their work?
How do I avoid being sued for libel when writing a fictionalized account of my life?
Andy Weir: Will you be writing more fictions based on Mars in near future?
How many can review fiction thriller?
Which are best indian fiction books?
Speculative Fiction: What defines one living thing as a "pet" to another?
How do I write a tearful happy ending?
Does it ever occur that an author's work takes root so deep in the fans leading them to theories and speculations that go beyond the them? If yes, how does it feel?
Which non fiction books are interesting, easy to read as well as mind expanding and knowledgeable?
What are some really interesting science fiction books to read?
What are some of the most reliable ways to evaluate your story ideas?
Why do we get attached to fictional characters?
When is it a depiction of culture in a work of fiction?
Is the oxygenator in the Martian a real machine now or is that fiction?
How did Robert Harling come up with such unique names for the characters in "Steel Magnolias"?
Discworld: According to the novel Small Gods, a God needs believers to be strong. So why in The Colour of Magic is The Lady such a powerful goddess?
Which fictional character would you vote for and why?
Is it possible (and if so, how) to feel a real emotion toward a fictional character in a fictional space such as a movie, novel, poem, song etc.?
What is the present status of quality science fiction in India? And how many of the science fiction writers in India publish in English?
What are the best science fiction novels set in Asia, Africa, or Latin America?
How do you tell the difference between truth (that which actually transpired) and compelling fiction?
Who are some of the best women writers of science fiction?
What are some good fiction books (translated to English) written by Israeli authors about the Mossad?
At what speed would a man weighing 635 kg and being 1.73 m tall be able to run on water?
What are examples of all-powerful characters in fiction like Star Trek's Q?
Reading: Do people often forget fiction more quickly than non-fiction?
What are some made-up addresses?
What are some great young adult science fiction novels with male protagonist?
Which are some of the best books falling into the genre of historical fiction?
What is the average royalty and advance payment over the life of an average fiction novel that is published traditionally?
Can you recommend a fiction book with a beautiful relationship in it?
If you could marry any fictional character from any movie, book, or show, who would it be and why?
Who is your favorite atheist character in fiction?
How competitive is it to write fiction for a living and get published in Canada?
What are some modern and contemporary fiction written in beautiful poetic prose and speaks directly to the reader's soul?
What is the largest fictional tree?
What are some best funny conversations between two people? It can be fiction too.
What is your recommended English fiction book for learning copywriting skills like rhythm and conversational tone?
Can authors use famous people in fiction books?
Is artificial gravity a feasible concept, or is it purely science fiction?
Has wranchi Raja Ayurveera been defeated any time by Mallikarjuna?
Is the phrase "X takes on a life of itself" a cliché in fiction writing?
Who are your favorite crime fiction writers?
Do most villains in fiction believe they're not evil villains, but misunderstood heroes?
What are some books I can read to learn more about how to write a fiction novel?
Do people remember reading nonfiction books better than they remember reading fiction books?
Fiction: what scenario would yield the military/ government unable to stop an uprising?
Which fictional character would you take out on a date?
Why are most fantasies set in medieval era or distant future but not in the present or recent past?
Rick Yancey: What are the best fiction and non-fiction books you've ever read?
What are some of the best tools to use when researching for a fiction novel that is about to be written?
Which book in fiction work is considered the best?
What is a force field? In physics and science fiction?
What traits do smart writers have?
Who Marvel Comics: Who wins this fight Ghost Rider (Zarathos) vs Lucifer Morningstar and why?
Who is the most sarcastic fictional character ever?
What is a powerful name of a book that includes a President who suffers but never shows it?
Why don't DC and Marvel take more characters from world mythologies?
Which are the best historic fiction novels/series?
Lev Grossman: Which field do you think is ripe for a fiction book to be based in? What do you think about data science?
Lev Grossman: What other contemporary fiction/fantasy novels are you reading/would you recommend?
Which two villains from any fictional universe would have the best showdown?
Can anyone give me some PDFs of some wonderful books?
Rick Yancey: Were you inspired by any work of fiction while writing the 5th wave series?
Time Travel: Are there any good fiction out there where only the antagonist can time-travel?
Who are some lesser known writers of Young Adult fiction who deserve a look?
Who is your favorite forgotten author(s) of classic science fiction?
Which are some of the best feminist literary fiction works from Latin America (similar to Isabel Allende's works)?
Which works of contemporary literary fiction are best rated?
What is the average lifespan of a fictional work?
How do we know that our holy books aren't fiction written by writers of that time with a very vivid imagination?
Why are science fiction authors more likely to predict the future than actual scientists?
How can I deal with a child who wants to be something fictional, denies that it isn't real, and is neglecting their ability to become anything real?
How do you allocate time between reading novels (fiction/non-fiction) and technical books?
A Song of Ice and Fire (book series): What is GRRM trying to hint (if anything) by the 'growing number of R'hllor's followers'?
What genre would  the memoir of a fictional character while uncluding real people, elements, and events be?
Which are the best fiction/Thriller books to read?
Are Catholic fiction writers better than Protestant fiction writers, in general?  If so, why?
Why is Robinson Crusoe is the first Novel in History of English fiction?
Is there any absurdist fiction in Indonesia?
What was the best fiction book you read in the past year?
What are beliefs a fictional nihilist character could have resulting in them using destructive actions?
Is this true for a crime or is this just a work of fiction?
Why are there many legends about female-only kingdom, yet not so much (I personally don't know of any) about male-only kingdom?
What are the most fascinating fictional worlds?
Can you help me find a science fiction short story about an astronaut floating alone in space?
For actual professional, or published fiction writers, do you often, or even ever, feel resistance to writing?
I am very good at making up fictional stories, but I fall back when it comes to writing.What should be my strategy to overcome it?
How much effort should I be putting into naming my characters in my science fiction novel? I find this very time consuming and tedious.
Star Wars: Why didn't Luke inherit Anakin's anger issues and tendency for violence?
Is reading fiction the best way to develop creativity?
What are some best books which talk about a logical and imroved educational system, no matter if it's fiction or non fiction(details Below)?
Why do so many people think fiction writing is easy? People get you can't paint a masterpiece the first time you try. Why is writing different?
Peter Singer: How can I tell that the past isn't a fiction designed to account for the discrepancy between my immediate physical sensations and my state of mind?
What are some facts that prove reality is more amazing than fiction?
Which is the best fiction book on political corruption online?
What if a werewolf-astronaut went to the moon?
Is it possible to form interesting fiction using the facts on your subject book?
What's a good teen fiction book?
How do I know that the fiction I am writing at the moment is worth publishing or not?
Why was there almost no sci-fi before 19th century even through scientific revolution had happened much earlier than 19th century?
What are the great meaningful stories in 250 characters?
What is the principal difference between literary fiction and genre fiction?
What is the strangest fictional character you've ever found yourself attracted to?
What would happen if all humans suddenly were to realize that everything about religion is wicked fiction?
What is the best advice for a sci-fi/adventure writer trying their hand at contemporary fiction?
What are some names for a fictional utopian society?
Is there any other science fiction movie better than intersteller?
What are some arguments against Anatoly Fomenko's book History: Fiction or Science?
What is Kaa the python's role in the new 2016 Jungle Book movie?
How would you rank Robin Hobb's Trilogies?
Which are some fictional books that explains business management principles like, The Goal by Eliyahu Goldratt and Veelocity?
What type of fictional dragon is big enough to devour the earth?
What is the writing genre called if there's a mix between real stories and fiction?
What is the first use of a "laser gun" in fiction?
Are there any Science Fiction writers who also are fundamental islamists?
If I like to write fictional stories and scripts, where can I pitch them to if I have no connections?
What are some good auto-biographies to start for someone who is making the transition from fiction to non-fiction?
Can you write fiction full time?
Why do we enjoy being associated with factions or houses in fictional works?
What are some of the fiction / non fiction books that I can read for CAT 2016?
Does this science fiction theory seem scientifically sound and possible to integrate into a story for a layman to understand?
What are the best fictional or non fictional books related to biology and medical stuff?
Why is fiction writing traditionally frowned upon in comparison to nonfiction writing?
Is it alright for an adult to only read fiction?
Who is the common ancestor of all modern worlds of science fiction?
Lev Grossman: How do you think magic is perceived in fiction in West and East?
If I write about false experiences in my life is it fiction or non fiction?
Creative Writing: What are some of the most standout or unusual characters you've created?
What are the best sites for TG comics / fiction?
Can anyone suggest a high school level-appropriate WWII short story?
Peter Singer: What fictional universes/stories would you say fit closest to what you view as an "ideal society"?
What are some good books about the South Pacific? Fiction, travelogues, memoirs, etc.
When did the term "speculative fiction" started being used? And is it broader than "science fiction" (albeit less commonly used)?
Do readers typically enjoy fiction over non-fiction?
How do I write about adults and have them make more sense in children's fiction?
Would you call a person that does not read fiction but is rather interested in fact based non-fiction uneducated/not intellectual?
Lev Grossman: You are a journalist and the writer of fiction. What is your advice for aspiring writers who want to write both genres?
Does The Shiva Trilogy hold any literary merit?
I am learning English. When I read fiction, how can I use the dictionary more efficiently?
Do you know any good fictional, or real story based films about memory?
Who are some good fiction authors for someone who generally prefers reading nonfiction?
What's another word for a vampire that wasn't born a vampire?
Science Fiction: Can a person be in two places or in two time periods at the same time?
Should I show fiction written about an ex to them before publishing?
If all fictional worlds are merged into each other who would be the most powerful character and who would do the merging?What plot would develop?
What are your recommendations for Science fiction stories or novels in Tamil?
How is the book Armada by Ernest Cline?
What are some of the most interesting fictional depictions of the afterlife?
Can a writer be ever be jailed in USA for writing some kind of fiction?
What are the plot devices you would like to see less of?
What are the best Meetups in New York City for serious writers of fiction?
I have committed myself to writing a piece of fiction, to writing everyday, but I am just journaling currently.Will real ideas eventually come?
Why aren't tabloids required to put a label on their magazine indicating that it's fiction? 
Is anyone willing to review a new System of Govt. being worked on by me?
Why is Olaf Stapledon so under-rated in Science Fiction?
What are classic fiction books somebody interested in literature should read?
What are some great prophecies, written in novels (fiction), and how did they end up turning out?
What are some examples of FTL drives in science fiction that do not violate causality?
Is sivagami (Sivagamiyin Sabatham) a fictional character?
What are fantasy worlds you've created?
Are there any fiction writers on Snapchat?
Where can I find somebody who is a strict follower/scholar of Islam to proof read my upcoming fiction novel for parts that go against Islamic rules?
What is one of the most beautifully written Science Fiction Novels?
Which type of books do you get more value from?
Who are the top storytellers in the world currently?
What are some non-fiction and fiction about anti-corruption campaigning?
Who's using Medium for fiction author platform building? How?
Gillian Anderson: What does it takes to author a science fiction series?
What were the religions of the peoples of Middle-earth?
How do you credit a dictionary in a work of fiction?
How do libraries decide whether a work of fiction belongs in the fiction section or in the literature part of non-fiction?
Books: What are the qualities of a novel that cause readers to transition from merely enjoying it to realizing they love it?
What are the best fiction books written by Indian authors?
What are some good names for a fictional high school?
What's the name of the story where a man is killed with cyanide by his daughter in a PA future where the UN offers food in exchange for human corpses?
What are some awesome science fiction movies that many people haven't seen?
What possible mechanisms could supply the energy for superheroes powers?
If friction is not a reaction force, what is the reaction force for fiction?
What is the meaning of "science fiction fantasy"?
What purpose do chapter titles in fiction serve?
What are the top science fiction movies ever?
What are the weirdest weapons in fiction?
Is Science Fiction being needlessly sub-divided and categorized?
If you had to live in a fictional world, between Harry Potter, Lord of the Rings or Game of Thrones, which would it be?
What are some well known works of fiction based on mutinies aboard ships?
Which alternate fictitious world would you prefer to live in and why?
Spider Man: Is Gwen Stacy's pregnancy by Norman Osborn the result of sexual assault?
How does one publish one's novel (fiction) in India?
I lost the ability to enjoy fiction literature, what should I do?
Are all the dystopian plots just coincidence? (Hunger Games, Divergent, The Maze Runner series)?
Why is the male character named Raj in most stories pertaining to India?
How important is discipline in fiction writing?
Names and Naming: What is a good name for a selkie?
What fictional works have a computer scientist as a main character?
What are some good novels based on fighter jets and pilots?
How best do I name characters of a (fiction) novel?
When Dexter's brother invited him to share a boys' night, Dexter said in mind “Retro me, Brianus!”. Is it  from some kind of allusions? Or Latin?
How does it feel to live in a fiction world?
What are your favorite books (both fiction and non-fiction) that never went mainstream?
Which ghostwritten fiction books have gone on to become bestsellers?
Fiction: How difficult would be the enrollment of a magical/alien/supernatural being in a normal high school?
Which books are fictional novels based on companies and employees?
Where did the idea of using owls, pigeons, ravens, or etc. for mail in fantasy stories come from?
What is @Julie Prentice's next work of creative fiction?
What are your suggestions for science fiction books on swarm robotics with AI in mind?
What is the name of the book where the dragon hunter turned into dragon himself?
What are some fictional characters with teal colored eyes?
What is the best Science Fiction novels translated to arabic?
Who is the greatest fictional detective in the history of television?
What is the difference between a feminist female protagonist and just a strong-willed heroine?
What are some good English books to read (Fiction/ Non Fiction) for a non native English speaker to get into habit of reading?
As a published YA fiction writer, what are some of the most touching reader/ fan interactions you've had?
Hollywood: What is the name of this   crime drama movie that involves searching for a missing person?
Why do so many characters in fiction have names that are words?
What are some good fiction book series for teens that do not contain inappropriate content?
Why do entertainment like novels, movies, and video games become mainstream and not their intermediates like interactive fiction or choose-your-own-adventure games?
A friend recommended Frederick Pohl for science fiction reading. Anybody familiar with his work and a book suggestion?
Which should be the best hindi fiction book/novel for a beginner?
What are some things I'll need to consider when creating a fictional language?
Gillian Anderson: If you had the opportunity to magically assume the life of a fictional character that you have played, such as Agent Dana Scully, would you?
What are some good topics to write a fiction book about? Why?
What are some of the best original idea in science fiction?
What are the faster and better methodologies to write a good fictional story book?
What are the most important ingredients in a controversial fiction novel?
How do I find fiction and non-fiction discounted book sales in pune?
Could future generations somehow forget that the Lord of the Rings novels were fiction and use them as the basis of a new religion?
What is the size of the target market for a product for creative or fiction writers?
Is it IP theft to sell crib notes of non fiction books written by a non author?
If you could choose one fictional place to visit. Where would it be and why?
Can fiction be written on a historical controversy?
Is it legal to use a fictional character name as a pseudonym?
How about an omniscient narrator that "zooms-in" on a character, then zooms-out to reveal information or focus on another character. Could it work?
Is story more important than the characters in a fiction?
What is a cool superpower that hasn't been explored (in fictional world and reality)?
Has there ever been a time/event when fictional literature came true in real life?
How do I earn money by writing fiction?
Gillian Anderson: What's your favourite book to read? Fiction and non-fiction.
What famous science fiction novels can you recommend to a newbie?
When writing dialogue in fiction, is it stronger to say, "Never forget that he loves you!" or "Remember that he loves you!"?
Any advice for breaking into the (fiction) editing field?
Which novel (fictional + mythological) do you think are worth reading?
What are the core elements of "Old Western" stories and movies?
Where can I publish speculative short fiction?
Are there any good Chemistry science fiction stories besides ; the disappearing spoon, flatland, periodic kingdom and molecules?
Should I read fiction books?
What are the basis of dialogues in the movies based on true stories and history considering all the conversations of characters are not known to us ?
What is the best way to write a WW2 historical fiction story?
Would John Green ever write historical fiction?
What constitutes "contemporary fiction"?
What should you put on the back of a fiction book?
What are the best fictional books to improve one's way of speech and fluency?
Why were the gods, in the fictional literature's of India, sent to earth as punishment for their wrongful deeds?
How do I stop reading so much fanfiction?
What plot can you write for a story based on this interesting line -"There was a legend about the well in the garden"?
Can someone help me remember the name of this short science fiction story about transmigration into another world?
Can anyone name some awesome mystery fiction books to reward?
Gillian Anderson: How would you compare "The X-Files" with another giant in the Sci-Fi genre, "Fringe"?
What techniques have Quorans used to write works of fiction longer than 100 pages?
Gillian Anderson: If you could meet any woman from history or fiction, who would it be and why?
What fiction/non fiction books should I read to improve my verbal section in cat?
Gillian Anderson: Which is the best fiction book you have ever read?
Where do people get ideas for realistic fiction books?
Which are some influential but fictional characters?
Why do I obsess over trashy fictional characters?
Where can I get advice on electronic "use rights" concerning fiction writing submitted by users on my website?
How do I create the best female antagonist with a male sidekick in fiction?
Who are some female psychopaths/sociopaths in literature?
Why are all military or government forces incompetent in fiction?
What are some of the best fiction books that will motivate you to become successful?
How can I find book review bloggers of urban fiction?
Art: Why is the message in an artwork so hard to get compared to the message in an ad, when the piece is intended to convey a message?
Is there a feat a fictional character could perform which would suggest they could survive inside the sun for a length of time (short of the obvious)?
Gillian Anderson: What do you like to read? Fiction, non-fiction? Do you even have the time?
What are some recommended nonfiction books of special appeal to fiction lovers?
What is the scope for High Fantasy fiction in India, and why are publishers in the country so hesitant to experiment with the genre?
Has anyone written a story where algorithms are the characters and each one's "personality" explains what the algorithm does?
How true are stories written by people in Quora? Are there any fiction added to it sometimes?
Does one need to understand people on a deep level to write a fiction novel?
Do you like reading fiction?
Fear, uncertainty, and doubts are preventing me from writing a realistic fiction novel, using some of my own life stories. Any advice on what to do?
How do you make good storylines for books? Do fiction writers add personal experiences to their books? Do you plan it out?
Who all are willing to read a short, simple and magnetising fiction book which has all the elements of love, pain, inspiration, entertainment & drama?
What are the best historical fiction books you have ever read?
Vore: What would you do, if you woke up to find yourself a topping the size of a black-bean on a searing hot pizza?
What are some science fiction books that have realistically complex planets?
What would be a good (fiction) book to read for someone who wants to improve their intermediate level of Spanish?
Can I use some brand names in my fiction? If yes, won't it be infringement?
Fictional Characters: Who is Jobless Jack?
Can I name a real company after a fictional company?
What are some interesting facts about Dan Brown and his books?
How do I develop characters for my first fiction book/novel?
What is more challenging when writing fiction. Dialogue between characters or description of events?
Are there any books (either fiction or non-fiction) about the medical applications of quantum technology?
How do I NOT copy things from other novels?
What is the most fictional fact related to death?
What are the best works of fiction/novels that make you smarter?
Robert Frost: What are your favorite works of fiction about space exploration?
Why should we read fiction?
Which fiction novels were popular in the 1960's?
What are some cool fictional devices and technology?
Which is the best childhood short stories you ever heard?
Which villain character will make you sympathetic towards him at the end of the story\movie?
For somebody new to reading fiction, what importance should reviews have before buying a book?
What is the best and worst time to release a fiction book in India, gearing towards the younger generations?
I'd like to write fictional stories. I have some ideas but I don't know to structure them. Where can I start?
What are some popular fact-based fiction novels for young adults?
What is the best ways for me stop getting addicted to my smartphone and cultivate the habit of reading?
How do I find a good non fiction editor?
What are some examples of demonyms in fiction and literature?
What are some notable cyborgs in science fiction?
Who are your favourite characters from print (text or graphic) and who would you cast to play them in a movie adaptation?
What are the names of different races or beings with special powers/ magic from across fiction, literature and mythology?
Marvel gives you the duty of re-writing the graphic novel, Wolverine: The End, what would you do with the story to change it?
What is the most commonly used fictional language?
What are some of the coolest creatures created by speculative biology?
Where can you find snipers in War Z?
What are some fictional laws created for the sake of a movie or a comic book?
What are some good science fiction novels that involve living under a dictatorship?
Every now and then a fictional person gets let out of prison for being important to some cause, is there any basis for that in reality?
How much science fiction derived from actual science and how much of it is fantasy?
Which fictional characters have the birthday of March 14th?
When using magic, do I have to create a word for said magic? 
What are some good works of fiction where archery takes a centre stage? Something a bit more classic than hunger games?
How do I create a realistic fiction book about the natural origin and evolution of life on an alien world?
What are some good names for a fictional character who is good at heart, but is afraid of his past because of some wrong things he did?
How much protection does the "characters entirely fictitious" line in a book really provide?
Can the environment of a spaceship ever have earth-like gravity, or will this only ever be the preserve of science fiction TV and film?
Who are the best Japanese female science fiction and fantasy writers?
What is the work used to describe a type of writing in which reality is shown through a fictional story?
What do you guys think of musical fiction? Do you think it's good enough to express a musical composition through a novel?
What is a 'Mary Sue'?
 Exodus vs Nimrod who wins this fight and why?
When writing a fiction novel, which is the best order to follow considering worldbuilding, outline, plot planning, map making, etc?
What are some science fiction novels that portray successful utopias?
Robert Frost: What are some best space fiction novels you recommend?
Could I be too old to become a published fiction writer?
What is it like reading books? What is it like reading huge fiction novels? What is the purpose behind it, other than to pass the time and as an experience?
To what extent is a fictional setting subject to copyright restriction?
What is the best short superhero story you can come up with?
Do fiction publishers still read paper manuscripts, or is it all done digitally? Which software do they use?
Is this a good story beginning?
How exactly did the Xenomorph in Alien 3 die? Was it a sudden change in temperature, or something else?
What are some original or unique superpowers that are also not weird (besides the ones in Marvel and DC)?
What are the best fiction books for self development?
I heard actor kajal aggarwal is into reading fiction novels any body has an idea of her book collection?
I have challenged myself to read 52 non fiction books in 52 weeks what books do you recommend I read?
What are examples of fictional demons?
To write a novel of crime fiction, what key things one has to follow to characterize the plot?
Which American fiction novels have the most accurate portrayals of the American South?
What are the best fiction books to read in winters? Along with authors?
What science fiction scenarios could still happen in our lifetimes?
Is god fictional?
What are some good read-alouds for kindergarteners, fiction or non-fiction, that have to do with space travel?
What is the best literary description of hell?
I loved the book "Histories of my life" of Giacomo Casanova, but, is true what is told in this book or is fiction?
Which fiction world do you want to live in?
What are some specific strategies that can help me visualize while reading?
What are some book ideas that I can write a book with? Fictional ideas or creative non fiction requested
What are the best mangas that never got a proper anime?
Which are the good fiction books to read?
Who is better archer: Bard the Bowman (The Hobbit),Oliver Queen (Arrow/ DC comics), Hawkeye (Avengers/ Marvel comics) or Legolas (Lord of the Rings)?
What will aliens conclude on human being's mission and vision, after observing our recent activities?
A utopia that can be proofed as dystopia, is it still a utopia?
What are some of the best mangas that didnt have an adaptation but probably should have got one?
What is the most creative use of a narrator in a fiction book?
How are your experiences with Scrivener for writing fiction? How do you use it to do worldbuilding, revision, outlining, etc?
How would it be if you suddenly realized you were an alien being occupying a human body on Earth?
What fiction novels were popular in the 1970's?
What is the scariest book you have ever read? Was it fiction or non fiction?
Why is the technology in Alien 1979 and Alien: Isolation so outdated and complicated?
Can fictional characters be protected by copyright?
What can I do when my family doesn't take my interests seriously?
How does fiction work?
What are some science fiction stories that involve a group manipulating evolution over long periods of time?
What is the best novel under 200 pages?
How do fiction books help improving personality?
Is there such a thing as a "Slice of Life" novel?
Is Maglor alive in The Third Age?
Despite being fictional, how accurate is the lifestyle in the year 1999 portrayed in the film "The Matrix"?
How are the ideas flowing in the head of fiction writers whilst they're writing?
I can no longer read virtually all forms of fiction without being distracted by other thoughts when I run into textual triggers. It is not due to an attention disorder. Why don't potential images disturb me like textual ones?
What questions should I ask myself before writing a fictional character?
Why, very often, do many fiction authors use war and international conflict as the backdrop to their novels?
Will anyone publish my science fiction novel?
Who is your favourite fictional historical naval hero; Hornblower, Bolitho, Ramage or Aubrey? Why?
How do you know if the book (or other forms of fiction) you are planning to write isn't already made, like if it has the same plot or setting?
As shown in some science fiction films, can astronauts really sleep for years and years? Will it be possible in future?
What are some really good english books (both fiction and non-fiction) to read?
How can I make myself like reading fiction?
How does syntax affect content in fiction?
Why aren't gay characters more common in popular fiction?
Why do many people get emotional during watching movie/ reading movie even it is a fictional?
What type of computer is best for fiction writing?
What do I keep in mind while writing a science fiction novel?
Was 2015 a better year for fiction or nonfiction?
If there is one fictional world you can live in, which would that be and why?
What archetype would villains such as Bellatrix (Harry Potter) and Harley Quinn (Batman) be considered?
What is the name of this fantasy book that involves a pregnant witch?
How far are we from achieving immortality? Will this stay a thing of fiction for this generation?
What are some great fiction books with no romance of any kind?
What are some explanations scientists and fiction writers have postulated for deja vu?
What are some of the best quotable lines that you have come across while reading books?
Can you please give me examples of villains who tried to destroy or rule the world because they lose faith in humanity?
Should I write about a fictional character whom I consider a hero?
What are some good books (fiction or non-fiction) that are set in Singapore?
Creative Writing: Is this paragraph well-written for a work of fiction?
Where can I find a good fiction ebook marketing expert?
Are there any works of fiction that realistically depict how hard it is for most people to actually try and kill someone deliberately?
What are your personal top five works of fiction and how/why/when did they affect you?
What books should a 28 year old, who liked existentialist fiction but now thinks that responsibilities come before questioning life, read?
What is the most ingenious fictional plot?
What are the best adult fiction books that take place in heaven?
Who will be the great (both popular and productive) writer, especially, in fiction, of India in 2020?
Which popular science fiction books contain cyborgs?
What did Peter Drucker want to communicate through his "The Temptation to Do Good"?
Why does popular fiction have such a short life?
Why is Science Fiction popular in USA?
Would it be an interesting challenge for you to produce fiction for digital interactive media?
What are some of the best red herrings in fiction?
Which are best fictional fairy-tale like hotels in the World?
How does L Ron Hubbard's early fiction writing compare to his writing on Scientology?
How do some fiction writers write with such wisdom?
Which is the best fictional robot combination sequence?
Is anyone interested in reading automotive related horror fiction stories or road stories in general?  Richard Elsliger on Amazon's Kindle
How do you feel about characters who exist only to move along a plot point?
What are some vampire fiction books that could inspire feminism?
Do you prefer short stories or full-length novels?
What are some of the most famous science fiction novels?
How is Pulp Fiction postmodern?
What are some thriller/spy novels that are told in a very rich prose, reading almost like literary fiction?
What are some official licensed versions of "The Settlers of Catan" that feature fantasy or science fiction IPs?
Political science fiction recommendations?
What are some examples of netherworlds that are particularly memorable / creepy in fiction?
Why do you think novels of fiction with dystopic universes are so popular among teen readers?
Why most things that are in science fiction novels ultimately become reality? For example H.G wells novels. Do writers foresee times to come?
What are some of the most famous science fiction movies?
Is there a science fiction work where robots achieve sentience and then just become lazy?
Literature: Is there any fiction novel / long story written around India-Pakistan reunion into Hindustan?
How many different writing structures are there when writing fiction?
What is a fictional character with the most kills?
What are the influences of modern literary fiction?
What concepts are taught at fiction writing workshops?
I want to be a fiction writer.How do you think I should go about it?
Which fiction books are most edifying?
Why is science fiction important to society?
Which fiction books best depict effectiveness applicable to contemporary life?
In terms of "personality" which fictional alien race matches Quora the best?
Why do you think so many adults are reading YA fiction lately and seem in many cases to prefer it to adult fiction?
I want to read some German books to improve my German (now B1). What books do you recommend? I enjoy both fiction and non-fiction.
What are some characteristics of the genre science fiction?
What are some of the best works of inuit fiction/non fiction that has been translated to english?
Will a literature/literary fiction degree get me anywhere?
How did Pulp Fiction change cinema?
What are some existential questions asked and explored by works of fiction?
What are your top 3 favorite real or fictional spaceships?
What are some historical fiction books similar to My Name Is Red?
Can someone write me a sad story?
What is the difference between literary fiction and fiction?
How do I market a fiction - 'political thriller'? Any suggestions to market my novel 'Fizz...'
How do I make the most OP character in fictional?
What are the greatest inventions from science fiction books?
Who are some famous kleptomaniacs in fiction?
How would you want to see romance in a fantasy book? Any tips to achieve that one romance that is convincing and has meaning?
How do I find blogs of authors that may be looking for input /knowledge of a particular topic to help them out for their next novel/fiction/non fiction?
Why do I keep dreaming about a fictional character where it connects to real life events?
What are some good tips for Science Fiction writers?
Are there any fiction books that don't have articulate language but are still very lively and entertaining?
What are some examples of fictional literary devices?
Is there a minimum or maximum words you can write when you have a word limit in a flash fiction?
What is most colossal entity from any form of fiction?
What are the best chat rooms for science fiction writers?
Which characters from Pulp Fiction are the most memorable?
I have a good writing talent. I have decided to write a fiction. What kind of stories attracts the indians?
What are writing techniques for creating fiction short stories?
What are some of the earliest science fiction books?
Where can I get second hand good non fiction books?
What should be kept in mind when writing a children's book as opposed to writing adult fiction?
What are the best examples of science fiction for an aspiring writer to use as inspiration?
If you could insert yourself into a fictional universe what would you do?
What are publishing companies looking for in fiction writing?
How does reading fiction make people smarter or more intelligent?
What is the most beautiful thing you have ever seen or read in fiction? Can be anything from an object to a system to even a concept.
When is it acceptable to change race or gender on fictional characters?
Is it right to write historical fiction as sometimes they are given priority over real History?
Why do some readers prefer Young Adult literature over books meant for more mature audiences?
What are common characteristics of science fiction novels?
I have finished my novel. It's a science fiction and I have tried approaching few publishers online but failed. How do you advice I should proceed now?
Which fictional universe\franchise has the worst retconning?
Inviting reviews of : The Einstein Girl by Philip Sington. How did you analyze it?
What are the different fiction genres?
What are the best domestic fiction books for pre-teens?
Shannon Messenger: Do you read primarily YA fiction yourself? Who are your favorite authors?
How does literary fiction compare to genre fiction?
What are the best lists to choose fiction books from?
What is the difference between literary fiction and commercial fiction?
What are some current movements in literary fiction?
What are Short-Stories about Thanksgiving?
Are pseudonyms fictional characters?
Which fictional characters are similar to Michael Scott from The Office?
How prevalent is product placement in fiction today?
I'm writing a book on fiction. I need some small stories. Where can I find it?
Is the Vampire the greatest fiction of all?
My fictional novel takes place at a private college. Can I do that?
What are some interesting portrayals of artificial intelligence in fiction?
What is a novel based on original historical events but a work of fiction called?
What are the common literary elements in literary fiction?
Who has Short fiction they would like to publish?
Is there a fictional story that intelligently parallels with the ISIS problem?
Who is the best fictional spy: Sterling Archer, James Bond, Michael Westen, Jack Ryan, Ethan Hunt, someone else?
Is non-fiction really better than fiction?
How do authors make science fiction believable?
What is the best historical fiction novel in English that I can gift someone?
What makes a character human?
What does literary non fiction mean?
What are the genres of literary fiction?
Do the majority of fiction writers also write non-fiction?
What do you see as the biggest differences between YA and new adult fiction, and in what areas do they overlap most?
What are some science fiction books or movies featuring cybernetics?
How do you build a convincing fictional world?
What are the themes in Pulp Fiction?
Who are the most influential historical/biographical fiction personalities?
Which is the best fantasy fiction book you have read by an Indian Author?
Where should I set a story?
What are some great fiction books that play in winter?
Is anthropomorphism more prevalent in children's literature or in adult fiction? Why?
What do eyes that "betray a fierce intelligence" look like?
How do I develop deeper appreciation for reading fiction?
What are some pieces of fiction that could be called science fantasy?
What are some of the best fiction works concerning Africa?
Do you know any great fiction writers that were also successful in the "real world" (business, normal job, etc)?
How do evil masterminds plan?
What are some examples of novels, books etc. with exceptional, unique, groundbreaking approaches to storytelling?
How do I read fictional books better?
What makes moments in fiction emotionally striking, resonant or impactful? How can a writer achieve such powerful emotional impact?
What are some mythological fiction books that I can read?
What is the name of that science fiction movie where a guy dreams for two and a half hours and has conversation with a physics professor etc.?
What are some great fictional stories published on Medium.com?
What are the best fiction books to download on wattpad?
What are the best fiction books about California?
If your sole purpose in life is to produce a story like Death Note (only 10 times better) before you die, how should you plan your life long-term?
What about the story line of Raiders of the Lost Ark was so magical?
How do I find the underlying meaning when reading books?
Why do I care so deeply about fictional characters?
What are 3 Reasons you do not read as much fiction as you used to?
Do credit cards swiped at supermarket or any other store/machine asks for OTP send to your phone?
Should a fiction writer have a blog?
What are some fiction with great gender/racial/sexual/social representation that you like?
What are some of the most intelligent Fiction books?
What themes do science fiction novels with teleportation usually tackle?
Is there a fiction/non-fiction divide in nerd culture?
Can you name some fiction novels that have father-son relationships and suffering as main themes?
Do you know couples in fiction who are in love, are more or less faithful to each other, but can not be together for any length of time, because, say, they work for two enemy factions who hate each other?
Is it normal to have fictional conversations?
What are the best fiction books about the Moon?
Should fiction writing be fun?
In a fantastical or mythological world, how would a godlike being live in the sun, sea or the sky, and how are such scenarios addressed in world mythology and/or modern fiction?
What are the best nonfiction books of all time? Why?
When writing fiction, what is the best way to reference a character who never interacts with other characters (but whose existence is still critical to the narrative)?
If you heard the words "Middle East" being used in "any" of the Halloween movies, would it bother you?
On TV shows and movies, assassins often make their own bullets to serve as their signatures. What are some examples of killers who have done this in real life? If it's just a fictional construct, who are the most famous fictional assassins who make their own ammunition?
Does good fiction require a delusional writer?
How has teleportation been portrayed in 20th century science fiction literature?
Can you be asexual if you are only attracted to fictional characters?
Which is the set of your favorite novels and why?
What works of fiction both long and short form take place in New Orleans?
What were the most popular science fiction books of 2009?
Who according to you are the top 10 greatest fictional characters on TV of all time and why?
If I am starting to read, in what order shall I go : Spirituality, Philosophy, Non-fiction, Fiction?
What are some common crime writing mistakes and clichés that annoy you?
In vampire fiction, can a half-breed (result of mating between vampire and human) produce babies with a vampire?
Who are some well-known fictional supervillains?
Are there any fiction books on entrepreneurship for kids? I am saddened how there are so few, especially for girls.
I am an aspiring fiction writer, where can I publish my work?
What are best 50 books (fiction and non fiction) I should read before I die?
What are the best fiction books of 2015?
Are there libraries the specialize in a certain genre of fiction? If so how are their collections organized?
Spider-man is my hero and role model. Is it wrong for me to idolize and look up to a fictional character?
I'm looking to get some feedback on my fiction/novel writing website. Would someone please let me know what they think?
Short Stories: What are short and simple but impactful stories?
Is Angel the vampire with a soul a Antihero, hero or both?
What is the distribution of values for number of major and minor characters per word/page in common novels?
How do people feel about the way Stephen King inserted himself as a character into his own Dark Tower series?
Have any fiction authors or writers ever completely switched POV in a revision of a piece?
What are some fictional stories about spirit of life?
What are some fiction books that discuss the French and Indian War?
If you could bring one fictional character to life, who would it be? and why?
What are some good "portal fiction" stories?
Who is the most popular fictional character in Bangladesh?
Should I read nonfiction or fiction? Pros and cons?
Dating and Relationships: What is a good example in fiction (film, literature, television, etc.) of pickup artists and what they do to pick up beautiful women?
Am I a Sensitive Young Person because I read fiction?
Is there any fiction book written on Indus valley civilization?
What is the best armor in fiction?
Are there any fictional stories regarding the tsunami cloud recently witnessed in Sydney?
Is it ethical to change the ending of your favorite story and think as if the original ending doesn't exist (in your mind) instead of accepting the ending the way it is ? Thank you
Which famous fictional characters are similar to Tyler Durden?
Who is the best science fiction author of Latin America?
What are the best fictional books based on the Illuminati?
Where can I buy used books of fiction or nonfiction online in India?
How can I write a better fan fiction?
What is the most terrifying evil force in science fiction?
Are there any stories where all the characters (including the protagonists) are evil?
Who according to you is the best prankster? (Real or Fictional)?
What are some good fiction or fanatsy books that are mysterious and adventurous with a lot of thrill?
What genre of fiction does Brandon Sanderson write?
How are the plots and characters of Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction connected?
Why do real African contemporary fiction writers rarely get traditionally published?
Does reading science fiction improve creative thinking?
Aren't the zombies there out of evolution of the old fashioned vampire fiction... some similarities being undead, feasting on the living and sure way of getting rid of them by beheading?
What is the best historical fiction novel?
What are the junior spies in 1984 (novel)?
Which are the finest Indian fictional and non fictional books?
Why isn't 2015 as futuristic as science fiction make it out to be?
How do you source new Young Adult fiction to read?
How would Tucker Max or James Altucher market a fiction book?
What is the power of "Enraged Manipulation" Wilhelmina Vandom from W.I.T.C.H?
Which is best fiction to read now?
What are the some benefits of reading fiction on daily basis?
Who are some well-known fictional captains? What makes them memorable?
How do people screw up in writing fiction?
How necessary/critical is active voice when writing fiction as well as for online posts (like the ones people publish on LinkedIn for example)?
What are some books for intellegent philosophical people to enjoy? Can be fiction and non fiction
Has the ratio of scientist vs. non-scientist science fiction writers changed over the decades? (And has this changed the mood of science fiction?)
Who have been some notable captains in American fiction?
English (language): What is the difference between 'fictional' and 'fictitious'?
What is the difference between fiction readers who love fantasy and science fiction and those who don't like these genres at all? I realize that there are also those who like one and not the other.
Why do novels and fiction sell more than non fiction?
Why is it that contemporary African fiction writers hardly get published?
Will humans ever evolve to non-corporeal beings as suggested in some science fiction?
How do I write a perfect fiction?
What is your list of must-read fiction books?
Are the areas of Colorado in Forza Horizons fictional?
Do you visualize scenes when reading fiction?
What are the best fiction books that one should read during 20s?
Who is the most famous fictional dog?
How can I depict a loss of religious faith for my character in a piece of fiction?
What is the largest structure described in science fiction?
Is there time to read fiction in med school?
How do you create your own universe for a fictional book or fictional book series?
How can I aquire greater detail for the characters in my historical fiction writing?
Who are the best fictional badasses?
What are some good fiction based on different cultures?
In fiction, what is a scene and how do you write one?
What is your review of Void (An anthology)?
What's your favorite fictional species?
What are some fiction stories about philosophers?
Can you provide feedback on this book idea/draft of mine?
What will happen if Hitman is assigned to kill Batman?
What is the longest work of fiction in english?
What are some of the best-looking fictional spaceships ever designed?
I have recently developed a habit of reading books, mostly fiction, and have read almost 50 books in 2 years. But I always find it hard to pick the next book to read. So how to pick up the next book effectively?
How are Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction connected?
What are some of your favorite fiction novels?
What are some good fiction books about the earth's rotation?
Why is Batman rich?
Are vishakanyas for real or it is just fiction?
Why do powerful wizards often have long beards in literature and movies?
Can you recommend a good fiction book about police/detective investigation?
Do you know of any good fictional Christian books?
What current science fiction writers are most strongly influenced by Gene Roddenberry?
How would my fictional medic keep a hostage victim with a GSW alive?
What books should I read if I want to write fiction?
Is there concrete evidence to prove that ISIS is not a work of fiction?
What are the best fiction or non fiction books to improve oneself in every way?
What are some good science fiction books with space wars, time travel and aliens?
How did Snape know where Harry was when he placed the sword of Gryffindor in the forest pool? And how did he ensure that Harry would apparate to that particular area?
Intellectual Property Law: What makes the distinction between fan fiction and plagiarism, from a legal standpoint?
Which parts of the movie were fact/fiction?
What are characteristics of a dark fantasy genre fiction?
What should be the writing style for horror fiction?
Which is the better "end-of-the-world" story, Swan Song by Robert McCammon or The Stand by Steven King?
What part of the movie Talvar is fact and what part is fiction?
I have created a blog where I post the short sci-fi stories that I'm writing. How do I find my first readers? Where can I submit my stories?
What did Danny Devito have to do with Pulp Fiction?
Is a page and a half too short for a chapter?
What are some examples of novels and books that are fictionalized accounts of the lives of real people?
Why do boy/girl twins exist in fiction when it's biologically impossible? Twins can only be one gender.
How does reading novels (fiction) help in getting a job in real life?
Who inspired the fictional character Meredith Grey?
How do I write a script for a novel / movie / games?
What is the best horror fiction?
How did Robinson Crusoe contribute to the genre of realistic fiction?
Is there a such thing as "Visual Fanfiction"?
What are some of the inspirational books about bringing a change in the society and systems? Both fiction and non-fiction suggestions are welcome.
What is the process of recording an audio book (fiction or non-fiction)?
What was Jagadish Chandra Bose's contribution to science fiction writing?
What are the best mysteries and historical fiction in Bangla with English translations?
What makes for a compelling fictional rivalry?
What are the best nonfiction books about Protestantism?
Why do some science fiction movies focus more on people rather the monsters?
What books do you recommend about writing fantasy, and about writing fiction in general?
Is all fiction writing consciously or unconsciously a search for God?
What science fiction has a good solution for fighting air pollution?
When authors purposefully write bad characters for people to hate in their books, are they not being unfair to the villians who never had a chance?
What fiction books revolve around the idea of karma?
What are the best fictional portrayals of Stan Lee?
What are the three most popular scenarios or themes for Young Adult Fiction today?
What are the movies which went unnoticed could have been a bestseller if it had been made as a fiction book instead?
What is the best fiction book written in one of the Slavic languages?
Was there really a material called Starlite that's able to withstand and insulate from extreme heat?
What would happen if Chandler Bing met Lord Voldemort?
How well do Halo novels measure up as works of fiction?
Why do dragons blow fire instead of something else?
Why can't the Middle East exist in the "Halloween" films?
How is The Most Dangerous Game commercial fiction?
Is the theatrical version of Halloween: The Curse of Michael Myers one of the greatest movies ever made?
Are there any other works of fiction like the anime Gate: JSDF Fought Here?
Why does "Avatar: The Last Airbender" have such a big fanbase?
Which is the best indian science fiction stories?
How does Cormier present Francis in his novel Heroes?
Can you give me common 99 character archetypes in western culture fiction?
What are some of the most intricate movie/novel plots?
Are typical citizens of the DC and Marvel Universes aware of life on other planets?
What are some of the best sites to download free e books fiction books?
What are some of Hollywood's most unrealistic demonstrations of human durability?
I've been on Quora for two days straight including last night. It is keeping me from writing fiction which I seldom attempt but want to do. What should I do?
Are there any words that have absolutely no legitimacy (i.e. for authenticity in works of fiction, or for accuracy in historical/cultural contexts) and should be banned from public discourse?
Is J.K. Rowling going to write more books?
What are some popular fictional books or movies that introduced to complicated concepts?
How can a fiction author build their author platform without feeling completely overwhelmed?
What is the first known work of fiction created in the written or print form?
What fiction books take place in Haiti?
I was asked to write a crime novel for a well known publisher with great contacts. Should I do it?
How is reading Fiction different from watching it?
What tragic characters in literature do not actually possess a tragic flaw? What tragic characters fall from grace through fate, and not through any inadequacy on their part?
What is the most accurate fictional movie set around aviation/airplanes/in-flight drama?
What are the MBTI types of your favorite couples? (real or fictional)
How did watchmojo get it so wrong putting mostly outright villains in their top 10 movie antiheroes?
Hypothetical Scenarios: If you had a dinner party and could invite five fictional characters, who would they be, and why?
Who are some fictional female lawyers?
What book/s would you recommend if I want to read some literary fiction/thrillers work with a dash of philosophical horror thrown in for seasoning?
Why is Divergent considered science fiction?
What fiction works include fictional depictions of Cicero?
If you only have one shot at getting a book published, what would you write about?
2014-2015 : Which book from the genre of contemporary fiction has changed the way you think and the way you live?
Why do women tend to fall for fictional characters?
Have you found the CliFi (climate fiction) genre a useful way for understanding climate change?  A partial list: The Climate Web
Is there some fiction as unformulaic as Doctor Who?
How do I expand higher arc ideas in an interesting manner?
If James Bond were to ask "Does all of reality exist everywhere?" in Spectre, would you change your behaviour?
What are some fictional characters or non-fictional people who are likeable and why?
If vigilantes existed in real life like they do in comics, movies, books, fictional media, etc. what real life equipment would they use?
Is Anthony Bourdain a good author? What are his fiction books like?
Why does the majority of science fiction seem to be dystopian and pessimistic?
Does a name's pronunciation really matter when writing fiction?
International Space Station: Theoretically, would it be possible to build massive capital ships (as seen in space science fiction)?
What are some of the good fiction/non fiction reads for a First year MBA (marketing)?
Which is your favorite Tenali Rama story?
Is "Vimanika" and "Viman Shastra" a reality or fiction?
What is a fiction book that shows the life of a successfull person?
Is there any fictional character which Elon Musk relates to?
In the Island of Dr. Moreau by HG Wells, what do you suppose Montgomery was kicked out of London for?
What books (fiction or not) did you find to be very engrossing right from the first page?
What is your favourite prediction of future tech in science fiction film or tv and why?
What are the best upperintermediate novels?
I read a lot of fiction novels. Is it a waste of time?
Who are the manliest real and fictional heroes on the planet?
How come certain pieces of fiction become "timeless" while other similar works fade into obscurity?
If you were to rewrite the Bible as a work of fiction, assuming the Bible is fiction, what would you change?
If vigilantes existed in real life like they do in comics, movies, books, fictional media, etc. what real life tactics/techniques, etc. would they use?
I want to self publish a book that is a satirical fake memoir about a fictional character that someone else created, I will only use first name, will I be in legal trouble?
What are the creepiest science fiction films ever made?
Storytelling: If you could create a superhero of Indian origin, then what powers will he/she posses and how will he/she get those powers?
If Iron Man's reactor powers his suit according to the first Iron Man film, why in Iron Man 3 must it be recharged?
Is there any good crime fiction involving dancing?
How do you separate fact from fiction in regards to the Salem Witch Trials?
Who are the fictional beings that defend your Country?
Anthropologist Kathy Reichs based the TV show Bones on her life and work. How much 'fiction' is added to the Fox series?
Which book/magazine/journal (fiction/non fiction) has had one of the best descriptions of the frozen arctic wilderness that you have read?
How could we communicate with Quolora, Quora in a parallel universe?
Is there any science fiction movie after which scientist thought about it and worked on the movie theme?
Does the movie Groundhog Day count as a "Time-Travel" movie?
How much of Shantaram is fictional?
Is there a formula for plotlines and characters that most popular young adult fiction stories follow?
What are the best fiction books involving Protestantism?
Is there a scientific reason to why cyclops beams the plasma off eyes without hurting himself? How does the energy get converted?
Which fictional characters do people say you remind them of?
Is it dangerous to read fiction to small children?
Is time travel just fiction or possibilty of upcoming future?
How would one go about creating a sense of mystery and foreboding in a work of fiction?
What was Ivan Ilych's illness?
What is the best scene for you in the series of Harry Potter book which was not included in the movie?
Can one write a book on the character of James Bond, or is it copyrighted?
Benjamin "Ben" Linus was a very manipulative fictional character on the ABC television series Lost. What are the other examples like him in the literature?
Have there been any books (fiction or non-fiction) written totally in Esperanto?
Why are there so many more MtF fiction than FtM?
What are serious real/fictional stories about con artists and/or maybe titles of novels concerning them?
What do you do when you explore dark and difficult ideas in themes?
Which fictional literary dates do you know?
Is fiction completely different from pure reality?
When studying the craft of writing, is time better spent reading works of fiction or works about fiction?
What are the trade-offs of using different points of view in fiction writing?
In writing my science fiction book, is it sufficient to describe various material properties as the result of exotic matter spewing itself from the collision of two neutron stars?
What would be the worst fictional universe to live in?
Can we have fiction writing prompts on Quora?
Novels: Which story outline is suited more to a  literary fiction prose style novel with intentions to enter into a fellowship such as Stegner or Provincetown
What are some of the worst catchphrases used by fictional characters?
Is there any science fiction book available about a type 3 civilization?
Do libraries in IIT's have books only for academics and research or does it have general fiction, non-fiction also?
I am going to write an e-book. Will I have better sales with a non-fiction or fiction book given the current market?
Which is the most widely read fiction genre?
What are some good science fiction books for teenagers?
What are all the mistakes in The Flash?
Phone numbers like 1-xxx-555-01xx are reserved for fiction, but what about 1-555-xxx-xxxx?
What is the best selling fiction book?
What are some fiction, short stories involving mental illness?
I wanna be like fictional character of amy Elliot Dunne of gone girl?
What are some Science Fiction themes and tropes?
How have the Mad Max movies impacted apocalyptic and post-apocalyptic fiction?
What is the bagpipe tune used in Monty Python's Science Fiction sketch?
Where can I buy or get access to quality book summaries (fiction, non fiction, business books)?
When is it a good idea to have characters speak in full on accents in written fiction?
What are some science fiction stories where a medication and computer technology (Artificial Intelligence / App / Game / Sensor / Virtual Reality / Etc) is used together to treat or manage a health issue?
What are some fiction books with a Don Draper / Harvey Specter type of guy in there as the main character?
What are some of the earliest works of speculative fiction?
Where can I purchase wholesale books (fiction/non-fiction) in India?
What are the best books (fiction and non fiction) about cyber crime?
For writing fiction, how could I realistically describe a gun, its components, the process of cleaning it, shooting out of it and reloading it, considering my tiny amount of knowledge comes from movies?
Are there any good science fiction novels concerning the ever increasing entropy and the eventual heat death of the universe?
Is there a market for Hindi fiction today?
What are the best fiction books about the human condition?
What is your favorite animated cartoon/fictional character? Why is it your favorite?
Which part is best in mrityunjay by shivaji sawant?
What is the best fiction book of the 20th century and why?
What fiction book you recommend about a man suffering from his own shallowness and longing for higher meaning?
What it feels to read fiction for the first time?
Which are some of the most bad-ass fictional female characters in movies?
What is your favorite science fiction cross-over concept?
What is a list of young adult fiction novels?
I barely ever read fiction books and I think that's a problem. What are some that changed your life?
What are some good books (be it fiction or non fiction) on Chinese and Russian mafia?
What are the best fiction novels you have read? What's so unique about them?
How can one get more involved in reading fiction and how to create a more enriched reading experience?
Are fiction authors making any difference to the world?
What's black technology?
What is the best book to read in non fiction category?
Fiction: Which movie was the land the elves traveled off into in, in The Lord of the Rings?
Writers: Fiction: How do you write?
Anyone who knew technology (in real life / future or in science fiction) that is equal to "Hoi Poi Capsules"?
What are some interesting crime/detective stories apart from the ones written by Agatha Christie and Sir Arthur Conan Doyle?
Top fiction books for engineering students?
I have been addicted to fictional world for a long time (TV dramas mostly).How can I get out of it?
How can I distinguish a "manic pixie dream girl" from a just "really cheerful and cute girl"?
So many tv series end long before the story is finished as the creators intended.  Is there any good way to hear/find out what the rest of the story would have been like?
Are Villains aware that destroying the world leaves them with no one to torment and doom themselves?
For you, what elements make a good sci-fi film/book/show/video game?
What are the best science fiction books written since 2000? Who are the best authors?
What novels and non-fiction books are good for grade 8?
Why don't you ever (presumably) read non-fiction?
Is it okay and/or healthy to read two (fiction) books at the same time?
I am looking for the author or name of a science fiction story I read as a teenager. Does anyone have any ideas?
Does fiction promote an unscientific perspective on life?
What are some of your future predictions that seems like science fiction?
What, exactly, separates horror from other forms of fiction?
What are the chances a big-time publisher accepts a fiction novel?
What are some historical fiction/non-fiction books would you highly recommend to read?
Is mythology a brilliant work of fiction or a pressing past?
Where can I find fiction detective synopsis?
What some fictional books, stories or movies, for which logical or intelligent reasoning is a dominant element at play, like Sherlock Holmes?
I have to buy fiction novels for my students of Grade 11 & 12. Can I get some recommendations?
Where can you find The Black Dagger Brotherhood fan fiction?
What are the best blogs by fiction writers?
Why is Frankenstein considered to be one of the first science fiction novels?
"Anchor" propulsion (see the details for a full explanation of the question), would that be possible?
If you could live in any fictional world (literature, movie/shows, comic books, etc.), what would it be?
Can anybody earn a living by writing fiction in India?
Is originality in word choice vital for writing fiction? Can you accidently plagiarize?
My fiction book is getting launched next month. How do I increase the engagement for it on Quora?
What are some good sci-fi/fiction books with real facts?
What are the names of the greatest foreign language science fiction films besides Solaris and la jete?
Why are Ayn Rand's two books, Atlas Shrugged and The Fountainhead quoted so often by people in the GOP when everyone knows those books are fiction, not history.
What is the difference between external and internal conflict in fiction writing?
What are some of the masterpieces of fiction written in the last decade?
What are the benefits of static characters in fiction?
What fictional character most profoundly influenced you?
I love to read fiction books. books related to vampires wolf warlocks and everything. which books should I read?
In plausible fiction, what could cause many in future generations to be rendered infertile?
How do I explain an anthropomorphic shark to have a male and a female reproductive system?
Fiction: In a tag team of brains and brawns, who will be a better duo: Chacha Chaudhary and Nagraj or Sherlock and Daredevil?
What is the difference between fiction stories & religious stories (e.g. NT, Quran)?
Does reading books make me smarter even if I only read fiction?
What is the Indian fiction category?
Has any science fiction writer come up with a plausible scenario about how a sapient and fully aquatic form of life might evolve?
What's a description of a hero from science fiction?
If one has a science fiction story in mind like "inception" what is the best way to note it down?
What are the best historical fiction books about the U.S. Civil War?
Which are good nonfiction books related to the world's arms industry?
How do you determine if a fiction book is a work of genius?
Where can I find a concert date archives, needed for historical fiction novel?
Which of these fictional characters is the coolest?
What should I do to become a science fiction writer?
What are the exact words of Hannah Baker on cassette tape one?
Who are some most evil villains in fiction and what's their most evil lines?
What are some best fiction short stories?
Can anyone recommend a good fiction book set in industrial age London?
I'm looking for science fiction novels. What could be a sub genre like space time, dimensions, aliens, higher intelligence, etc.?
What fictional character not from The Wheel of Time would make a great Warder?
What are the best websites or methods to discover new fantasy fiction series or authors?
What is special about nicholas sparks's writing in the "wedding"?
What is a summary of Vampire Kisses?
Who are the top 5-10 most confident movie characters?
What's the theme of "Those Winter Sundays" by Robert Hayden?
What methods might future historians use to determine that the records we have about individuals such as Bruce Wayne (Batman) and Peter Parker (Spider-Man), among many others, are entirely fictional, and not the wildly exaggerated exploits of actual people?
Are gravitons present or are they just science fiction? Is gravity a force or an effect?
For films/series set in a real city, does it also reflect real landmarks of that city?
Is there a fictional work that doesn't shy away from beautifully depicting human psychology, be it good or bad?
Why can't we integrate irreversible fiction?
Why are aliens in science fiction movies more powerful than us and attack us?
What is your review of Twilight (2008 movie)?
I have authored my first book, which is an upcoming fiction book with a unique and captivating storyline. I want to make it a revolution because I firmly believe in the messages I am conveying through the book. How do I reach out to the maximum amount of people globally?
What system of plot variations (7 basic plot types, 36 dramatic situations, etc.) is most widely accepted by fiction writers and why?
I have interest in fiction, history, autobiography, adventure. Which are best books as per these categories?
Why do I care about what happens to a fictional character?
What is the most heartbreaking romance you've encountered?
What is the most original piece of fiction writing to have emerged from the last 50 years?
What are the biggest scientific mistakes made in science fiction Hollywood films?
Are there any publishers that publish supernatural fictional stories?
Which major aspirational fictional characters do not engage in illegal/immoral activities?
Why are there so few black spies?
Are there any people remaining who understand Tolkien's fictional linguistics as well as the professor himself did?
Where can I find "Wise and Otherwise" by Sudha Murthy in Hindi?
How can you identify the rising action of a piece of fiction?
What are some examples that show an impact of science fiction stories in reality?
How can a movie editor make a character appear fictional?
How can I as a new screenwriter improve my pitch, projects and presence?
What science fiction books build a plot around the relationship between two inhabited planets in the same solar system?
Who are some of the greatest iconic Heroines from all types of fiction?
What are some good cautionary tales about the hazards of making wishes?
I want to write a novel about India during the Partition, but I have little historical knowledge about the details during that time. How can I write an effective historical fiction novel?
Lost book scenario: The man has a problem, whatever he dreams become reality. He comes to psychotherapist who then uses his "powers" with good intention (i.e. to "change the world for good"), but whatever he does goes in a wrong, unexpected direction...?
What are some Islam themed fiction religious novels?
What are the best fictional books for a teenager?
For a fan of the Culture series, what would your science fiction recommendation be?
What is Dan Brown currently working on?
What are good fiction books for entrepreneurs?
What are examples of internal conflict in fiction?
Does fiction mean real or fake?
Is that of the "Hero's Journey" a downward-spiraling mindset?
Who are some fictional characters who die as a result of trying to redeem themselves?
What are some really good fiction or nonfiction books?
Does making main characters of the opposite gender have a psychological meaning?
How do you write a closing paragraph to a fiction novel?
What is the metasphere in the Hyperion Cantos science fiction book series?
How can I adjust to the "frequency" of an ACT reading passage faster?
What are some good books for 40-year-olds (both fiction and nonfiction categories)?
How many fictional characters fought at Khe Sanh?
What are some good bestseller novels for me to read?
I am not a huge fan of fanfiction. What are some suggestions?
I am reading "Double Whammy" by Carl Hiassen. The protagonist is a photographer and there are some interesting details about photography. What other fiction books or series feature photographers with good details about photography?
What are some common characteristics of best selling (fiction) books?
Which is the most horrible fiction novel?
Was there a reason beyond coincidence that the books "Gates of Fire" and "300", both depicting the epic retelling of a 2000 year old battle, were written in 1998?
What are the prominent themes in contemporary Pakistani fiction?
What are some recommendations of good fiction romance books?
What is more fun, answering a fictional question or a non-fictional one?
How do I become interested in science fiction?
How much do literary fiction writers like Joyce Carol Oates and Philip Roth earn?
Can the title "A Song of Ice and Fire" be related to Eddard Stark's sword "Ice"?
What does "the clock struck 13" mean?
What untold story about being a woman in science would you like to see expressed through fiction?
Is Michael Crichton's book, "Travels", a work of fiction or autobiographical?
In the Twilight movie series, what does each eye color for the vampires represent?
What are the best books (fiction/non-fiction) I can gift my teachers on this Teachers' Day?
Why and how should I connect with other fiction writers?
What are the best communities for beginning fiction writers?
Which works of fiction provide the best exploration of the mood in post-WWII Britian?
What's an example of a flat character?
Are there Asian or other non-Eurocentric equivalents to the cosmic-horror (or Lovecraftian horror) fiction genre?
Are there any good fictional books and/or movies about American colonial rule in the Philippines?
What books in fiction come to mind where a main character is a narcissist?
What are some WW1 historical fiction books with a gay main character? [Details below]
How can we get documentaries to become as popular as fictions in terms of audience?
What was Ray Bradbury's inspiration for the mechanic hound in Farenheit 451?
How common is it for people to write fiction novels with a coauthor?
How do I come up with flexible names, that'd work well for both a weak farmer and a powerful dragon-slayer, e.g., for novels and books?
How can you tell if a piece of fiction has literary merit?
Are there any similarities between fiction and reality?
What real life companies have been based on fiction?
In what way does fiction help you more than a non-fictional read?
How is popular fiction different from literature?
How would you explain the ending of the movie "The One I Love"?
What fictional characters were inspiration for each of Bond's villains?
What is fictionalized in Straight Outta Compton?
What is the most popular fiction book?
Who are the most noteworthy prose stylists in the English language, in fiction and non-fiction?
Which are your favorite FICTION and NON-FICTION Books? Why?
What are some examples of works of fiction that depict internal bickering in the face of a greater and imminent danger?
Have there been any truly amazing Marathi books in the fiction category in the last 10 years? If no, why not?
Does Kamarottu village really exist or is it simply fictional?
Can you please give reviews about cover of my book Confused Life Of a Confused Man?
What are nonfiction books?
What are some famous fictional frogs?
What are some of the greatest overlooked and relatively unknown works of literary fiction?
What do you want to see more of in fiction/novels?
What would be some Pulitzer Prize winning fiction and non-fiction books for a young adult?
Which is the best Tamil pulp fiction book?
What are some examples in fiction of an omnipresent narrator?
Why do I prefer fictional characters over real people?
If the Terminator kicked Superman in the balls, would it hurt him?
What are the most well known conventions for science fiction?
Is erotic fiction a growing industry?
How would you describe a fictional setting?
Why don't I enjoy fiction?
Good war historical fiction?
Is Sector 16 from the Yuma Flats fact or fiction?
What makes a fiction or novel impossible to resist turning the next page?
How is external conflict created in fiction writing?
I want to watch a science fiction movie. Which one should I watch?
Would you review our 2nd short film "RaKhILL with Charles Saldanah"?
What are the self-published e-book genres (fiction and non-fiction) that sell best on the Amazon Kindle store?
Is being a reader or writer of fictional books (e.g. paranormal things) against Christian belief? Does it mean that one has sinned for believing in something not told in the Bible?
Is reading the news (from reputed sources like the WSJ or the NYT) comparable to reading literary fiction/nonfiction?
Which are some of the best fiction books?
How would you describe Moshe the Beadle in "Night" by Elie Wiesel?
How true are the practices illustrated in "Starry Nights" by Shobha De?
I am a new writer who wrote a dramatic non-fiction novel. Do I have a chance to be on the top of the Amazon bestseller list?
Why is The Refuge by Theo Magnus hard to put down?
I'm really interested in short story fiction. I want to enter some competitions. Should I focus on my writing and see whether I can condense (if necessary) my stories for the competitions? Should I write new material specifically for the competitions?
Do you have any advice for publishing a science fiction novel while one is in grad school?
How do the seven Horcruxes appear in Harry Potter?
How common is it for fiction writers to have a previous work of fiction/non-fiction that they overwhelmingly can cite from memory?
Science Fiction (genre): Is it true that this universe is multi-dimensional and all our lives are just a simulation? Or am I just crazy to be asking this?
What is the ideal word count for a young-adult fiction?
What are the best Indian books (fiction) published in this decade?
What are some examples of effective use on internal conflict in fictional characters?
Which novels (fiction or non-fiction) make us feel proud as Indians?
What is the definition of a plot in a story?
Tommy Gavin of the tv show Rescue Me was guilty of rape so why did Dennis and others of the crew tell viewers that it wasnt rape?
What elements of the James Bond series would prove that it was a pulp-fiction?
How do writers of multiple installment book series plan the plot from the start to end?
Is it worth it to spend time reading fiction books?
What are some examples of static characters?
Can a thesis be dedicated to a fictional character?
What are some fictional books that take place in Michigan?
Is the movie Unfriended real?
What are some tips for coming up with fictional royal names?
Why are we so attracted to fantasy and science fiction?
What is the name of the book where the main character uses a .357 magnum?
What is the most powerful space navy in all of fiction?
If I want to be a better fiction writer, should I start drinking?
Was James Bond fighting for protecting the whole UK or England only?
If there is a fight between Bahubali and Krish, who would win? Why?
What are good examples of a short-story that includes in-depth character backstory?
What is the difference between a static and a dynamic character in fiction?
I'm self-publishing. How do I know what's the right pricing of a fiction book?
Is the Bible a work of fiction?
Is there any detective fiction in which the criminal is tried at the end, rather than revealing themselves or confessing?
How would you explain how Charlotte's character changes from lady passenger to "Mr. Doyle"? And how would you use examples from the text to describe this change in her?
Why are there so few mixed race couples in fiction? Is it a reflection of reality?
What are good fictional books that take place in the Midwest?
Can you still make a decent living writing fiction books?
Are there any good science fiction writers in India?
How can I identify this fiction book about a magician?
How do I get my hands on the Book of Stars series (Quadehar the Sorcerer, Mystery of Lord Sha) in India?
What is the name of the children's science fiction novel about a crew of a tank in a post-apocalyptic world where there is a Federal States of Europe (FSE)?
What should we know about the trend behind books in recent years by different authors named "The Girl Who..."?
What are some of the most interesting fictional economies?
What is the future of writing fiction?
What are some good intellectual fiction books to bring on a West Coast road trip?
What are the science fiction movie names?
I really want to read some fiery revolutionary rhetoric, preferably anarchist fiction or non fiction, more focus on the language than the ideas. What are some suggestions on this?
What is a good way of coming up with names for fictional places?
Is the story of the Telugu classic movie 'Mayabazar' real or a work of fiction?
Why do people like imagining hypothetical battles between Harry Potter and other fictional characters?
Using a robot, the size of a golf ball, what would be the most effective way to kill a terrorist?
How many of my valuable readers are interested in reading a fiction book with a unique story like never before?
What sort of a storyline do you like your movies/books/TV series/any other related media to have; a realistic storyline or a supernatural one?
What is a lemon fanfic?
How do I add custom fictional fonts/characters to a Memrise course?
In fiction are there any interesting examples of an author changing from 3rd person to 1st person narration, or vice-versa?
I like reading fantasy or fiction books. What good books do you recommend?
Which is the most lethal poison in fictions and comics?
How do I understand Hemingway's works better?
Why are Chetan Bhagat's books so monotonous and not versatile? Why are they only about romantic fiction and nothing else?
What is a list of fictional sports teams from television shows and movies?
Which are some novels in literary fiction which have an undertone of poetry?
What are some of the coolest full names, fictional or real?
What are the different Star Wars Galaxy professions?
Who are your favorite characters/figures from mythology?
What is first person limited point of view?
What are some of the best thriller fiction novels?
What does Jules' monologue try to accomplish in the hamburger scene of Pulp Fiction?
What are the basics of creating a fantasy world?
What authors did the best job combining literary fiction and genre fiction?
If Vibranium really existed, where would it fit in the periodic table?
How can I distinguish low quality fiction from high quality fiction?
When is it correct to capitalize the name of a species or fictional race?
I'm going on a one-week holiday. I want to catch up with my reading. What are some really good books (fiction and nonfiction) I should read?
Do people name their children Donald and Mickey?
What should I read after The Witcher book series if I want to stay in the same kind of fiction?
Is it plagiarism if I include a popular fictional character in my story?
What is the definition of contemporary fiction?
Who are the most important Western writers of the 21st century (fiction/nonfiction)?
What are the main literary aspects that let some books (fiction) to be adapted into the televised media (as movies, TV series or documentaries) while other great books do not?
What kind of e-book genre sells the best and fastest on Amazon, in both the fiction and non-fiction category?
What are some good dark fantasy books?
Are there any fiction novels with unique formats?
What is design fiction?
What is the checklist to creating a great fictional character?
Why did Tolkien decide to end the Fellowship of the Ring where he did?
At what point does nonfiction tip over into fiction?
What is the best way to write a series of seasonal fiction novel?
What are some quotes that truly define a character's persona?
How can an author best avoid being heavy-handed or preachy in their handling of any conscious and intentional themes/morals/messages in their fiction?
Why do I read non-fiction books more slowly than fiction?
What works and/or authors would you suggest in introducing someone to transgressive fiction?
Who are the best expressive, concise and creative authors?
How are plot and theme related in literature and writing?
Has the movie Wing Commander (1999) made any significant influences on science fiction media?
How important is a high working memory for people who write timeless fictional work?
Can somebody explain Pulp Fiction to me?
Why are dynamic characters better than static ones?
If you could serve in any historical or fictional army which one would you choose?
What are the best crime fiction books to read?
What are the top 10 books (fiction/literature) recommended to read?
I am a new writer who wrote a dramatic non-fiction novel. Do I have a chance to be on the top of the Amazon bestseller list?
What is the name of the science fiction novel that involves an octopus traveling through space?
Do Americans accept Indian fiction writers easily? What are the chances of popularity of a modern horror/romantic Indian novel in the West?
What are the best Indian books (fiction) published in this decade?
Novels can be referred to as fiction, plays as drama, poems as poetry. Is there a singular noun for essays?
How did the concept of a cape on a superhero originate and become so popular?
I don't seem to believe in reading fiction, but Quora enders me to like fiction. What is a good book that can be great to start with?
What is the difference between fiction and a novel?
Is Samuel Delany the James Joyce of today? In terms of command of english language/prose/style?
Tommy Gavin of the tv show Rescue Me was guilty of rape so why did Dennis and others of the crew tell viewers that it wasnt rape?
What are some character traits for a fictional scientist that would make that person an enjoyable protagonist?
What are some true stories that make fiction look rather pretentious and boring?
Who are the worst leaders in literature?
How do writers of multiple installment book series plan the plot from the start to end?
How should one approach reading other author's work in order to learn something from them?
I am a big fan of reading and reading self-help books / theories / concepts even the newspaper, but I just can't keep my eyes hooked in a novel. Why should I read a storybook? Should I read a novel?
Why is it that all supeheroes' parents are dead?
Is it worth it to spend time reading fiction books?
Why was there a Bible verse scene in Pulp Fiction?
What was your favourite literary fiction work published in the last 10 years?
What would be the story of a fictional character who grows up to rule the world in modern times?
Is it true that watching movies negatively affects one's ability to read fiction?
What happens if a teenager studies fiction non stop?
Do older people find it harder (or easier) to feel emotionally attached to characters in fiction?
What are some things fiction often/consistently gets wrong which could fairly easily be acknowledged, deconstructed/reconstructed, or otherwise done right/better (without becoming a great diversion or a central focus of the work)?
Which are some non-fiction books that can help improve one's knowledge and thinking?
Why are we so attracted to fantasy and science fiction?
What do these sentences from The Tunnel mean?
What do you think of my method of improving non-fiction writing 1000%?
What are the basics to write a fictional story?
What is the setting of The Most Dangerous Game?
What is a great contemporary short fiction story?
Is there any proof that Necropolis exists as in Angels and Demons by Dan Brown?
Who has the easier job, the hero or the villain?
What are some of the must-read fiction books for teenagers?
What are some interesting fiction books available?
What are the subtitles of famous literary books if any?
What is trade fiction?
How do reading books affect our real lives? I have read a lot of fiction and non fiction books and I recently started reading books on psychology but I don't feel any change inside of me. Is there something wrong with me?
As an author, is erotica the most profitable type of fiction to write?
What is better, a mildly abstract or surreal novel?
How do websites that pay for flash fiction earn themselves?
Is the Nomex Survival Suit a real product, or just a fictional device?
Is the idea of conscious machines just science fiction?
What is the difference between fiction and fantasy?
What is really going on with Lady Mellario?
What are the best life-changing must read fiction books?
If there is a fight between Bahubali and Krish, who would win? Why?
What is some fiction that you like (books, shows, comics, video games, etc.) about studying at colleges?
What is Wreck-It Ralph's BMI?
How do I make sure that the fantasy fiction story that I am wondering about or going to write is a fresh idea and hasn't been written or filmed?
Is there a contact address for JK Rowling?
Who would win between Trigon vs. Dormammu? And why?
Is the Bible a work of fiction?
Where can I buy used French fiction books online?
Am I in love with these fictional characters?
Why do people form such strong bonds with fictional characters and stories?
What is "South of the Border, West of the Sun" by Haruki Murakami about?
Why do people seek logical explanations in fictitious worlds?
Which modern science fiction novels today are most like the classic science fiction of the 50s?
Why are there so few mixed race couples in fiction? Is it a reflection of reality?
What new technologies or issues that has yet to be explored in science fiction?
Is it true that nobody besides Lily, James, Sirius and Wormtail knew that the Potters decided to ask Wormtail to be the secretkeeper instead of Sirius?
In a battle between fiction and reality (movies), who might win (in terms of critical appraise and box office)?
Should I quit my routine of writing fiction daily?
Career Advice: Should I try writing fiction?
What are the different benefits of reading fiction in comparison to non-fiction?
How do I respond to someone who says fictions are time-wasting entertainment while asking me, "do you know ways I can find interpretations of life"?
Who are the top fictional detectives of all time?
How can I identify this fiction book about a magician?
What contribution does fiction make to society?
Who are the Twilight Peoples in The Colour of Magic by Terry Pratchett?
I am writing a story for a class about a woman who needs a man's sperm without him knowing. She is a criminal with no scruples. How can this be feasible?
Writing Advice: Why do some humans need to write fiction?
What are the best fictional movies from all over the world?
Is Mushishi science fiction?
What is the summary of Frank O'Connor's My Oedipus Complex?
Where can you find summaries on the story The Feather Pillow?
What are some of the most interesting fictional economies?
What's the worst book that's ever won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction?
What are some of the most interesting buildings in fiction?
I really want to read some fiery revolutionary rhetoric, preferably anarchist fiction or non fiction, more focus on the language than the ideas. What are some suggestions on this?
Which fictional books raise some interesting philosophical and existential questions without being especially demanding to read?
Is it better to read fictional books or non-fictional books? Which one do you mostly read?
What are good reasons for a fictional character to be evil?
Why do people like imagining hypothetical battles between Harry Potter and other fictional characters?
I like to read more non-fiction books than fiction books. Does it mean I lack imagination or creativity?
Why should I read science fiction?
What does it mean when you constantly dream about a fictional character?
What fiction books do not get the math quite right?
How do I add custom fictional fonts/characters to a Memrise course?
Creative Writing: How do I write a long and boring fictional story and actually complete it?
I like reading fantasy or fiction books. What good books do you recommend?
Does being Aspie make it harder to feel emotionally attached to characters in fiction?
How do I understand Hemingway's works better?
What do people from various professions think about the corresponding works of fiction relating to their profession?
Am I off to a good start with my novel?
What are the influences of 1984 (a famous fiction by George Orwell) on China?
What was the last fiction story you read (such as a book) /heard (such as an audible book) /saw (such as in a play/film) that changed, on a fundamental level, how you understand the world you live in and how did it change your understanding?
Why do we romanticize villains and monsters?
How can parents help a teenager from nonstop fiction reading and movie watching?
What are the best character questionnaires, meant to help me better understand my fictional characters?
I am a young literature PhD student. Thus, my daily routine revolves around academic writing. I would like to write fiction in my (little) free time, though. If I wrote fiction in my early mornings, I'd have no neurons left for academic writing later. How can I lead a "double writing life"?
Which are the must read books for a 23 year old Indian guy who has recently developed a passion for books?
How can realistic physics add drama to a science fiction story?
Which are some famous fictional and non-fictional novels with easy vocabulary?
Which are some of the best developed characters and settings in literature?
How does a motif support a theme?
I have read 100 books (genre fiction) this year. Where can I brag about this?
While reading translated Scandinavian novels, I have often noticed references to American movies, politics (past and present) and even the everyday way of life. Are these subjects familiar to the people of these countries to be mentioned in their fiction?
What are some of the best books written about stoics (fiction or non-fiction)?
What is first person limited point of view?
What real life person or fictional character fits the following description and portrays each trait the best?
Are there any publishing house editors (fiction) based out of Bangalore?
What is the role of a title character in fiction?
What is the most famous work of fiction ever?
Literary Analysis and Criticism: How do I become a better interpreter of literature?
Is truth stranger than fiction?
What does the ending of Strangerland (2015) mean?
Do people name their children Donald and Mickey?
Cricket (sport): How do you compare cricketers with Marvel and DC comic characters?
How many fiction books do you as a fiction writer read in a year?
Who does Dormammu torment if he destroys all humans on Marvel Earth 616?
What are some good examples of science fiction leading to actual technological developments?
What are some excellent science fiction stories?
What should I read after The Witcher book series if I want to stay in the same kind of fiction?
Why are some people getting upset that Atticus Finch, a completely fictional character in "To Kill a Mockingbird", is now a racist in the book's sequel?
Is it plagiarism if I include a popular fictional character in my story?
If fictional characters were real, who would be the most sarcastic of them?
Is there a real Batman?
Which persons, fictional or/and real, are the best examples of a mature personality?
Who is your favourite fictional scientist?
Can I read novels when in class 10?
How does one create a truly hateful villain?
Why do many theorists of conspiracy fiction fail to mention The Illuminatus Trilogy in their writings considering the fact that it is generally considered to be the definitive work of 20th century conspiracy Fiction?
Are the market wizards real or fiction?
What is the story of Da Vinci's demons?
Is it a good idea to include illustrations into a fiction book?
If you read too much fiction can you lose your grip on actual reality?
Which are the best young adult fiction books by Indian authors?
Do fiction authors ever work together in teams or groups to write a novel?
I feel like I compare myself to fictional characters too much. I find it hard to watch movies for this reason. I used to just watch and enjoy them, but now I constantly compare my life to the characters and what it would be to live theirs. How can I stop this?
What is the particular literary or historical reason why so many successful fantasy series contain exactly seven volumes (e.g. "The Dark Tower" series, the "Harry Potter" books, and "A Song of Ice and Fire")? Is this simply a coincidence?
What things should one keep in mind while writing a fiction for the first time?
Why do some people prefer fiction over non-fiction?
Which science fiction authors use Patreon to support their writing?
How does Maurice Druon's "Accursed Kings" series compare, in terms of style, flow and format, to "A Song of Ice and Fire?"
Is reading fantasy fiction a waste of time as an adult, as compared to non-fiction?
Who are the most famous literary female secret agents?
What is the best fiction book about life?
What is The City of Mirrors by Justin Cronin about?
What are some literary agents (interested in fiction writing) based out of Bangalore?
Fiction: What are some of the most extravagant theories you've heard from friends about the origin of life or the universe?
What is your review of Feluda (fictional private investigator) written by Indian Bengali film director and writer Satyajit Ray?
Why are most of the books in fiction stories set around the mid 20th century?
Is there any fiction literature that seems like combination of Dickens and cyberpunk?
Are nighttime dream make believe?
What are some potential ramifications of healing potions/magic, stimpaks, Wolverine-style regeneration, nanotech and other means of accelerated healing seen in games and other fiction?
I'm new to reading and I'm interested in real stuff rather than fiction. What are some suggestions for me?
Writers, what fictional characters from any entertainment mediums have inspired you to make similar ones?
In a duel between Hollywood's and Bollywood's fictional characters, who would win?
Which are the best historical fiction novels based on the World Wars?
What is the nature of the modern novel? What should it include? What are some bad examples, also? And what characterizations seem thoughtful? Who are the best fiction authors?
How long do you take to complete a fictional book of 300 pages?
What light novels are available in English?
Have any fiction books been written on the subject of the perfect crime?
Why is human failure in fictional characters seen as a plot hole?
How could Captain Cold only believe in shades of grey morality when some things are black and white?
What fiction writers come from the hard sciences?
Who are some of the most morally upright characters in fantasy fiction?
Name the last fiction book you've read, and the fiction book you're reading now. Why did you choose them? What did you learn from them?
In 'The Bone Clocks', which university is Hugo Lamb attending and which pub is he in when he gets into the tiff with the musicians?
I want to write better and more inspirational science fiction novels than the great Vernor Vinge. What should I do?
Is it true that the first piece of fiction that one writes is almost autobiographical?
Ghost Rider (Johnny Blaze) vs Exodus: Who wins this fight and why?
Are video game lores more detailed than works of fiction in books or movies?
What societal elements does Arthur C Clarke explore in his science fiction novels?
What fan fiction does DreamScene write?
Which are the most popular & best selling 'mythological fiction' books in India?
How long did it take to write the novel 'The Little Prince'?
Which fictional characters could successfully steal The TARDIS from The Doctor?
What are some of the best fiction books to start my journey of becoming an avid reader?
I am wanting to write a fiction novel based in Kashmir. What are some good prompts?
Can reading fiction improve critical thinking skills or make a person smarter?
Are Catholic monks permitted to pursue fiction writing, or is that an activity precluded by their vows and monastic vocation?
Is this flag offensive?
Why do women read more fiction than men?
Why isn't there any serial killer or psychological thriller fiction in the Indian market? If there is, what are they?
Marvel Comics: Who would win in a fight: Ghost Rider or Venom (Eddie Brock)? Why?
Which fictional characters are narcissistic and materialistic sociopaths?
Is it appropriate to include real living people as characters in works of fiction?
What are the best science fiction novels?
What techniques are used to not get overwhelmed with taking a plot idea and turning it into a novel?
Who are some of the smartest English fiction authors employing tricky / contrived plots?
What (fiction or non-fiction) books are written in English that look like modern spoken language (short sentences)?
Which are some of the acronyms used in the science fiction novel 'The Martian' by Andy Weir?
What are the funniest fiction and non-fiction books that you have ever read?
What are some good books (fiction) with stories including data, software and similar?
Which are the all-time top 10 best short-story collections in English?
For an aspiring fiction writer, does being extremely well-read carry with it any danger of a loss of originality?
What are some works of fiction, mainly books or films, where the characters are non-anthropomorphic and non-humans?
What is a name of a story that in the end, the reader finds out it is a lie?
Why am I always fascinated by father and son plots in drama, fiction and film?
What are the best fictional books about entrepreneurship?
What are the best fiction you have read which is at the same level of difficulty as Harry Potter?
What are some of the best online communities to get plugged into?
What other science fiction worlds are made up of three races: a high-tech race, a biologically advanced race, and humans?
What is the most over-hyped novel of the last century?
Which is more interesting: genre fiction or literary fiction?
What are the best science fiction novels in 2015?
What science fiction book or movie features a tidally locked planet or moon?
What would be a suggestion of a good quality, reasonable price, online website for a purchase of quality books, science/fiction/non-fiction?
Are there some famous retailers in fiction?
How does Forbes calculate the net worth of fictional characters and industries from fiction?
What are the best fiction books that I should read to improve my prose?
Do Max and Fang kiss in Maximum Ride?
Is it possible to put real life bands in a fictional story?
What are the best sci-fi or fantasy short stories?
Is reading fiction an effective break?
What are some good fiction novels or an interesting autobiography for a medium level reader?
What publishers are most likely to be most interested in publishing historical fiction?
What are some entities in fiction or mythology that are associated with knowledge?
Should I spend most of my time reading fiction, non-fiction, or online articles to become wiser and more knowledgeable?
What is the global opinion of afterlife?
Has anyone used the "donate" button on Tumblr blogs?
What are the sets for Legend of the Five Rings?
Acknowledging the young adult fiction trend in pop culture, are there any exceptions that act as a counterweight to all of the blatant borrowing of ideas, characters, and plots prevalent in virtually all of these stories?
Who wins the battle of Hogwarts?
Why do I hate fiction novels?
What are the books in order in the Forgotten Realms series?
What are some examples of literary fiction works which started out great and had great potential but ended poorly?
Does DBZ Crossover ever use archived fan fiction to influence the DBZ series? If so, how are fans compensated?
Which fictional character do you identify with?
What is it like being a manuscript editor for fiction?
What would a pyromaniac have to do in order take over the world or country today?
How can an author market or promote a fiction book on Quora?
What is your favorite Travis McGee quote?
Do you think this speech of an evil novel character is understandable and well written (Note: Not for sensitive readers)?
How do celebrities and politicians recover their careers after public failures that can haunt them for life? Are there any good books - fiction/ non-fiction on this subject?
Why does Thanos of Ultimate Marvel want to rule the world?
Will biotechnology create artificial mutants/monsters like in Power Rangers and other science fiction stuff in the future using genetic engineering?
What are the best books (fiction) published in this decade?
What was the experience that got you into reading?
What is science fiction?
What is the best outlet for aspiring fiction novelists to share and receive feedback on their work?
Why did early science fiction writers always choose Ganymede as the moon they tended to have settlers on?
What are some great sci-fi books that have a real basis in science?
For years we have fled our imagination on the fairy tales that gradually gave birth to stereotypes, class discrimination, and showcased damsels in distress. What is a modern day fairy tale which has characters who are like you but still have an element of miracle?
Are there disadvantages to reading only fiction or only non-fiction?
What are some fiction books where the main characters are really good at their jobs/what they do?
What are great novels with a plot of "an immensely gifted person in a school for gifted persons?"
What are the some of the best introductory paragraphs in fiction literature?
Is there a book as beautiful, emotionally stirring, and impactful as "Narcissus and Goldmund" by Herman Hesse?
Which is the most innovative idea from a fiction book that scientists have borrowed and worked on?
Which fictional character would you be from The Big Bang Theory, Elementary, The mentalist, Nikita and Suits? And why?
In what scenario would mechs be a practical/realistic alternative to modern weapons?
If you could bring to life a fictional character from a famous movie saga, who would he/she/it be?
Is the story of Chetan Bhagat fictional?
What was the reason for the battle of Hogwarts?
As an experiment, if you are sent back in time to England in the 1500s and are allowed to bring three items back with you, each weighing less than 20 kgs, what do you bring and what is your plan once you arrive?
Science: What are some strange yet interesting theories that you have heard about life?
What is the name and author of the following story?
What are some great science fiction mystery novels?
When will City of Mirror, Justin Cronin's Passage Trilogy's Book 3 be released?
Should I write what I know or try to find my voice when writing fiction?
What are some of the best non-fiction books about espionage?
What books non-fiction and fiction about underwater life would you recommend?
How do I make my little brother (15 years) read novels?
Suppose it is proven that Jesus Christ was just a fictional character or Muhammad was a not a prophet and was just another author, then would Christians and Muslims accept it sportingly or would they just try to kill the researcher?
If I want to mention NASA in a science fiction novel I'm writing, do I need to get some sort of permission from NASA or some other authority?
What is your review of Search Old Books?
Is there any possibility of a mute wizard in the Harry Potter world?
On the subject of future military conflicts between NATO and Russia going nuclear, what are some book recommendations of alternate history and counter fiction?
What are the best inspirational fiction type novels like The Alchemist?
Is it possible to predict the future of young adult fiction publishing?
Which, in your opinion, is the best cult fiction?
Which fiction books should a non-reader start with?
Why do people discuss or philosophize about fictional characters/worlds?
What are some novels of a magical post apocalyptic Earth?
What are the best psychedelic novels?
Which was the first work to feature space-travel?
What are some great examples of when it is ambiguous of who is the good guy and who is the bad guy?
What are the elements of good fiction writing?
Which two fictional characters, friends or enemies have the most epic or amazing relationship?
How do you read science fiction?
Of which writer should I read for a science fiction novel?
Are there comic books about less fanatical and more mundane things like lawyers and doctors or playing sports? If there isn't why not?
Who are some good anti-villain protagonists?
What are the most complicated fiction books you have ever read?
If you could spend the day with 1 fictional character, who would it be, and why?
Which are your all time favorite novels on fantasy and fiction?
What are some good love fiction novels?
Which is the one book mentioned in a book that you wish was real?
How does one differentiate high fantasy?
What should I know about Armistead Maupin?
Writers, have you ever thought of having a series with a monster helping the City story in Detroit?
Which books, fiction and non-fiction, give the reader a new perspective after reading them?
Is this a sign of a remarkable inspirational fictional character?
Why do humans enjoy reading and watching fiction?
Which is the best fiction book by an IIT alumnus?
Pulp Fiction and Natural Born Killers were released the same year, is that a coincidence?
What are you expecting from the movie Jurassic World?
Do you think the Weasley children blame Harry when Arthur is attacked in The Order of the Phoenix?
What would happen if all the armies of the world, muggles of course, decided to attack Hogwarts? Assuming, they had access to Hogwarts.
What is the copyright law in the United States about writing a book that tells the story of a published novel from a different character's perspective?
Can my fiction story take place in a location that is based/inspired on an actual building project that has yet to be created?
What are some amazing books which inspire (non fiction)?
What are some of the best fictional history dramas?
Which (fiction) books do you recommend I read while travelling to/in China, Mongolia and Russia?
Do people often like the villains in fictional works, such as HYDRA in Captain America: Winter Soldier for their ideology?
Are there any famous fictional stories where cyanide is used?
What is the difference between science fiction and the magic thing of a fairy-tale?
What are some general rules for creating fictional characters that people can identify themselves with?
Are there any real cases of runaway bride/grooms or it just happens in fiction?
What is the term used to describe the emulation of fictional characters by real people?
Is there a scientist who is also a science fiction author?
Which is the most read fictional book in human history?
Is it possible to exactly model a fictional character?
Who is the Three-eyed Crow? (Crow is the name in the books)
I'd like to read some fantasy fiction featuring Lucifer/Satan as the main sympathetic figure. Can I get some suggestions?
Can a pure introvert be a fiction writer?
Why did the family in the famous Chinese literature book 红楼梦 "Dream of Red Chamber" who started off so rich become so poor in the end? What did they do wrong and what lessons can readers draw from their downfall?
What are some suspense short stories with humorous endings?
How do I come up with good names for fantasy locations?
What are the rules when writing fiction about the Chinese Dynasties?
Is there any possibility that monarchy will be destroyed in Westeros by the end of A Song of Ice and Fire?
Did Christopher Pawling regard popular fiction as a vehicle for social change?
Using only code, how can you tell if a string of text (a sentence) is a fact, an opinion, or a fictional statement?
Is the Shiva trilogy the best fiction writing from India or is there any other?
Why doesn't the internet have more prominent fictional content?
What fictional alien species would you want to see visiting the earth?
Is there anything special about fictional characters (intellectual property-wise)?
Which fiction books should every twenty-something woman read?
If you could see 24 hours into the future, what would you do with this ability?
Which are some of the best nonfiction books of 2015?
What are some of the best post-singularity fiction novels?
What is the best story about science fiction?
What've been the coolest ideas you've come across in science fiction?
What are some major fan fiction/general fiction publishing sites I could post my fan fiction on?
If you got into a fight with your clone, what would be your game plan?
I don't enjoy reading fiction, however, I enjoy reading non-fictional. Is it still possible to increase the vocabulary through non-fictional literature?
How does The Man in The High Castle (TV show) differ from the book?
What are some fictional INTP-INFJ couples?
Can a beast be turned to a good human being through or this is just confined to fictions only?
Each time I try to write a serial killer murder mystery story I end up making the crime so perfect that the detective in the story can't solve it because there are no clues. What should I do?
Are there any Tolkien books set in the fourth age or later (after LOTR)?
Is the 'Blue Planet Project' book reality or just fiction?
Why does the media often portray aliens as either being very advanced or very primitive, and seldom somewhere in between?
What are some of the best fictional books based on Ancient Greece?
What is the name of this horror fiction book?
Books: Which fiction characters from a variety of novels (crime, romance, etc.) are truly influential by their qualities?
For those read Stephen King's books, which novel in your opinion had the best ending?
What is a recommendation for a novel (accessible in English) that addresses the cultural, racial or socioeconomic hybridity of Brazil?
Foreshadowing is when an author leaves a character in a dangerous or perilous situation, causing the reader to be on the edge of her seat in suspense. True or False?
I keep wanting to write fiction, and I have ideas for stories. However, I rarely read fiction. Will this be a problem when writing?
Can I mention a celebrity, a particular place or a university in a fiction work?
I'm a non-native user of English and I'm going to sit for the GMAT. To do well in the verbal section, I need to read some quality books including fiction and non-fiction to get familiarised with standard English. What are the fiction/nonfiction books that will help me?
Are there plausible good outcomes in fictional stories?
Could someone recommend few interesting fiction and non-fiction novels that stretch one's mind?
Are any of the Marvel characters who are in the Battle World self aware of the destruction of their universe?
Can you name some people in history or fiction that were "hated because of great qualities"?
What benefit will I obtain from reading 100 books?
What are fictional human Ghosts that resemble living humans and can imitate humans?
What if all the religious texts we follow were originally written as fiction?
What are some recommendations on a work of fiction where good doesn't triumph over evil?
What are some good military science fiction/fantasy novels?
What things should be taken into consideration when creating a believable, yet fictional alien race?
What are the mystery novels that you have read?
What stories are similar to ''The Monsters Are Due On Maple Street''?
What is the place of Robert Waller in romantic fiction?
What is a good fiction novel with a lot of fencing?
Do you know of any essays / stories that are about a character *not* experiencing an emotion when s/he knows or thinks s/he should?
Does ASOIAF make any specific points about religion?
I am 23 and I have a scientific degree. Am I too old to be a fiction writer?
In fiction writing, how important are workshops compared to writing and asking opinions from the right people?
Which fictional character is the most relatable?
Which civilization would be better fit to take on the White Walker threat from ASOIaF/GoT: Westeros and Essos or Harry Potter's global Wizarding civilization?
Is Sidney Sheldon's Tides of Memory by Tilly Bagshawe a sequel of any other book of Sidney Sheldon?
Fictional Characters: What are heroes that are jerks and why?
Self-Improvement: Does reading more, even fiction, make you smarter?
Are there any examples in science fiction movies/books of Germanium-based life forms?
I'm traveling to Israel this summer. Can you recommend one or two engaging books (fiction or non) that will familiarize me with the history and landscape?
Which movie / TV Show depicting the future do you think is the most plausible?
Which fantasy books contain the fictional world's history, races, tongues, geography developed deep like the Tolkien's Middle Earth or Paolini's Alagaësia?
What are some good literary, fiction books published recently that have some depth but are not boring?
What are the ten science fiction books that have meant the most to you?
Why are most DC Comic characters powers based on magic and fantasy while Marvel characters powers are more like science fiction stories?
Who are other fictional characters that have similar classic style, elegance, sophistication and intellect of Hannibal Lecter?
Is Frankenstein the earliest depiction of AI?
Is it true that money is a hoax and debt a fiction?
What would a laser sniper be like?
Are there any authors who write fiction like Dan Brown, who write on codes, puzzles, etc.?
What book (fiction or nonfiction) best describes the Democratic Party's philosophy?
Are there any fiction books based on the biographies of Ethel and Julius Rosenberg?
What are some of the best fiction novels from Japanese literature?
What are the top 5 thriller, philosophic, romantic, self-improving, classic, fantastic, and literary fiction books?
As of 2015, is vampire fiction selling less well than it did five years ago?
What book first made you want to write?
What are the best selling popular novels?
What are some books about child/teen (under 17 years old) warriors?
What's the earliest literature/movie/comic (or likely others) adoption of the concept of humans that fall in love with machine/AI?
Who is your ancestral equivalent of Kunta Kinte, and how far removed are you?
To what extent can I use names or depictions of famous people, places or corporations in my own works of fiction?
Would the following kind of fiction find readers?
What is a good novel to start with if I like books like Percy Jackson and supernatural stuff?
How does Ignazio Busoni die?
What is the best non slash multiple chapter plot-wise Harry Potter fan fiction you've read?
What are the sources of ideas for writing a fiction book?
“A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies. The man who never reads lives only once." What are the lessons you've learned when you stepped into the shoes of a character in a book (fictional or non-fictional)?
How did H.G. Wells predict so many scientific events that were unknown in his days, in his novel 'The Time Machine'?
What is the name of a good literrary agent that can represent my lesbian fiction novels?
If you had to pick 2 fictional characters to fight each other at the MGM Grand, who would they be?
Who are some of the best fiction writers of the twentieth century?
Who wrote the science fiction story about a boy who controlled a small planet?
Have you ever considered writing fiction?
What is a science fiction story you can write in 3 lines?
Which are some names of fictional countries?
What are some fiction books to read during depression?
In a story: Is it plausible for two teenage girls to fight over a hot pot of food and accidentally throw it in someone's face?
What are some of the best romantic thriller novels?
Which is the best Michael Connelly book?
How will a fight be between two humans who can read each other's minds?
What is the best fictional book or graphic novel about the afterlife?
Are there any fictional female character equivalents to the following fictional male characters?
What are examples of modern Western utopian novels?
What is your alternate reality story of Batman?
Can any science fiction movies or books ever exist in this world?
I love reading non-fiction books more than fiction. Why is that?
What are the best Hindu mythology-based fiction books?
What is the use of fanfiction? Why do people read it and why do people keep contributing to it?
If you are given a choice to wear a custom design T-shirt, what will be the design and why?
Why is the book "Do Androids Dream Of Electric Sheep?" by Philip K. Dick so disappointing for the science fiction lover?
Why does the 2015 "Jem and the Holograms" movie remove the science fiction elements of the original 1980s cartoon?
What can be the best supernatural novel?
Did Lars Eighner really lived on dumpster diving?
Can someone have a technical career and be a creative fiction writers, are the two compatible?
How do you feel about reading fiction and non-fiction written in the present tense?
What are some good nonfiction audiobooks?
Are there such things as bad characters in the fiction genre including in comic books?
Which science fiction periodicals most readily accept short stories written by new writers?
Is Harry potter, The Greatest Fiction of all time? I personally have read all 7 books Multiple times
If I enjoy JRR Tolkien, Anne McCaffrey, Andre Norton, and Elizabeth Moon, but not so much a fan of Game of Thrones, what are some other good fantasy series/authors?
How can I make my fan fiction more interesting/popular?
Is the nine an unknown reality or a fictional society?
What makes a fiction novel "good"?
What fictional heroes are undeniably genuine jerks?
What are some books or cyber resources for English words used in literature?
What are some of the best fictional novels to be re-read and still not get bored?
When is a cup full and half empty? Is this theoretically proven or just fiction?
What are the TL;DR versions of famous/popular fiction works?
Why hasn't there been any internationally acclaimed Indian science fiction authors, although the country has a formidable scientific community?
What is your favorite fictional detective?
Which are the alternatives for publishing a fiction novel?
What popular superhero universe would you rather live in and why?
Why do so many people seem to need fictional narratives to have positive moral messages or implications?
How strong is Sophia Stewart's claim that The Terminator and The Matrix were ripped off, by her screenplay "The Third Eye"?
Are there other fiction books like the Percy Jackson series books (where Greek or Egyptian gods are considered real and take place in the modern world)?
What are some of your favorite fan fictions?
Why is Quora flooded with questions about 1/2/3 liner saddest/happiest/boys stories?
What are the best romantic suspense novels of 2015?
Which fictional movie character have you remembered the most vividly?
Is there any mythological/supernatural item that can change forms depending on the user's will?
Would it be worthwhile to research the motivations that lead fan fiction writers to write?
I am working on the draft of my first book (fiction) and I have referenced several real companies so far. One character works for Reuters and I reference Google regularly among others. Are there ramifications to using real companies in fiction?
Why in almost every movie that includes time travelling, the travelers are usually waiting in the middle of a machine that stands still and sends them lightening or shock waves, instead of travelling in very fast moving objects?
I'm mainly interested in reading fiction & biographies about medical conditions. What are good books from different genres to start with in order to widen that scope?
When writing a fiction novel, what is the proper place to put the phrase "One week later..." when it happens between chapters?
What are some best novels that one should not miss to read?
How are the Marvel and DC Universes related?
What happens in "Real Fiction"?
If you could create a fictional character, right here, who would it be?
How often do best seller writers use the dictionary?
When I write stories, I have a nagging feeling that I don't "get" people well enough to write a believable character who isn't a clone of me. Is there something I can/should do about this?
What are the best fiction books for phrasal verbs and idioms suitable for ESL learners? (upper intermediate)
How many novels should have been read by a CAT '15 aspirant by now?
What literary genres are underserved?
What would be the name of autobiographies if written by fictional characters?
Who is the youngest, most recognised writer (fiction)?
I am thinking of taking classes on fictional and nonfictional writing. What are the things I should concentrate on teaching the students of 10-16 years?
What's a novel?
