Why is Yahoo’s financial data download not working?
Which European countries impose financial transaction tax on stocks?
What are the main reasons for defaulting on loans?
What are capital management services?
How does global elections and their results affects Foreign Exchange Reserves?
How do I become a great finance manager?
Is funding from the World Bank considered foreign capital?
What is the general risk allocation in a portfolio?
Can the balance of an asset on a standalone basis be more than the balance on a consolidated basis?
Why is depreciation a credit item in a trial balance?
Is Spark reliable/safe for pipelining financial transactions?
How much does ETMoney take for providing the platform for investing in mutual funds?
Is there any bank that offers a non-secured loan for higher studies?
Is a look at the P/E ratio of a company enough for a beginner to buy a share, or does it throw a light on the decision to buy?
Can great wealth be made from business alone or is investment required?
How does one find a mentor in value investing?
Why do companies pay dividends?
What do you think of Ally Invest’s managed portfolios (formerly TradeKing), for a beginner investor?
Where do mutual funds recruit in India?
Are compound interests still a viable option given that the current interest rates are as low as 0.5% on an 18-month restricted deposit?
Who do you recommend for working capital loans?
What Vskills certification is the best in terms of pursuing an MBA in Finance?
In the United Kingdom, are banks mandated to hire external counsel on loan transaction/deals?
What should I do to get an accounting or finance related job in the Indian Defense Services? I have PG, CS and CA degrees in hand.
How can I get investments in my business through private equity investors in India?
What are the rules of option trading?
Why is the Glenmark share price falling so rapildy?
If the earnings call is tomorrow, what are the indicators today that a stock may go up or down?
Who is looking for a social platform to generate monthly cash flow?
Is this data science major good to go for? If so, should I major in it with finance or accounting?
Who are the members of finance commission?
Which financial instrument (including derivatives) has the highest trading volume in the US markets?
Is the value of the MBS and CDO markets limited to the amount in loans that exist? Credit Default Swaps don't have this limit do they?
What is the best way to double my money quickly?
How much can I invest in a fund house in a year?
How scalp trading is done? And what indicators are being used for the same?
What is meant by a fixed charges coverage ratio?
Why is the silver market so volatile as compared to the gold market?
How are job prospects different in finance vs accounting?
Which mutual fund is best for higher returns with a higher risk in the next two to three years?
Which bank has lowest interest rate for education loan & what are requirements for taking loan up to Rs 30 lakhs?
Is it advisable to sell property worth 1.5 crore and invest the capital in a mutual fund?
What metrics are used to determine if a government is allocating capital effectively?
Does inflation increase the value of money?
What ICT skill would be valuable next to a finance study?
Where can I practice Financial statements online from scratch?
Do mutual fund companies in India have their own fund managers? And if they do it through third party agents, is it safe?
How much of mathematics do I need to know to perform well in M.Sc Finance?
Was there a global conspiracy behind the 2007-2008 stock market crash?
How can I choose between accounting and finance and economics and finance?
Which is better, loaning against a fixed deposit or paying the full amount without a loan?
Can we use information that is available from the stock exchanges for a YouTube channel that imparts knowledge about finance or is getting their prior approval required?
How feasible is it to go from an investment analyst intern to work in Amazon's finance department?
What factors influence the political equilibrium?
Trading - What is pair trade in stock market?
What does the company you work for do in financial markets?
Which debt to equity ratio should I use for a weighted average cost of capital in this case?
Can I use Go Fund Me to raise money to buy traffic to my website?
What does the average day for a trader look like?
For a layman, how do I find out when is the fiscal year and quarters of a listed company?
I completed my MBA in finance and I had an interest in an SAP course. Which one is better?
If the average global annual inflation rate is 2.78%, and stocks increase by 5.3% globally annually, where does the other 2.52% come from?
How does a profit-sharing loan work?
What would be a good theme for an MSc thesis in equity evaluation methods: accounting versus finance analysts?
Why do private equity firms hire strategy consulting firms?
Is Finozen trustworthy like Funds India and Scripbox?
Which major should I choose in order to excel financially in the future, supply chain management or finance? I need advice.
What are your thoughts on the Trump Comey scandal?
What is the formula for rate of return?
How to calculate the expected Return of the market?
Does industry prefer articleships in statutory audit or risk advisory?
How can I achieve the level of an average PhD in economics or finance?
Last year, Third Point (hedge fund) made a big deal about hiring a data chief (Matt Ober). What do people in the quant industry think of this guy?
Who should be considered primarily responsible for financial bubbles, lenders or debtors?
An upcoming insurance company has vacancy in underwriting, claim, sales, finance and IT department. How can I choose one department?
What should I do to grow to higher positions and achieve big in my profession as a finance analyst?
What is the average commission rate for financial planners?
Which bank in Seattle has the best interest rates/per annum?
Who insures the loans given by banks?
What's it like to go out at night as a banker?
As of 22/5/2017, why has Bitcoin surged to an all-time high despite the recent WannaCry ransomware cyber attacks?
Who manages the finance management of the IPL?
What were the UN financial crises?
Is there a good resource to calculate total return of a mutual fund over a particular timeframe?
Are there any good “small investment but high profits” projects?
How can I come out from financial depression?
How do we measure international liquidity?
How can I earn 1 million dollars in 7 years with my current position?
What is contract finance?
How much interest do you have in Microsoftoffice2016?
What is a good way to invest €50,000, besides real estate, funds, shares, and bonds, with an investment horizon of 10-20 years and a moderate risk tolerance?
How do I sell internationally without losing money on currencies exchange rates?
In the Indian market, which is the best mutual fund for a tax saver to invest in, during F.Y. 2017-18?
Which is the best mutual fund that gives a maximum return in India?
Do negative interest rates tell us there's something seriously wrong?
What skills does Gordon Miller believe is required for a successful career in finance?
Can a person with a small amount of capital, e.g. $100, earn money through day trading?
Why do we need people with the CFA with robot advisors taking over our finances?
How do new startups get financed?
What is the main difference between capital reserve and reserve capital?
What sources did Ali Alshamsi use to learn about financial markets?
What is the main purpose of financial forecasting?
Why do companies provide IPO?
Can a chairman of a company use that company's asset/money for his personal sake?
What are some cheapest educational institutions in Australia for a postgraduate diploma in finance?
What do you think about the future of the asset management business? The evolution of AI is very high. How will asset management companies be changed?
What is the best paying entry-level job for a finance student? Excluding rare jobs that only 1 in a million people get.
By the age of 25, are CA CFA FRM good enough qualifications?
When a bank has a fixed charge on an asset and another has both a floating and fixed charge over the asset of a company, what happens during liquidation?
How do you calculate the level of finance needed for a business?
If we know a new financial crisis is coming, what should we do as a trader?
What are the current PhD research topics in Stochastic Process applied in finance?
How do I analyze a mutual fund before investing?
I want to sell my current house to buy a bigger one. Should all the money go into the down payment?
What is the difference between a private equity fund and an equity fund and which one is better for the long term?
What are some good low cost/fee, mid-cap index funds?
Which cryptocurrency has the fastest rising interest rates?
How much does JP Morgan pay at IIM Calcutta for finance, and how much money will one clear after cutting all the bonuses?
What is the risk of foreign exchange?
What are the benefits of majoring in Finance in your bachelor's degree?
What can I do to boost my employability?
How does an SIP in mutual funds across five separate equities work? How would I start?
When a company has a successful past and bright future, do we need to look at the price of its share while investing through SIP?
What is the entry test pattern for a BS in accounting and finance in IBA Karachi?
What are some finance uses of logic programming?
What are structured products and derivatives?
How is UTD for an MS in finance?
What is the difference between Depository Receipts and P-notes?
I recently received a master’s in IB and economics. I am in my 30′s, with a history in customer service and finance, but hardly any hard skills. What are some tips or suggestions?
What are additional documents can one get about a public company other than 10-k report?
Do you have a copy of an investment fund presentation I can review from Renaissance Technologies, DRW, or Jump?
Why do futures markets exist?
Would you leave your specialist role in finance and take a strategy role at a startup with no equity for half the pay?
What kind of jobs can I get if I do an MSc in Biotechnology followed by an MBA in Finance or Economics?
What are some best mutual funds and explain me why?
Has the issuance of the Singapore Savings Bonds by the government forced banks in Singapore to offer higher interest rates for term deposits?
If fix 1500000 with an interest rate ofof 10 percent for 6 months what will be total value after 6months?
What are the common errors committed while trading?
After dismissal from a bank, can I get a job based on banking experience without an experience certificate?
How does rainfall pattern affect the stock market in India?
Which is a better college/university to pursue BBA in Finance?
What is the 50-year average return of the stock market globally (country-wise)?
Is Financial Modelling from EduPristine worth it or not?
What are the most stable/safe high-leverage investments?
What is your process for analyzing a company?
Which regulated exchanges do I have access to, as an EU citizen living in Mexico, for Bitcoin (BTC), Ripple (XRP) or Ethereum (ETH)?
Which firm in Mumbai can help with bank negotiations for my business loan and debt restructuring?
Will Samsung Financing do a hard credit check? Will it appear on my credit report?
Who did the US borrow money from to fund the revolution?
How much money is invested in mutual funds in India?
Having been a coder and a CS student, I want to study facets of business and work in an intersection of the two fields. What are my options?
Can a MA in International Political Economy (in Warwick for example) lead to a career in finance?
What are the best academic books on finance?
Why would anyone buy public debt issues with negative interest? Why pay to lend our money?
I am from engineering background. Can I make my career in finance?
What is the difference between an option and a rights issue?
Which tools are the best to manage my businesses cash flow?
Why does the market still use credit ratings when there is credit default swaps to indicate credit risk?
What is the best financial advice someone has ever given you?
Is mutual fund high risk?
If no dividends are declared by a mutual fund scheme, will the NAV of the growth option and dividend option be the same?
Could I verify/trace my mutual fund investments with a PAN number since I have not maintained any record of my investments?
What are the currently best performing Mutual Fund to invest in India?
What will I get if I invest $1000 in 20 years with 4% interest rate?
A bank will lend 80% of the $10M required to purchase a business. Aside from my talent to run it, what should I offer an investor if they put up the other $2M?
What are the job prospects after getting an MBA in finance?
Has anyone invested in DHFL Swayamsidha deposit for women?
Is buying a 1995 Mercedes a good investment? (Typical cost is $4000)
Do you discuss audit reports with the CEO?
Is it good to have a fixed price with 5-10% margin or let the customers bargain by telling them a rate 40-50% more?
Is it wise to invest in fixed deposits?
What is a free finance API that replaces the old Yahoo API for things like PEG ratio, EPS, etc. for Google spreadsheets?
What is the difference between gross and net?
How can you calculate change in net working capital?
What is drawdown within the context of a loan?
How does stock exchange calculate share rates?
How do I start investing in mutual funds using the SBI MF website?
What is mutual fund in India? Is it beneficial?
What is meant by investing in stock market or mutual funds? Can anyone explain this in detail?
Is there a financial relationship between the CA board of medicine and the PACE Program at UCSD?
What books must be read for improving financial literacy?
How should I prepare my CV if I wish to apply for a top financial company like Goldman Sachs or Morgan Stanley after my B.Tech from an IIT?
What are the best Finance and stock books for a 17y old?
What is the difference between a finance bill and money bill?
Is this the right time to invest in Indian markets? If yes, what are the best stocks to invest in for the short term and and also for mutual funds?
Is it possible to learn finance by oneself by reading books, than going to a B-School?
How do you control credit risk?
Which is the future, quant finance/risk management or data science?
How do I start a hedge fund with 15 lakhs, by trading for other people in their name?
Which is the best way to become a finance manager- by doing an MBA, by completing CA, or by any other method? Which would be the most helpful in the future?
I want to start stock market trading. I know theoretical concepts. How should I start?
Why aren't Treasuries callable like most corporate bonds?
What's the possibility of succeeding in business when borrowing from financial institutions?
What's the best risk control system for hedge funds?
Which CLG is the best for an MBA in finance outside of India?
What are the best books for learning about finance?
Which firms do you recommend to manage one's portfolio? Is it advisable to invest with them?
How did Drexel Burnham get to dominate high-yield bonds in Wall Street in the 1980s given that it was not a big player then?
Is it possible for a small entrepreuner to impact the market? All of the problems left seem to require advanced IT or finance degrees.
How do investment banks realize/monetize their profits in IPOs?
Which financial institution would give the maximum interest payoff in a year, if I deposit a sum of one crore rupees?
How do I grow my $4000 for short term growth?
Which should I do first, CFP (certified financial planner) or FRM (financial risk manager)?
What are the best finance job portal abroad from India?
What are the scopes for B.Com. in finance?
How can I organize my checking account like my computer files?
What models are used to forecast operational risk in a bank?
Can I work in finance with a master’s degree in mathematical economics and econometrics? What areas can I work in?
I have $1,000,000 currently. I'm 18 yrs old. How should I invest this 1M to become a billionaire?
How many multiples of salary can I get for a personal loan?
What is arranging finance for a transaction?
Do the banks get interest for CRR or SLR from the RBI?
What are the countries where a Financial Risk Manger (FRM) can get jobs?
What will happen if I got rid of my comprehensive and collision? What will my car financing institution do?
Which is the best colleges in India for MBA in banking and finance?
How does the income statement get built?
How can I invest in corporate FDs?
How do I issue a corporate guarantee?
How have changes in the economy affected financial planning activities?
Why in the world would an average investor with at least one million want to invest in a hedge fund with the high fees and sub-standard returns?
Is an Indian resident residing in India required to file returns in the USA on the capital gains and dividend income earned from US stocks even if it is below the threshold limits of taxation?
How can I get an Finance internship at Amazon Hyderabad?
What are the low investment high efficient projects?
Has anyone worked with ProBizAdvisor finance firm that deals with debt restructuring, CFO services, funding, and a lot more for SMEs?
Fed up working in SBI as an Associate, should I switch to some private sector job (MBA-finance) or wait for my promotion as an Assistant Manager?
Why do people hold treasury bill with negative interest rate?
If I were to buy an index fund (Nifty 50) at 9,400 today and sell it at 1,400 after 5 years, what would the broker charges, taxes and other charges be?
What is a good mutual fund in India to start SIP?
How can I get investments from private equity investors for my company in India?
What is the most preferred finance qualification?
What is a financial API used for?
What is the process of "trade finance" comparing conventional banking and Islamic banking?
What are the ways to tackle non performing assets?
How well is machine learning suited to deal with behavioral biases in finance?
How did customers from developing countries pay for goods and services to suppliers from other countries?
What qualities do a good financial adviser have?
What are the opportunities in banking and finance?
How do hedge funds who have heavily invested into China get money back out of China considering the new capital outflow restrictions in China?
How did London become Europe's financial hub despite the world's highest stamp fee of 0.5% for the London Stock Exchange?
Which 10 nations have the most gold assets as their national financial reserve at this moment?
What is the asset market approach (regarding exchange rates)?
What are the countries where a Certified Financial Planner (CFPcm) can get a job?
What should I do if I know for sure that there's gonna be a huge stock exchange crash?
What are the best books on personal finance budgeting?
What services does Fintech offer?
What is an online book for complete information about mutual funds?
How might one get into finance, and is it a profitable career choice?
Why do banks invest in treasury bonds?
What can one do, along with an MBA in finance, to get the best placement in India (like any certification that allows some practical exposure)?
Is the capital mobility a positive or negative thing? Which aspects and references exemplify this?
What European banks did the U.S. borrow money from for the Louisiana Purchase?
What is the scope of an MBA in finance for an electrical engineer if he is working in the power sector?
How do I use stock exchange game?
How are mortgage backed securities, collateralized debt obligations and credit default swaps traded?
How can you tell the difference between “Good “ Investments and “Bad” investments?
Why is Divi’s Laboratories stock tanking? Based on a DCF model, it’s worth more than the current price (~570 rupees), so is there any rationale behind the drop?
What is meant by securities premium reserve/account in a balance sheet? How important is it, and what can we analyze with this in a balance sheet?
If a financial derivative is not path-dependent in regards to its payoff, then can it always be priced using the implied volatility surface?
My family was duped into a bad deal & resulted in a deep debt hole. We have no savings, bad reputation & bad business times. What can we do?
I'm planning on majoring in finance, someone provide me with a decent sized list of books that I should read?
What is simple finance in SAP?
Why does a mutual fund earn decreasing amounts of interest as years increase?
Should my son take a joint major in economics and mathematics at UCSD or accounting and finance at Warwick?
What are the short stories about The Beautiful Lie?
What is the function of the Bank of India which is a nationalized bank?
How does ISB fare in the fields of operations and finance management?
Is B.Com accounting and finance useful for a CA?
Why is my appraisal fee for a home loan so high, at 1097$, from Bank of America?
How do you distinguish whether your results in the stock market are based on luck or skill?
What was it like to be an young investment banker selling derivatives back in the day? Do you still have all the millions you earned?
Will a finance degree soon be worthless?
How can a bank engage people to invest more of their surplus cash to mutual funds and shares than normal savings accounts?
What are the ways of minimizing risk and maximizing profit while investing in the stock market?
How do you calculate daily amortization on a loan with variable daily payments?
What's the point of comparing the BVPS to the share price?
What's the new industry that is the most worthy of investment this year?
Which companies are hiring for accounting/finance departments in India?
How should I start a compounding interest fund right now?
What is a better subject, accounting or finance?
How does the put-call parity work with zero strike calls?
Which short term mutual funds are good?
What is the best way to access the finance job market in Germany for foreigners?
Why did investment banks crash in 2008 even with their high-tech computer analysis?
Is it worth getting a personal loan to invest in Ethereum?
Can I do CFA level 2 during June if I have just finished my degree in May and am awaiting my results?
What are the various distance learning courses available for a Finance professional in India?
If FP&A jobs will be commoditized by ML and low wage developing countries, what parellel should I move into that will leverage my MBA and MS-Finance?
How do I decide what is the right time & what type of mutual funds to invest in?
What is the logic behind making so much money and giving it away, like Warren Buffett has done?
If everyone keeps saying that buying an option is a losing trade, who keeps buying options?
Did anyone predict the Icelandic banking crisis?
How does selling bonds to private sector financial institutions increase money supply?
How do you know if your investment is fairly valued?
Will the US declare war on Bitcoin anytime? Why not?
Which stocks should I start investing?
What does the financial system consist of?
Where can I find the total assets of Korean banks? The Korean central bank's website lacks the info and is quite outdated.
What banks or funds or similar companies hire experienced finance quants over 50?
How do I manage all these: creating value for others, helping them, time spent, and money to be invested?
Flip or Coursera? Which is bettter for a certification course in banking for an MBA finance student?
Does it make sense to invest in a mid-cap fund over the long term?
Is it hard to get a finance job in Chicago as an international student?
What does an MBA in finance and operations deal with?
How does one learn to understand Bloomberg's articles?
What is the best time to redeem mutual fund?
Why do people still invest in or work for Goldman Sachs when everybody knows that they are evil?
What technical skill set is required for an MBA finance graduate?
How does Pramod Kumar find stocks for options trading?
Given the market run up, is it a more prudent option to invest in the dividend option of an existing mutual fund?
Is equity investment a gamble?
What's the role of trader now in China?
How good are Khanacademy's finance and capital market courses?
What business can be done today in India with finances of, say, 2 crore?
Do professional investors really believe in risk-return trade-off? (i.e. one requires higher expected return if standard deviation is higher)
What is the typical career path for an operating partner in private equity?
How can I pick a good financial planner? I'm looking for someone to help me structure my finances for a long term strategy and not sell products etc.
Can I do a master’s in finance after a B.Tech?
Is there any API which gives details about mutual fund portfolios?
Is this the right time (May 2017) to invest in mutual funds, as the market is at an all-time high?
Which mutual fund or stock can give me highest ever returns in 5 years?
Is it possible that Target had 25 billion in sales in 1996?
Is it normal in the business world to get fired the way Trump fired FBI Director Comey for doing his job?
Which university is best for business and finance, HKUST, CUHK, or CityU?
What kind of financial math should a shareholder know?
What is the simplest way to start investing with high yield returns for a newbie?
What was the reaction of people all over the globe after the great Wall Street crash of 1929?
What is the range for investment bankers? Could they become financial innovators who open new departments within the firm they work in?
Which are the stocks that frequently rise?
If a stock can be hedged by long/short futures then why do hedge fund manager use delta hedging?
As an owner of a company, what should I look for in my company's statement of financial position and income statement?
Do mortgage-backed securities have tranches? How are CDOs related to mortgage-backed securities?
Why do only 1% of Indians invest in the financial markets?
Are children​ assets or liabilities​, in terms of life, reality, finance, and the future​?
Is it good to change an existing SBI home loan interest at the base rate of 9.25% to an MCLR interest rate of 8.80% with Rs. 7,500 conversion charges?
How can I achieve financial security at age 40? I'm an intelligent woman. Single mom, worked and raised 2 boys. Yet still have nothing financially.
What are the main reasons that prevents Indians to invest in mutual funds?
How do you take into account currency volatility in your ARR calculations if selling abroad?
Why do investment banks always get fined? Are they fined too much or too little?
At what price is it wise to get onboard the ethereum train? Given I will invest to hold for 5 years at least.
What are the criteria to arrive at the judgment that the investment in a particular stock is really a value investment? What is the rule?
How can I put my money on an index fund?
Which banks are providing education loans without any surety in India?
What is the scope of taking Finance as an elective in Shailesh J Mehta?
What should I know before investing in an IPO in the Indian market, being a trader who is looking for a short term entry for immediate profits?
What are the differences between appreciation and depreciation of rupee?
Why did SEBI make it mandatory for companies to dilute at least 25% of the total ownership?
Where can I find free downloadable historical prices of FTSE 100 and FTSE MIB indexes?
What are your options for financing even though a property may be a short sale or forcloesure and requesting cash only?
Does betfair exchange offers financial bets like FTSE or Dow Jones to back and lay?
What does an advisory firm do?
How much accounting do you need to know in order to be a Quantitative/Mathematical Finance major? What is the math that is required for this?
What is the best shariah compliant mutual fund in Pakistan to invest in?
If I transfer funds into a brokerage account and those funds remain unsettled, can I immediately use those funds to place a trade?
Where do I find the best research papers on financial markets?
What is meant by financial widening?
What are financial workouts and how can we buy such security today?
What is the oldest bond mutual fund?
As an IPCC student with keen interest in finance, what is the ed-ex or cousera, else any other online courses best suited for me?
What are capital structure weights?
Can a skilled trade business owner like a plumber take home 3 million dollars a year in California?
Does someone need to lose money for you to gain in stocks or everyone can gain together too?
Where can I find a list of current S&P 500 companies that are ranked by market cap?
Would it be a perfect hedge if I had a cash index portfolio with a beta of 1.0, and also shorted the SP500 futures with the same nominal value?
Can a stock trader receive a percentage of what they trade?
Can a Tally course prove useful for me if I want to pursue a career in finance?
Which are some good financial advisory firms in Mumbai for strategic funding?
What is the usefulness of a Leased Letter of Credit, bank guarantee, etc.? Can these leased assets be monetized for the purpose of raising funds?
Do originating banks provide individual debtor credit prospectuses for investors to perform due diligence prior to purchasing asset backed securities?
What is IRR’s interest on a two-wheeler loan?
Are there any financial betting exchanges like Flexihedge?
What is the salary of an MBA graduate with 4 years of experience in the finance domain, in Bahrain?
What are the system functionalities required for a trade & settlement clearing system?
Is it wise to withdraw state retirement funds to invest in stock or other higher yield funds? I will be making a job change and I'm under 30.
Why is UJJIVAN financial services stock falling?
What would be 2017's value of Rs.100 crore in the year 2000? What methodology is used to calculate it?
What skills do I need to obtain to become a volatility trader at a hedge fund?
What is the meaning of the statement 'Company has declared a final dividend of Rs.2.50 per equity share of Rs.5/- each for the financial year XXXX’?
If we require funds, can we get private funds for running a company from somewhere even though our company's account is NPA?
How is ICoFP College in Delhi for a finance course? I am a fresh graduate without any work experience. Is it worth the money, and how can I get admission?
How do traders manage risk (or stop loss) if buy signals keep generating but price keep falling?
Will the import duty of 125% on luxury/sports cars be slashed after the roll out of GST on July 1st?
Given the current Indian market condition (NIFTY ~9500), does it make sense to hedge my mutual fund position by selling NIFTY futures?
A stock has the same fixed date for stock split (1:2) and bonus issue (2:1). What does it mean? Is it worth investing in?
What is the impact of the “Shrinking Alpha” on quantitative trading?
Is it true that George Soros indirectly funds the Huffington Post as well as organizations like La Raza?
What is the likelihood that a private equity firm, in a minority investment, will exercise their drag-along right against the wishes of management?
Can a Filipino fund his account in Poloniex and how?
How are the rates of rupee vs dollar fixed and regulated?
Which is the best mutual fund for 2017?
What are some characteristics of the different types of expenditures?
How do I buy mutual funds from an SBI demat account? What is the best demat account to buy/maintain mutual funds in India?
What is the difference between profit booking and market correction?
Where can I find data for a study on bond market crashes (bond price quotes and option put quotes)?
What is the best way to financially help someone?
What are the different ways to determine projected earnings growth of a company?
A bank will lend 80% of $10 million required to purchase a business. Aside from my talent to run it, what should I offer an investor to put up the other $2 million?
Are equities (stocks, specifically) on a balance sheet stated in value at their issuance or their current value?
What is the importance of financial analysis for a new venture?
Why do companies invest in the stock market?
Why are most traders so bad at risk management?
What courses will help credit underwriters in the financial sector?
Where can I find an Excel template that I can use for a financial consolidation, budget and planning?
If farmers who borrowed money from banks could not pay them back due to crop failure and for other reasons, should their loans be waived?
What is better, paying a home loan by adding more money to the principal and getting rid of the debt or using the extra money in stocks, mutual funds, etc.?
Should I go for an MBA or an M.Fin after undergrad if I want to be a financial analyst on Wall Street?
Are there any basic short-term financial course so as to be able to invest wisely, like in shares, mutual funds or policies?
What kind of financing can I obtain if I have a AAA-rated off-take agreement?
What are the differences between these positions: CFO, controller, director of internal auditing, treasurer and a vice president of finance?
Is it possible to transfer USD out of the Kraken cryptocurrency exchange?
Is it possible to get into finance with a PGDM-Finace degree 2015-17 placed into an IT company with a BA role and a prior experience in IT too?
What is the best idea to invest short term $2,000?
What is the historical data of a company’s bond being liquidated? What is the process of this?
Is it more profitable to go into engineering or finance?
What is the scope for a guy with a PGDM in finance currently working as a BA in an IT firm if he wants to switch to finance?
As an accounts payable executive, what extra courses can I do which can help me in building my career in finance?
How reliable are companies’ financial reports?
Are there bubbles that are not stock market, gambling or loan related but could lead to financial or even personal or human disasters?
What do you mean by government finance?
How do you securely manage your investments online?
Are a company’s financials public?
What is the salary of a stock trader?
I am 19 years old and I will be a junior in Northern Illinois University's accountancy program. What advice do you give?
How do you give a company's revenue numbers authority?
Did Ray Dalio's risk-parity all-weather strategy perform poorly during the 1970s, given the high inflation and the large long-term Treasury allocation?
What is the future of an MBA graduate in banking and finance with an experience in the BPO industry?
What is the negative impact of interest to the society?
Which is the best direct mutual fund Robo-advisor in India?
What is the unit for repo rates (e.g., per annum, per month, etc.)?
What is the difference between face value and purchase price for a bond?
How can I withdraw money from my HSA account if I have invested it in mutual funds?
How do sukuk, or Islamic bonds, comply with Islam given that Islam forbids paying an interest?
What causes interest rates to change?
What does it mean if a stock exchange operator is "demutualized"?
What is the best way to allocate 1 lac INR to India's debt & equity markets, etc.?
What is the concept of a forward market intervention by the central banks?
What is the effect of interest rates on industry?
Should I got to the University of Texas and get an economics degree (with minor in Finance) or go to Texas A&M and get a Business degree in Finance?
Is the financial sector a parasite to society?
What is the best way to turn $100 into $500?
Do you consider Liverpool city as a top location taking in consideration risk/return and capital growth potential?
What are the basic terms used by regular traders?
Did you wrote about managing cost of capital, return on capital, growth and how they are all interrelated?
What according to you is the best way to invest? Should one go for options, equity or commodities?
What is the Black-Scholes price?
What is a memorandum balance sheet?
Is it in a bank's interests to have its customers financially successful?
How much do we need to transfer for a new Demat account ? Can I transfer 1000rs?
How can I invest 100,000 RS in mutual funds for a period of 1 year? What are the return chances?
Will an internship at a hedge fund make my college application stand out?
What are the biggest pains of managing digital assets?
What kinds of services do private equity firms hire strategy consulting firms for?
What is the best way to invest 5 lakh rupees in stock markets in India—could it be intraday trade, mutual funds, etc.?
Is it worthwhile to get an MBA from a top business school if I already have an MS in Finance?
Can closed-end funds raise money through banks by using their shares as collateral? Are there any other mechanisms available?
How do I arrange finance for any startup?
Where can I find the amount of outstanding consumer debt, listed by biggest bank in descending order?
Why would any company prefer to do a rights issue?
How do I get an internship while doing an MBA in finance?
Which are the best courses offered in MS finance in order to get into investment banking functions?
Is it common that investors ask for total investment amount and debt/equity ratio for project evaluation before entering into NDA?
How can I find silent investors to provide financial support and assistance for my music?
How is a rental yield similar to a PE ratio?
What are some tips for building a sustainable career as an annual report photographer?
In the context of Indian economy, what is the difference between small finance and micro finance?
If the federal reserve could loan unlimited amounts of money to the US government, then why are many Republicans against government spending?
How does the UN earn funding and financial support to keep this organization running well?
Are profesional finance qualifications better than academic finance qualifications?
What happens to the mortgages of home owners when they receive a "bad loan"? Did people lose their homes because of debt or the lack of an agreement?
How long it takes a sum of money to double itself at 12% simple interest rate?
What are the different career options in banking sector?
What is “ATC” in banking?
Should I sell my mutual funds SIPs units, and if so, when?
What is a rights issue exactly?
Should I sell part of my mutual fund’s SIPS units when the market is high, or should I let it remain for better returns?
What investment requires a lot of capital but offers a high rate of return?
What would happen if even 5% of Indians became vegans?
How can a guaranteed investment offer a higher return compared to a corporate bond?
What is captured in a price to NAV ratio that is not captured in the WACC?
How do mortgage backed securities improve balance sheet ratios?
How does promoter share pledging work exactly?
What is "front running" in financial markets?
What are good reasons to have no limits or restrictions on campaign finance?
Can I invest all my savings in different types of mutual funds (DEBT, largeCap, Midcap), or I have to go with FD?
Is a master’s programme mandatory if an MBA holder wants to go for a PhD in finance or economics abroad?
How do I come out of a financial crisis without investing any additional capital?
What measures can foreign bond-holders of defaulted sovereign bonds such as Puerto Rican bonds take given that local laws are unenforceable?
What are importance of financial markets in an economy?
Why does no one “unmask” Tai Lopez?
How is the P/E ratio counted? How can one find out if a company is growing?
Which mutual fund is the best in small cap or multi-cap funds if I want to invest 2k per month?
Can I analyze sell-outs using (peak-low)- (peak-close) as a good approximation?
What are India's most debt-ridden companies?
Which sector mutual fund will be the best bet for the next 1 or 2 years?
What will be the future of discretionary trading (in comparison with the dominance of quant funds)?
How do I find the debt to equity ratio with these inputs?
How do we evaluate investment purpose & investment horizon?
Have banks artificially inflated house prices by providing loans? Without loans they'd be cheaper, right?
Will taking the Series 7 help me get a job in trading or in investment banking?
Why does a small company need to prepare a financial report?
Will workers in the finance industry be replaced by AI (machine learning)?
How do I register bonds with SEC?
Is retail arbitrage illegal? If so, what are some ways to prevent getting in trouble from retail arbitrage?
Why should a non-financier learn finance?
How would you make money with a time machine?
Which is better for a long-term investment, Geojit or Zerodha?
What are the best pieces of financial advice that will make me a millionaire?
Is it economically possible to end world poverty?
What would the pros and cons of a consumption-based taxation system be vis-a-vis the current production-based one?
If I have a small LLC business and I have different shareholders investing at different times, how do I calculate their returns?
How organized is your life financially, and can you give me advice to become financially secure?
What is the “pro rate” to calculate interest on capital?
What has been your experience in assessing the viability of smart contracts becoming financial instruments?
What can an undergraduate student majoring in economics/finance do to have an advantage over other students?
What are the best ways to make >10% annual interest rate on an investment (as a non-USA resident)?
Why are major brokerage firms suggesting alternative investments in client portfolios?
What is the best way to become a finance manager, doing an MBA (finance), completing a CA or is there another method?
What are the most successful or respected African American hedge funds?
If an account balance is below zero, can money still be wired into it?
Which is an unbiased web site for mutual fund ratings?
Which firm in the financial capital of India (Mumbai) can help medium-sized enterprises with M&A?
How does the Fedwire funds and automated clearing funds service work?
How do you calculate an amalgamation balance sheet?
What is the purpose of financial innovation?
Would the stock market be profitable long-term if all humans started investing?
Do I have a shot at working in the US for an Asset Management firm coming from Asia?
I want to invest 1000 rs p.m. in an equity mutual fund for 20 years. Which mutual fund would be best for this purpose?
How do hedge funds use stop losses?
How do you speculate in a market that is in a bubble?
What should be the ideal savings/expenses ratio?
Why did you become proficient in personal finance?
Which is the best bank to take personal loan from at lowest rate?
How do I develop a deeper understanding of the stock market, and basically the secondary market? Please suggest ways to learn more or the names of some good books on finance and economics, etc.?
How is private equity calculated?
From when will the banks be off on every Saturday?
The NAV value of one of the mutual funds(Which i was thinking to invest) in my watch-list has decreased by 7(47 to 40). Should I invest in that now?
Are there any crytocurrencies traded on the Nasdaq?
How do you know which Forex signals provider to choose?
How do you repatriate offshore funds?
Which courses are done before an MBA in finance degree?
How do I grow my money 15-20% doing long-term stock investments (5-10 years)?
Do stock traders receive a percentage of what they trade if they trade 500 million at once?
What websites would you suggest to follow Canadian finance, business, and investments?
I am 19. Is it right for me to invest in mutual funds?
At UMBC, would you recommend studying in the business/finance field? Also, is the job market good for that major? A lot of people say it is too broad.
If a mutual fund scheme does not declare any dividends then will the NAV of the growth and dividend option remain the same?
How do I finance short sales? There are properties that I need full cash payments for. Is there a way to finance these homes in order to purchase more at once.
Is the completion of CA enough to enter the investment banking industry?
Do you know about any one-year part time diploma courses in banking and finance, or investment banking for one year in Delhi?
If hedge funds or big institutions can manipulate the market, why don't they get caught by the FBI?
How do websites create a cash flow?
What are the best mutual funds in India to invest in 2017 for 3-4 years?
How did margin debt work before the crash of 1929?
Which are the best courses in MS finance in order to get into investment banking function?
Which one should I choose, MSc in Banking and Finance at King’s College London or MSc in Finance and Management at Cranfield?
Which dealer or shop in Dehradun offers an RO water purifier through Capital First Finance?
What are SARB impacts on the financial services sector?
Why do long-term Treasuries and gold shoot up at the same time during a flight to safety, given that both are contradictory inflationary plays?
Which company offers internships in Chandigarh for MBA finance students?
What is the difference between returns and allowances?
In what manner can discount rates affect the economy?
Can we depreciate all fixed assets? I mean all, starting from PCs till furniture. Why yes or why no?
What do they mean when they say “Investors poured money into a certain stock?” Are they referring to volume or market cap increase?
What are the consultancy services offered to financial institutions and what problems do they address?
What is the difference between government audit and statutory audit?
Is it not mandatory for financial institutions to announce the MCLRs and to reset the floating rate of interest for home loans?
In order to begin investing in the stock market, should I do a course on technical analysis? Will it really help me in picking the right stocks?
What does it mean to "follow the markets"?
Is it better to invest in mutual funds or property in Pakistan?
Is a large derivative market beneficial for society?
What caused the financial crisis?
Did the hedge fund manager take copious notes on your trading strategy when you had your interview with him?
Is the HDFC Prudence Mutual Fund with a monthly dividend a good scheme to invest in for the long term? Do they provide 1% for the long term?
What is a book or a course for companies working capital and cash flow management?
What does Gordon Miller think about a financial system without interest? Would we as humans be this advanced if we had a no-interest financial system?
Sensex is at all time high. Is it the right time to invest in mutual funds?
Is Sensex’s rise related to the availability of more money with fund managers rather than the growth of companies?
What is algo trading and how does it work?
How does money increase in the economy of a country that suddenly dug up a lot of oil reserves and starts selling it?
Should I save for an emergency fund or start investing in mutual funds?
What are the financial objectives of any organization?
If we require funds can we get private funds from someone else?
What is the best financial advice you have ever received?
Is a bet for Berkshire Hathaway a bet against technology?
What were people's reactions when you told them you're a full-time trader?
Are there any mutual fund in India which are giving more than 20% return continuously for more than 5 years?
Which MBA specialisation is better - finance or marketing?
How do I set up my own auto-trading system for the Indian stock exchange?
How do I maintain an investment account?
Are there any good cryptocurrency mutual funds or ETFs?
Why are some central banks adopting negative interest rates?
What are cash dividends on a balance sheet?
What is the difference between cash credit and working capital demand loan?
To what extent digitalization can commoditize M&A advisory?
Can anyone elaborate the difference between Money bill and Finance bill?
What are your views of IFCI stock?
Why do promoters of successful companies sell their stake?
Is getting a job at Google in finance as hard as it is for coding/engineering?
What are good thesis topics in finance combined with data science?
What are fake bonds?
What is a very profitable long term investment for a teenager and why?
Are Ripple, Nem and Stellar just Pump and Dumps, Ponzis or outright scams?
Is mutual fund investment a safe option for beginners in trading?
I’m having many business ideas in various fields, but no money, not even to survive properly. What should I do to get the money to start work on some ideas?
What do you think will happen to cryptocurrencies in the event of a financial crisis? Are there any correlations established so far?
What is the difference between reflux ratio, vaporization ratio, and relative volatility in binary distillation problems?
Which is the best PG course for a textile technologist?
What will be the impact of shifting the financial year from April-March to January-December on the economy?
Is the Bayesian hierarchical model useful in the industry or finance?
What are the things to be considered for starting an asset management firm in India?
What is harder between finance and economics?
How can I take loan to do trading in Indian stock market? What's the eligibility, limits, payback period, Interests, pros and cons of taking loans?
Which will be better for me if I am weak in the theoretical part, an MBA in international business or an MBA in finance or operations?
I’m currently an MC analyst with Accenture in the US. I want to work in investment management (Asset management, PE, IB). Should I take the CAIA or CFA?
Which are the most successful stock market investment stories?
What's a good asset allocation given current (mid-2017) asset levels?
Can veterans get loans?
I would really appreciate your guidance. I have done a PGDMB in finance. However, I am keen to do a PhD in management. What is the procedure?
Why are the CWAs and CS not given the authority to conduct statutory audit in India?
What is a good volatility trade for limited but expendable cash?
Where can I get the analysis of mutual funds for investment?
What is the US’s current real interest rate?
Is London the financial capital of the world?
If you were placing an intrinsic value on an Ethereum coin as if it were a stock, what model would you use?
What are the ways that a company can defraud its creditors?
In terms of the finance sector, which institute is better, Harvard or INSEAD?
How can I get an internship at a private equity firm in high school?
What are some internships to prepare me for a career in private equity?
How can I get finance for my running business to expand?
How can I invest in mutual funds? What is the step by step process?
Why do banks charge for rewriting interest rates for an existing loan?
How financially stable are you?
Is FinTech a good industry for startups?
Does the volatility of a stock or asset affect the commission that a broker charges?
Given the good results and a low P/E ratio, what is your view on Karnataka Bank for the long-term?
Are the percentage of returns declared by mutual funds on their unit face values or their NAVs?
Would someone with a political mindset excel at business-type subjects such as business, marketing, accounting and finance?
What would happen if everybody in India invests in mutual funds?
Why do economics/finance/accounting textbook like to use airline industry examples?
What were the factors that led to the creation of the bond rating industry, given that there is no similar counterpart for stocks?
How and why is debt sold?
What are the types of investment?
Why is Yahoo’s financial data download not working?
Which European countries impose financial transaction tax on stocks?
What is date saving in mutual funds?
What is a financial company?
What are the main reasons for defaulting on loans?
Could the bid-ask spread be negative?
What are capital management services?
How does global elections and their results affects Foreign Exchange Reserves?
How do I become a great finance manager?
Is funding from the World Bank considered foreign capital?
What is the general risk allocation in a portfolio?
Can the balance of an asset on a standalone basis be more than the balance on a consolidated basis?
If portfolio managers think the market will go down, how do they mitigate the risks by hedging?
Why is depreciation a credit item in a trial balance?
Why don’t banks follow the base rates set by the government?
Is Spark reliable/safe for pipelining financial transactions?
Change in financial year in central and state cordination?
How much does ETMoney take for providing the platform for investing in mutual funds?
Is there any bank that offers a non-secured loan for higher studies?
Is a look at the P/E ratio of a company enough for a beginner to buy a share, or does it throw a light on the decision to buy?
Can great wealth be made from business alone or is investment required?
How does one find a mentor in value investing?
I want to buy index funds. Are there any European online trading platforms that allow you to buy index funds?
Is a gilt fund a liquid fund or a debt fund?
What are Ali AlShamsi's thoughts on "Good traders can take a bad strategy and still make it work" in regards to trading?
Do you know what are the most influential journals in financial audit and management control?
Why do companies pay dividends?
What do you think of Ally Invest’s managed portfolios (formerly TradeKing), for a beginner investor?
Where do mutual funds recruit in India?
Are compound interests still a viable option given that the current interest rates are as low as 0.5% on an 18-month restricted deposit?
Who do you recommend for working capital loans?
What Vskills certification is the best in terms of pursuing an MBA in Finance?
In the United Kingdom, are banks mandated to hire external counsel on loan transaction/deals?
What should I do to get an accounting or finance related job in the Indian Defense Services? I have PG, CS and CA degrees in hand.
What is the difference between bond energy and bond formation?
Is it fair to say that the UK government actively promotes London as a financial capital, while the US government doesn't care as much about NYC?
How can I get investments in my business through private equity investors in India?
What are the rules of option trading?
Why is the Glenmark share price falling so rapildy?
Why are India's derivative markets settled in cash instead of delivery? Which is better?
Is it a good idea to use APV instead of DCF for stocks?
If the earnings call is tomorrow, what are the indicators today that a stock may go up or down?
Who is looking for a social platform to generate monthly cash flow?
Chinese people has a low experience in private lending and borrowing, how about the private finance activities in your country?
When interest rates rise, do stocks usually go up or down?
Is this data science major good to go for? If so, should I major in it with finance or accounting?
Which mutual Fund is best for SIP of Rs,5000 for 10 years?
Who are the members of finance commission?
Which financial instrument (including derivatives) has the highest trading volume in the US markets?
Is the value of the MBS and CDO markets limited to the amount in loans that exist? Credit Default Swaps don't have this limit do they?
What is the best way to double my money quickly?
How much can I invest in a fund house in a year?
How did Iceland letting its banks fail impact its recovery from the financial crisis?
Why did the stock price of Edelweiss Financial Service fall today?
How scalp trading is done? And what indicators are being used for the same?
What is meant by a fixed charges coverage ratio?
Why is the silver market so volatile as compared to the gold market?
How are job prospects different in finance vs accounting?
What formula gives odds required for break even given a strike rate and percentage of bank bet?
Which mutual fund is best for higher returns with a higher risk in the next two to three years?
Which bank has lowest interest rate for education loan & what are requirements for taking loan up to Rs 30 lakhs?
Is it advisable to sell property worth 1.5 crore and invest the capital in a mutual fund?
What metrics are used to determine if a government is allocating capital effectively?
Is JIIT in financial trouble?
Does inflation increase the value of money?
What ICT skill would be valuable next to a finance study?
How do I check if any company is debt free or not?
Where can I practice Financial statements online from scratch?
Can I go for CS after MBA finance?
Where can I find old analyst reports?
Do mutual fund companies in India have their own fund managers? And if they do it through third party agents, is it safe?
How much of mathematics do I need to know to perform well in M.Sc Finance?
Was there a global conspiracy behind the 2007-2008 stock market crash?
How can I choose between accounting and finance and economics and finance?
I own a little micro finance business and want to improve my knowledge and management of the credits what should I do?
Which is better, loaning against a fixed deposit or paying the full amount without a loan?
Can we use information that is available from the stock exchanges for a YouTube channel that imparts knowledge about finance or is getting their prior approval required?
How feasible is it to go from an investment analyst intern to work in Amazon's finance department?
Is it true that passive managers outperform active managers?
What factors influence the political equilibrium?
Trading - What is pair trade in stock market?
What does the company you work for do in financial markets?
Which debt to equity ratio should I use for a weighted average cost of capital in this case?
Can I use Go Fund Me to raise money to buy traffic to my website?
What does the average day for a trader look like?
What is the difference between uncovered and covered interest rate parity?
What is an appropriate rate of return on a business purchase?
For a layman, how do I find out when is the fiscal year and quarters of a listed company?
I completed my MBA in finance and I had an interest in an SAP course. Which one is better?
If the average global annual inflation rate is 2.78%, and stocks increase by 5.3% globally annually, where does the other 2.52% come from?
Why do interest rates affect investment levels?
How does a profit-sharing loan work?
What would be a good theme for an MSc thesis in equity evaluation methods: accounting versus finance analysts?
Why do private equity firms hire strategy consulting firms?
Is Finozen trustworthy like Funds India and Scripbox?
What is an MS finance?
Which major should I choose in order to excel financially in the future, supply chain management or finance? I need advice.
How can I diversify my income now at 28 into small, medium and high risk investments?
What are your thoughts on the Trump Comey scandal?
How much funds are required to start one’s own finance firm?
What is the formula for rate of return?
How to calculate the expected Return of the market?
What basis should I take to calculate my return on investments in FMCG business?
What's the finance industry like in Italy?
Does industry prefer articleships in statutory audit or risk advisory?
What are the benefits of equity investment in our country?
If you view a corporation as a fund, does C-suite compensation at an F500 do better than 2 and 20?
How can I achieve the level of an average PhD in economics or finance?
What are registration charges, annual charges and other charges for SBI Mutual Fund?
Last year, Third Point (hedge fund) made a big deal about hiring a data chief (Matt Ober). What do people in the quant industry think of this guy?
Who should be considered primarily responsible for financial bubbles, lenders or debtors?
Where can I learn about the ins and outs of financing a business without pursuing an MBA?
An upcoming insurance company has vacancy in underwriting, claim, sales, finance and IT department. How can I choose one department?
What should I do to grow to higher positions and achieve big in my profession as a finance analyst?
What is the average commission rate for financial planners?
What types of Business Intelligence reports do banks require to operate on a daily basis?
Which bank in Seattle has the best interest rates/per annum?
How do banks decide to sanction loans?
Who insures the loans given by banks?
How do government bonds function?
Is the debt-to-equity ratio generally less than or equal to the debt-to-asset ratio?
What's it like to go out at night as a banker?
What is the NNP with relation to capital depreciation?
As of 22/5/2017, why has Bitcoin surged to an all-time high despite the recent WannaCry ransomware cyber attacks?
What is the best plan to invest in mutual funds for beginners?
How do I calculate the USD exposure of a company, based on the snapshot of the assets that the company owns? Is the company below over-hedged?
Who manages the finance management of the IPL?
What were the UN financial crises?
Is there a good resource to calculate total return of a mutual fund over a particular timeframe?
Are there any good “small investment but high profits” projects?
How can I come out from financial depression?
How do we measure international liquidity?
What are some businesses I can start in high school that revolve around asset management/finance?
How can I earn 1 million dollars in 7 years with my current position?
What is contract finance?
How much interest do you have in Microsoftoffice2016?
How is probability calculated in CAPM problems?
If I buy mutual funds through online, when can I sell it?
Does long-term investing in India have any risks? If yes, what are they? What are the ways to nullify the risk involved?
What is a good way to invest €50,000, besides real estate, funds, shares, and bonds, with an investment horizon of 10-20 years and a moderate risk tolerance?
How do I sell internationally without losing money on currencies exchange rates?
Would it be a good strategy to pick stocks by looking into funds’ asset allocation?
In the Indian market, which is the best mutual fund for a tax saver to invest in, during F.Y. 2017-18?
How can the balance sheet be balanced if a company takes out a loan?
Which is the best mutual fund that gives a maximum return in India?
Do negative interest rates tell us there's something seriously wrong?
How do I start an online platform for stock and mutual fund trading in India? What registrations are required?
Theoretically, if the interest rate is 10% compounding quarterly, but I only invest in 2 months, then withdraw from it, will I get any interest?
What skills does Gordon Miller believe is required for a successful career in finance?
Would an MBA in finance after a bachelors in accounting and marketing be beneficial?
Can a person with a small amount of capital, e.g. $100, earn money through day trading?
Why do we need people with the CFA with robot advisors taking over our finances?
How do new startups get financed?
What is the main difference between capital reserve and reserve capital?
What sources did Ali Alshamsi use to learn about financial markets?
What does a private equity company look for in the employees (both workers and management) of a target company?
How do I become finance agent in a finance company in Jaipur?
What is the main purpose of financial forecasting?
How is the price of supply determined for the banking and financial services?
Is a recurring deposit or fixed deposit acceptable as proof of funds for Canada FSW?
Why do companies provide IPO?
Can a chairman of a company use that company's asset/money for his personal sake?
What is depreciation of money?
How is the life of hedge fund managers?
What are some cheapest educational institutions in Australia for a postgraduate diploma in finance?
How can I earn in the stock market including in mutual funds as a part-time trader with minimum investment? I am working also.
What do you think about the future of the asset management business? The evolution of AI is very high. How will asset management companies be changed?
What are the different kinds of debt instruments which developed in India post liberalization?
What is the best paying entry-level job for a finance student? Excluding rare jobs that only 1 in a million people get.
By the age of 25, are CA CFA FRM good enough qualifications?
Why does covered interest rate parity hold?
Is it possible to compound an investment in an index fund?
Why does the federal government lend to banks in forms of repurchase agreements as opposed to direct loans?
When a bank has a fixed charge on an asset and another has both a floating and fixed charge over the asset of a company, what happens during liquidation?
What tools/methods do you use to manage cash flow?
How do you calculate the level of finance needed for a business?
If we know a new financial crisis is coming, what should we do as a trader?
What are the current PhD research topics in Stochastic Process applied in finance?
How do I analyze a mutual fund before investing?
I want to sell my current house to buy a bigger one. Should all the money go into the down payment?
What is the difference between a private equity fund and an equity fund and which one is better for the long term?
What are some good low cost/fee, mid-cap index funds?
Which cryptocurrency has the fastest rising interest rates?
Why did LIBOR rates hike in October of 2008?
How much does JP Morgan pay at IIM Calcutta for finance, and how much money will one clear after cutting all the bonuses?
What is the risk of foreign exchange?
Why is capital markets bank activity called investment banking?
What are the benefits of majoring in Finance in your bachelor's degree?
What can I do to boost my employability?
How does an SIP in mutual funds across five separate equities work? How would I start?
When a company has a successful past and bright future, do we need to look at the price of its share while investing through SIP?
Do you get finances if you are successful on Quora?
What is the entry test pattern for a BS in accounting and finance in IBA Karachi?
Financial literacy is critical for success, so why do most non-financial business owners avoid accounting and bookkeeping like the plague?
What are some finance uses of logic programming?
Which questions would you ask directly after getting promoted as managing director for a seed investment firm within a family office to reduce risks?
What are structured products and derivatives?
How is UTD for an MS in finance?
What is the difference between Depository Receipts and P-notes?
Does equipment financing falls within ASC 606?
What compliance protocols are we required to adhere to when operating an open ended fund while working with foreign investors also?
What are additional documents can one get about a public company other than 10-k report?
I recently received a master’s in IB and economics. I am in my 30′s, with a history in customer service and finance, but hardly any hard skills. What are some tips or suggestions?
What does $100 billion in assets mean?
Do you have a copy of an investment fund presentation I can review from Renaissance Technologies, DRW, or Jump?
Why do futures markets exist?
Would you leave your specialist role in finance and take a strategy role at a startup with no equity for half the pay?
What kind of jobs can I get if I do an MSc in Biotechnology followed by an MBA in Finance or Economics?
What are some best mutual funds and explain me why?
Has the issuance of the Singapore Savings Bonds by the government forced banks in Singapore to offer higher interest rates for term deposits?
If fix 1500000 with an interest rate ofof 10 percent for 6 months what will be total value after 6months?
What are the common errors committed while trading?
After dismissal from a bank, can I get a job based on banking experience without an experience certificate?
Who is the best finance consultant in Mumbai?
How can I calculate a bond's default risk premium?
How does rainfall pattern affect the stock market in India?
Do large multinational firms like Google and MS take on debt to raise funds or are their funding needs satisfied through selling shares/liquid assets?
In accounting, what are the rules to determine whether to debit or credit an account?
Which is a better college/university to pursue BBA in Finance?
Can depreciation be withdrawn by the owner?
What is the 50-year average return of the stock market globally (country-wise)?
Is Financial Modelling from EduPristine worth it or not?
What are the most stable/safe high-leverage investments?
What is your process for analyzing a company?
Which regulated exchanges do I have access to, as an EU citizen living in Mexico, for Bitcoin (BTC), Ripple (XRP) or Ethereum (ETH)?
Which firm in Mumbai can help with bank negotiations for my business loan and debt restructuring?
Will Samsung Financing do a hard credit check? Will it appear on my credit report?
Who did the US borrow money from to fund the revolution?
Is it reasonable to assume that most mutual funds will outperform its benchmark index?
How much money is invested in mutual funds in India?
Having been a coder and a CS student, I want to study facets of business and work in an intersection of the two fields. What are my options?
Can a MA in International Political Economy (in Warwick for example) lead to a career in finance?
What are the best academic books on finance?
Why do banks make a fuss about lending when they are dependent on you borrowing to survive as a bank?
Why would anyone buy public debt issues with negative interest? Why pay to lend our money?
I am from engineering background. Can I make my career in finance?
What is the difference between an option and a rights issue?
Which tools are the best to manage my businesses cash flow?
What is the difference between the term finance and financial?
Why does the market still use credit ratings when there is credit default swaps to indicate credit risk?
What is the best financial advice someone has ever given you?
Is mutual fund high risk?
If no dividends are declared by a mutual fund scheme, will the NAV of the growth option and dividend option be the same?
Can mutual fund investments done for 10 years be withdrawn after 5 years?
Are different industries (e.g. financial vs retail) targeted with different, tailored phishing attacks?
Is there any alert or other way to find out what new stocks Indian mutual fund houses are buying or increasing the stakes on? I don’t want to check it fund by fund.
What are the currently best performing Mutual Fund to invest in India?
Could I verify/trace my mutual fund investments with a PAN number since I have not maintained any record of my investments?
What will I get if I invest $1000 in 20 years with 4% interest rate?
How much bigger did the US national debt get following the 2008 stock market crash?
A bank will lend 80% of the $10M required to purchase a business. Aside from my talent to run it, what should I offer an investor if they put up the other $2M?
What are the job prospects after getting an MBA in finance?
Has anyone invested in DHFL Swayamsidha deposit for women?
Is buying a 1995 Mercedes a good investment? (Typical cost is $4000)
Do you discuss audit reports with the CEO?
Is there a legal and moral way to make money without providing any value?
What is a “short buildup” in options?
Is it good to have a fixed price with 5-10% margin or let the customers bargain by telling them a rate 40-50% more?
Is it wise to invest in fixed deposits?
What is a free finance API that replaces the old Yahoo API for things like PEG ratio, EPS, etc. for Google spreadsheets?
What is the difference between gross and net?
How can you calculate change in net working capital?
Which are the good institutes providing training on Foreign Exchange Risk Management and Treasury Management in Kolkata or suitable online mode?
What industries, besides finance, will benefit most from the blockchain and how?
What is drawdown within the context of a loan?
How does stock exchange calculate share rates?
How do I start investing in mutual funds using the SBI MF website?
What is mutual fund in India? Is it beneficial?
In which mutual fund can I invest a lump sum of 30,000 INR for just over a year, that has good returns and a moderately high risk?
What is meant by investing in stock market or mutual funds? Can anyone explain this in detail?
Is there a financial relationship between the CA board of medicine and the PACE Program at UCSD?
What books must be read for improving financial literacy?
How do I set a stop-loss based on the underlying price on an options credit spread in a trader workstation?
How should I prepare my CV if I wish to apply for a top financial company like Goldman Sachs or Morgan Stanley after my B.Tech from an IIT?
Should I cash in a portfolio that returned 25% last year to help pay for college?
What are the best Finance and stock books for a 17y old?
What is the best app or site for checking a company’s financial ratios?
What is the difference between a finance bill and money bill?
How hard is it to become Associate 3 when you work in investment banking?
Which are the platforms where I can get the historical returns of my portfolio?
Is it possible to learn finance by oneself by reading books, than going to a B-School?
What is the difference between the true rate and the flat rate in banks and leasing companies, and how is it calculated?
How do you control credit risk?
Is this the right time to invest in Indian markets? If yes, what are the best stocks to invest in for the short term and and also for mutual funds?
Which is the future, quant finance/risk management or data science?
How do I start a hedge fund with 15 lakhs, by trading for other people in their name?
Which is the best way to become a finance manager- by doing an MBA, by completing CA, or by any other method? Which would be the most helpful in the future?
I want to start stock market trading. I know theoretical concepts. How should I start?
What is a financial problem?
Why aren't Treasuries callable like most corporate bonds?
What regulatory organization are you required to register with to start an online stock and mutual fund trading platform in India?
What's the possibility of succeeding in business when borrowing from financial institutions?
What's the best risk control system for hedge funds?
In order to create a cash flow projection, is there some way to project using a formula based off of actual data like the past 12 months P&L?
Which CLG is the best for an MBA in finance outside of India?
What are the best books for learning about finance?
Which firms do you recommend to manage one's portfolio? Is it advisable to invest with them?
How did Drexel Burnham get to dominate high-yield bonds in Wall Street in the 1980s given that it was not a big player then?
Is it possible for a small entrepreuner to impact the market? All of the problems left seem to require advanced IT or finance degrees.
How do investment banks realize/monetize their profits in IPOs?
Why is it important to learn financial institutions and markets?
What is the best way to change from a career in Finance to a career in software engineering?
How do I grow my $4000 for short term growth?
Which financial institution would give the maximum interest payoff in a year, if I deposit a sum of one crore rupees?
Which should I do first, CFP (certified financial planner) or FRM (financial risk manager)?
What are the scopes for B.Com. in finance?
What are the best finance job portal abroad from India?
How can I invest in Wikipedia?
How can I understand finance and foreign trade easily?
How can I organize my checking account like my computer files?
What models are used to forecast operational risk in a bank?
Can I work in finance with a master’s degree in mathematical economics and econometrics? What areas can I work in?
I have $1,000,000 currently. I'm 18 yrs old. How should I invest this 1M to become a billionaire?
How many multiples of salary can I get for a personal loan?
What is arranging finance for a transaction?
How do you get the current ratio?
Do the banks get interest for CRR or SLR from the RBI?
What are the countries where a Financial Risk Manger (FRM) can get jobs?
What will happen if I got rid of my comprehensive and collision? What will my car financing institution do?
Does the marketplace generally reward good enough or excellence more?
Investment bankers: What are your opinions on George Soros?
Which is the best colleges in India for MBA in banking and finance?
How does the income statement get built?
How can I invest in corporate FDs?
How do I issue a corporate guarantee?
Who are the best finance consultants for SME in Mumbai?
How have changes in the economy affected financial planning activities?
Why in the world would an average investor with at least one million want to invest in a hedge fund with the high fees and sub-standard returns?
Is an Indian resident residing in India required to file returns in the USA on the capital gains and dividend income earned from US stocks even if it is below the threshold limits of taxation?
How can I get an Finance internship at Amazon Hyderabad?
What should be a reasonable operating margin for a vertical online platform/marketplace business (like HelloTech, TaskRabbit or similar)?
What are the low investment high efficient projects?
Who do you contact in Manhattan to start a financial company on Wall Street if you're willing to invest $1 million?
Has anyone worked with ProBizAdvisor finance firm that deals with debt restructuring, CFO services, funding, and a lot more for SMEs?
Fed up working in SBI as an Associate, should I switch to some private sector job (MBA-finance) or wait for my promotion as an Assistant Manager?
Why do people hold treasury bill with negative interest rate?
If I were to buy an index fund (Nifty 50) at 9,400 today and sell it at 1,400 after 5 years, what would the broker charges, taxes and other charges be?
What is a good mutual fund in India to start SIP?
How can I get investments from private equity investors for my company in India?
What is the most preferred finance qualification?
What is a financial API used for?
What should the ideal tracking error be of a portfolio manager having 7% active risk?
What is the process of "trade finance" comparing conventional banking and Islamic banking?
What are the ways to tackle non performing assets?
Why are pension reserves kept on a US company's balance sheet, making them vulnerable to that company's potential bankruptcy?
How well is machine learning suited to deal with behavioral biases in finance?
How did customers from developing countries pay for goods and services to suppliers from other countries?
What are the chances of getting a banking job/mutual fund ops jobs abroad?
What qualities do a good financial adviser have?
What are the opportunities in banking and finance?
How do hedge funds who have heavily invested into China get money back out of China considering the new capital outflow restrictions in China?
How did London become Europe's financial hub despite the world's highest stamp fee of 0.5% for the London Stock Exchange?
Which 10 nations have the most gold assets as their national financial reserve at this moment?
What is the asset market approach (regarding exchange rates)?
What are the countries where a Certified Financial Planner (CFPcm) can get a job?
What should I do if I know for sure that there's gonna be a huge stock exchange crash?
What are the best books on personal finance budgeting?
What services does Fintech offer?
Which is the best mutual fund option for investment?
What is an online book for complete information about mutual funds?
How might one get into finance, and is it a profitable career choice?
Why do banks invest in treasury bonds?
What can one do, along with an MBA in finance, to get the best placement in India (like any certification that allows some practical exposure)?
Is the capital mobility a positive or negative thing? Which aspects and references exemplify this?
What European banks did the U.S. borrow money from for the Louisiana Purchase?
What would be the salary of a junior manager finance in RITES?
What is the scope of an MBA in finance for an electrical engineer if he is working in the power sector?
How do I use stock exchange game?
How are mortgage backed securities, collateralized debt obligations and credit default swaps traded?
How can you tell the difference between “Good “ Investments and “Bad” investments?
Why is Divi’s Laboratories stock tanking? Based on a DCF model, it’s worth more than the current price (~570 rupees), so is there any rationale behind the drop?
What is meant by securities premium reserve/account in a balance sheet? How important is it, and what can we analyze with this in a balance sheet?
If a financial derivative is not path-dependent in regards to its payoff, then can it always be priced using the implied volatility surface?
My family was duped into a bad deal & resulted in a deep debt hole. We have no savings, bad reputation & bad business times. What can we do?
Why is there a lack of liquidity in the Indian bond market?
I'm planning on majoring in finance, someone provide me with a decent sized list of books that I should read?
What is simple finance in SAP?
Is it a good time to buy mutual funds today 15th May 2017 or should we wait for a few weeks?
Why does a mutual fund earn decreasing amounts of interest as years increase?
How can Credit Acceptance, an auto finance company, treat customers so horribly but be the "best company to work for"?
Should my son take a joint major in economics and mathematics at UCSD or accounting and finance at Warwick?
How do you actually invest?
What are the short stories about The Beautiful Lie?
What is the function of the Bank of India which is a nationalized bank?
How does ISB fare in the fields of operations and finance management?
Is B.Com accounting and finance useful for a CA?
How do you distinguish whether your results in the stock market are based on luck or skill?
Why is my appraisal fee for a home loan so high, at 1097$, from Bank of America?
How is the Masters in Finance of Grenoble Singapore campus?
Why does behavioral finance lack an unified coherent theorem or model?
What was it like to be an young investment banker selling derivatives back in the day? Do you still have all the millions you earned?
Will a finance degree soon be worthless?
Are intangible assets allowed to value a pre-IPO company?
How can a bank engage people to invest more of their surplus cash to mutual funds and shares than normal savings accounts?
What are the ways of minimizing risk and maximizing profit while investing in the stock market?
How do you calculate daily amortization on a loan with variable daily payments?
What's the point of comparing the BVPS to the share price?
What's the new industry that is the most worthy of investment this year?
Which companies are hiring for accounting/finance departments in India?
How hard is it to find a job in London with an MSc in Theoretical Physics from KCL?
What do you look for when investing in a stock and reading annual reports?
How should I start a compounding interest fund right now?
What is a better subject, accounting or finance?
How does the put-call parity work with zero strike calls?
Which short term mutual funds are good?
What is the best way to access the finance job market in Germany for foreigners?
What is the new audit report?
Is it worth getting a personal loan to invest in Ethereum?
Can I do CFA level 2 during June if I have just finished my degree in May and am awaiting my results?
What are the various distance learning courses available for a Finance professional in India?
If FP&A jobs will be commoditized by ML and low wage developing countries, what parellel should I move into that will leverage my MBA and MS-Finance?
How do I decide what is the right time & what type of mutual funds to invest in?
Why did investment banks crash in 2008 even with their high-tech computer analysis?
Is there any opening in investment banking in Pune?
What is the logic behind making so much money and giving it away, like Warren Buffett has done?
If everyone keeps saying that buying an option is a losing trade, who keeps buying options?
Did anyone predict the Icelandic banking crisis?
What is the average brokerage fee for mutual funds in India?
How does selling bonds to private sector financial institutions increase money supply?
How do you know if your investment is fairly valued?
Will the US declare war on Bitcoin anytime? Why not?
Which stocks should I start investing?
What initial investment do I use to fund an IRR?
What does the financial system consist of?
Where can I find the total assets of Korean banks? The Korean central bank's website lacks the info and is quite outdated.
Are there any teen contributed finance and general news magazines?
What banks or funds or similar companies hire experienced finance quants over 50?
How do I manage all these: creating value for others, helping them, time spent, and money to be invested?
Flip or Coursera? Which is bettter for a certification course in banking for an MBA finance student?
What is your view to the Noble Group (CGP) current financial situation? How do you rate its bond value?
What type of options have unlimited risk? Why?
Where can I find all of the basic information about mutual funds and shares?
Does it make sense to invest in a mid-cap fund over the long term?
Is it hard to get a finance job in Chicago as an international student?
What does an MBA in finance and operations deal with?
How does one learn to understand Bloomberg's articles?
What is the best time to redeem mutual fund?
Why do people still invest in or work for Goldman Sachs when everybody knows that they are evil?
Which is the better option, an unsecured loan or a secured loan?
What technical skill set is required for an MBA finance graduate?
How does Pramod Kumar find stocks for options trading?
Given the market run up, is it a more prudent option to invest in the dividend option of an existing mutual fund?
Is equity investment a gamble?
What's the role of trader now in China?
How good are Khanacademy's finance and capital market courses?
What business can be done today in India with finances of, say, 2 crore?
Do professional investors really believe in risk-return trade-off? (i.e. one requires higher expected return if standard deviation is higher)
Is education a worthy asset to invest in, with the current high levels of unemployment in my country?
What is the typical career path for an operating partner in private equity?
How can I pick a good financial planner? I'm looking for someone to help me structure my finances for a long term strategy and not sell products etc.
How valuable is a postgraduate diploma in finance from LSE? Can it land me a job in major IBs?
Can I do a master’s in finance after a B.Tech?
What is the potential of mutual fund distribution in India?
Should I learn actuarial science or finance?
Is there any API which gives details about mutual fund portfolios?
Is this the right time (May 2017) to invest in mutual funds, as the market is at an all-time high?
Which mutual fund or stock can give me highest ever returns in 5 years?
Is it possible that Target had 25 billion in sales in 1996?
Is it normal in the business world to get fired the way Trump fired FBI Director Comey for doing his job?
Which university is best for business and finance, HKUST, CUHK, or CityU?
What kind of financial math should a shareholder know?
What is the simplest way to start investing with high yield returns for a newbie?
How is it to switch from a role in a finance company to a technical profile role in India?
How does private equity work, especially in film and television programmes?
What was the reaction of people all over the globe after the great Wall Street crash of 1929?
Which are the stocks that frequently rise?
What is the range for investment bankers? Could they become financial innovators who open new departments within the firm they work in?
Is the CFA no longer valued now that machines are taking over investing?
If a stock can be hedged by long/short futures then why do hedge fund manager use delta hedging?
As an owner of a company, what should I look for in my company's statement of financial position and income statement?
Do mortgage-backed securities have tranches? How are CDOs related to mortgage-backed securities?
Why do only 1% of Indians invest in the financial markets?
Why do people take the CFA if those who have it generally underperform an index?
Are children​ assets or liabilities​, in terms of life, reality, finance, and the future​?
Is it good to change an existing SBI home loan interest at the base rate of 9.25% to an MCLR interest rate of 8.80% with Rs. 7,500 conversion charges?
Can mutual funds be considered as stocks?
What are some of the advice and guidance you would give to hedge fund aspirant?
How do I issue different types & of equity & tranches of debt to investors in my startup?
What is the top growth stock mutual funds?
How can I achieve financial security at age 40? I'm an intelligent woman. Single mom, worked and raised 2 boys. Yet still have nothing financially.
What are the main reasons that prevents Indians to invest in mutual funds?
How can I put my money on an index fund?
What are the criteria to arrive at the judgment that the investment in a particular stock is really a value investment? What is the rule?
At what price is it wise to get onboard the ethereum train? Given I will invest to hold for 5 years at least.
How do you take into account currency volatility in your ARR calculations if selling abroad?
Which banks are providing education loans without any surety in India?
Why do investment banks always get fined? Are they fined too much or too little?
If the amount of left loan is 200 K and interest rate is 6.5, mature within 10 years, what is the amount to be in the first 3 years?
What is the scope of taking Finance as an elective in Shailesh J Mehta?
Can an MBA who recently joined IT side of a bank switch to banking sector with FRM/CFA certification?
What should I know before investing in an IPO in the Indian market, being a trader who is looking for a short term entry for immediate profits?
What are the differences between appreciation and depreciation of rupee?
Why did SEBI make it mandatory for companies to dilute at least 25% of the total ownership?
Where can I get a list of countries available on Google Finance Currency Converter?
Where can I find free downloadable historical prices of FTSE 100 and FTSE MIB indexes?
Which specialization would be better with MBA in Research and Business Analytics - Finance, Operations or Marketing?
Does betfair exchange offers financial bets like FTSE or Dow Jones to back and lay?
What are your options for financing even though a property may be a short sale or forcloesure and requesting cash only?
What is the additional charge applied by Sharekhan for mutual fund SIP transactions compared to banks?
Which are some of the best colleges for MBA across the world (for finance & marketing)?
Why doesn't uncovered interest rate parity hold?
How much accounting do you need to know in order to be a Quantitative/Mathematical Finance major? What is the math that is required for this?
What does an advisory firm do?
What is the best shariah compliant mutual fund in Pakistan to invest in?
If I transfer funds into a brokerage account and those funds remain unsettled, can I immediately use those funds to place a trade?
Are returns earned from all liquid mutual funds tax-free?
Where do I find the best research papers on financial markets?
What is meant by financial widening?
What are financial workouts and how can we buy such security today?
What is the oldest bond mutual fund?
What are your thoughts on the following accounting question: What are the factors that go into deciding between cash flow vs accrual accounting?
What is capital revenue ?
As an IPCC student with keen interest in finance, what is the ed-ex or cousera, else any other online courses best suited for me?
What are capital structure weights?
Is there any job for an MBA (finance) fresher in Dehradun?
Can a skilled trade business owner like a plumber take home 3 million dollars a year in California?
How many people struggle with financial mindset?
Does someone need to lose money for you to gain in stocks or everyone can gain together too?
How is the work like in the Operations division at Goldman Sachs in Bangalore?
Where can I find a list of current S&P 500 companies that are ranked by market cap?
How do I get a role which deals with handling finance in TCS?
Would it be a perfect hedge if I had a cash index portfolio with a beta of 1.0, and also shorted the SP500 futures with the same nominal value?
Can a stock trader receive a percentage of what they trade?
Can a Tally course prove useful for me if I want to pursue a career in finance?
How can a physics undergrad get a job as a trader/quant trader, or anything similar, in the financial industry?
Which are some good financial advisory firms in Mumbai for strategic funding?
What is the usefulness of a Leased Letter of Credit, bank guarantee, etc.? Can these leased assets be monetized for the purpose of raising funds?
Do originating banks provide individual debtor credit prospectuses for investors to perform due diligence prior to purchasing asset backed securities?
What is IRR’s interest on a two-wheeler loan?
Is there any difference between cash deposit ratio and currency deposit ratio?
Are there any financial betting exchanges like Flexihedge?
What do you mean by financial planning?
How is financial statements analysis used in value investing?
What are likely to be the variable costs for an airline, such as Southwest Airlines. Also, what are the fixed costs likely to be?
What is the salary of an MBA graduate with 4 years of experience in the finance domain, in Bahrain?
Which specialization is better and in demand among marketing, Finance and Operations in Business Analytics?
What are the system functionalities required for a trade & settlement clearing system?
I have received over $500 for my birthday, and there is currently nothing I desire to have all that badly. What should I do with the money?
Is it wise to withdraw state retirement funds to invest in stock or other higher yield funds? I will be making a job change and I'm under 30.
Why is UJJIVAN financial services stock falling?
What would be 2017's value of Rs.100 crore in the year 2000? What methodology is used to calculate it?
What skills do I need to obtain to become a volatility trader at a hedge fund?
What is the meaning of the statement 'Company has declared a final dividend of Rs.2.50 per equity share of Rs.5/- each for the financial year XXXX’?
If we require funds, can we get private funds for running a company from somewhere even though our company's account is NPA?
How is ICoFP College in Delhi for a finance course? I am a fresh graduate without any work experience. Is it worth the money, and how can I get admission?
How do traders manage risk (or stop loss) if buy signals keep generating but price keep falling?
What are some ways we can sustainably finance a universal basic income?
How likely is it that the Volcker Rule will be repealed under Trump’s presidency? Will that lead to the resurgence of proprietary trading?
Will the import duty of 125% on luxury/sports cars be slashed after the roll out of GST on July 1st?
Given the current Indian market condition (NIFTY ~9500), does it make sense to hedge my mutual fund position by selling NIFTY futures?
A stock has the same fixed date for stock split (1:2) and bonus issue (2:1). What does it mean? Is it worth investing in?
How do sinking fund provisions differ from normal bond provisions?
In SAP Finance certification, what are the differences among C_TS4FI_1610, C_TS4FI_1511, and C_SSF_1503?
We are a debt fund that provides growth capital to SaaS companies. How do we identify bootstrapped companies that do not want to give up equity?
Who will decide the share price of the company?
How can I get the remaining amount from a provident fund?
What is the impact of the “Shrinking Alpha” on quantitative trading?
What is the likelihood that a private equity firm, in a minority investment, will exercise their drag-along right against the wishes of management?
Is it true that George Soros indirectly funds the Huffington Post as well as organizations like La Raza?
Did James Comey work for Bridgewater, a hedge fund described as a "cult," just before he was chosen as FBI chief?
Can a Filipino fund his account in Poloniex and how?
Is a midcap fund equity-oriented or debt-oriented?
What are the differences between a nominated bank, advising bank, negotiating bank, reimbursing bank, and confirming bank?
How are the rates of rupee vs dollar fixed and regulated?
Which is the best mutual fund for 2017?
What are some characteristics of the different types of expenditures?
What makes a strong income statement and balance sheet?
How do I buy mutual funds from an SBI demat account? What is the best demat account to buy/maintain mutual funds in India?
What is the difference between profit booking and market correction?
Where can I find data for a study on bond market crashes (bond price quotes and option put quotes)?
What does it mean when an owner says they will finance at 25% down, 6%, with a 5 year balloon and I get to pick the amortization?
What is the best way to financially help someone?
What are some research topics in accounting and finance?
What are the different ways to determine projected earnings growth of a company?
A bank will lend 80% of $10 million required to purchase a business. Aside from my talent to run it, what should I offer an investor to put up the other $2 million?
Are equities (stocks, specifically) on a balance sheet stated in value at their issuance or their current value?
What is the importance of financial analysis for a new venture?
Which is better, Indian School of Business and Finance or St. Xavier’s, Bombay?
What is rebalance in a mutual fund?
Why do companies invest in the stock market?
Why are most traders so bad at risk management?
What courses will help credit underwriters in the financial sector?
Where can I find an Excel template that I can use for a financial consolidation, budget and planning?
If farmers who borrowed money from banks could not pay them back due to crop failure and for other reasons, should their loans be waived?
What is better, paying a home loan by adding more money to the principal and getting rid of the debt or using the extra money in stocks, mutual funds, etc.?
Are the government bonds bought by foreign investors different from the local investors?
Should I go for an MBA or an M.Fin after undergrad if I want to be a financial analyst on Wall Street?
Are there any basic short-term financial course so as to be able to invest wisely, like in shares, mutual funds or policies?
What kind of financing can I obtain if I have a AAA-rated off-take agreement?
What are the differences between these positions: CFO, controller, director of internal auditing, treasurer and a vice president of finance?
Is it possible to transfer USD out of the Kraken cryptocurrency exchange?
Is it possible to get into finance with a PGDM-Finace degree 2015-17 placed into an IT company with a BA role and a prior experience in IT too?
What do you mean by variable reserved ratio?
What is the best idea to invest short term $2,000?
What is the historical data of a company’s bond being liquidated? What is the process of this?
Is it more profitable to go into engineering or finance?
What is the scope for a guy with a PGDM in finance currently working as a BA in an IT firm if he wants to switch to finance?
As an accounts payable executive, what extra courses can I do which can help me in building my career in finance?
Is there an association exclusively dedicated to multifamily asset managers?
How reliable are companies’ financial reports?
How or where does one buy junk bonds?
Are there bubbles that are not stock market, gambling or loan related but could lead to financial or even personal or human disasters?
What do you mean by government finance?
How do you securely manage your investments online?
Are a company’s financials public?
What is the salary of a stock trader?
I am 19 years old and I will be a junior in Northern Illinois University's accountancy program. What advice do you give?
How do you give a company's revenue numbers authority?
Did Ray Dalio's risk-parity all-weather strategy perform poorly during the 1970s, given the high inflation and the large long-term Treasury allocation?
What is the future of an MBA graduate in banking and finance with an experience in the BPO industry?
What is the negative impact of interest to the society?
Which is the best direct mutual fund Robo-advisor in India?
What is the unit for repo rates (e.g., per annum, per month, etc.)?
What is the difference between face value and purchase price for a bond?
When a bond professional tells you that Bond X is selling for the constant maturity comparable plus 120 basis points, what does that mean?
How can I withdraw money from my HSA account if I have invested it in mutual funds?
How do sukuk, or Islamic bonds, comply with Islam given that Islam forbids paying an interest?
What causes interest rates to change?
What does a perfect deal room look like? My company is setting up a deal room for private equity firms where it can have access to companies.
What does it mean if a stock exchange operator is "demutualized"?
What is the best way to allocate 1 lac INR to India's debt & equity markets, etc.?
How is an equity analyst different from a fixed income analyst?
Is Communist China charging interest of 17% per annum to Pakistan for its investments? Does charging such a high interest rate fit into the realm of communism?
What is the concept of a forward market intervention by the central banks?
How do I prepare for OBC bank specialist officer professional portion (finance)?
What are the best books to increase my skills in Finance?
What is the effect of interest rates on industry?
Can a purchase of a company recording negative cash flow lead to the tax reduction of a buyer?
Should I got to the University of Texas and get an economics degree (with minor in Finance) or go to Texas A&M and get a Business degree in Finance?
Is the financial sector a parasite to society?
Which fund should I choose- Franklin India High Growth Companies, Kotak Select Focus Fund or ICICI Prudential Value Discovery Fund?
What is the best way to turn $100 into $500?
One of my friends died at a young age, and his family don't know what his financial situation was. How do we check his accounts and other assets?
Do you consider Liverpool city as a top location taking in consideration risk/return and capital growth potential?
What is credit risk management?
How does the calculation of WACC (Weighted Average Cost of Capital) for a bank differ from, let’s say, a chemical or any other company?
Would you advise someone to invest in government security bonds?
What are some must kmow terms in banking?
Will Germany accept Macron's ambitions for the completion of the banking union, a eurozone finance minister and the issuance of joint bonds?
What are the basic terms used by regular traders?
Did you wrote about managing cost of capital, return on capital, growth and how they are all interrelated?
What according to you is the best way to invest? Should one go for options, equity or commodities?
What is share buyback?
Why don't we add long term debt to free cash flow?
What is the Black-Scholes price?
What is a memorandum balance sheet?
Is it in a bank's interests to have its customers financially successful?
Which is a better option - CFA or MBA in finance?
What is the meaning of stylized facts in finance?
How much do we need to transfer for a new Demat account ? Can I transfer 1000rs?
How can I invest 100,000 RS in mutual funds for a period of 1 year? What are the return chances?
Will an internship at a hedge fund make my college application stand out?
What is the scope of financial market management at the UG level?
What are the biggest pains of managing digital assets?
What kinds of services do private equity firms hire strategy consulting firms for?
Do I have to offer dividends when issuing equity to investors?
What characteristics does a healthy income statement have?
How do you enter into the field of finance, being from a non-finance background?
What is the best way to invest 5 lakh rupees in stock markets in India—could it be intraday trade, mutual funds, etc.?
Is it worthwhile to get an MBA from a top business school if I already have an MS in Finance?
What are some applications of the financial risk management?
If an asset account has a credit balance, it is automatically considered as abnormal account?
Can closed-end funds raise money through banks by using their shares as collateral? Are there any other mechanisms available?
How do I arrange finance for any startup?
What is the NPV method of financial management?
Are there still stock brokers?
Where can I find the amount of outstanding consumer debt, listed by biggest bank in descending order?
Why would any company prefer to do a rights issue?
If one wants to work for a large investment bank, is it a bad idea to take an internship at a small (not great) wealth manager as an analyst?
How do I invest in government bonds?
What are the perks of being in BCG financial + non-financial?
How do I get an internship while doing an MBA in finance?
Which are the best courses offered in MS finance in order to get into investment banking functions?
Is it common that investors ask for total investment amount and debt/equity ratio for project evaluation before entering into NDA?
How can I find silent investors to provide financial support and assistance for my music?
How is a rental yield similar to a PE ratio?
What are some tips for building a sustainable career as an annual report photographer?
In the context of Indian economy, what is the difference between small finance and micro finance?
If the federal reserve could loan unlimited amounts of money to the US government, then why are many Republicans against government spending?
How does the UN earn funding and financial support to keep this organization running well?
How do I determine the control percentage when preparing consolidated financial statements, if a subsidiary is a partnership firm?
Are profesional finance qualifications better than academic finance qualifications?
What happens to the mortgages of home owners when they receive a "bad loan"? Did people lose their homes because of debt or the lack of an agreement?
How long it takes a sum of money to double itself at 12% simple interest rate?
What are the different career options in banking sector?
What is “ATC” in banking?
Should I sell my mutual funds SIPs units, and if so, when?
Why are more people enrolling in the CFA even though finance jobs are being automated away?
Can the liquid mutual fund amounts be considered as the proof of funds for the PNP program or does it have to be bank statements, FDs, RDs?
How can a beginning CEO start their financial company in Manhattan on Wall Street if they are willing to invest $400k into their company?
How intense are the economics and finance programs at the University of Bristol?
What is free cash flow hypothesis?
What is a rights issue exactly?
Should I sell part of my mutual fund’s SIPS units when the market is high, or should I let it remain for better returns?
What investment requires a lot of capital but offers a high rate of return?
What would happen if even 5% of Indians became vegans?
What should I choose between marketing or finance?
What is offer for sale & how does it affect the company?
How can a guaranteed investment offer a higher return compared to a corporate bond?
Are different industries (e.g. financial vs retail) targeted with different, specific phishing attacks?
What is captured in a price to NAV ratio that is not captured in the WACC?
How do mortgage backed securities improve balance sheet ratios?
How does promoter share pledging work exactly?
What is "front running" in financial markets?
What are good reasons to have no limits or restrictions on campaign finance?
Can I invest all my savings in different types of mutual funds (DEBT, largeCap, Midcap), or I have to go with FD?
Is a master’s programme mandatory if an MBA holder wants to go for a PhD in finance or economics abroad?
How do I come out of a financial crisis without investing any additional capital?
What measures can foreign bond-holders of defaulted sovereign bonds such as Puerto Rican bonds take given that local laws are unenforceable?
How is my internal rate of return equal to my cost of capital, but NPV is positive?
What are importance of financial markets in an economy?
What would be the liability of the shareholders if the dividend they received was later proven to have been obtained from an illegal revenue source?
How do stock traders predict short term volatility from daily info and technical analysis?
What should I look for in an income statement?
Why does no one “unmask” Tai Lopez?
I have already invested in regular mutual funds. How can I switch to direct mutual funds?
How is the P/E ratio counted? How can one find out if a company is growing?
Which mutual fund is the best in small cap or multi-cap funds if I want to invest 2k per month?
Can I analyze sell-outs using (peak-low)- (peak-close) as a good approximation?
What are the advantages of using Sharekhan brokerage for mutual fund SIP over banks?
When will you sell a bond with a discount?
What are India's most debt-ridden companies?
I am a Chattered Financial Analyst. After this I am planning to pursue dual MBA in finance and marketing. Will this be a good move?
How is it to switch a career from a role in finance company to a technical company in India?
Which sector mutual fund will be the best bet for the next 1 or 2 years?
Why do oil companies often have a higher dividend rate than the earnings per share?
How much accounting do I need to know for a degree in finance or a career in investment banking?
What do investors think about Snap's first earnings call / report?
What will be the future of discretionary trading (in comparison with the dominance of quant funds)?
How do I find the debt to equity ratio with these inputs?
How do we evaluate investment purpose & investment horizon?
Have banks artificially inflated house prices by providing loans? Without loans they'd be cheaper, right?
How can a retail investor having a corpus of 50k-1lakh INR start investing in Private Equity?
Are VPNs/proxies useful in preventing credit fraud?
Will taking the Series 7 help me get a job in trading or in investment banking?
Why does a small company need to prepare a financial report?
Will workers in the finance industry be replaced by AI (machine learning)?
How do I register bonds with SEC?
Is retail arbitrage illegal? If so, what are some ways to prevent getting in trouble from retail arbitrage?
Why should a non-financier learn finance?
What are the designations in the field of investment banking and their meaning?
How would you make money with a time machine?
Which is better for a long-term investment, Geojit or Zerodha?
What are the best pieces of financial advice that will make me a millionaire?
Is it economically possible to end world poverty?
What would the pros and cons of a consumption-based taxation system be vis-a-vis the current production-based one?
If I have a small LLC business and I have different shareholders investing at different times, how do I calculate their returns?
Which sector is likely to grow if the metal sector falls?
I'm a business graduate from a Swedish university and I want to work in investment banking in NY. What can I do?
On an appraisal document for a finance department, what objective do I need to set that are measurable and achievable within an appropriate timeline?
How organized is your life financially, and can you give me advice to become financially secure?
What is the “pro rate” to calculate interest on capital?
What has been your experience in assessing the viability of smart contracts becoming financial instruments?
What if we are quite perplexed regarding our career in terms of financial outcomes?
What can an undergraduate student majoring in economics/finance do to have an advantage over other students?
What are the best ways to make >10% annual interest rate on an investment (as a non-USA resident)?
Why are major brokerage firms suggesting alternative investments in client portfolios?
What is the best way to become a finance manager, doing an MBA (finance), completing a CA or is there another method?
What are the most successful or respected African American hedge funds?
If an account balance is below zero, can money still be wired into it?
Which is an unbiased web site for mutual fund ratings?
Which firm in the financial capital of India (Mumbai) can help medium-sized enterprises with M&A?
What are the top blogs that top hedge fund managers read?
What was the financial scam in the movie The Accountant?
How does the Fedwire funds and automated clearing funds service work?
How do I calculate the WACC for banks and manufacturing companies?
How do you calculate an amalgamation balance sheet?
What is the purpose of financial innovation?
Can Vanguard further decrease the cost ratios of their passively managed funds by utilizing machine/AI/automatic trading?
Would the stock market be profitable long-term if all humans started investing?
Do I have a shot at working in the US for an Asset Management firm coming from Asia?
Why is it that there is such a discrapency between the interest rates that different banks give for high yield savings account?
I want to invest 1000 rs p.m. in an equity mutual fund for 20 years. Which mutual fund would be best for this purpose?
How do you speculate in a market that is in a bubble?
How do hedge funds use stop losses?
What should be the ideal savings/expenses ratio?
Could the GBP break the 1.3 USD barrier in June 2017 and rally all the way to 1.4 before year’s end?
What is the difference between required rate of return and dividends?
What is a constant yield method of an amortization?
Why did you become proficient in personal finance?
Which is the best bank to take personal loan from at lowest rate?
How do I develop a deeper understanding of the stock market, and basically the secondary market? Please suggest ways to learn more or the names of some good books on finance and economics, etc.?
In which stream of financial selling can we earn more, the banking or non-banking financial sector?
Can a company borrow funds from a bank and distribute it as dividends to shareholders?
Do any business or finance podcasts give valuable information or do they just talk like they know business and finance?
How is private equity calculated?
Are physical assets more important than intellectual assets?
What is a “mid-cap fund” in the case of mutual funds?
From when will the banks be off on every Saturday?
Is implied volatility an estimate of how much the option price will change in relation to stock price changes?
The NAV value of one of the mutual funds(Which i was thinking to invest) in my watch-list has decreased by 7(47 to 40). Should I invest in that now?
Are there any crytocurrencies traded on the Nasdaq?
How do you know which Forex signals provider to choose?
What is the logic behind using the 2 standard deviation in binomial interest rate model for fixed income security valuation?
How do you repatriate offshore funds?
What is something that needs to change/improve industry-wide, in investment banking?
Which courses are done before an MBA in finance degree?
How do I grow my money 15-20% doing long-term stock investments (5-10 years)?
Do stock traders receive a percentage of what they trade if they trade 500 million at once?
In books of accounts, can mutual funds be considered as stocks?
What websites would you suggest to follow Canadian finance, business, and investments?
Are 401Ks a bad deal?
Why are mutual funds better than bonds?
I am 19. Is it right for me to invest in mutual funds?
At UMBC, would you recommend studying in the business/finance field? Also, is the job market good for that major? A lot of people say it is too broad.
What makes for a good P&L statement?
If a mutual fund scheme does not declare any dividends then will the NAV of the growth and dividend option remain the same?
What is the treatment of proposed dividend in a cash flow statement? I need details.
I have a few friends who want me to manage their money and I want to set up a small hedge fund to do this. Are there any legal/other barriers (in UK)?
What kind of path is there for someone who doesn't possess math skills but wants to pursue a graduate degree in a finance related field?
How do I finance short sales? There are properties that I need full cash payments for. Is there a way to finance these homes in order to purchase more at once.
What career prospects are there to pursue a PhD in finance?
Is the completion of CA enough to enter the investment banking industry?
Do you know about any one-year part time diploma courses in banking and finance, or investment banking for one year in Delhi?
What's the maximum rate of interest in an NBFC bank in India?
If hedge funds or big institutions can manipulate the market, why don't they get caught by the FBI?
Is investing in liquid funds a wise idea?
How do websites create a cash flow?
What are the best mutual funds in India to invest in 2017 for 3-4 years?
How did margin debt work before the crash of 1929?
How is the float rate of a stock determined?
Which are the best courses in MS finance in order to get into investment banking function?
Which one should I choose, MSc in Banking and Finance at King’s College London or MSc in Finance and Management at Cranfield?
What are SARB impacts on the financial services sector?
What is behavioral finance and what is its scope?
Which dealer or shop in Dehradun offers an RO water purifier through Capital First Finance?
Why do long-term Treasuries and gold shoot up at the same time during a flight to safety, given that both are contradictory inflationary plays?
Which company offers internships in Chandigarh for MBA finance students?
What is the difference between returns and allowances?
I’m a finance professional (IB + private equity) moving to an early-stage startup in a COO/lead business development role. How can I best prepare myself to excel?
In what manner can discount rates affect the economy?
Can we depreciate all fixed assets? I mean all, starting from PCs till furniture. Why yes or why no?
What do they mean when they say “Investors poured money into a certain stock?” Are they referring to volume or market cap increase?
What are the consultancy services offered to financial institutions and what problems do they address?
What is the difference between government audit and statutory audit?
Will the House pass the Financial Choice Act this month?
Is it not mandatory for financial institutions to announce the MCLRs and to reset the floating rate of interest for home loans?
What is the role of mutual funds in India?
In order to begin investing in the stock market, should I do a course on technical analysis? Will it really help me in picking the right stocks?
What does it mean to "follow the markets"?
What is contingent interest and difference to defensible interest?
Is it better to invest in mutual funds or property in Pakistan?
How is a mutual fund’s NAV calculated?
As an international student, how would you compare an MBA finance from Denmark, in terms of job prospects, to prior to having that?
Is a large derivative market beneficial for society?
What caused the financial crisis?
How does a debt on a balance sheet go away?
Did the hedge fund manager take copious notes on your trading strategy when you had your interview with him?
How do I start an online platform for stock and mutual fund trading in India?
Is the HDFC Prudence Mutual Fund with a monthly dividend a good scheme to invest in for the long term? Do they provide 1% for the long term?
What is the semiannual compounding yield to maturity on par bonds? What about the yield to maturity with continuous compounding?
What is a book or a course for companies working capital and cash flow management?
What is the best way to manage your finances and savings?
What are trade-related investment measures?
Which country is best for traders?
What are easy newspapers for graduates aspiring finance?
How does a company use my money invested in equity?
Does the NCFM module, which is given by NSE after registration, contain formulas for solving numerical problems like derivatives, mutual funds, brokerage, etc.?
What does Gordon Miller think about a financial system without interest? Would we as humans be this advanced if we had a no-interest financial system?
Sensex is at all time high. Is it the right time to invest in mutual funds?
I am in NYC, with an advanced business degree, running out of savings fast. How can I find a summer job ASAP? (not waiting table kind job)
What are my odds of getting into a top MS/MSc finance program?
Is Sensex’s rise related to the availability of more money with fund managers rather than the growth of companies?
Which MBA stream is better for a female, HR or finance?
What is algo trading and how does it work?
Is buying Bordeaux En Primeur wine still a good investment?
How does money increase in the economy of a country that suddenly dug up a lot of oil reserves and starts selling it?
How will the role of an RM in banking change due to the digitalization of the financial sector? Will we see many jobless RMs?
Should I save for an emergency fund or start investing in mutual funds?
During IPO bidding, where is the blocked amount of investors stored until shares have been allocated to them?
What are the financial objectives of any organization?
If we require funds can we get private funds from someone else?
Is a bet for Berkshire Hathaway a bet against technology?
What is the best financial advice you have ever received?
What are some jobs available for electrical students at Power Finance Corporation?
What effect does decreasing CAD have on mutual funds?
Is a broker necessary to invest in Indian stocks?
What were people's reactions when you told them you're a full-time trader?
Are there any mutual fund in India which are giving more than 20% return continuously for more than 5 years?
Which MBA specialisation is better - finance or marketing?
What assess a sellable asset value?
How do I set up my own auto-trading system for the Indian stock exchange?
How do I maintain an investment account?
Are there any good cryptocurrency mutual funds or ETFs?
Why are some central banks adopting negative interest rates?
What are cash dividends on a balance sheet?
What is the difference between cash credit and working capital demand loan?
How can we start finance business?
To what extent digitalization can commoditize M&A advisory?
Can anyone elaborate the difference between Money bill and Finance bill?
What are your views of IFCI stock?
How are hedge funds different from other securities?
Why do promoters of successful companies sell their stake?
Is getting a job at Google in finance as hard as it is for coding/engineering?
How and why is debt sold?
How did Gordon Miller start investing in private equity?
Financial Statement Analysis: What characteristics does a healthy income statement have?
What are good thesis topics in finance combined with data science?
What were the causes of the global financial crisis? How might such a crisis be prevented from happening again?
Which has more job opportunities and career growth, MS in Finance or MBA in Finance? Which is more harder?
What are fake bonds?
What is a very profitable long term investment for a teenager and why?
Are Ripple, Nem and Stellar just Pump and Dumps, Ponzis or outright scams?
Why does a rise in the price of bonds cause the interest rate to fall?
Is NPS tier 2 is a good alternative to mutual funds?
Is mutual fund investment a safe option for beginners in trading?
What kind of people are best-suited for business/finance/management careers?
I’m having many business ideas in various fields, but no money, not even to survive properly. What should I do to get the money to start work on some ideas?
What do you think will happen to cryptocurrencies in the event of a financial crisis? Are there any correlations established so far?
What is the difference between reflux ratio, vaporization ratio, and relative volatility in binary distillation problems?
Which is the best PG course for a textile technologist?
What will be the impact of shifting the financial year from April-March to January-December on the economy?
Which Debt/Equity Ratio do you use when calculating WACC?
What is the best financial software for a back office among Misys Summit, Calypso, K+TP, etc.?
Is the Bayesian hierarchical model useful in the industry or finance?
Why don't banks follow the base rates that are set by the government?
What are the things to be considered for starting an asset management firm in India?
How good is the B.Com. Banking and Finance course at Jain University, Bangalore?
What is harder between finance and economics?
How should I plan my career if I aspire to be a hedge fund manager or an investment banker?
How can I take loan to do trading in Indian stock market? What's the eligibility, limits, payback period, Interests, pros and cons of taking loans?
How do stock traders predict volatility from stock fundamentals and technical analysis?
Which will be better for me if I am weak in the theoretical part, an MBA in international business or an MBA in finance or operations?
I’m currently an MC analyst with Accenture in the US. I want to work in investment management (Asset management, PE, IB). Should I take the CAIA or CFA?
Which are the most successful stock market investment stories?
What is the stock Nifty’s trading strategy?
What's a good asset allocation given current (mid-2017) asset levels?
Can veterans get loans?
I would really appreciate your guidance. I have done a PGDMB in finance. However, I am keen to do a PhD in management. What is the procedure?
Why are the CWAs and CS not given the authority to conduct statutory audit in India?
What is a good volatility trade for limited but expendable cash?
Where can I get the analysis of mutual funds for investment?
What is the US’s current real interest rate?
Is London the financial capital of the world?
If you were placing an intrinsic value on an Ethereum coin as if it were a stock, what model would you use?
What are the ways that a company can defraud its creditors?
In terms of the finance sector, which institute is better, Harvard or INSEAD?
How can I get an internship at a private equity firm in high school?
What are some internships to prepare me for a career in private equity?
How can I get finance for my running business to expand?
How can I invest in mutual funds? What is the step by step process?
What is a sellable asset value?
Why do banks charge for rewriting interest rates for an existing loan?
How financially stable are you?
Is FinTech a good industry for startups?
What's the median package at JBIMS for an MSc in finance for top 10 students (in a batch of 30)?
Is Agora Financial UK Ltd. legit?
How did the collapse of the United States housing market in 2008 contribute to a worldwide recession?
Why is it important for an accountant to learn financial institutions and markets?
Does the volatility of a stock or asset affect the commission that a broker charges?
Given the good results and a low P/E ratio, what is your view on Karnataka Bank for the long-term?
How are mutual funds managed by the fund managers?
Are the percentage of returns declared by mutual funds on their unit face values or their NAVs?
What is the meaning of arbitrage?
Would someone with a political mindset excel at business-type subjects such as business, marketing, accounting and finance?
What would happen if everybody in India invests in mutual funds?
Why do economics/finance/accounting textbook like to use airline industry examples?
What were the factors that led to the creation of the bond rating industry, given that there is no similar counterpart for stocks?
What is a common reporting platform? What is the threshold limit after which Indian financial institutions report income to foreign institutions?
What makes a healthy balance sheet?
What are the types of investment?
Why is Yahoo’s financial data download not working?
Which European countries impose financial transaction tax on stocks?
What is date saving in mutual funds?
What is a financial company?
Could the bid-ask spread be negative?
What are capital management services?
How does global elections and their results affects Foreign Exchange Reserves?
What are some good books regarding financial education and that could prove useful for potential future investments?
Is funding from the World Bank considered foreign capital?
How do growth and market cap contradict?
What is the view of finance as a banker and financial analyst?
What is the general risk allocation in a portfolio?
Can the balance of an asset on a standalone basis be more than the balance on a consolidated basis?
If portfolio managers think the market will go down, how do they mitigate the risks by hedging?
Which is the better college, FMS IRM in Jaipur or SKIPS in Ahmedabad for an MBA in finance?
Why doesn’t Gordon Miller sell his companies for $50m and let them compound at a 10-20% interest rate?
What is a twin balance sheet problem?
Why is depreciation a credit item in a trial balance?
Why don’t banks follow the base rates set by the government?
How much does ETMoney take for providing the platform for investing in mutual funds?
Is there any bank that offers a non-secured loan for higher studies?
Is a look at the P/E ratio of a company enough for a beginner to buy a share, or does it throw a light on the decision to buy?
Can great wealth be made from business alone or is investment required?
How does one find a mentor in value investing?
I want to buy index funds. Are there any European online trading platforms that allow you to buy index funds?
Is a gilt fund a liquid fund or a debt fund?
What are Ali AlShamsi's thoughts on "Good traders can take a bad strategy and still make it work" in regards to trading?
The NAV value difference for growth and dividend plans is more than double for a particular mutual fund scheme. How should I understand this?
Do you know what are the most influential journals in financial audit and management control?
Why do companies pay dividends?
Where do mutual funds recruit in India?
Are compound interests still a viable option given that the current interest rates are as low as 0.5% on an 18-month restricted deposit?
What Vskills certification is the best in terms of pursuing an MBA in Finance?
In the United Kingdom, are banks mandated to hire external counsel on loan transaction/deals?
For an American who makes $500k a year, how much of that do they get to keep after taxes?
What should I do to get an accounting or finance related job in the Indian Defense Services? I have PG, CS and CA degrees in hand.
What is the difference between bond energy and bond formation?
Is it fair to say that the UK government actively promotes London as a financial capital, while the US government doesn't care as much about NYC?
How can I get investments in my business through private equity investors in India?
Why are India's derivative markets settled in cash instead of delivery? Which is better?
Why is the Glenmark share price falling so rapildy?
Is it a good idea to use APV instead of DCF for stocks?
If the earnings call is tomorrow, what are the indicators today that a stock may go up or down?
Who is looking for a social platform to generate monthly cash flow?
Chinese people has a low experience in private lending and borrowing, how about the private finance activities in your country?
When interest rates rise, do stocks usually go up or down?
Is this data science major good to go for? If so, should I major in it with finance or accounting?
Which mutual Fund is best for SIP of Rs,5000 for 10 years?
Which financial instrument (including derivatives) has the highest trading volume in the US markets?
Is the value of the MBS and CDO markets limited to the amount in loans that exist? Credit Default Swaps don't have this limit do they?
How much can I invest in a fund house in a year?
What is the best way to double my money quickly?
How did Iceland letting its banks fail impact its recovery from the financial crisis?
How scalp trading is done? And what indicators are being used for the same?
What is meant by a fixed charges coverage ratio?
Why is the silver market so volatile as compared to the gold market?
Why did the stock price of Edelweiss Financial Service fall today?
How are job prospects different in finance vs accounting?
What formula gives odds required for break even given a strike rate and percentage of bank bet?
How can I convert my auto registration to "commercial" when my loan finance company says, "no"?
Which mutual fund is best for higher returns with a higher risk in the next two to three years?
What is the standard expenditure audit process?
Which bank has lowest interest rate for education loan & what are requirements for taking loan up to Rs 30 lakhs?
What metrics are used to determine if a government is allocating capital effectively?
How can one understand the intrinsic value of a company and its products just from reading their financial statements?
Is JIIT in financial trouble?
What ICT skill would be valuable next to a finance study?
Where can I practice Financial statements online from scratch?
How do I check if any company is debt free or not?
Can I go for CS after MBA finance?
Do any hedge funds make markets like a prop shop? Why not? Who are the top providers of tick/volume data, or any other trading data?
Where can I find old analyst reports?
Do mutual fund companies in India have their own fund managers? And if they do it through third party agents, is it safe?
Why are assets and expenses debited, and liabilities and revenue credited?
What are examples of the impact of the financial market on the growth and behavior of businesses?
What are some good dividend paying mutual funds?
What are the mathematics topics used when studying for an MBA in finance in India?
Was there a global conspiracy behind the 2007-2008 stock market crash?
For a master’s in management, should I specialize in finance?
How can I choose between accounting and finance and economics and finance?
I own a little micro finance business and want to improve my knowledge and management of the credits what should I do?
Which is better, loaning against a fixed deposit or paying the full amount without a loan?
Can we use information that is available from the stock exchanges for a YouTube channel that imparts knowledge about finance or is getting their prior approval required?
What if financial institutions stipulated that prospectuses should be approved by them?
How feasible is it to go from an investment analyst intern to work in Amazon's finance department?
How will depreciation of vehicle affects its worth?
Considering that I am young and have zero liabilities - how do I become rich investing in equity and mutual funds?
Is it true that passive managers outperform active managers?
Is it a good idea to found a startup for financial independence?
Trading - What is pair trade in stock market?
Which are the best universities for MBA (finance) in Germany?
What does the company you work for do in financial markets?
How can a CA fresher enter in the field of investment banking?
How can bad debt expense values be used for determining the financial health of a company?
Which debt to equity ratio should I use for a weighted average cost of capital in this case?
Can I use Go Fund Me to raise money to buy traffic to my website?
What does the average day for a trader look like?
What is the difference between uncovered and covered interest rate parity?
What is an appropriate rate of return on a business purchase?
For a layman, how do I find out when is the fiscal year and quarters of a listed company?
I completed my MBA in finance and I had an interest in an SAP course. Which one is better?
If the average global annual inflation rate is 2.78%, and stocks increase by 5.3% globally annually, where does the other 2.52% come from?
Why do interest rates affect investment levels?
What will be the effect of interest rates for home loans, if a war is started?
What would be a good theme for an MSc thesis in equity evaluation methods: accounting versus finance analysts?
Why do private equity firms hire strategy consulting firms?
What is an MS finance?
Which major should I choose in order to excel financially in the future, supply chain management or finance? I need advice.
What are your thoughts on the Trump Comey scandal?
How can I diversify my income now at 28 into small, medium and high risk investments?
How can a 62-year-old person attain financial freedom?
How much funds are required to start one’s own finance firm?
What is the formula for rate of return?
How to calculate the expected Return of the market?
What basis should I take to calculate my return on investments in FMCG business?
Is the recession back in Indian IT in the financial year of 2017?
Does the Indian government also bail out private banks in case of solvency issues?
What's the finance industry like in Italy?
Does industry prefer articleships in statutory audit or risk advisory?
What are the best intrinsic value funds in US? (similar to Berkshire Hathaway)
Which course is better MBA (finance) or ICWA?
What are the benefits of equity investment in our country?
If you view a corporation as a fund, does C-suite compensation at an F500 do better than 2 and 20?
How can I achieve the level of an average PhD in economics or finance?
How is Apple more valuable than Intel?
Does capital punishment exist for financial crimes in the United States? Should it?
What are registration charges, annual charges and other charges for SBI Mutual Fund?
Last year, Third Point (hedge fund) made a big deal about hiring a data chief (Matt Ober). What do people in the quant industry think of this guy?
Who should be considered primarily responsible for financial bubbles, lenders or debtors?
Where can I learn about the ins and outs of financing a business without pursuing an MBA?
What should I do to grow to higher positions and achieve big in my profession as a finance analyst?
What is the average commission rate for financial planners?
Why do financial models fail?
What types of Business Intelligence reports do banks require to operate on a daily basis?
How many websites sell mutual funds in India?
How do banks decide to sanction loans?
What are salient features of fixed deposits?
What would happen to the stock price of a listed company if the only asset it possessed was a short position on its own stock? Assume the law allows this.
Who insures the loans given by banks?
What's it like to go out at night as a banker?
How do government bonds function?
Is the debt-to-equity ratio generally less than or equal to the debt-to-asset ratio?
What is the NNP with relation to capital depreciation?
As of 22/5/2017, why has Bitcoin surged to an all-time high despite the recent WannaCry ransomware cyber attacks?
Who manages the finance management of the IPL?
What is the best plan to invest in mutual funds for beginners?
How do I calculate the USD exposure of a company, based on the snapshot of the assets that the company owns? Is the company below over-hedged?
What were the UN financial crises?
Is there a good resource to calculate total return of a mutual fund over a particular timeframe?
What’s the value of the bond. Should it be bought? What is its yield at maturity?
How can I come out from financial depression?
How do we measure international liquidity?
What is meant by statutory audit?
What are some businesses I can start in high school that revolve around asset management/finance?
How much interest do you have in Microsoftoffice2016?
How is probability calculated in CAPM problems?
If I buy mutual funds through online, when can I sell it?
What is a good way to invest €50,000, besides real estate, funds, shares, and bonds, with an investment horizon of 10-20 years and a moderate risk tolerance?
Does long-term investing in India have any risks? If yes, what are they? What are the ways to nullify the risk involved?
How do I sell internationally without losing money on currencies exchange rates?
Would it be a good strategy to pick stocks by looking into funds’ asset allocation?
In the Indian market, which is the best mutual fund for a tax saver to invest in, during F.Y. 2017-18?
How can the balance sheet be balanced if a company takes out a loan?
Which is the best mutual fund that gives a maximum return in India?
Do negative interest rates tell us there's something seriously wrong?
Should employers integrate employee personal finance initiatives into their talent management strategy?
How do I start an online platform for stock and mutual fund trading in India? What registrations are required?
Theoretically, if the interest rate is 10% compounding quarterly, but I only invest in 2 months, then withdraw from it, will I get any interest?
What are the different types of cashflow finance available to SMEs in the UK?
Which method of accounting is used to prepare consolidated financial statements using TALLY?
What skills does Gordon Miller believe is required for a successful career in finance?
How does a hedge fund buy stocks in a large volume without increasing the stock price?
What does NDR mean in business analysis or finance?
Can a person with a small amount of capital, e.g. $100, earn money through day trading?
Why do we need people with the CFA with robot advisors taking over our finances?
Would an MBA in finance after a bachelors in accounting and marketing be beneficial?
What is the difference between "Re-investment" and "Payout" in a mutual fund?
Why are non-cash expenses added in earnings for a debt service while calculating a debt service coverage ratio, and not in the case of an interest coverage ratio?
Where can I find professional reports or papers about finance and economy without googling them?
How do new startups get financed?
What's so bad about big banks?
What is the main difference between capital reserve and reserve capital?
What sources did Ali Alshamsi use to learn about financial markets?
What does a private equity company look for in the employees (both workers and management) of a target company?
How do I become finance agent in a finance company in Jaipur?
How is the price of supply determined for the banking and financial services?
Is a recurring deposit or fixed deposit acceptable as proof of funds for Canada FSW?
Why do companies provide IPO?
Can a chairman of a company use that company's asset/money for his personal sake?
What is depreciation of money?
How is the life of hedge fund managers?
What are some cheapest educational institutions in Australia for a postgraduate diploma in finance?
What do you think about the future of the asset management business? The evolution of AI is very high. How will asset management companies be changed?
How can I earn in the stock market including in mutual funds as a part-time trader with minimum investment? I am working also.
What are the different kinds of debt instruments which developed in India post liberalization?
What is the best paying entry-level job for a finance student? Excluding rare jobs that only 1 in a million people get.
How does uncovered interest rate parity work?
By the age of 25, are CA CFA FRM good enough qualifications?
Why does covered interest rate parity hold?
Is it possible to compound an investment in an index fund?
Why does the federal government lend to banks in forms of repurchase agreements as opposed to direct loans?
When a bank has a fixed charge on an asset and another has both a floating and fixed charge over the asset of a company, what happens during liquidation?
What tools/methods do you use to manage cash flow?
If a private equity firm is investing in a company from their balance sheet instead of their fund, how can you interpret why they're doing that?
How do you calculate the level of finance needed for a business?
If we know a new financial crisis is coming, what should we do as a trader?
What are the current PhD research topics in Stochastic Process applied in finance?
How do I analyze a mutual fund before investing?
I want to sell my current house to buy a bigger one. Should all the money go into the down payment?
What is the difference between a private equity fund and an equity fund and which one is better for the long term?
What are some good low cost/fee, mid-cap index funds?
What is the best way to learn to do financial modelling for mine planning?
Which cryptocurrency has the fastest rising interest rates?
Why did LIBOR rates hike in October of 2008?
How much does JP Morgan pay at IIM Calcutta for finance, and how much money will one clear after cutting all the bonuses?
What is the risk of foreign exchange?
Why is capital markets bank activity called investment banking?
What are the benefits of majoring in Finance in your bachelor's degree?
What can I do to boost my employability?
How does an SIP in mutual funds across five separate equities work? How would I start?
When a company has a successful past and bright future, do we need to look at the price of its share while investing through SIP?
What is the entry test pattern for a BS in accounting and finance in IBA Karachi?
Do you get finances if you are successful on Quora?
What is the settlement procedure of currency futures in NSE (National Stock Exchange)?
MBA Finance Currently I m working as Trade Finance operations profile & willing to appear for FRM exam & will my previous experience will be useful?
Financial literacy is critical for success, so why do most non-financial business owners avoid accounting and bookkeeping like the plague?
What are some finance uses of logic programming?
Can you tell me whether my understanding of the difference between capital receipt and capital profit, which is explained below, is correct?
Which questions would you ask directly after getting promoted as managing director for a seed investment firm within a family office to reduce risks?
Which is the best mutual fund to invest in Mid-caps?
How is UTD for an MS in finance?
What is the difference between Depository Receipts and P-notes?
I recently received a master’s in IB and economics. I am in my 30′s, with a history in customer service and finance, but hardly any hard skills. What are some tips or suggestions?
What compliance protocols are we required to adhere to when operating an open ended fund while working with foreign investors also?
What are additional documents can one get about a public company other than 10-k report?
Does equipment financing falls within ASC 606?
What does $100 billion in assets mean?
Do you have a copy of an investment fund presentation I can review from Renaissance Technologies, DRW, or Jump?
Why do futures markets exist?
Would you leave your specialist role in finance and take a strategy role at a startup with no equity for half the pay?
What kind of jobs can I get if I do an MSc in Biotechnology followed by an MBA in Finance or Economics?
Are Indian government employees allowed​ to act as an investor and garner equity share and profit in a private firm?
How can I connect my PhD in Finance dissertation topic to the startup world?
What are some best mutual funds and explain me why?
What is the difference between standard deviation and beta?
Has the issuance of the Singapore Savings Bonds by the government forced banks in Singapore to offer higher interest rates for term deposits?
If fix 1500000 with an interest rate ofof 10 percent for 6 months what will be total value after 6months?
How easy is it to find a Finance for a startup in Nigeria?
What are the common errors committed while trading?
After dismissal from a bank, can I get a job based on banking experience without an experience certificate?
Who is the best finance consultant in Mumbai?
How can I calculate a bond's default risk premium?
Do large multinational firms like Google and MS take on debt to raise funds or are their funding needs satisfied through selling shares/liquid assets?
In accounting, what are the rules to determine whether to debit or credit an account?
Can depreciation be withdrawn by the owner?
Is Financial Modelling from EduPristine worth it or not?
What are the most stable/safe high-leverage investments?
What do you mean by “portfolio”? Is it the different kinds of investments you have with different companies all put together? I don't get it.
What is your process for analyzing a company?
When mutual fund managers buy a stock do they buy at the market price or by using a limit?
Which regulated exchanges do I have access to, as an EU citizen living in Mexico, for Bitcoin (BTC), Ripple (XRP) or Ethereum (ETH)?
Is it reasonable to assume that most mutual funds will outperform its benchmark index?
Will Samsung Financing do a hard credit check? Will it appear on my credit report?
Who did the US borrow money from to fund the revolution?
How does quantitative easing affect the exchange rate of a currency?
How much money is invested in mutual funds in India?
What is the optimal AUM for hedge funds?
Is MSc in finance from LBS a good course?
Which mutual fund is good to invest in for 5-6 years? I want to start a SIP with 6K.
Can a MA in International Political Economy (in Warwick for example) lead to a career in finance?
What are the best academic books on finance?
Why do banks make a fuss about lending when they are dependent on you borrowing to survive as a bank?
Why would anyone buy public debt issues with negative interest? Why pay to lend our money?
I am from engineering background. Can I make my career in finance?
Why does the market still use credit ratings when there is credit default swaps to indicate credit risk?
Which tools are the best to manage my businesses cash flow?
What is the difference between the term finance and financial?
What is the best financial advice someone has ever given you?
Is mutual fund high risk?
If no dividends are declared by a mutual fund scheme, will the NAV of the growth option and dividend option be the same?
What does NNA mean in business analysis or finance?
What is the difference between guaranteed investment contracts and any bond?
Can mutual fund investments done for 10 years be withdrawn after 5 years?
Are different industries (e.g. financial vs retail) targeted with different, tailored phishing attacks?
Could I verify/trace my mutual fund investments with a PAN number since I have not maintained any record of my investments?
What will I get if I invest $1000 in 20 years with 4% interest rate?
Is there any alert or other way to find out what new stocks Indian mutual fund houses are buying or increasing the stakes on? I don’t want to check it fund by fund.
How much bigger did the US national debt get following the 2008 stock market crash?
What are the job prospects after getting an MBA in finance?
Is buying a 1995 Mercedes a good investment? (Typical cost is $4000)
Has anyone invested in DHFL Swayamsidha deposit for women?
Do you discuss audit reports with the CEO?
Is there a legal and moral way to make money without providing any value?
What is a “short buildup” in options?
Is it good to have a fixed price with 5-10% margin or let the customers bargain by telling them a rate 40-50% more?
What is the difference between gross and net?
What personality traits are advantageous for Wall Street?
What are the most interesting technologies hedge funds use for short term prediction?
What do professional stock traders think of Tastyworks?
What is drawdown within the context of a loan?
Which are the good institutes providing training on Foreign Exchange Risk Management and Treasury Management in Kolkata or suitable online mode?
What industries, besides finance, will benefit most from the blockchain and how?
How does stock exchange calculate share rates?
How do I start investing in mutual funds using the SBI MF website?
Right now, I am an active equity trader of intraday. What are the benefits for me if I shift to futures or options trading?
What exactly caused the stock market to crash in 1929?
What is mutual fund in India? Is it beneficial?
In which mutual fund can I invest a lump sum of 30,000 INR for just over a year, that has good returns and a moderately high risk?
Which coding language is best for the financial market?
What is meant by investing in stock market or mutual funds? Can anyone explain this in detail?
Is there a financial relationship between the CA board of medicine and the PACE Program at UCSD?
What books must be read for improving financial literacy?
How do I set a stop-loss based on the underlying price on an options credit spread in a trader workstation?
How can I start my own boutique hedge fund?
How should I prepare my CV if I wish to apply for a top financial company like Goldman Sachs or Morgan Stanley after my B.Tech from an IIT?
What are the best Finance and stock books for a 17y old?
Should I cash in a portfolio that returned 25% last year to help pay for college?
What is the best app or site for checking a company’s financial ratios?
Do NGOs prepare accounts on an accrual basis or cash basis under the Companies Act 2013?
When will the Ministry of Finance internship results come out?
Is this the right time to invest in Indian markets? If yes, what are the best stocks to invest in for the short term and and also for mutual funds?
Is it possible to learn finance by oneself by reading books, than going to a B-School?
Which are the platforms where I can get the historical returns of my portfolio?
What is the difference between the true rate and the flat rate in banks and leasing companies, and how is it calculated?
How hard is it to become Associate 3 when you work in investment banking?
Which is the future, quant finance/risk management or data science?
What is a financial problem?
How do I start a hedge fund with 15 lakhs, by trading for other people in their name?
Which is the best way to become a finance manager- by doing an MBA, by completing CA, or by any other method? Which would be the most helpful in the future?
I want to start stock market trading. I know theoretical concepts. How should I start?
Why aren't Treasuries callable like most corporate bonds?
What regulatory organization are you required to register with to start an online stock and mutual fund trading platform in India?
What are ways to become a financial analyst?
What's the possibility of succeeding in business when borrowing from financial institutions?
What's the best risk control system for hedge funds?
In order to create a cash flow projection, is there some way to project using a formula based off of actual data like the past 12 months P&L?
Which CLG is the best for an MBA in finance outside of India?
What are the best books for learning about finance?
Which firms do you recommend to manage one's portfolio? Is it advisable to invest with them?
How did Drexel Burnham get to dominate high-yield bonds in Wall Street in the 1980s given that it was not a big player then?
What is the difference between an actuary and an investment banker? Can one do an investment banking course?
If everyone who invested in the stock market was required to sell at year 10 exactly, what would be the result?
Is it possible for a small entrepreuner to impact the market? All of the problems left seem to require advanced IT or finance degrees.
How do investment banks realize/monetize their profits in IPOs?
Do I want to become a mutual fund agent in India? Which course is best for me?
Why is it important to learn financial institutions and markets?
Which financial institution would give the maximum interest payoff in a year, if I deposit a sum of one crore rupees?
Which should I do first, CFP (certified financial planner) or FRM (financial risk manager)?
What are the best finance job portal abroad from India?
What is the best way to change from a career in Finance to a career in software engineering?
What are the scopes for B.Com. in finance?
How can I invest in Wikipedia?
How can I understand finance and foreign trade easily?
Which mutual fund in India will give the best returns over the next 15 to 20 years?
Pakistan has close to a 204 billion dollar debt, for a 275 billion dollar economy. At what rate is the debt increasing?
How can I organize my checking account like my computer files?
What models are used to forecast operational risk in a bank?
Can I work in finance with a master’s degree in mathematical economics and econometrics? What areas can I work in?
I have $1,000,000 currently. I'm 18 yrs old. How should I invest this 1M to become a billionaire?
Are working capital and operating costs the same thing?
How can you judge the financial performance of Federal Bank last year?
What is arranging finance for a transaction?
Do the banks get interest for CRR or SLR from the RBI?
How do you get the current ratio?
What are the countries where a Financial Risk Manger (FRM) can get jobs?
What will happen if I got rid of my comprehensive and collision? What will my car financing institution do?
What is the man made law to limit the amount of money in circulation? (so, where is the need for financial crisis?)
Does the marketplace generally reward good enough or excellence more?
Which is the best colleges in India for MBA in banking and finance?
Investment bankers: What are your opinions on George Soros?
On what is the world's financial system based that causes so much poverty in the world?
How does the income statement get built?
How can I invest in corporate FDs?
How do I issue a corporate guarantee?
Under which head in a balance sheet does product development cost go?
What is the average return rate for business?
Which mutual fund or stocks are best to invest 25 lakhs income to get more surplus amount in the next 5 years?
Who are the best finance consultants for SME in Mumbai?
Which books should I read to get a glimpse of finance?
How have changes in the economy affected financial planning activities?
Why in the world would an average investor with at least one million want to invest in a hedge fund with the high fees and sub-standard returns?
What is the average trader annual return in a prop trading firm?
Is an Indian resident residing in India required to file returns in the USA on the capital gains and dividend income earned from US stocks even if it is below the threshold limits of taxation?
How can I get an Finance internship at Amazon Hyderabad?
What should be a reasonable operating margin for a vertical online platform/marketplace business (like HelloTech, TaskRabbit or similar)?
Who do you contact in Manhattan to start a financial company on Wall Street if you're willing to invest $1 million?
Has anyone worked with ProBizAdvisor finance firm that deals with debt restructuring, CFO services, funding, and a lot more for SMEs?
Fed up working in SBI as an Associate, should I switch to some private sector job (MBA-finance) or wait for my promotion as an Assistant Manager?
Why do people hold treasury bill with negative interest rate?
If I were to buy an index fund (Nifty 50) at 9,400 today and sell it at 1,400 after 5 years, what would the broker charges, taxes and other charges be?
What is a good mutual fund in India to start SIP?
How can I get investments from private equity investors for my company in India?
What is the best study method for finance students?
How can I make my career in finance domain?
What is the most preferred finance qualification?
What is the process of "trade finance" comparing conventional banking and Islamic banking?
What are the ways to tackle non performing assets?
What should the ideal tracking error be of a portfolio manager having 7% active risk?
Is it feasible to do an LBO on a small business?
Why are pension reserves kept on a US company's balance sheet, making them vulnerable to that company's potential bankruptcy?
How well is machine learning suited to deal with behavioral biases in finance?
Why is residual value divided by the WACC?
How can you test the arbitrage pricing theory (APT)?
How did customers from developing countries pay for goods and services to suppliers from other countries?
What are the types of mutual funds? How can I choose the suitable one for me?
Is it smart to borrow money to pay bills?
What are the chances of getting a banking job/mutual fund ops jobs abroad?
What are the opportunities in banking and finance?
How do hedge funds who have heavily invested into China get money back out of China considering the new capital outflow restrictions in China?
How did London become Europe's financial hub despite the world's highest stamp fee of 0.5% for the London Stock Exchange?
Which 10 nations have the most gold assets as their national financial reserve at this moment?
How long do I have to forecast FCF for a valuation?
What is the asset market approach (regarding exchange rates)?
What are the countries where a Certified Financial Planner (CFPcm) can get a job?
I’m a mechanical engineer with an average academic background, an interest in finance, and a good knowledge of economics. How do I break into a finance firm?
What should I do if I know for sure that there's gonna be a huge stock exchange crash?
What are the best books on personal finance budgeting?
Which is the best mutual fund option for investment?
What is an online book for complete information about mutual funds?
What are shares, bonds, and investments?
What are the 7 reasons why you are financially broke?
How might one get into finance, and is it a profitable career choice?
Why do banks invest in treasury bonds?
How is an M.Sc Finance from NMIS?
Is the capital mobility a positive or negative thing? Which aspects and references exemplify this?
What European banks did the U.S. borrow money from for the Louisiana Purchase?
Why do we deduct non-trade investment in the calculation of capital employed?
What would be the salary of a junior manager finance in RITES?
What is the scope of an MBA in finance for an electrical engineer if he is working in the power sector?
Between a hedge fund manager and an investment banker, who is better?
How are mortgage backed securities, collateralized debt obligations and credit default swaps traded?
Have recent global crises affected the Indian financial system?
What do you learn in a Financial Engineering course?
How can you tell the difference between “Good “ Investments and “Bad” investments?
What happened to bonds that you bought at half their face value?
How does Excellon 5 help with financial capabilities?
What is the book-building process in an IPO?
What is meant by securities premium reserve/account in a balance sheet? How important is it, and what can we analyze with this in a balance sheet?
If a financial derivative is not path-dependent in regards to its payoff, then can it always be priced using the implied volatility surface?
My family was duped into a bad deal & resulted in a deep debt hole. We have no savings, bad reputation & bad business times. What can we do?
Why is there a lack of liquidity in the Indian bond market?
Is it a good time to buy mutual funds today 15th May 2017 or should we wait for a few weeks?
What are some hedge funds that have a very minimal/static page website?
Why does a mutual fund earn decreasing amounts of interest as years increase?
How can Credit Acceptance, an auto finance company, treat customers so horribly but be the "best company to work for"?
Should my son take a joint major in economics and mathematics at UCSD or accounting and finance at Warwick?
How do you actually invest?
What are the short stories about The Beautiful Lie?
What is the function of the Bank of India which is a nationalized bank?
How does ISB fare in the fields of operations and finance management?
Is B.Com accounting and finance useful for a CA?
How do you distinguish whether your results in the stock market are based on luck or skill?
How is the Masters in Finance of Grenoble Singapore campus?
Why does behavioral finance lack an unified coherent theorem or model?
Will a finance degree soon be worthless?
Are there any futures contracts with 1-day terms?
How can a bank engage people to invest more of their surplus cash to mutual funds and shares than normal savings accounts?
Are intangible assets allowed to value a pre-IPO company?
How many mutual funds are there in India at the moment (May 2017)?
What are the ways of minimizing risk and maximizing profit while investing in the stock market?
How do you calculate daily amortization on a loan with variable daily payments?
What's the point of comparing the BVPS to the share price?
How hard is it to find a job in London with an MSc in Theoretical Physics from KCL?
What do you look for when investing in a stock and reading annual reports?
How should I start a compounding interest fund right now?
Is profit booking advisable in mutual funds?
In Google's cash flow statement, what’s the difference between stock-based comp expenses and net payments related to stock-based award activities?
What is a better subject, accounting or finance?
Which short term mutual funds are good?
Are mutual funds still a good option for investment, or are there better and safer investment options available?
What was the interest rates on FD in SBI during 2011-16 yearwise?
What is the best way to access the finance job market in Germany for foreigners?
Why did investment banks crash in 2008 even with their high-tech computer analysis?
What are the various distance learning courses available for a Finance professional in India?
Can I do CFA level 2 during June if I have just finished my degree in May and am awaiting my results?
If FP&A jobs will be commoditized by ML and low wage developing countries, what parellel should I move into that will leverage my MBA and MS-Finance?
What is the new audit report?
How do I track mutual fund activities on a monthly basis?
What is the logic behind making so much money and giving it away, like Warren Buffett has done?
Is there any opening in investment banking in Pune?
Is the www.simplemoney.in website reliable? This website is showing the mutual funds’ consolidation statements.
Did anyone predict the Icelandic banking crisis?
How does selling bonds to private sector financial institutions increase money supply?
What is the average brokerage fee for mutual funds in India?
How do you know if your investment is fairly valued?
What does the financial system consist of?
Which stocks should I start investing?
Where can I find the total assets of Korean banks? The Korean central bank's website lacks the info and is quite outdated.
What initial investment do I use to fund an IRR?
Are there any teen contributed finance and general news magazines?
What banks or funds or similar companies hire experienced finance quants over 50?
How do I manage all these: creating value for others, helping them, time spent, and money to be invested?
Flip or Coursera? Which is bettter for a certification course in banking for an MBA finance student?
What is your view to the Noble Group (CGP) current financial situation? How do you rate its bond value?
What type of options have unlimited risk? Why?
Where can I find all of the basic information about mutual funds and shares?
Should I go with Jagoinvestor financial planners or Edelweiss planners, or is there any better financial planning company/planner?
Is Manappuram Finance a value pick at the level of 90 for a 2-year time horizon?
Is it hard to get a finance job in Chicago as an international student?
How do equity research analyst determine industry growth rate?
How does one learn to understand Bloomberg's articles?
What is the best time to redeem mutual fund?
What are the platforms available through which I can start investing? What are the funds and the monthly or annual plans to be considered?
Why do people still invest in or work for Goldman Sachs when everybody knows that they are evil?
What are the steps to be taken to become financial analyst?
Which is the better option, an unsecured loan or a secured loan?
What technical skill set is required for an MBA finance graduate?
How does Pramod Kumar find stocks for options trading?
Is it necessary to show profit or loss on the sale of a fixed asset as an exceptional item as per AS-5?
Given the market run up, is it a more prudent option to invest in the dividend option of an existing mutual fund?
Is equity investment a gamble?
How tough is it to get into IE business school for doing a masters in finance?
Why do we not deduct prepaid expenses from C assets in the case of current ratios as in quick ratios?
What's the role of trader now in China?
What business can be done today in India with finances of, say, 2 crore?
Why don't financial instutions offer their customers customized monthly statement formats?
How does going long on call options and being short on underlying assets help hedge risk?
Do professional investors really believe in risk-return trade-off? (i.e. one requires higher expected return if standard deviation is higher)
Is education a worthy asset to invest in, with the current high levels of unemployment in my country?
Is the transfer of debt funds to be deducted while calculating the book profit under MAT?
What is the typical career path for an operating partner in private equity?
How valuable is a postgraduate diploma in finance from LSE? Can it land me a job in major IBs?
Intuitively, if I am in the money, why does my delta go down if my volatility goes up?
Are small companies allowed to issue debt securities?
What's the best way to monitor daily personal cash flow?
Do hedge funds hire actuaries and what are their mission in a hedge fund?
Can I do a master’s in finance after a B.Tech?
What is the potential of mutual fund distribution in India?
When has it been mutually beneficial for a private company to make significant investments in developing another country?
Should I learn actuarial science or finance?
What is the best name for a new loan advisor service firm? I want to open a loan advisory firm.
In layman’s terms, what exactly happened in the market crash of 2008?
Is this the right time (May 2017) to invest in mutual funds, as the market is at an all-time high?
Can a candidate with no mathematic background opt for MSC finance in JBIMS?
Which mutual fund or stock can give me highest ever returns in 5 years?
Which industries are historically quickest to recover in the aftermath of a widespread recession?
Is it possible that Target had 25 billion in sales in 1996?
Why wouldn't a millionare create his own bank and borrow from the Central Bank at the lowest possible interest rate?
Is it normal in the business world to get fired the way Trump fired FBI Director Comey for doing his job?
Which college or university would be best for a correspondence MBA in finance?
Which university is best for business and finance, HKUST, CUHK, or CityU?
Can Indians invest thru Prodigy Network?
What kind of financial math should a shareholder know?
What is the simplest way to start investing with high yield returns for a newbie?
How is it to switch from a role in a finance company to a technical profile role in India?
How does private equity work, especially in film and television programmes?
What is the range for investment bankers? Could they become financial innovators who open new departments within the firm they work in?
Which are the stocks that frequently rise?
What are derivative markets?
How is the volatility index calculated (VIX)?
Is the CFA no longer valued now that machines are taking over investing?
What are the best financial books related to Indian market economy?
How does America finance special education?
If a stock can be hedged by long/short futures then why do hedge fund manager use delta hedging?
What financial instruments can potentially double your investment?
As an owner of a company, what should I look for in my company's statement of financial position and income statement?
Do mortgage-backed securities have tranches? How are CDOs related to mortgage-backed securities?
Why do people take the CFA if those who have it generally underperform an index?
What are the highlights of the 14th Finance Commission?
Are children​ assets or liabilities​, in terms of life, reality, finance, and the future​?
Is it good to change an existing SBI home loan interest at the base rate of 9.25% to an MCLR interest rate of 8.80% with Rs. 7,500 conversion charges?
Can mutual funds be considered as stocks?
How can I achieve financial security at age 40? I'm an intelligent woman. Single mom, worked and raised 2 boys. Yet still have nothing financially.
How do you take into account currency volatility in your ARR calculations if selling abroad?
What are the main reasons that prevents Indians to invest in mutual funds?
Why do investment banks always get fined? Are they fined too much or too little?
What is the top growth stock mutual funds?
At what price is it wise to get onboard the ethereum train? Given I will invest to hold for 5 years at least.
What are the criteria to arrive at the judgment that the investment in a particular stock is really a value investment? What is the rule?
What are some of the advice and guidance you would give to hedge fund aspirant?
Which banks are providing education loans without any surety in India?
How do I issue different types & of equity & tranches of debt to investors in my startup?
If the amount of left loan is 200 K and interest rate is 6.5, mature within 10 years, what is the amount to be in the first 3 years?
Why do most traders lose money on Forex?
What is the scope of taking Finance as an elective in Shailesh J Mehta?
Can an MBA who recently joined IT side of a bank switch to banking sector with FRM/CFA certification?
Can quantitative easing increase interest rates instead of its projected outcome of decreasing it as there is greater expectation of future inflation?
What should I know before investing in an IPO in the Indian market, being a trader who is looking for a short term entry for immediate profits?
What are the differences between appreciation and depreciation of rupee?
Why did SEBI make it mandatory for companies to dilute at least 25% of the total ownership?
Where can I get a list of countries available on Google Finance Currency Converter?
What does "buoyant financial markets" mean?
Where can I find free downloadable historical prices of FTSE 100 and FTSE MIB indexes?
What are your options for financing even though a property may be a short sale or forcloesure and requesting cash only?
Does betfair exchange offers financial bets like FTSE or Dow Jones to back and lay?
Which specialization would be better with MBA in Research and Business Analytics - Finance, Operations or Marketing?
What is the additional charge applied by Sharekhan for mutual fund SIP transactions compared to banks?
Which are some of the best colleges for MBA across the world (for finance & marketing)?
What is the rank that will take me to a BSE in finance at NMIMS?
What does an advisory firm do?
How much accounting do you need to know in order to be a Quantitative/Mathematical Finance major? What is the math that is required for this?
What is the best shariah compliant mutual fund in Pakistan to invest in?
If I transfer funds into a brokerage account and those funds remain unsettled, can I immediately use those funds to place a trade?
Why doesn't uncovered interest rate parity hold?
Why is EV/EBITDA less prone to changes in capital structure and accounting standards?
Is there any risk in investing in an SIP mutual fund through Oro Wealth?
Are returns earned from all liquid mutual funds tax-free?
Which mutual fund performance measurement ratios (Sharpe, Sortino, Treynor, information, alpha) best describes its performance?
Where do I find the best research papers on financial markets?
What is meant by financial widening?
What are financial workouts and how can we buy such security today?
What is the oldest bond mutual fund?
What are your thoughts on the following accounting question: What are the factors that go into deciding between cash flow vs accrual accounting?
What is capital revenue ?
As an IPCC student with keen interest in finance, what is the ed-ex or cousera, else any other online courses best suited for me?
What are capital structure weights?
Who are the best operational and financial benchmarking players?
Can a skilled trade business owner like a plumber take home 3 million dollars a year in California?
Is there any job for an MBA (finance) fresher in Dehradun?
Does someone need to lose money for you to gain in stocks or everyone can gain together too?
How many people struggle with financial mindset?
What makes a healthy balance sheet?
Where can I find a list of current S&P 500 companies that are ranked by market cap?
How is the work like in the Operations division at Goldman Sachs in Bangalore?
With the help of different statistical tools, how would you describe/discuss the financial health of a company?
Would it be a perfect hedge if I had a cash index portfolio with a beta of 1.0, and also shorted the SP500 futures with the same nominal value?
How do I get a role which deals with handling finance in TCS?
Can a stock trader receive a percentage of what they trade?
Can a Tally course prove useful for me if I want to pursue a career in finance?
How can a physics undergrad get a job as a trader/quant trader, or anything similar, in the financial industry?
Which are some good financial advisory firms in Mumbai for strategic funding?
Why aren't quant hedge funds and HF trading firms targeted by hackers?
What is the usefulness of a Leased Letter of Credit, bank guarantee, etc.? Can these leased assets be monetized for the purpose of raising funds?
Do originating banks provide individual debtor credit prospectuses for investors to perform due diligence prior to purchasing asset backed securities?
How can India achieve financial inclusion? And how could an entrepreneurial venture help in the same?
Where can I apply my knowledge of finance and economics?
How do you handle finances in your marriage?
What is IRR’s interest on a two-wheeler loan?
Is there any difference between cash deposit ratio and currency deposit ratio?
Are there any financial betting exchanges like Flexihedge?
Is it true that the total investment of all of the projects in OBOR is $1 trillion? If yes, how will China invest/fund such a massive programme?
What do you mean by financial planning?
How is financial statements analysis used in value investing?
What are likely to be the variable costs for an airline, such as Southwest Airlines. Also, what are the fixed costs likely to be?
Which is a better option in financial management: CFA or MS?
How do I get into a private equity firm?
What is the subscribed capital of the member if 16,000,000 shares has a par value of 2000?
What is the salary of an MBA graduate with 4 years of experience in the finance domain, in Bahrain?
Which specialization is better and in demand among marketing, Finance and Operations in Business Analytics?
What are the system functionalities required for a trade & settlement clearing system?
Is it wise to withdraw state retirement funds to invest in stock or other higher yield funds? I will be making a job change and I'm under 30.
How many CPA eligibility credits will I get for MBA in finance and accounting?
What skills do I need to obtain to become a volatility trader at a hedge fund?
With the market at an all-time high and a heavy inflow of money in mutual funds, is it advisable to invest in MF?
How do investment banks and financial firms project future earnings of companies?
If we require funds, can we get private funds for running a company from somewhere even though our company's account is NPA?
How is ICoFP College in Delhi for a finance course? I am a fresh graduate without any work experience. Is it worth the money, and how can I get admission?
How do traders manage risk (or stop loss) if buy signals keep generating but price keep falling?
What are some ways we can sustainably finance a universal basic income?
What are the most common ways for new entrepreneurs to raise funds without personal or family wealth?
Which books related to finance could be of great help to an MBA student?
How likely is it that the Volcker Rule will be repealed under Trump’s presidency? Will that lead to the resurgence of proprietary trading?
Will the import duty of 125% on luxury/sports cars be slashed after the roll out of GST on July 1st?
Given the current Indian market condition (NIFTY ~9500), does it make sense to hedge my mutual fund position by selling NIFTY futures?
What are the factors limiting foreign capital inflow into a country?
Do all hedge funds do DCFs?
Are there some Asian market funds that are independent from the US market?
A stock has the same fixed date for stock split (1:2) and bonus issue (2:1). What does it mean? Is it worth investing in?
How do sinking fund provisions differ from normal bond provisions?
In SAP Finance certification, what are the differences among C_TS4FI_1610, C_TS4FI_1511, and C_SSF_1503?
Is it possible for me to deposit 10L as FD, take an overdraft, and lend 8L to my friend at 24% interest? Can I make 8+23% yearly, after paying overdraft interest of 1%?
We are a debt fund that provides growth capital to SaaS companies. How do we identify bootstrapped companies that do not want to give up equity?
As a financial analyst, how could you have found out Valeant Pharmaceuticals was a fraud?
What is the impact of the “Shrinking Alpha” on quantitative trading?
Who will decide the share price of the company?
Is it true that George Soros indirectly funds the Huffington Post as well as organizations like La Raza?
What is the likelihood that a private equity firm, in a minority investment, will exercise their drag-along right against the wishes of management?
How can I get the remaining amount from a provident fund?
Did James Comey work for Bridgewater, a hedge fund described as a "cult," just before he was chosen as FBI chief?
Can a Filipino fund his account in Poloniex and how?
Is a midcap fund equity-oriented or debt-oriented?
What are the differences between a nominated bank, advising bank, negotiating bank, reimbursing bank, and confirming bank?
Which is the best mutual fund for 2017?
What makes a strong income statement and balance sheet?
How do I buy mutual funds from an SBI demat account? What is the best demat account to buy/maintain mutual funds in India?
What is the difference between profit booking and market correction?
Can the quick ratio be more than current ratio?
Where can I find data for a study on bond market crashes (bond price quotes and option put quotes)?
What is the best way to financially help someone?
What does it mean when an owner says they will finance at 25% down, 6%, with a 5 year balloon and I get to pick the amortization?
What are some research topics in accounting and finance?
Which company is better for finance - BNY or Maersk?
What are the different ways to determine projected earnings growth of a company?
What are some financial data services which provide insider transactions on Asian stocks for retail investors?
Are equities (stocks, specifically) on a balance sheet stated in value at their issuance or their current value?
What is the importance of financial analysis for a new venture?
Which is better, Indian School of Business and Finance or St. Xavier’s, Bombay?
What is rebalance in a mutual fund?
Which industry does a CA firm fall under, financial advisory, financial planning or a financial consultancy service industry?
Why do companies invest in the stock market?
Why are most traders so bad at risk management?
What courses will help credit underwriters in the financial sector?
Where can I find an Excel template that I can use for a financial consolidation, budget and planning?
If farmers who borrowed money from banks could not pay them back due to crop failure and for other reasons, should their loans be waived?
What is better, paying a home loan by adding more money to the principal and getting rid of the debt or using the extra money in stocks, mutual funds, etc.?
Why are cash flow statements so important to investors?
Which mutual fund performance measurement ratios (Sharpe, Treynor, sorting, information, alpha) give the best advice regarding risk-return characteristics?
Are the government bonds bought by foreign investors different from the local investors?
What are the best books and/or magazines in finance and economics that a newbie should read?
Should I go for an MBA or an M.Fin after undergrad if I want to be a financial analyst on Wall Street?
Are there any basic short-term financial course so as to be able to invest wisely, like in shares, mutual funds or policies?
What is foreign capital inflow?
Why mining as a wasting assets?
What are the differences between these positions: CFO, controller, director of internal auditing, treasurer and a vice president of finance?
Is it possible to transfer USD out of the Kraken cryptocurrency exchange?
What should I do to increase my chances to get a Finance internship?
What justifies the historical cost concept in accounting (i.e., why are assets recorded at the amount at which they are acquired)?
Is it possible to get into finance with a PGDM-Finace degree 2015-17 placed into an IT company with a BA role and a prior experience in IT too?
Why do we not add non cash expenses to calculate interest coverage ratio?
What do you mean by variable reserved ratio?
What is the best idea to invest short term $2,000?
What is the historical data of a company’s bond being liquidated? What is the process of this?
Is it more profitable to go into engineering or finance?
What is the scope for a guy with a PGDM in finance currently working as a BA in an IT firm if he wants to switch to finance?
As an accounts payable executive, what extra courses can I do which can help me in building my career in finance?
Is there an association exclusively dedicated to multifamily asset managers?
How reliable are companies’ financial reports?
What happens if much of Chinese money lent to infrastructure projects in developing countries does not pay off, as reflected in the credit ratings?
Which is the best in Australia: Finance, HR, or marketing?
How or where does one buy junk bonds?
Are there bubbles that are not stock market, gambling or loan related but could lead to financial or even personal or human disasters?
What do you mean by government finance?
What are some tips to learn about finance?
How are the placements at IIBS? Which field has more scope between marketing and finance?
How do you securely manage your investments online?
How can I prepare to enter private equity?
Are a company’s financials public?
What is the salary of a stock trader?
I am 19 years old and I will be a junior in Northern Illinois University's accountancy program. What advice do you give?
How do you give a company's revenue numbers authority?
What is the average stop-loss for Forex retail traders?
Did Ray Dalio's risk-parity all-weather strategy perform poorly during the 1970s, given the high inflation and the large long-term Treasury allocation?
What is the future of an MBA graduate in banking and finance with an experience in the BPO industry?
What is the negative impact of interest to the society?
Can the foreigner buy mutual funds in Germany?
Which is the best direct mutual fund Robo-advisor in India?
How important is coding for someone aspiring to be in finance? Should I spend my summer doing an internship with no finance profile or learn to code?
What is the unit for repo rates (e.g., per annum, per month, etc.)?
What is the difference between face value and purchase price for a bond?
How can I withdraw money from my HSA account if I have invested it in mutual funds?
When a bond professional tells you that Bond X is selling for the constant maturity comparable plus 120 basis points, what does that mean?
How do sukuk, or Islamic bonds, comply with Islam given that Islam forbids paying an interest?
What causes interest rates to change?
What does a perfect deal room look like? My company is setting up a deal room for private equity firms where it can have access to companies.
What is the best way to allocate 1 lac INR to India's debt & equity markets, etc.?
What is the concept of a forward market intervention by the central banks?
How is an equity analyst different from a fixed income analyst?
Is Communist China charging interest of 17% per annum to Pakistan for its investments? Does charging such a high interest rate fit into the realm of communism?
How do I prepare for OBC bank specialist officer professional portion (finance)?
What do experts believe a person should have before investing?
What are the best books to increase my skills in Finance?
What is the effect of interest rates on industry?
What's behind Snapchat's financial difficulties? And does this matter to us, the consumer?
Can a purchase of a company recording negative cash flow lead to the tax reduction of a buyer?
Should I got to the University of Texas and get an economics degree (with minor in Finance) or go to Texas A&M and get a Business degree in Finance?
Is the financial sector a parasite to society?
Which fund should I choose- Franklin India High Growth Companies, Kotak Select Focus Fund or ICICI Prudential Value Discovery Fund?
What is the best way to turn $100 into $500?
One of my friends died at a young age, and his family don't know what his financial situation was. How do we check his accounts and other assets?
What is the Elliot wave theory?
What is credit risk management?
How does the calculation of WACC (Weighted Average Cost of Capital) for a bank differ from, let’s say, a chemical or any other company?
Would you advise someone to invest in government security bonds?
What are some must kmow terms in banking?
Will Germany accept Macron's ambitions for the completion of the banking union, a eurozone finance minister and the issuance of joint bonds?
What are the basic terms used by regular traders?
What does your typical day look like at work (accounting, science, and finance majors)?
Did you wrote about managing cost of capital, return on capital, growth and how they are all interrelated?
What according to you is the best way to invest? Should one go for options, equity or commodities?
What are the courses related to finance or investment?
What is share buyback?
What is the significance of “earnings per share”?
What is a Masala bond, and how is it different from other types of bonds?
Why don't we add long term debt to free cash flow?
What is the Black-Scholes price?
What should one expect in the JBIMS MSc finance interview? How do you prepare for the MSc finance exam?
What is a memorandum balance sheet?
Is it in a bank's interests to have its customers financially successful?
Which is a better option - CFA or MBA in finance?
What is the meaning of stylized facts in finance?
How much do we need to transfer for a new Demat account ? Can I transfer 1000rs?
How can I invest 100,000 RS in mutual funds for a period of 1 year? What are the return chances?
Will an internship at a hedge fund make my college application stand out?
What is the scope of financial market management at the UG level?
What are the biggest pains of managing digital assets?
What kinds of services do private equity firms hire strategy consulting firms for?
Do I have to offer dividends when issuing equity to investors?
What characteristics does a healthy income statement have?
How do you enter into the field of finance, being from a non-finance background?
How can I fund my XM account?
What is the best way to invest 5 lakh rupees in stock markets in India—could it be intraday trade, mutual funds, etc.?
Is it worthwhile to get an MBA from a top business school if I already have an MS in Finance?
What are some applications of the financial risk management?
If an asset account has a credit balance, it is automatically considered as abnormal account?
Can closed-end funds raise money through banks by using their shares as collateral? Are there any other mechanisms available?
How do I arrange finance for any startup?
What is the NPV method of financial management?
How do I increase my wealth as a 22 year old?
Are there still stock brokers?
Where can I find the amount of outstanding consumer debt, listed by biggest bank in descending order?
How much does it cost to change partners after marriage?
If one wants to work for a large investment bank, is it a bad idea to take an internship at a small (not great) wealth manager as an analyst?
How do I invest in government bonds?
What are the perks of being in BCG financial + non-financial?
How do I get an internship while doing an MBA in finance?
How come investment banking is a very hot trend in some cities and states, but in other areas the demand for investment bankers is slim to none?
How does Flip ID monetize their services? (Besides revenue from bank's interest rate)
Is it common that investors ask for total investment amount and debt/equity ratio for project evaluation before entering into NDA?
What risks does the issuance of senior unsecured bonds have on the company and on the shareholders and stock price?
Is 34 too late to study finance?
How is a rental yield similar to a PE ratio?
How does one move from fixed income to equities?
What are some tips for building a sustainable career as an annual report photographer?
If the federal reserve could loan unlimited amounts of money to the US government, then why are many Republicans against government spending?
How does the UN earn funding and financial support to keep this organization running well?
Is it smart to borrow money to pay individual bills?
In the ‘08/’09 crisis, how was it that the banks needed a bailout?
How do I determine the control percentage when preparing consolidated financial statements, if a subsidiary is a partnership firm?
Are profesional finance qualifications better than academic finance qualifications?
Why is money in the hedge fund industry mostly concentrated among the biggest hedge funds given that big fund size impedes performance?
How can Vijay Mallya not finance/sustain Kingfisher Airlines but can finance/sustain Force India Formula One Team?
What happens to the mortgages of home owners when they receive a "bad loan"? Did people lose their homes because of debt or the lack of an agreement?
How long it takes a sum of money to double itself at 12% simple interest rate?
What is “ATC” in banking?
Why are more people enrolling in the CFA even though finance jobs are being automated away?
Should I sell my mutual funds SIPs units, and if so, when?
Can the liquid mutual fund amounts be considered as the proof of funds for the PNP program or does it have to be bank statements, FDs, RDs?
As a fresh learner in mutual funds, what kind of work or projects can I do so that it will help me to learn about mutual funds in depth?
How can a beginning CEO start their financial company in Manhattan on Wall Street if they are willing to invest $400k into their company?
Should I sell part of my mutual fund’s SIPS units when the market is high, or should I let it remain for better returns?
How intense are the economics and finance programs at the University of Bristol?
What is free cash flow hypothesis?
What would happen if even 5% of Indians became vegans?
Which is not an element of the life insurance business - assets, risk, principle of mutuality, and subsidies?
What should I choose between marketing or finance?
What is offer for sale & how does it affect the company?
Is it better for a finance major to get into venture capitalism (if so, how), financial advisor role, or work finance within a tech company?
How can a guaranteed investment offer a higher return compared to a corporate bond?
Are different industries (e.g. financial vs retail) targeted with different, specific phishing attacks?
What should I do in order to invest in mutual funds?
What is captured in a price to NAV ratio that is not captured in the WACC?
What will be the ideal mutual fund scheme for a 54-year-old person with 7 years left before retirement in India?
Should one partly redeem units of mutual funds when the stock market is at an all time high and repurchase them again when the market cools off?
What is "front running" in financial markets?
Can I invest all my savings in different types of mutual funds (DEBT, largeCap, Midcap), or I have to go with FD?
Is a master’s programme mandatory if an MBA holder wants to go for a PhD in finance or economics abroad?
How do I come out of a financial crisis without investing any additional capital?
What measures can foreign bond-holders of defaulted sovereign bonds such as Puerto Rican bonds take given that local laws are unenforceable?
How is my internal rate of return equal to my cost of capital, but NPV is positive?
What are the different type of maths required for financial engineer?
What would be the liability of the shareholders if the dividend they received was later proven to have been obtained from an illegal revenue source?
If I want to buy $1,000 of ABC shares in 1 year via a futures contract, how much do I have to pay for the futures contract?
How do stock traders predict short term volatility from daily info and technical analysis?
What should I look for in an income statement?
What are the benefits of discounted rates, and why do companies use it?
How is the P/E ratio counted? How can one find out if a company is growing?
Which mutual fund is the best in small cap or multi-cap funds if I want to invest 2k per month?
I have already invested in regular mutual funds. How can I switch to direct mutual funds?
Can I analyze sell-outs using (peak-low)- (peak-close) as a good approximation?
What are the advantages of using Sharekhan brokerage for mutual fund SIP over banks?
Is it worth to attend an MBA with major in Finance at Wharton if I already have a MS in Finance?
What would you do if your government took no income tax?
When will you sell a bond with a discount?
What are India's most debt-ridden companies?
I am a Chattered Financial Analyst. After this I am planning to pursue dual MBA in finance and marketing. Will this be a good move?
How is it to switch a career from a role in finance company to a technical company in India?
Is there any relation between actuarial sciences and the banking sector?
How many cigarettes can cause COPD?
Which sector mutual fund will be the best bet for the next 1 or 2 years?
What is reserve deposit ratio in simple terms?
Why do oil companies often have a higher dividend rate than the earnings per share?
While calculating CAR, is 1.25% of total risk-weighted assets included in Capital Tier 2?
How much accounting do I need to know for a degree in finance or a career in investment banking?
What do investors think about Snap's first earnings call / report?
How do I find the debt to equity ratio with these inputs?
Do I have to switch my long-term mutual fund if I predict a stock market crash?
What do I have to study or do in terms of working experience to get hired by a hedge fund?
How do we evaluate investment purpose & investment horizon?
Is it necessary that every NBFC have a minimum Net Owned Fund?
Have banks artificially inflated house prices by providing loans? Without loans they'd be cheaper, right?
How can a retail investor having a corpus of 50k-1lakh INR start investing in Private Equity?
Are VPNs/proxies useful in preventing credit fraud?
Will taking the Series 7 help me get a job in trading or in investment banking?
It was an asset but after 2 years that asset has to become a liability. What is it?
Why does a small company need to prepare a financial report?
How do I register bonds with SEC?
Is retail arbitrage illegal? If so, what are some ways to prevent getting in trouble from retail arbitrage?
Why should a non-financier learn finance?
What are the designations in the field of investment banking and their meaning?
How would you make money with a time machine?
What security was submitted by Mallya before taking a loan?
Which is better for a long-term investment, Geojit or Zerodha?
Should I leave my studies for a while and concentrate on a possible bussiness?
Is it economically possible to end world poverty?
Do hedge funds need to have a high water mark in place? Also, are there any funds today that do not have one?
What would the pros and cons of a consumption-based taxation system be vis-a-vis the current production-based one?
Did banks want a guarantee from Mallya before sanctioning the loan?
If I have a small LLC business and I have different shareholders investing at different times, how do I calculate their returns?
Which sector is likely to grow if the metal sector falls?
I'm a business graduate from a Swedish university and I want to work in investment banking in NY. What can I do?
On an appraisal document for a finance department, what objective do I need to set that are measurable and achievable within an appropriate timeline?
How organized is your life financially, and can you give me advice to become financially secure?
What is the “pro rate” to calculate interest on capital?
How do lending agencies determine their rates for income-based loans?
What has been your experience in assessing the viability of smart contracts becoming financial instruments?
What if we are quite perplexed regarding our career in terms of financial outcomes?
What can an undergraduate student majoring in economics/finance do to have an advantage over other students?
What are the best ways to make >10% annual interest rate on an investment (as a non-USA resident)?
What is the best way to become a finance manager, doing an MBA (finance), completing a CA or is there another method?
What are the most successful or respected African American hedge funds?
If an account balance is below zero, can money still be wired into it?
Which is an unbiased web site for mutual fund ratings?
Which firm in the financial capital of India (Mumbai) can help medium-sized enterprises with M&A?
What are the top blogs that top hedge fund managers read?
What was the financial scam in the movie The Accountant?
What is the additional course done along with MBA finance?
How does the Fedwire funds and automated clearing funds service work?
How do I calculate the WACC for banks and manufacturing companies?
What qualities do I need to have to get into the topmost investment banking companies?
Is odd-lot trading allowed in your main exchange or country?
How do you calculate an amalgamation balance sheet?
What books will you recommend in order to develop a strong understanding of financial engineering, empirical finance and valuation principles?
What is the purpose of financial innovation?
What is the present value of a $500,000 payment 9 years from now, if money earns at an annual rate of 3.45%, compounded continuously?
Can Vanguard further decrease the cost ratios of their passively managed funds by utilizing machine/AI/automatic trading?
Would the stock market be profitable long-term if all humans started investing?
Do I have a shot at working in the US for an Asset Management firm coming from Asia?
When is it not worth it anymore to invest in skills, but on appreciative assets?
I want to invest 1000 rs p.m. in an equity mutual fund for 20 years. Which mutual fund would be best for this purpose?
How do hedge funds use stop losses?
How do you speculate in a market that is in a bubble?
What should be the ideal savings/expenses ratio?
Why is it that there is such a discrapency between the interest rates that different banks give for high yield savings account?
Could the GBP break the 1.3 USD barrier in June 2017 and rally all the way to 1.4 before year’s end?
What is the difference between required rate of return and dividends?
Why do we take the cost of capital as a discount rate to calculate present value?
What is a constant yield method of an amortization?
How should angel investment be booked on a cash flow forecast?
Why did you become proficient in personal finance?
Which is the best bank to take personal loan from at lowest rate?
How do I develop a deeper understanding of the stock market, and basically the secondary market? Please suggest ways to learn more or the names of some good books on finance and economics, etc.?
In which stream of financial selling can we earn more, the banking or non-banking financial sector?
Where can I get financial advice that benefits me more than the financial adviser selling it?
Can a company borrow funds from a bank and distribute it as dividends to shareholders?
If I have a large brokerage account would it be advantageous to start an investment fund for tax purposes?
Do any business or finance podcasts give valuable information or do they just talk like they know business and finance?
How is private equity calculated?
If you've been consistently trading and beating the SP500 for the past few years, how do you get seeded to scale up your operation?
Are physical assets more important than intellectual assets?
What is a “mid-cap fund” in the case of mutual funds?
From when will the banks be off on every Saturday?
Is implied volatility an estimate of how much the option price will change in relation to stock price changes?
The NAV value of one of the mutual funds(Which i was thinking to invest) in my watch-list has decreased by 7(47 to 40). Should I invest in that now?
How does dental financing work?
Are there any crytocurrencies traded on the Nasdaq?
How do you know which Forex signals provider to choose?
What is the logic behind using the 2 standard deviation in binomial interest rate model for fixed income security valuation?
What do I need to learn first before attempting to interpret balance sheets?
What are some good finance apps for SMBs?
What is something that needs to change/improve industry-wide, in investment banking?
How do I grow my money 15-20% doing long-term stock investments (5-10 years)?
On what basis does the share price of a company depends?
Do stock traders receive a percentage of what they trade if they trade 500 million at once?
In books of accounts, can mutual funds be considered as stocks?
What websites would you suggest to follow Canadian finance, business, and investments?
Are 401Ks a bad deal?
Why are mutual funds better than bonds?
In which sectors are mid-cap funds invested?
At UMBC, would you recommend studying in the business/finance field? Also, is the job market good for that major? A lot of people say it is too broad.
What makes for a good P&L statement?
Can a dealership change a contract after it is funded by the bank?
What are the career opportunities in the analytics field after an MBA in system and finance?
If a mutual fund scheme does not declare any dividends then will the NAV of the growth and dividend option remain the same?
What is the treatment of proposed dividend in a cash flow statement? I need details.
I have a few friends who want me to manage their money and I want to set up a small hedge fund to do this. Are there any legal/other barriers (in UK)?
How do I finance short sales? There are properties that I need full cash payments for. Is there a way to finance these homes in order to purchase more at once.
What kind of path is there for someone who doesn't possess math skills but wants to pursue a graduate degree in a finance related field?
What career prospects are there to pursue a PhD in finance?
Is the completion of CA enough to enter the investment banking industry?
Does Poloniex assign random interest rates to your bitcoin if you leave them untouched in the lending pool?
Do you know about any one-year part time diploma courses in banking and finance, or investment banking for one year in Delhi?
What's the maximum rate of interest in an NBFC bank in India?
If hedge funds or big institutions can manipulate the market, why don't they get caught by the FBI?
How do websites create a cash flow?
Is investing in liquid funds a wise idea?
What are the best mutual funds in India to invest in 2017 for 3-4 years?
How did margin debt work before the crash of 1929?
Why do long-term Treasuries and gold shoot up at the same time during a flight to safety, given that both are contradictory inflationary plays?
Which one should I choose, MSc in Banking and Finance at King’s College London or MSc in Finance and Management at Cranfield?
Which dealer or shop in Dehradun offers an RO water purifier through Capital First Finance?
What are SARB impacts on the financial services sector?
Which company offers internships in Chandigarh for MBA finance students?
How is the float rate of a stock determined?
What is behavioral finance and what is its scope?
I’m a finance professional (IB + private equity) moving to an early-stage startup in a COO/lead business development role. How can I best prepare myself to excel?
What is the difference between returns and allowances?
I have received over $500 for my birthday, and there is currently nothing I desire to have all that badly. What should I do with the money?
In what manner can discount rates affect the economy?
What are the top business schools in Andhra Pradesh for an MBA in finance and their respective fee structures?
Can we depreciate all fixed assets? I mean all, starting from PCs till furniture. Why yes or why no?
What do they mean when they say “Investors poured money into a certain stock?” Are they referring to volume or market cap increase?
What are the consultancy services offered to financial institutions and what problems do they address?
How much can financial analysts make without experience?
Negative interest rate sounds awkward. What is the economic rationale?
Will the House pass the Financial Choice Act this month?
Is it not mandatory for financial institutions to announce the MCLRs and to reset the floating rate of interest for home loans?
What is the role of mutual funds in India?
In order to begin investing in the stock market, should I do a course on technical analysis? Will it really help me in picking the right stocks?
What does it mean to "follow the markets"?
What is contingent interest and difference to defensible interest?
Is it better to invest in mutual funds or property in Pakistan?
How is a mutual fund’s NAV calculated?
Is a large derivative market beneficial for society?
What caused the financial crisis?
As an international student, how would you compare an MBA finance from Denmark, in terms of job prospects, to prior to having that?
How does a debt on a balance sheet go away?
Should I get a job in India with a BA hons in international business and finance?
Did the hedge fund manager take copious notes on your trading strategy when you had your interview with him?
Is the HDFC Prudence Mutual Fund with a monthly dividend a good scheme to invest in for the long term? Do they provide 1% for the long term?
How do I start an online platform for stock and mutual fund trading in India?
What is a book or a course for companies working capital and cash flow management?
What is the semiannual compounding yield to maturity on par bonds? What about the yield to maturity with continuous compounding?
What is the best way to manage your finances and savings?
Why did the Finance Ministry lower the interest rates on small savings schemes like PPF and KVP for the April-June quarter?
What are trade-related investment measures?
How can a car become an appreciating asset?
Which country is best for traders?
What are easy newspapers for graduates aspiring finance?
How does a company use my money invested in equity?
Why did Twitter stock trend upwards?
Does the NCFM module, which is given by NSE after registration, contain formulas for solving numerical problems like derivatives, mutual funds, brokerage, etc.?
Can I invest in Can Fin Homes LTD, for housing finance?
Sensex is at all time high. Is it the right time to invest in mutual funds?
I am in NYC, with an advanced business degree, running out of savings fast. How can I find a summer job ASAP? (not waiting table kind job)
What are my odds of getting into a top MS/MSc finance program?
Is Sensex’s rise related to the availability of more money with fund managers rather than the growth of companies?
Which MBA stream is better for a female, HR or finance?
What is algo trading and how does it work?
Is buying Bordeaux En Primeur wine still a good investment?
How does money increase in the economy of a country that suddenly dug up a lot of oil reserves and starts selling it?
How will the role of an RM in banking change due to the digitalization of the financial sector? Will we see many jobless RMs?
Should I save for an emergency fund or start investing in mutual funds?
What is the best financial advice you have ever received?
If we require funds can we get private funds from someone else?
During IPO bidding, where is the blocked amount of investors stored until shares have been allocated to them?
Is a bet for Berkshire Hathaway a bet against technology?
What is the impact of Fed rate cut on global economy?
What are some jobs available for electrical students at Power Finance Corporation?
What is the future of Lykke Exchange?
What effect does decreasing CAD have on mutual funds?
Which one is better, an MBA in finance or a master’s in statistics?
What is the present value of future amount?
Is a broker necessary to invest in Indian stocks?
What were people's reactions when you told them you're a full-time trader?
Are there any mutual fund in India which are giving more than 20% return continuously for more than 5 years?
How do I calculate returns of my portfolio for the year without taking account capital increase?
Which MBA specialisation is better - finance or marketing?
What assess a sellable asset value?
How do I set up my own auto-trading system for the Indian stock exchange?
How do I maintain an investment account?
Given the current global geopolitical situation, is it a bad time to invest USDs in stocks or tracker funds?
What is the annual return using acorn investing?
In a hedge fund, how are the returns of the investors determined, given that they joined the fund at different times? What is the precise structure?
How do you calculate the whole portfolio profit in case of irregular deposits over time?
Why are some central banks adopting negative interest rates?
What is the difference between cash credit and working capital demand loan?
Why does the U.S. have such low foreign-exchange reserves?
How can we start finance business?
To what extent digitalization can commoditize M&A advisory?
Which institution is best to study at in India, in order to become an investment banker?
Can anyone elaborate the difference between Money bill and Finance bill?
What are the list of things which a Finance Controller should know?
Would you be able get funding for a film that is not likely to make a huge return?
How are hedge funds different from other securities?
How many financial organisations are in the US?
Are equity research analysts restricted from trading for part time income in India? I buy/sell many trades within 30 days.
Is getting a job at Google in finance as hard as it is for coding/engineering?
What is the best and easiest way to switch from a regular mutual fund plan to a direct plan?
What is the value of a professional financial advice?
How did Gordon Miller start investing in private equity?
In simple terms, what lead to Enron's bankruptcy?
Will Yes Bank be held accountable for doing Rs 4000 crore under reporting of bad assets?
What are good thesis topics in finance combined with data science?
Financial Statement Analysis: What characteristics does a healthy income statement have?
What were the causes of the global financial crisis? How might such a crisis be prevented from happening again?
Which has more job opportunities and career growth, MS in Finance or MBA in Finance? Which is more harder?
What are fake bonds?
Are Ripple, Nem and Stellar just Pump and Dumps, Ponzis or outright scams?
What is the taxation on money market funds in India? Do they have a similar treatment as the other debt funds?
Why does a rise in the price of bonds cause the interest rate to fall?
Is NPS tier 2 is a good alternative to mutual funds?
Does the Finance Act 2017 boost investments specifically with reference to personal finance?
Who can invest in a new private bank?
What kind of people are best-suited for business/finance/management careers?
I’m having many business ideas in various fields, but no money, not even to survive properly. What should I do to get the money to start work on some ideas?
What do you think will happen to cryptocurrencies in the event of a financial crisis? Are there any correlations established so far?
What is the difference between reflux ratio, vaporization ratio, and relative volatility in binary distillation problems?
How do you spend your salary?
Which is the best PG course for a textile technologist?
What will be the impact of shifting the financial year from April-March to January-December on the economy?
Is there a lot of math in finance undergrad and careers?
Which Debt/Equity Ratio do you use when calculating WACC?
What is the best financial software for a back office among Misys Summit, Calypso, K+TP, etc.?
Can we pursue masters in interiors with bachelors in finance?
Is the Bayesian hierarchical model useful in the industry or finance?
Why don't banks follow the base rates that are set by the government?
What are the things to be considered for starting an asset management firm in India?
How good is the B.Com. Banking and Finance course at Jain University, Bangalore?
What topics in math will be taught in an undergraduate course in economics or finance?
What is harder between finance and economics?
Why might non-current assets not be the same as market value?
How should I plan my career if I aspire to be a hedge fund manager or an investment banker?
How can I take loan to do trading in Indian stock market? What's the eligibility, limits, payback period, Interests, pros and cons of taking loans?
What is the difference between debt securities and bonds?
How do stock traders predict volatility from stock fundamentals and technical analysis?
Which will be better for me if I am weak in the theoretical part, an MBA in international business or an MBA in finance or operations?
I’m currently an MC analyst with Accenture in the US. I want to work in investment management (Asset management, PE, IB). Should I take the CAIA or CFA?
What is a discounted value?
Which are the most successful stock market investment stories?
What's a good asset allocation given current (mid-2017) asset levels?
Can veterans get loans?
What is the stock Nifty’s trading strategy?
I would really appreciate your guidance. I have done a PGDMB in finance. However, I am keen to do a PhD in management. What is the procedure?
Why are the CWAs and CS not given the authority to conduct statutory audit in India?
What is a good volatility trade for limited but expendable cash?
Why would a firm not use its weighted average cost of capital (WACC) to evaluate all proposed investments?
How do HFT firms make money (in equity segment) in India in spite of STT?
Where can I get the analysis of mutual funds for investment?
Homework: What is the effect of squaring beta of securities?
What should I pursue, an MBA in IT, marketing or finance?
What is the US’s current real interest rate?
Is London the financial capital of the world?
Why does a company issue corporate bonds?
If you were placing an intrinsic value on an Ethereum coin as if it were a stock, what model would you use?
What are the ways that a company can defraud its creditors?
In terms of the finance sector, which institute is better, Harvard or INSEAD?
How can I get an internship at a private equity firm in high school?
What are some internships to prepare me for a career in private equity?
How can I get finance for my running business to expand?
How can I invest in mutual funds? What is the step by step process?
What is a sellable asset value?
How will Wall Street change if Bitcoin becomes stronger?
Why do banks charge for rewriting interest rates for an existing loan?
Is FinTech a good industry for startups?
What's the median package at JBIMS for an MSc in finance for top 10 students (in a batch of 30)?
Is Agora Financial UK Ltd. legit?
How did the collapse of the United States housing market in 2008 contribute to a worldwide recession?
Why is it important for an accountant to learn financial institutions and markets?
Does the volatility of a stock or asset affect the commission that a broker charges?
Given the good results and a low P/E ratio, what is your view on Karnataka Bank for the long-term?
How are mutual funds managed by the fund managers?
Are the percentage of returns declared by mutual funds on their unit face values or their NAVs?
Would someone with a political mindset excel at business-type subjects such as business, marketing, accounting and finance?
What is the meaning of arbitrage?
Why do economics/finance/accounting textbook like to use airline industry examples?
What were the factors that led to the creation of the bond rating industry, given that there is no similar counterpart for stocks?
What is a common reporting platform? What is the threshold limit after which Indian financial institutions report income to foreign institutions?
How and why is debt sold?
What are the types of investment?
Why is Yahoo’s financial data download not working?
What is date saving in mutual funds?
Which European countries impose financial transaction tax on stocks?
What is a financial company?
Could the bid-ask spread be negative?
What are some good books regarding financial education and that could prove useful for potential future investments?
How does global elections and their results affects Foreign Exchange Reserves?
Should I invest my money in mutual funds or in life insurance?
Is funding from the World Bank considered foreign capital?
How can a person who is investing in mutual funds make money? How does mutual fund banking operate?
How do growth and market cap contradict?
What is the view of finance as a banker and financial analyst?
What is the general risk allocation in a portfolio?
Can the balance of an asset on a standalone basis be more than the balance on a consolidated basis?
If portfolio managers think the market will go down, how do they mitigate the risks by hedging?
What is a twin balance sheet problem?
Which is the better college, FMS IRM in Jaipur or SKIPS in Ahmedabad for an MBA in finance?
Why doesn’t Gordon Miller sell his companies for $50m and let them compound at a 10-20% interest rate?
Why don’t banks follow the base rates set by the government?
Who has access to diane (private company information), I need databasecontains annual financial data on French SME firms from 2010 to 2013?
How much does ETMoney take for providing the platform for investing in mutual funds?
Is there any bank that offers a non-secured loan for higher studies?
I want to buy index funds. Are there any European online trading platforms that allow you to buy index funds?
Is a look at the P/E ratio of a company enough for a beginner to buy a share, or does it throw a light on the decision to buy?
Can great wealth be made from business alone or is investment required?
The NAV value difference for growth and dividend plans is more than double for a particular mutual fund scheme. How should I understand this?
How does one find a mentor in value investing?
What are Ali AlShamsi's thoughts on "Good traders can take a bad strategy and still make it work" in regards to trading?
Is a gilt fund a liquid fund or a debt fund?
Is developing a manual portfolio tracker web app a good idea?
Do you know what are the most influential journals in financial audit and management control?
Where do mutual funds recruit in India?
Are compound interests still a viable option given that the current interest rates are as low as 0.5% on an 18-month restricted deposit?
What Vskills certification is the best in terms of pursuing an MBA in Finance?
In the United Kingdom, are banks mandated to hire external counsel on loan transaction/deals?
For an American who makes $500k a year, how much of that do they get to keep after taxes?
What should I do to get an accounting or finance related job in the Indian Defense Services? I have PG, CS and CA degrees in hand.
What should I do if an activist hedge fund bought a lot of shares in a company I'm invested in?
What is the difference between bond energy and bond formation?
Is it fair to say that the UK government actively promotes London as a financial capital, while the US government doesn't care as much about NYC?
How can I get investments in my business through private equity investors in India?
Why are India's derivative markets settled in cash instead of delivery? Which is better?
Why is the Glenmark share price falling so rapildy?
Is it a good idea to use APV instead of DCF for stocks?
If the earnings call is tomorrow, what are the indicators today that a stock may go up or down?
Chinese people has a low experience in private lending and borrowing, how about the private finance activities in your country?
When interest rates rise, do stocks usually go up or down?
Is this data science major good to go for? If so, should I major in it with finance or accounting?
If I bought put option contracts before a stock split, what happens to the underlying value of said contracts?
Which mutual Fund is best for SIP of Rs,5000 for 10 years?
Which financial instrument (including derivatives) has the highest trading volume in the US markets?
Is the value of the MBS and CDO markets limited to the amount in loans that exist? Credit Default Swaps don't have this limit do they?
How much can I invest in a fund house in a year?
What is the best way to double my money quickly?
How did Iceland letting its banks fail impact its recovery from the financial crisis?
Why did the stock price of Edelweiss Financial Service fall today?
Which course is better MBA (finance) or ICWA?
What is meant by a fixed charges coverage ratio?
Why is the silver market so volatile as compared to the gold market?
What formula gives odds required for break even given a strike rate and percentage of bank bet?
How can I convert my auto registration to "commercial" when my loan finance company says, "no"?
How does one become a financial analyst in India?
Which mutual fund is best for higher returns with a higher risk in the next two to three years?
What is the standard expenditure audit process?
What metrics are used to determine if a government is allocating capital effectively?
What is equity and derivative market?
Is there a better ETF fund than Vanguard's VFIAX?
Any online community for finance history?
Is JIIT in financial trouble?
What ICT skill would be valuable next to a finance study?
When a finance company takes a car out of a chapter 13, can it be repossessed?
Do any hedge funds make markets like a prop shop? Why not? Who are the top providers of tick/volume data, or any other trading data?
How do I check if any company is debt free or not?
Can I go for CS after MBA finance?
Where can I find old analyst reports?
Why are assets and expenses debited, and liabilities and revenue credited?
What are examples of the impact of the financial market on the growth and behavior of businesses?
What are some good dividend paying mutual funds?
What are the mathematics topics used when studying for an MBA in finance in India?
Was there a global conspiracy behind the 2007-2008 stock market crash?
For a master’s in management, should I specialize in finance?
How can I choose between accounting and finance and economics and finance?
I own a little micro finance business and want to improve my knowledge and management of the credits what should I do?
What are the 20 most used terms in the finance sector?
Which is better, loaning against a fixed deposit or paying the full amount without a loan?
Can we use information that is available from the stock exchanges for a YouTube channel that imparts knowledge about finance or is getting their prior approval required?
What if financial institutions stipulated that prospectuses should be approved by them?
How will depreciation of vehicle affects its worth?
How feasible is it to go from an investment analyst intern to work in Amazon's finance department?
Is it worth putting dreams on hold for financial stability?
Why is Venezuela in such bad shape financially?
Considering that I am young and have zero liabilities - how do I become rich investing in equity and mutual funds?
Is it true that passive managers outperform active managers?
How can a CA fresher enter in the field of investment banking?
Is it a good idea to found a startup for financial independence?
Which are the best universities for MBA (finance) in Germany?
What does the company you work for do in financial markets?
How can bad debt expense values be used for determining the financial health of a company?
What is spread pricing in banking?
What is a stock that does very well at the beginning of the day that you can sell before lunch?
Which debt to equity ratio should I use for a weighted average cost of capital in this case?
Can I use Go Fund Me to raise money to buy traffic to my website?
What is the difference between uncovered and covered interest rate parity?
What is an appropriate rate of return on a business purchase?
For a layman, how do I find out when is the fiscal year and quarters of a listed company?
I completed my MBA in finance and I had an interest in an SAP course. Which one is better?
If the average global annual inflation rate is 2.78%, and stocks increase by 5.3% globally annually, where does the other 2.52% come from?
Why do interest rates affect investment levels?
What will be the effect of interest rates for home loans, if a war is started?
Do ABD undergrads get MA/PhD roles in tech/quantitative finance firms?
Are there any ongoing contests/competitions in the fields of business/marketing/ finance for college students in NYC?
How frequently are mutual fund portfolios (stock holding of MFs) updated in Moneycontrol/ValueResearch?
What is an MS finance?
Why do private equity firms hire strategy consulting firms?
Michael Cheng, wouldn't changing the interest rate mid-contract (absent a specific formula within a contract) nullify "meeting of the minds"?
What are your thoughts on the Trump Comey scandal?
How can I diversify my income now at 28 into small, medium and high risk investments?
How can a 62-year-old person attain financial freedom?
Which is the best mutual fund in which to invest 30k in a lump sum in India for five years?
How much funds are required to start one’s own finance firm?
Does the Indian government also bail out private banks in case of solvency issues?
What is the formula for rate of return?
How to calculate the expected Return of the market?
What basis should I take to calculate my return on investments in FMCG business?
Is the recession back in Indian IT in the financial year of 2017?
What's the finance industry like in Italy?
How do I analyse the mutual fund market in India?
Does industry prefer articleships in statutory audit or risk advisory?
What are the best intrinsic value funds in US? (similar to Berkshire Hathaway)
What are the benefits of equity investment in our country?
If you view a corporation as a fund, does C-suite compensation at an F500 do better than 2 and 20?
How can I achieve the level of an average PhD in economics or finance?
How is Apple more valuable than Intel?
Does capital punishment exist for financial crimes in the United States? Should it?
What are registration charges, annual charges and other charges for SBI Mutual Fund?
What is the nav (rate) of REC bonds and NHAI bonds?
For calculating the marked to market value of swaps, are the net cash flows discounted? If yes, how does one decide the rate?
Last year, Third Point (hedge fund) made a big deal about hiring a data chief (Matt Ober). What do people in the quant industry think of this guy?
Where can I learn about the ins and outs of financing a business without pursuing an MBA?
What are the best options for Investments before world war, if it happens?
What should I do to grow to higher positions and achieve big in my profession as a finance analyst?
What is the average commission rate for financial planners?
How many websites sell mutual funds in India?
What types of Business Intelligence reports do banks require to operate on a daily basis?
Why do financial models fail?
Do you think Golem GNT would be a good investment?
How do banks decide to sanction loans?
What are salient features of fixed deposits?
What would happen to the stock price of a listed company if the only asset it possessed was a short position on its own stock? Assume the law allows this.
Who insures the loans given by banks?
What's it like to go out at night as a banker?
How do government bonds function?
Is the debt-to-equity ratio generally less than or equal to the debt-to-asset ratio?
What purpose do Domestic Institutional Investors serve?
What is the NNP with relation to capital depreciation?
What is the best plan to invest in mutual funds for beginners?
How do I calculate the USD exposure of a company, based on the snapshot of the assets that the company owns? Is the company below over-hedged?
What is the best university to study accounting and finance in India?
What were the UN financial crises?
Is there a good resource to calculate total return of a mutual fund over a particular timeframe?
What’s the value of the bond. Should it be bought? What is its yield at maturity?
What is meant by statutory audit?
What are some businesses I can start in high school that revolve around asset management/finance?
How is probability calculated in CAPM problems?
If I buy mutual funds through online, when can I sell it?
What is a good way to invest €50,000, besides real estate, funds, shares, and bonds, with an investment horizon of 10-20 years and a moderate risk tolerance?
Does long-term investing in India have any risks? If yes, what are they? What are the ways to nullify the risk involved?
Would it be a good strategy to pick stocks by looking into funds’ asset allocation?
Should employers integrate employee personal finance initiatives into their talent management strategy?
In the Indian market, which is the best mutual fund for a tax saver to invest in, during F.Y. 2017-18?
How can the balance sheet be balanced if a company takes out a loan?
Which is the best mutual fund that gives a maximum return in India?
Do negative interest rates tell us there's something seriously wrong?
What is the role/importance of the Finance Commission in monetary policies?
What are the different types of cashflow finance available to SMEs in the UK?
How do I start an online platform for stock and mutual fund trading in India? What registrations are required?
Theoretically, if the interest rate is 10% compounding quarterly, but I only invest in 2 months, then withdraw from it, will I get any interest?
What watch should one buy if they are working in the financial world?
How do I get a list of all stocks/bonds/funds in the world?
Why are non-cash expenses added in earnings for a debt service while calculating a debt service coverage ratio, and not in the case of an interest coverage ratio?
What skills does Gordon Miller believe is required for a successful career in finance?
What does NDR mean in business analysis or finance?
Which method of accounting is used to prepare consolidated financial statements using TALLY?
Can a person with a small amount of capital, e.g. $100, earn money through day trading?
Why do we need people with the CFA with robot advisors taking over our finances?
Would an MBA in finance after a bachelors in accounting and marketing be beneficial?
What is the difference between "Re-investment" and "Payout" in a mutual fund?
How does a hedge fund buy stocks in a large volume without increasing the stock price?
What is the Equality Fund?
Where can I find professional reports or papers about finance and economy without googling them?
How do new startups get financed?
What's so bad about big banks?
What does a private equity company look for in the employees (both workers and management) of a target company?
How do I become finance agent in a finance company in Jaipur?
How is the price of supply determined for the banking and financial services?
Is a recurring deposit or fixed deposit acceptable as proof of funds for Canada FSW?
Can a chairman of a company use that company's asset/money for his personal sake?
What is depreciation of money?
How is the life of hedge fund managers?
What are some cheapest educational institutions in Australia for a postgraduate diploma in finance?
What do you think about the future of the asset management business? The evolution of AI is very high. How will asset management companies be changed?
How can I earn in the stock market including in mutual funds as a part-time trader with minimum investment? I am working also.
What are the different kinds of debt instruments which developed in India post liberalization?
What is the best paying entry-level job for a finance student? Excluding rare jobs that only 1 in a million people get.
How does uncovered interest rate parity work?
By the age of 25, are CA CFA FRM good enough qualifications?
How do I know the price earning ratio for the banking industry?
What is the role of finance commission in monetary policy?
Why does covered interest rate parity hold?
Is it possible to compound an investment in an index fund?
Why does the federal government lend to banks in forms of repurchase agreements as opposed to direct loans?
When a bank has a fixed charge on an asset and another has both a floating and fixed charge over the asset of a company, what happens during liquidation?
As of May 2017, is $SNAP overvalued or undervalued?
Which is the best book on business valuation and why?
If a private equity firm is investing in a company from their balance sheet instead of their fund, how can you interpret why they're doing that?
What tools/methods do you use to manage cash flow?
How do you calculate the level of finance needed for a business?
If we know a new financial crisis is coming, what should we do as a trader?
What are the current PhD research topics in Stochastic Process applied in finance?
How do I analyze a mutual fund before investing?
I want to sell my current house to buy a bigger one. Should all the money go into the down payment?
What are some good low cost/fee, mid-cap index funds?
What is the best way to learn to do financial modelling for mine planning?
How can a data refinement service help the finance and banking industries?
Which cryptocurrency has the fastest rising interest rates?
How do foreign countries handle non-performing assets? I'm from India.
Why did LIBOR rates hike in October of 2008?
How much does JP Morgan pay at IIM Calcutta for finance, and how much money will one clear after cutting all the bonuses?
What does your annual income have to be in order to comfortably buy a new Ferrari 488 GTB?
Why is capital markets bank activity called investment banking?
What isn’t a capital structure problem?
What are the benefits of majoring in Finance in your bachelor's degree?
MBA Finance Currently I m working as Trade Finance operations profile & willing to appear for FRM exam & will my previous experience will be useful?
When a company has a successful past and bright future, do we need to look at the price of its share while investing through SIP?
What is the entry test pattern for a BS in accounting and finance in IBA Karachi?
Do you get finances if you are successful on Quora?
What is the settlement procedure of currency futures in NSE (National Stock Exchange)?
What are the interview questions for CA industrial training in investment banking companies like Goldman Sachs?
What does revenue mean in financial projections?
What is management audit?
Financial literacy is critical for success, so why do most non-financial business owners avoid accounting and bookkeeping like the plague?
Why doesn't Barbados have an online asset (equity, bonds, etc.) trading platform?
What are some finance uses of logic programming?
Can you tell me whether my understanding of the difference between capital receipt and capital profit, which is explained below, is correct?
How do corporations calculate earnings?
Which questions would you ask directly after getting promoted as managing director for a seed investment firm within a family office to reduce risks?
Which is the best mutual fund to invest in Mid-caps?
How is UTD for an MS in finance?
What is the difference between Depository Receipts and P-notes?
What does $100 billion in assets mean?
I recently received a master’s in IB and economics. I am in my 30′s, with a history in customer service and finance, but hardly any hard skills. What are some tips or suggestions?
What are additional documents can one get about a public company other than 10-k report?
What compliance protocols are we required to adhere to when operating an open ended fund while working with foreign investors also?
Does equipment financing falls within ASC 606?
Is registering in BF Utilities useful for mutual fund investments?
Do you have a copy of an investment fund presentation I can review from Renaissance Technologies, DRW, or Jump?
Why do futures markets exist?
Would you leave your specialist role in finance and take a strategy role at a startup with no equity for half the pay?
What is CAN registration, with respect to mutual fund trading?
What kind of jobs can I get if I do an MSc in Biotechnology followed by an MBA in Finance or Economics?
Are Indian government employees allowed​ to act as an investor and garner equity share and profit in a private firm?
How can I connect my PhD in Finance dissertation topic to the startup world?
What are some best mutual funds and explain me why?
What is the difference between standard deviation and beta?
Has the issuance of the Singapore Savings Bonds by the government forced banks in Singapore to offer higher interest rates for term deposits?
Is there a stock returns calculator like the Rediff returns calculator that does not have a limit of one year, as Rediff does?
How easy is it to find a Finance for a startup in Nigeria?
After dismissal from a bank, can I get a job based on banking experience without an experience certificate?
Who is the best finance consultant in Mumbai?
What are the best (industry acceptance, ROI) short term courses / certifications for a fresher (B.Com.) aiming for a career in economics / finance?
How can I calculate a bond's default risk premium?
Do large multinational firms like Google and MS take on debt to raise funds or are their funding needs satisfied through selling shares/liquid assets?
In accounting, what are the rules to determine whether to debit or credit an account?
Can depreciation be withdrawn by the owner?
Is Financial Modelling from EduPristine worth it or not?
What are the most stable/safe high-leverage investments?
What do you mean by “portfolio”? Is it the different kinds of investments you have with different companies all put together? I don't get it.
When mutual fund managers buy a stock do they buy at the market price or by using a limit?
What is your process for analyzing a company?
Is it reasonable to assume that most mutual funds will outperform its benchmark index?
Which regulated exchanges do I have access to, as an EU citizen living in Mexico, for Bitcoin (BTC), Ripple (XRP) or Ethereum (ETH)?
Will Samsung Financing do a hard credit check? Will it appear on my credit report?
Who did the US borrow money from to fund the revolution?
How does quantitative easing affect the exchange rate of a currency?
How much money is invested in mutual funds in India?
What is a PE value?
What is the optimal AUM for hedge funds?
Is MSc in finance from LBS a good course?
Which is the best stock to buy for mutual fund?
Can you still cash checks at the grocery store?
Which mutual fund is good to invest in for 5-6 years? I want to start a SIP with 6K.
Can a MA in International Political Economy (in Warwick for example) lead to a career in finance?
Why do banks make a fuss about lending when they are dependent on you borrowing to survive as a bank?
Why would anyone buy public debt issues with negative interest? Why pay to lend our money?
I am from engineering background. Can I make my career in finance?
Why does the market still use credit ratings when there is credit default swaps to indicate credit risk?
Which tools are the best to manage my businesses cash flow?
What is the difference between the term finance and financial?
What is the present value of a single premium life annuity with 10 years guaranteed?
Where can I find tutorials on how to read a balance sheet?
What is the best financial advice someone has ever given you?
Is mutual fund high risk?
If no dividends are declared by a mutual fund scheme, will the NAV of the growth option and dividend option be the same?
Is Ujjivan Financial Services a stock to buy now?
What does NNA mean in business analysis or finance?
Are there tax payments on inventories on balance sheets?
What is the difference between guaranteed investment contracts and any bond?
Can mutual fund investments done for 10 years be withdrawn after 5 years?
Are different industries (e.g. financial vs retail) targeted with different, tailored phishing attacks?
Is there any alert or other way to find out what new stocks Indian mutual fund houses are buying or increasing the stakes on? I don’t want to check it fund by fund.
What will I get if I invest $1000 in 20 years with 4% interest rate?
How much bigger did the US national debt get following the 2008 stock market crash?
What are the job prospects after getting an MBA in finance?
Is buying a 1995 Mercedes a good investment? (Typical cost is $4000)
Do you discuss audit reports with the CEO?
Is there a legal and moral way to make money without providing any value?
What is a “short buildup” in options?
Is it good to have a fixed price with 5-10% margin or let the customers bargain by telling them a rate 40-50% more?
How do I compare the interest rates of the loans offered at two banks from different countries?
How do I copy successful traders?
What is the difference between gross and net?
What personality traits are advantageous for Wall Street?
What are the most interesting technologies hedge funds use for short term prediction?
What do professional stock traders think of Tastyworks?
What is drawdown within the context of a loan?
Which are the good institutes providing training on Foreign Exchange Risk Management and Treasury Management in Kolkata or suitable online mode?
What industries, besides finance, will benefit most from the blockchain and how?
How does stock exchange calculate share rates?
Right now, I am an active equity trader of intraday. What are the benefits for me if I shift to futures or options trading?
What exactly caused the stock market to crash in 1929?
What is mutual fund in India? Is it beneficial?
In which mutual fund can I invest a lump sum of 30,000 INR for just over a year, that has good returns and a moderately high risk?
Which coding language is best for the financial market?
What is meant by investing in stock market or mutual funds? Can anyone explain this in detail?
Is there a financial relationship between the CA board of medicine and the PACE Program at UCSD?
What does ‘order to cash’ mean in finance and accounts?
What books must be read for improving financial literacy?
As a college finance student, how do I get credentials to Berkshire's 2018 Shareholder Meeting?
How do I set a stop-loss based on the underlying price on an options credit spread in a trader workstation?
How can I start my own boutique hedge fund?
Suppose I want to buy a Suzuki Hayabusa. An offer says up to 100% financing at 10.50% p.a. What is the minimum salary to be eligible for the loan?
What are the best Finance and stock books for a 17y old?
Should I cash in a portfolio that returned 25% last year to help pay for college?
What is the best app or site for checking a company’s financial ratios?
Do NGOs prepare accounts on an accrual basis or cash basis under the Companies Act 2013?
When will the Ministry of Finance internship results come out?
Is this the right time to invest in Indian markets? If yes, what are the best stocks to invest in for the short term and and also for mutual funds?
Which are the platforms where I can get the historical returns of my portfolio?
How hard is it to become Associate 3 when you work in investment banking?
What is the difference between the true rate and the flat rate in banks and leasing companies, and how is it calculated?
Will a master’s in FinTech help me in pursuing a career in hedge fund management?
Which is the future, quant finance/risk management or data science?
What is a financial problem?
How do I start a hedge fund with 15 lakhs, by trading for other people in their name?
Which is the best way to become a finance manager- by doing an MBA, by completing CA, or by any other method? Which would be the most helpful in the future?
What are the home interest rates today?
What's a good free app for a master’s level in finance class, something that makes the calculations easier?
Why aren't Treasuries callable like most corporate bonds?
What regulatory organization are you required to register with to start an online stock and mutual fund trading platform in India?
What are ways to become a financial analyst?
What are the most recent topics in Islamic finance?
What's the best risk control system for hedge funds?
Which industries' stock prices are most affected by fed's monetary policy?
In order to create a cash flow projection, is there some way to project using a formula based off of actual data like the past 12 months P&L?
What are the benefits of paying tax in Norway?
Which CLG is the best for an MBA in finance outside of India?
What are the best books for learning about finance?
Which firms do you recommend to manage one's portfolio? Is it advisable to invest with them?
How did Drexel Burnham get to dominate high-yield bonds in Wall Street in the 1980s given that it was not a big player then?
What is the difference between an actuary and an investment banker? Can one do an investment banking course?
If everyone who invested in the stock market was required to sell at year 10 exactly, what would be the result?
Is it possible for a small entrepreuner to impact the market? All of the problems left seem to require advanced IT or finance degrees.
How do investment banks realize/monetize their profits in IPOs?
What is the difference between economic help and financial help?
Are there short-term and/or long-term opportunities for arbitrage on the capital markets as a result from Director Comey's termination?
Do I want to become a mutual fund agent in India? Which course is best for me?
I wish to scale my family business of apparel retail.I want to introduce proper systems so that it can run without me.How should i delegate work?
Why is it important to learn financial institutions and markets?
Which financial institution would give the maximum interest payoff in a year, if I deposit a sum of one crore rupees?
Which should I do first, CFP (certified financial planner) or FRM (financial risk manager)?
What are the best finance job portal abroad from India?
What is the best way to change from a career in Finance to a career in software engineering?
How can I invest in Wikipedia?
How can I understand finance and foreign trade easily?
Which mutual fund in India will give the best returns over the next 15 to 20 years?
How do I transition from a corporate accounting role to an FP&A role? What skills will I need?
Pakistan has close to a 204 billion dollar debt, for a 275 billion dollar economy. At what rate is the debt increasing?
What models are used to forecast operational risk in a bank?
Can I work in finance with a master’s degree in mathematical economics and econometrics? What areas can I work in?
I have $1,000,000 currently. I'm 18 yrs old. How should I invest this 1M to become a billionaire?
Are working capital and operating costs the same thing?
How can you judge the financial performance of Federal Bank last year?
What is arranging finance for a transaction?
How do you get the current ratio?
What is the man made law to limit the amount of money in circulation? (so, where is the need for financial crisis?)
What are the countries where a Financial Risk Manger (FRM) can get jobs?
What will happen if I got rid of my comprehensive and collision? What will my car financing institution do?
What is margin money in loans?
What is the average return rate for business?
Does the marketplace generally reward good enough or excellence more?
Under which head in a balance sheet does product development cost go?
Investment bankers: What are your opinions on George Soros?
How does the income statement get built?
Which mutual fund or stocks are best to invest 25 lakhs income to get more surplus amount in the next 5 years?
Which books should I read to get a glimpse of finance?
What is the average trader annual return in a prop trading firm?
How do I issue a corporate guarantee?
How can I invest in corporate FDs?
Who are the best finance consultants for SME in Mumbai?
On what is the world's financial system based that causes so much poverty in the world?
Can I directly pursue an equity research analyst post after my BBA on finance?
Why in the world would an average investor with at least one million want to invest in a hedge fund with the high fees and sub-standard returns?
If I die due to a life event like an accident or a surgery, how do my financial institutions know and give my funds to my beneficiaries?
How can I get an Finance internship at Amazon Hyderabad?
What should be a reasonable operating margin for a vertical online platform/marketplace business (like HelloTech, TaskRabbit or similar)?
Who do you contact in Manhattan to start a financial company on Wall Street if you're willing to invest $1 million?
What is the difference between what the investment banks did and what Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac did to cause the financial crisis?
Why do people hold treasury bill with negative interest rate?
What is the best study method for finance students?
If I were to buy an index fund (Nifty 50) at 9,400 today and sell it at 1,400 after 5 years, what would the broker charges, taxes and other charges be?
How can I get investments from private equity investors for my company in India?
How can I make my career in finance domain?
I am working in Bangalore as a finance executive. I am not satisfied with my salary. Is there any courses are available on finance to come to IT?
Can you trust a private bank to manage your money and not skim the funds?
What is the most preferred finance qualification?
How can you test the arbitrage pricing theory (APT)?
Why is residual value divided by the WACC?
What are the ways to tackle non performing assets?
What should the ideal tracking error be of a portfolio manager having 7% active risk?
Why are pension reserves kept on a US company's balance sheet, making them vulnerable to that company's potential bankruptcy?
Is it feasible to do an LBO on a small business?
How did customers from developing countries pay for goods and services to suppliers from other countries?
What are the types of mutual funds? How can I choose the suitable one for me?
How can a person with a sound financial family background get funds for a business without any help from their family?
Is it smart to borrow money to pay bills?
Whats the difference between rate fences and discount?
What are the chances of getting a banking job/mutual fund ops jobs abroad?
Why do Indian mutual fund companies mostly buy banking stocks? Is buying long-term banking stocks a good strategy?
How do hedge funds who have heavily invested into China get money back out of China considering the new capital outflow restrictions in China?
How did London become Europe's financial hub despite the world's highest stamp fee of 0.5% for the London Stock Exchange?
How long do I have to forecast FCF for a valuation?
Which 10 nations have the most gold assets as their national financial reserve at this moment?
What is the asset market approach (regarding exchange rates)?
I’m a mechanical engineer with an average academic background, an interest in finance, and a good knowledge of economics. How do I break into a finance firm?
What are the countries where a Certified Financial Planner (CFPcm) can get a job?
What should I do if I know for sure that there's gonna be a huge stock exchange crash?
What are the best books on personal finance budgeting?
Are there any successful hedge fund managers that started their funds without prior institutional experience?
Which is the best mutual fund option for investment?
What is an online book for complete information about mutual funds?
What are the 7 reasons why you are financially broke?
How can I fund my XM account?
Why do banks invest in treasury bonds?
How is an M.Sc Finance from NMIS?
What are shares, bonds, and investments?
Is the capital mobility a positive or negative thing? Which aspects and references exemplify this?
What European banks did the U.S. borrow money from for the Louisiana Purchase?
Why do we deduct non-trade investment in the calculation of capital employed?
What would be the salary of a junior manager finance in RITES?
What is the scope of an MBA in finance for an electrical engineer if he is working in the power sector?
How do you find the present value of an investment when the information provided consists of the costs and the salvage value of the investment?
Do hand traders still exist outside of retail traders?
Between a hedge fund manager and an investment banker, who is better?
What are some high-yielding (i.e., high long-term rates of return) investments which have near-zero correlation (beta) to S&P 500 performance?
How are mortgage backed securities, collateralized debt obligations and credit default swaps traded?
What are the causes of positive convexity?
Do actively managed mutual funds generally outperform or underperform passive funds in a bear market?
Have recent global crises affected the Indian financial system?
What do you learn in a Financial Engineering course?
How do financial institutions impact business firms?
Is there such a thing as a low risk, high yield investment or is there always the inverse relationship?
What happened to bonds that you bought at half their face value?
What is the best undergrad degree for a master’s in Finance?
What's the difference between Quantitative Finance and Quantitative economics?
How does Excellon 5 help with financial capabilities?
What is the book-building process in an IPO?
How do equity analysts learn about an industry that they don't know anything about when starting to research an industry?
What is the most instructive book on bond trading?
Which are the top 10 colleges for an MBA in Finance, in India?
What is meant by securities premium reserve/account in a balance sheet? How important is it, and what can we analyze with this in a balance sheet?
If a financial derivative is not path-dependent in regards to its payoff, then can it always be priced using the implied volatility surface?
How do I calculate the yield or price of a perpetual bond?
My family was duped into a bad deal & resulted in a deep debt hole. We have no savings, bad reputation & bad business times. What can we do?
Why is there a lack of liquidity in the Indian bond market?
How do I arbitrage when the spot price is more than the futures price?
Am I allowed to intern for two financial services firms at the same time or is that a conflict of interest or a breach of confidentiality?
What are some hedge funds that have a very minimal/static page website?
Is it a good time to buy mutual funds today 15th May 2017 or should we wait for a few weeks?
Why does a mutual fund earn decreasing amounts of interest as years increase?
How can Credit Acceptance, an auto finance company, treat customers so horribly but be the "best company to work for"?
Where can I learn microfinance?
How do you actually invest?
What are the short stories about The Beautiful Lie?
How does ISB fare in the fields of operations and finance management?
Is B.Com accounting and finance useful for a CA?
How is the Masters in Finance of Grenoble Singapore campus?
Why does behavioral finance lack an unified coherent theorem or model?
What is BPS (i.e., basis point in banking)?
Are there any futures contracts with 1-day terms?
Will a finance degree soon be worthless?
How many mutual funds are there in India at the moment (May 2017)?
How can a bank engage people to invest more of their surplus cash to mutual funds and shares than normal savings accounts?
Are intangible assets allowed to value a pre-IPO company?
What are stressed assets?
What are the ways of minimizing risk and maximizing profit while investing in the stock market?
How do you calculate daily amortization on a loan with variable daily payments?
How hard is it to find a job in London with an MSc in Theoretical Physics from KCL?
What do you look for when investing in a stock and reading annual reports?
What is the best short-term investment fund I can make with 10k in India?
Is profit booking advisable in mutual funds?
In Google's cash flow statement, what’s the difference between stock-based comp expenses and net payments related to stock-based award activities?
How should I start a compounding interest fund right now?
What is a better subject, accounting or finance?
Which short term mutual funds are good?
Who do you think has a better future - a quantitative researcher at hedge fund like Citadel or a proprietary trader at Jane Street?
Are mutual funds still a good option for investment, or are there better and safer investment options available?
What was the interest rates on FD in SBI during 2011-16 yearwise?
Why did investment banks crash in 2008 even with their high-tech computer analysis?
What is the new audit report?
What are the various distance learning courses available for a Finance professional in India?
Can I do CFA level 2 during June if I have just finished my degree in May and am awaiting my results?
If FP&A jobs will be commoditized by ML and low wage developing countries, what parellel should I move into that will leverage my MBA and MS-Finance?
How do I track mutual fund activities on a monthly basis?
Why do investors lose money even when most experts like Buffet and other successful investors openly cast opinions?
How can startups manage deals with large enterprises that hurt cash flow because of long sales cycles and slow payments?
Is the www.simplemoney.in website reliable? This website is showing the mutual funds’ consolidation statements.
Is there any opening in investment banking in Pune?
Did anyone predict the Icelandic banking crisis?
How does selling bonds to private sector financial institutions increase money supply?
What is the average brokerage fee for mutual funds in India?
What does the financial system consist of?
Which stocks should I start investing?
Where can I find the total assets of Korean banks? The Korean central bank's website lacks the info and is quite outdated.
What initial investment do I use to fund an IRR?
Are there any teen contributed finance and general news magazines?
My age is 34+. My monthly take home is 60k. What will be the best financial planning for me?
What banks or funds or similar companies hire experienced finance quants over 50?
How do I manage all these: creating value for others, helping them, time spent, and money to be invested?
Flip or Coursera? Which is bettter for a certification course in banking for an MBA finance student?
Is borrowing money from a private lender a good way to get capital to flip a house?
What is your view to the Noble Group (CGP) current financial situation? How do you rate its bond value?
What type of options have unlimited risk? Why?
Where can I find all of the basic information about mutual funds and shares?
Should I go with Jagoinvestor financial planners or Edelweiss planners, or is there any better financial planning company/planner?
Is Manappuram Finance a value pick at the level of 90 for a 2-year time horizon?
How do equity research analyst determine industry growth rate?
Is it hard to get a finance job in Chicago as an international student?
Is it better to save money in bank fixed deposits or in mutual funds?
How should I spend 5k as a 17-year-old trying to make this sum grow?
How does one learn to understand Bloomberg's articles?
What are the steps to be taken to become financial analyst?
What is the best time to redeem mutual fund?
Why do people still invest in or work for Goldman Sachs when everybody knows that they are evil?
What are the platforms available through which I can start investing? What are the funds and the monthly or annual plans to be considered?
Which funds give higher returns in the long term (about 5 years): tax saver funds or normal SIPs?
Which is the better option, an unsecured loan or a secured loan?
What technical skill set is required for an MBA finance graduate?
Is it necessary to show profit or loss on the sale of a fixed asset as an exceptional item as per AS-5?
How does Pramod Kumar find stocks for options trading?
Given the market run up, is it a more prudent option to invest in the dividend option of an existing mutual fund?
Is equity investment a gamble?
What certifications do I need to do along with PGDM (finance) from an average college to get a good package?
How tough is it to get into IE business school for doing a masters in finance?
Why do we not deduct prepaid expenses from C assets in the case of current ratios as in quick ratios?
How does going long on call options and being short on underlying assets help hedge risk?
What business can be done today in India with finances of, say, 2 crore?
Why don't financial instutions offer their customers customized monthly statement formats?
Do professional investors really believe in risk-return trade-off? (i.e. one requires higher expected return if standard deviation is higher)
Is the transfer of debt funds to be deducted while calculating the book profit under MAT?
Do hedge funds hire actuaries and what are their mission in a hedge fund?
Are small companies allowed to issue debt securities?
What is the typical career path for an operating partner in private equity?
Is education a worthy asset to invest in, with the current high levels of unemployment in my country?
How valuable is a postgraduate diploma in finance from LSE? Can it land me a job in major IBs?
Intuitively, if I am in the money, why does my delta go down if my volatility goes up?
What's the best way to monitor daily personal cash flow?
Can I do a master’s in finance after a B.Tech?
What is the potential of mutual fund distribution in India?
When has it been mutually beneficial for a private company to make significant investments in developing another country?
Is the PPF rate of interest constant or fixed?
What is the study material for getting a mutual fund certification?
Should I learn actuarial science or finance?
What is the best name for a new loan advisor service firm? I want to open a loan advisory firm.
In layman’s terms, what exactly happened in the market crash of 2008?
Is this the right time (May 2017) to invest in mutual funds, as the market is at an all-time high?
Can a candidate with no mathematic background opt for MSC finance in JBIMS?
Which mutual fund or stock can give me highest ever returns in 5 years?
Which industries are historically quickest to recover in the aftermath of a widespread recession?
Does an increase in shareholders' equity mean a future increase in the share price?
Why wouldn't a millionare create his own bank and borrow from the Central Bank at the lowest possible interest rate?
Is it normal in the business world to get fired the way Trump fired FBI Director Comey for doing his job?
Which college or university would be best for a correspondence MBA in finance?
What are the disadvantages to consider of non-performing loans?
Which university is best for business and finance, HKUST, CUHK, or CityU?
Can Indians invest thru Prodigy Network?
How is it to switch from a role in a finance company to a technical profile role in India?
What are the best financial books related to Indian market economy?
What is the simplest way to start investing with high yield returns for a newbie?
How does private equity work, especially in film and television programmes?
What is the range for investment bankers? Could they become financial innovators who open new departments within the firm they work in?
Which are the stocks that frequently rise?
What are derivative markets?
How is the volatility index calculated (VIX)?
Is the CFA no longer valued now that machines are taking over investing?
Which is the best post-graduation or master’s course other than an MBA and a M.Com in Mumbai in the three-field of banking and finance?
How does America finance special education?
What financial instruments can potentially double your investment?
If a stock can be hedged by long/short futures then why do hedge fund manager use delta hedging?
As an owner of a company, what should I look for in my company's statement of financial position and income statement?
If I plan to do MBA (finance) from foreign after engineering. Where should I do my internships?
Why did the Central Bank issue debt funds on behalf of the government?
Do mortgage-backed securities have tranches? How are CDOs related to mortgage-backed securities?
Why do people take the CFA if those who have it generally underperform an index?
What are the highlights of the 14th Finance Commission?
Is it good to change an existing SBI home loan interest at the base rate of 9.25% to an MCLR interest rate of 8.80% with Rs. 7,500 conversion charges?
Can mutual funds be considered as stocks?
What are the most recent topics in Islamic finance for my thesis?
What are some of the advice and guidance you would give to hedge fund aspirant?
How do you take into account currency volatility in your ARR calculations if selling abroad?
Why do most traders lose money on Forex?
If the amount of left loan is 200 K and interest rate is 6.5, mature within 10 years, what is the amount to be in the first 3 years?
Why do investment banks always get fined? Are they fined too much or too little?
At what price is it wise to get onboard the ethereum train? Given I will invest to hold for 5 years at least.
What are the criteria to arrive at the judgment that the investment in a particular stock is really a value investment? What is the rule?
What is the top growth stock mutual funds?
Which banks are providing education loans without any surety in India?
How do I issue different types & of equity & tranches of debt to investors in my startup?
Do the low treasury rates protect us from a stock crash?
Is my credit score important for an apartment loan or any commercial loan?
What is the scope of taking Finance as an elective in Shailesh J Mehta?
Can an MBA who recently joined IT side of a bank switch to banking sector with FRM/CFA certification?
Can quantitative easing increase interest rates instead of its projected outcome of decreasing it as there is greater expectation of future inflation?
Is it the right time to invest a lump sum amount in an equity savings fund (hybrid fund), as people are expecting the bull phase of the market to continue?
What should I know before investing in an IPO in the Indian market, being a trader who is looking for a short term entry for immediate profits?
What are some things to do at a summer job in the banking/financial sector?
What are the differences between appreciation and depreciation of rupee?
Why did SEBI make it mandatory for companies to dilute at least 25% of the total ownership?
Where can I get a list of countries available on Google Finance Currency Converter?
What does "buoyant financial markets" mean?
Where can I find free downloadable historical prices of FTSE 100 and FTSE MIB indexes?
What is the additional charge applied by Sharekhan for mutual fund SIP transactions compared to banks?
What are your options for financing even though a property may be a short sale or forcloesure and requesting cash only?
Which specialization would be better with MBA in Research and Business Analytics - Finance, Operations or Marketing?
What is the rank that will take me to a BSE in finance at NMIMS?
Which are some of the best colleges for MBA across the world (for finance & marketing)?
What does an advisory firm do?
If I transfer funds into a brokerage account and those funds remain unsettled, can I immediately use those funds to place a trade?
What is the best shariah compliant mutual fund in Pakistan to invest in?
Why doesn't uncovered interest rate parity hold?
Why is EV/EBITDA less prone to changes in capital structure and accounting standards?
Is there any risk in investing in an SIP mutual fund through Oro Wealth?
Are returns earned from all liquid mutual funds tax-free?
Which mutual fund performance measurement ratios (Sharpe, Sortino, Treynor, information, alpha) best describes its performance?
Where do I find the best research papers on financial markets?
What are best practices (in terms of handling finance) a startup should follow?
What are financial workouts and how can we buy such security today?
What is the oldest bond mutual fund?
What are your thoughts on the following accounting question: What are the factors that go into deciding between cash flow vs accrual accounting?
What is capital revenue ?
What are capital structure weights?
What is the difference between cash inflows and outflows?
What if the capital adequacy ratio is higher than the percentage that’s stipulated by RBI (9%)?
Can a skilled trade business owner like a plumber take home 3 million dollars a year in California?
Is there any job for an MBA (finance) fresher in Dehradun?
Where I can learn the basics of mutual funds in India?
Does someone need to lose money for you to gain in stocks or everyone can gain together too?
How many people struggle with financial mindset?
What makes a healthy balance sheet?
Where can I find a list of current S&P 500 companies that are ranked by market cap?
How is the work like in the Operations division at Goldman Sachs in Bangalore?
With the help of different statistical tools, how would you describe/discuss the financial health of a company?
Would it be a perfect hedge if I had a cash index portfolio with a beta of 1.0, and also shorted the SP500 futures with the same nominal value?
How do I get a role which deals with handling finance in TCS?
Can a stock trader receive a percentage of what they trade?
Can a Tally course prove useful for me if I want to pursue a career in finance?
How can a physics undergrad get a job as a trader/quant trader, or anything similar, in the financial industry?
Why do we take the change in stock into account while calculating the total value added by firm?
What career opportunities are there there for people interested in Finance and Data Analytics?
What is risk and uncertainty in capital budgeting?
Why aren't quant hedge funds and HF trading firms targeted by hackers?
What is the usefulness of a Leased Letter of Credit, bank guarantee, etc.? Can these leased assets be monetized for the purpose of raising funds?
What could catalyze the decline and / or end of high frequency trading?
Do originating banks provide individual debtor credit prospectuses for investors to perform due diligence prior to purchasing asset backed securities?
How can India achieve financial inclusion? And how could an entrepreneurial venture help in the same?
Where can I apply my knowledge of finance and economics?
How do you handle finances in your marriage?
Which is the best Islamic finance school in Malaysia?
Which FinTech or financial companies have the most engineering jobs in Washington?
What is IRR’s interest on a two-wheeler loan?
Is there any difference between cash deposit ratio and currency deposit ratio?
Is it true that the total investment of all of the projects in OBOR is $1 trillion? If yes, how will China invest/fund such a massive programme?
What do you mean by financial planning?
How is financial statements analysis used in value investing?
Which is a better option in financial management: CFA or MS?
What are likely to be the variable costs for an airline, such as Southwest Airlines. Also, what are the fixed costs likely to be?
How do I get into a private equity firm?
In which mutual funds does Rahul Dadmi invest?
What is the subscribed capital of the member if 16,000,000 shares has a par value of 2000?
What is the salary of an MBA graduate with 4 years of experience in the finance domain, in Bahrain?
Which specialization is better and in demand among marketing, Finance and Operations in Business Analytics?
What are the system functionalities required for a trade & settlement clearing system?
Is a repo a futures contract?
Is it wise to withdraw state retirement funds to invest in stock or other higher yield funds? I will be making a job change and I'm under 30.
Under what conditions does a company issue eurobonds?
How many CPA eligibility credits will I get for MBA in finance and accounting?
What are the disadvantages of working on Wall Street?
What skills do I need to obtain to become a volatility trader at a hedge fund?
With the market at an all-time high and a heavy inflow of money in mutual funds, is it advisable to invest in MF?
How do investment banks and financial firms project future earnings of companies?
If we require funds, can we get private funds for running a company from somewhere even though our company's account is NPA?
How is ICoFP College in Delhi for a finance course? I am a fresh graduate without any work experience. Is it worth the money, and how can I get admission?
How do traders manage risk (or stop loss) if buy signals keep generating but price keep falling?
What are some ways we can sustainably finance a universal basic income?
What are the most common ways for new entrepreneurs to raise funds without personal or family wealth?
Which books related to finance could be of great help to an MBA student?
How likely is it that the Volcker Rule will be repealed under Trump’s presidency? Will that lead to the resurgence of proprietary trading?
What are the factors limiting foreign capital inflow into a country?
Are there some Asian market funds that are independent from the US market?
Do all hedge funds do DCFs?
Given the current Indian market condition (NIFTY ~9500), does it make sense to hedge my mutual fund position by selling NIFTY futures?
If mutual funds give returns of 10% and above, why are banks eager to give home loans for 8.8% and less?
A stock has the same fixed date for stock split (1:2) and bonus issue (2:1). What does it mean? Is it worth investing in?
I find there are hardly any companies hiring CA freshers in core finance areas. What are the companies that would provide me better opportunities?
How do sinking fund provisions differ from normal bond provisions?
As a financial analyst, how could you have found out Valeant Pharmaceuticals was a fraud?
In SAP Finance certification, what are the differences among C_TS4FI_1610, C_TS4FI_1511, and C_SSF_1503?
We are a debt fund that provides growth capital to SaaS companies. How do we identify bootstrapped companies that do not want to give up equity?
Is it possible for me to deposit 10L as FD, take an overdraft, and lend 8L to my friend at 24% interest? Can I make 8+23% yearly, after paying overdraft interest of 1%?
What is the impact of the “Shrinking Alpha” on quantitative trading?
Who will decide the share price of the company?
Is it true that George Soros indirectly funds the Huffington Post as well as organizations like La Raza?
What is the likelihood that a private equity firm, in a minority investment, will exercise their drag-along right against the wishes of management?
How can I get the remaining amount from a provident fund?
Did James Comey work for Bridgewater, a hedge fund described as a "cult," just before he was chosen as FBI chief?
Can a Filipino fund his account in Poloniex and how?
Is a midcap fund equity-oriented or debt-oriented?
What are the best books for financial modelling?
What are the differences between a nominated bank, advising bank, negotiating bank, reimbursing bank, and confirming bank?
What does Warren Buffett look for in financial reports of companies?
Which is the best mutual fund for 2017?
What makes a strong income statement and balance sheet?
If you see funds to make you rich in life, will you receive the funds?
Can the quick ratio be more than current ratio?
Where can I find data for a study on bond market crashes (bond price quotes and option put quotes)?
What is the best way to financially help someone?
What are some research topics in accounting and finance?
What does it mean when an owner says they will finance at 25% down, 6%, with a 5 year balloon and I get to pick the amortization?
Which company is better for finance - BNY or Maersk?
What is the importance of cash flow analysis?
For financial planning, which college is better, Seneca or Conestoga?
What are some financial data services which provide insider transactions on Asian stocks for retail investors?
Are equities (stocks, specifically) on a balance sheet stated in value at their issuance or their current value?
What is the importance of financial analysis for a new venture?
Which is better, Indian School of Business and Finance or St. Xavier’s, Bombay?
Which industry does a CA firm fall under, financial advisory, financial planning or a financial consultancy service industry?
What is rebalance in a mutual fund?
Why do companies invest in the stock market?
Why are most traders so bad at risk management?
Why are cash flow statements so important to investors?
Where can I find an Excel template that I can use for a financial consolidation, budget and planning?
What courses will help credit underwriters in the financial sector?
What is better, paying a home loan by adding more money to the principal and getting rid of the debt or using the extra money in stocks, mutual funds, etc.?
How do you save financially?
Which mutual fund performance measurement ratios (Sharpe, Treynor, sorting, information, alpha) give the best advice regarding risk-return characteristics?
Does financial engineering from IFMR provide a higher package than general finance? If yes, how much is the difference?
Are the government bonds bought by foreign investors different from the local investors?
What are the best books and/or magazines in finance and economics that a newbie should read?
How do I find distribution ranges in financial charts?
Is quantitative analysis suitable for long-term investments (1-24 months)?
What is foreign capital inflow?
Why mining as a wasting assets?
What are the differences between these positions: CFO, controller, director of internal auditing, treasurer and a vice president of finance?
Is it possible to transfer USD out of the Kraken cryptocurrency exchange?
What particular topics should be studied for an exam for assistant manger in finance and accounts in a bank?
What should I do to increase my chances to get a Finance internship?
What justifies the historical cost concept in accounting (i.e., why are assets recorded at the amount at which they are acquired)?
Why do we not add non cash expenses to calculate interest coverage ratio?
What are the differences between a CA and an MBA in finance?
How do speculate fund tips providers know the FII & DII activity?
What do you mean by variable reserved ratio?
What is the best idea to invest short term $2,000?
Is it more profitable to go into engineering or finance?
As an accounts payable executive, what extra courses can I do which can help me in building my career in finance?
Which is the best in Australia: Finance, HR, or marketing?
How reliable are companies’ financial reports?
Is there an association exclusively dedicated to multifamily asset managers?
What happens if much of Chinese money lent to infrastructure projects in developing countries does not pay off, as reflected in the credit ratings?
How or where does one buy junk bonds?
What are some tips to learn about finance?
What do you mean by government finance?
Is current account a liability or an asset for banks?
How are the placements at IIBS? Which field has more scope between marketing and finance?
How can I prepare to enter private equity?
Are there manual traders at hedge funds and are they good?
What is the salary of a stock trader?
I am 19 years old and I will be a junior in Northern Illinois University's accountancy program. What advice do you give?
What is the average stop-loss for Forex retail traders?
How do you give a company's revenue numbers authority?
Did Ray Dalio's risk-parity all-weather strategy perform poorly during the 1970s, given the high inflation and the large long-term Treasury allocation?
What is the future of an MBA graduate in banking and finance with an experience in the BPO industry?
What is the negative impact of interest to the society?
Can the foreigner buy mutual funds in Germany?
Which is the best direct mutual fund Robo-advisor in India?
How important is coding for someone aspiring to be in finance? Should I spend my summer doing an internship with no finance profile or learn to code?
What is the unit for repo rates (e.g., per annum, per month, etc.)?
I am B.Com graduate with 5 years of experience in banking and finance field living in Mumbai. What is the best possible way to find a good job in UAE?
How can I withdraw money from my HSA account if I have invested it in mutual funds?
When a bond professional tells you that Bond X is selling for the constant maturity comparable plus 120 basis points, what does that mean?
How do sukuk, or Islamic bonds, comply with Islam given that Islam forbids paying an interest?
What causes interest rates to change?
What does a perfect deal room look like? My company is setting up a deal room for private equity firms where it can have access to companies.
What is the best way to allocate 1 lac INR to India's debt & equity markets, etc.?
What is the concept of a forward market intervention by the central banks?
What do experts believe a person should have before investing?
Is Communist China charging interest of 17% per annum to Pakistan for its investments? Does charging such a high interest rate fit into the realm of communism?
How is an equity analyst different from a fixed income analyst?
How do I prepare for OBC bank specialist officer professional portion (finance)?
What are the best books to increase my skills in Finance?
What is the effect of interest rates on industry?
What's behind Snapchat's financial difficulties? And does this matter to us, the consumer?
Can a purchase of a company recording negative cash flow lead to the tax reduction of a buyer?
What metrics are used by management/innovation consulting firms- EBITDA multiples, comps, DCF, economic value (ROIC-WACC) or otherwise?
Which is the best bank to take out an education loan with, without collateral security, at a low interest rate?
Is the financial sector a parasite to society?
Which fund should I choose- Franklin India High Growth Companies, Kotak Select Focus Fund or ICICI Prudential Value Discovery Fund?
What is the best way to turn $100 into $500?
One of my friends died at a young age, and his family don't know what his financial situation was. How do we check his accounts and other assets?
What is the Elliot wave theory?
What is credit risk management?
How does the calculation of WACC (Weighted Average Cost of Capital) for a bank differ from, let’s say, a chemical or any other company?
Would you advise someone to invest in government security bonds?
What are some must kmow terms in banking?
Why does Gordon Miller minimise his debt? Isn't he reducing his financial leverage by doing so?
What is the interest rate in a PPF?
Will Germany accept Macron's ambitions for the completion of the banking union, a eurozone finance minister and the issuance of joint bonds?
What are the basic terms used by regular traders?
What does your typical day look like at work (accounting, science, and finance majors)?
Did you wrote about managing cost of capital, return on capital, growth and how they are all interrelated?
What according to you is the best way to invest? Should one go for options, equity or commodities?
What are the courses related to finance or investment?
What is the significance of “earnings per share”?
What is share buyback?
What is a Masala bond, and how is it different from other types of bonds?
Why don't we add long term debt to free cash flow?
What is the Black-Scholes price?
How do you find the most profitable sectors in a downsizing (due to financial crisis) economy?
What should one expect in the JBIMS MSc finance interview? How do you prepare for the MSc finance exam?
Do you need to take AP math in order to get a master’s degree in finance?
What is a memorandum balance sheet?
Is it in a bank's interests to have its customers financially successful?
Which is a better option - CFA or MBA in finance?
What is the meaning of stylized facts in finance?
How can I invest 100,000 RS in mutual funds for a period of 1 year? What are the return chances?
What is the scope of financial market management at the UG level?
How can one understand the intrinsic value of a company and its products just from reading their financial statements?
Who are the best operational and financial benchmarking players?
Will an internship at a hedge fund make my college application stand out?
Do I have to offer dividends when issuing equity to investors?
What are the biggest pains of managing digital assets?
How do I increase my wealth as a 22 year old?
What kinds of services do private equity firms hire strategy consulting firms for?
What is the best way to invest 5 lakh rupees in stock markets in India—could it be intraday trade, mutual funds, etc.?
What are some applications of the financial risk management?
Is it worthwhile to get an MBA from a top business school if I already have an MS in Finance?
If an asset account has a credit balance, it is automatically considered as abnormal account?
Can closed-end funds raise money through banks by using their shares as collateral? Are there any other mechanisms available?
How do I arrange finance for any startup?
What characteristics does a healthy income statement have?
How do you enter into the field of finance, being from a non-finance background?
Are there still stock brokers?
What is the NPV method of financial management?
Where can I find the amount of outstanding consumer debt, listed by biggest bank in descending order?
How much does it cost to change partners after marriage?
If one wants to work for a large investment bank, is it a bad idea to take an internship at a small (not great) wealth manager as an analyst?
How do I invest in government bonds?
How come investment banking is a very hot trend in some cities and states, but in other areas the demand for investment bankers is slim to none?
What risks does the issuance of senior unsecured bonds have on the company and on the shareholders and stock price?
How does Flip ID monetize their services? (Besides revenue from bank's interest rate)
How do I get an internship while doing an MBA in finance?
What are the perks of being in BCG financial + non-financial?
Are circuit breakers and other exchange rules preventing the usual volatility seen in markets?
Is 34 too late to study finance?
What do the majority of people buy over the summer?
How I can invest online from mutual fund websites?
How does one move from fixed income to equities?
What are some tips for building a sustainable career as an annual report photographer?
What are the exit opportunities for an execution trader at a macro fund?
If the federal reserve could loan unlimited amounts of money to the US government, then why are many Republicans against government spending?
How does the UN earn funding and financial support to keep this organization running well?
What are some of the best renewable energy mutual funds to invest in India?
Is it smart to borrow money to pay individual bills?
In the ‘08/’09 crisis, how was it that the banks needed a bailout?
Why is money in the hedge fund industry mostly concentrated among the biggest hedge funds given that big fund size impedes performance?
Are profesional finance qualifications better than academic finance qualifications?
How do I determine the control percentage when preparing consolidated financial statements, if a subsidiary is a partnership firm?
What salary can one expect after MBA in finance in India?
How can Vijay Mallya not finance/sustain Kingfisher Airlines but can finance/sustain Force India Formula One Team?
What happens to the mortgages of home owners when they receive a "bad loan"? Did people lose their homes because of debt or the lack of an agreement?
How long it takes a sum of money to double itself at 12% simple interest rate?
Why are more people enrolling in the CFA even though finance jobs are being automated away?
What is “ATC” in banking?
As a fresh learner in mutual funds, what kind of work or projects can I do so that it will help me to learn about mutual funds in depth?
Should I sell my mutual funds SIPs units, and if so, when?
Can the liquid mutual fund amounts be considered as the proof of funds for the PNP program or does it have to be bank statements, FDs, RDs?
How can a beginning CEO start their financial company in Manhattan on Wall Street if they are willing to invest $400k into their company?
Should I sell part of my mutual fund’s SIPS units when the market is high, or should I let it remain for better returns?
How intense are the economics and finance programs at the University of Bristol?
What is free cash flow hypothesis?
What is the job prospect after an MBA specialized in Finance/Operations?
Which is not an element of the life insurance business - assets, risk, principle of mutuality, and subsidies?
What would happen if even 5% of Indians became vegans?
What should I choose between marketing or finance?
What is offer for sale & how does it affect the company?
Is it better for a finance major to get into venture capitalism (if so, how), financial advisor role, or work finance within a tech company?
What will be the ideal mutual fund scheme for a 54-year-old person with 7 years left before retirement in India?
Should one partly redeem units of mutual funds when the stock market is at an all time high and repurchase them again when the market cools off?
How can a guaranteed investment offer a higher return compared to a corporate bond?
What is captured in a price to NAV ratio that is not captured in the WACC?
Are different industries (e.g. financial vs retail) targeted with different, specific phishing attacks?
What should I do in order to invest in mutual funds?
In the balance sheet of a firm, the debt equity ratio is 2:1. The amount of long-term sources is Rs.12 lac. What is the tangible net worth?
What is "front running" in financial markets?
What is Online Seller Finance?
Can I invest all my savings in different types of mutual funds (DEBT, largeCap, Midcap), or I have to go with FD?
Is a master’s programme mandatory if an MBA holder wants to go for a PhD in finance or economics abroad?
How do I come out of a financial crisis without investing any additional capital?
What are the different type of maths required for financial engineer?
What measures can foreign bond-holders of defaulted sovereign bonds such as Puerto Rican bonds take given that local laws are unenforceable?
How is my internal rate of return equal to my cost of capital, but NPV is positive?
Will it be good to pursue an MS in Finance (mainly into investment banking courses related to capital market, money market, etc.) from the US? Also, which are the best universities to get into where the best finance courses are offered?
Is it worth it to do PGDM (finance) at IFIM Bangalore?
When are expense ratios charged on mutual funds? Are they prorated for new investors?
What would be the liability of the shareholders if the dividend they received was later proven to have been obtained from an illegal revenue source?
How does a private finance initiative compare to public private partnerships?
From where and when can I buy NHAI and RECL bonds?
If I want to buy $1,000 of ABC shares in 1 year via a futures contract, how much do I have to pay for the futures contract?
How do stock traders predict short term volatility from daily info and technical analysis?
What should I look for in an income statement?
What are the benefits of discounted rates, and why do companies use it?
What are the advantages of using Sharekhan brokerage for mutual fund SIP over banks?
How is the P/E ratio counted? How can one find out if a company is growing?
Which mutual fund is the best in small cap or multi-cap funds if I want to invest 2k per month?
Can I analyze sell-outs using (peak-low)- (peak-close) as a good approximation?
I have already invested in regular mutual funds. How can I switch to direct mutual funds?
Is it worth to attend an MBA with major in Finance at Wharton if I already have a MS in Finance?
What would you do if your government took no income tax?
When will you sell a bond with a discount?
What are India's most debt-ridden companies?
I am a Chattered Financial Analyst. After this I am planning to pursue dual MBA in finance and marketing. Will this be a good move?
How many cigarettes can cause COPD?
How is it to switch a career from a role in finance company to a technical company in India?
Is there any relation between actuarial sciences and the banking sector?
A money lender charges 'interest' at the rate of 3 rupees per 100 rupees per month, payable in advance. What effective rate does he charge per annum?
How is security released in Project Finance?
What is reserve deposit ratio in simple terms?
Which sector mutual fund will be the best bet for the next 1 or 2 years?
Why do oil companies often have a higher dividend rate than the earnings per share?
Which is better for Finance, IFMR, Sri City or NIBM, Pune (also mention the profiles offered by companies and hostel facilities)?
While calculating CAR, is 1.25% of total risk-weighted assets included in Capital Tier 2?
How much accounting do I need to know for a degree in finance or a career in investment banking?
What do investors think about Snap's first earnings call / report?
Where can I find a list of non-banking financial services (NBFIs)?
How is the risk calculated for the leasing industry?
How do I find the debt to equity ratio with these inputs?
What do I have to study or do in terms of working experience to get hired by a hedge fund?
Do I have to switch my long-term mutual fund if I predict a stock market crash?
How do we evaluate investment purpose & investment horizon?
Do UK companies file quarterly reports?
Is it necessary that every NBFC have a minimum Net Owned Fund?
How do I know the PE ratio for the banking industry?
How can a retail investor having a corpus of 50k-1lakh INR start investing in Private Equity?
Are VPNs/proxies useful in preventing credit fraud?
It was an asset but after 2 years that asset has to become a liability. What is it?
Why do we take a change in stock into account when calculating the total value added by the firm to the economy?
Why does a small company need to prepare a financial report?
Which are the best mutual funds with tax exemption in which to invest in India?
How do I register bonds with SEC?
Is retail arbitrage illegal? If so, what are some ways to prevent getting in trouble from retail arbitrage?
Why should a non-financier learn finance?
What are the designations in the field of investment banking and their meaning?
How would you make money with a time machine?
What security was submitted by Mallya before taking a loan?
Which is better for a long-term investment, Geojit or Zerodha?
Should I leave my studies for a while and concentrate on a possible bussiness?
Is it economically possible to end world poverty?
Do hedge funds need to have a high water mark in place? Also, are there any funds today that do not have one?
What would the pros and cons of a consumption-based taxation system be vis-a-vis the current production-based one?
Did banks want a guarantee from Mallya before sanctioning the loan?
If I have a small LLC business and I have different shareholders investing at different times, how do I calculate their returns?
Which sector is likely to grow if the metal sector falls?
I'm a business graduate from a Swedish university and I want to work in investment banking in NY. What can I do?
On an appraisal document for a finance department, what objective do I need to set that are measurable and achievable within an appropriate timeline?
Which mutual fund should I choose as a first timer?
How do lending agencies determine their rates for income-based loans?
How organized is your life financially, and can you give me advice to become financially secure?
What has been your experience in assessing the viability of smart contracts becoming financial instruments?
What if we are quite perplexed regarding our career in terms of financial outcomes?
What can an undergraduate student majoring in economics/finance do to have an advantage over other students?
What are the best ways to make >10% annual interest rate on an investment (as a non-USA resident)?
What is the best way to become a finance manager, doing an MBA (finance), completing a CA or is there another method?
What are the most successful or respected African American hedge funds?
If an account balance is below zero, can money still be wired into it?
Which is an unbiased web site for mutual fund ratings?
What are the top blogs that top hedge fund managers read?
What was the financial scam in the movie The Accountant?
What is the additional course done along with MBA finance?
What qualities do I need to have to get into the topmost investment banking companies?
How does the Fedwire funds and automated clearing funds service work?
Is odd-lot trading allowed in your main exchange or country?
How do I calculate the WACC for banks and manufacturing companies?
What books will you recommend in order to develop a strong understanding of financial engineering, empirical finance and valuation principles?
What are implications if the government fails to meet its financial needs?
What is the purpose of financial innovation?
What is the present value of a $500,000 payment 9 years from now, if money earns at an annual rate of 3.45%, compounded continuously?
Can Vanguard further decrease the cost ratios of their passively managed funds by utilizing machine/AI/automatic trading?
Is the increasing consolidation (as of 2017) of banking sector in US a good or a bad thing for US economy and consumers?
When is it not worth it anymore to invest in skills, but on appreciative assets?
I want to invest 1000 rs p.m. in an equity mutual fund for 20 years. Which mutual fund would be best for this purpose?
How do hedge funds use stop losses?
What should be the ideal savings/expenses ratio?
Why is it that there is such a discrapency between the interest rates that different banks give for high yield savings account?
Could the GBP break the 1.3 USD barrier in June 2017 and rally all the way to 1.4 before year’s end?
What is the difference between required rate of return and dividends?
Why do we take the cost of capital as a discount rate to calculate present value?
What is a constant yield method of an amortization?
How should angel investment be booked on a cash flow forecast?
How do I develop a deeper understanding of the stock market, and basically the secondary market? Please suggest ways to learn more or the names of some good books on finance and economics, etc.?
In which stream of financial selling can we earn more, the banking or non-banking financial sector?
Where can I get financial advice that benefits me more than the financial adviser selling it?
Why does the Hertz Holdings stock keep going down, aside from posting bad earnings. Will it come back up?
Can a company borrow funds from a bank and distribute it as dividends to shareholders?
If I have a large brokerage account would it be advantageous to start an investment fund for tax purposes?
Do any business or finance podcasts give valuable information or do they just talk like they know business and finance?
How is private equity calculated?
If you've been consistently trading and beating the SP500 for the past few years, how do you get seeded to scale up your operation?
Are physical assets more important than intellectual assets?
What is a “mid-cap fund” in the case of mutual funds?
Is implied volatility an estimate of how much the option price will change in relation to stock price changes?
The NAV value of one of the mutual funds(Which i was thinking to invest) in my watch-list has decreased by 7(47 to 40). Should I invest in that now?
How does dental financing work?
Are there any crytocurrencies traded on the Nasdaq?
What is the logic behind using the 2 standard deviation in binomial interest rate model for fixed income security valuation?
What are some good finance apps for SMBs?
What do I need to learn first before attempting to interpret balance sheets?
What is something that needs to change/improve industry-wide, in investment banking?
On what basis does the share price of a company depends?
How do I grow my money 15-20% doing long-term stock investments (5-10 years)?
Do stock traders receive a percentage of what they trade if they trade 500 million at once?
In books of accounts, can mutual funds be considered as stocks?
What websites would you suggest to follow Canadian finance, business, and investments?
Are 401Ks a bad deal?
What is the best books on financial current affairs?
Why are mutual funds better than bonds?
In which sectors are mid-cap funds invested?
At UMBC, would you recommend studying in the business/finance field? Also, is the job market good for that major? A lot of people say it is too broad.
What makes for a good P&L statement?
Can a dealership change a contract after it is funded by the bank?
What are the career opportunities in the analytics field after an MBA in system and finance?
In funding, what is the difference between angel capital and private equity capital?
What are BPO and KPO like for an MBA in finance?
If a mutual fund scheme does not declare any dividends then will the NAV of the growth and dividend option remain the same?
What is the treatment of proposed dividend in a cash flow statement? I need details.
Which is the best mutual fund to invest ₹50,000 in as a lump sum?
I have a few friends who want me to manage their money and I want to set up a small hedge fund to do this. Are there any legal/other barriers (in UK)?
How do I finance short sales? There are properties that I need full cash payments for. Is there a way to finance these homes in order to purchase more at once.
What kind of path is there for someone who doesn't possess math skills but wants to pursue a graduate degree in a finance related field?
What career prospects are there to pursue a PhD in finance?
Is the completion of CA enough to enter the investment banking industry?
Does Poloniex assign random interest rates to your bitcoin if you leave them untouched in the lending pool?
What are some missing features from personal finance management tools in India?
What is the role of the finance department?
Do you know about any one-year part time diploma courses in banking and finance, or investment banking for one year in Delhi?
What's the maximum rate of interest in an NBFC bank in India?
How do websites create a cash flow?
Is investing in liquid funds a wise idea?
What are the best mutual funds in India to invest in 2017 for 3-4 years?
How did margin debt work before the crash of 1929?
Why do long-term Treasuries and gold shoot up at the same time during a flight to safety, given that both are contradictory inflationary plays?
I have received over $500 for my birthday, and there is currently nothing I desire to have all that badly. What should I do with the money?
Which one should I choose, MSc in Banking and Finance at King’s College London or MSc in Finance and Management at Cranfield?
I’m a finance professional (IB + private equity) moving to an early-stage startup in a COO/lead business development role. How can I best prepare myself to excel?
Which dealer or shop in Dehradun offers an RO water purifier through Capital First Finance?
Which company offers internships in Chandigarh for MBA finance students?
How is the float rate of a stock determined?
What is behavioral finance and what is its scope?
What is the difference between returns and allowances?
In what manner can discount rates affect the economy?
What are the top business schools in Andhra Pradesh for an MBA in finance and their respective fee structures?
Can we depreciate all fixed assets? I mean all, starting from PCs till furniture. Why yes or why no?
How much can financial analysts make without experience?
How can I distinguish whether or not the moneylenders in Singapore are the licensed ones?
Negative interest rate sounds awkward. What is the economic rationale?
Will the House pass the Financial Choice Act this month?
What is the role of mutual funds in India?
How can you describe the process of securitization with example?
In order to begin investing in the stock market, should I do a course on technical analysis? Will it really help me in picking the right stocks?
Is there a difference between the optimal portfolio and the minimum variance portfolio?
What could be the reasons behind the decline of the arbitrage industry in India?
What does it mean to "follow the markets"?
What is contingent interest and difference to defensible interest?
Is it better to invest in mutual funds or property in Pakistan?
How is a mutual fund’s NAV calculated?
Is a large derivative market beneficial for society?
What caused the financial crisis?
As an international student, how would you compare an MBA finance from Denmark, in terms of job prospects, to prior to having that?
How does a debt on a balance sheet go away?
Should I get a job in India with a BA hons in international business and finance?
Did the hedge fund manager take copious notes on your trading strategy when you had your interview with him?
Is the HDFC Prudence Mutual Fund with a monthly dividend a good scheme to invest in for the long term? Do they provide 1% for the long term?
How do I start an online platform for stock and mutual fund trading in India?
What is a book or a course for companies working capital and cash flow management?
Why did the Finance Ministry lower the interest rates on small savings schemes like PPF and KVP for the April-June quarter?
What is the semiannual compounding yield to maturity on par bonds? What about the yield to maturity with continuous compounding?
What is the best way to manage your finances and savings?
What are trade-related investment measures?
How can a car become an appreciating asset?
Which country is best for traders?
What are easy newspapers for graduates aspiring finance?
How does a company use my money invested in equity?
If I plan to take Financial Engineering as my master’s, which concentration should I take?
Why did Twitter stock trend upwards?
What are the benefits for a company secretary to join investment banking? How do I get started?
Does the NCFM module, which is given by NSE after registration, contain formulas for solving numerical problems like derivatives, mutual funds, brokerage, etc.?
Can I invest in Can Fin Homes LTD, for housing finance?
I am in NYC, with an advanced business degree, running out of savings fast. How can I find a summer job ASAP? (not waiting table kind job)
What are my odds of getting into a top MS/MSc finance program?
Is Sensex’s rise related to the availability of more money with fund managers rather than the growth of companies?
Which MBA stream is better for a female, HR or finance?
What is the income of mutual fund houses?
What is algo trading and how does it work?
Is buying Bordeaux En Primeur wine still a good investment?
How does money increase in the economy of a country that suddenly dug up a lot of oil reserves and starts selling it?
How will the role of an RM in banking change due to the digitalization of the financial sector? Will we see many jobless RMs?
Should I save for an emergency fund or start investing in mutual funds?
What is the best financial advice you have ever received?
If we require funds can we get private funds from someone else?
During IPO bidding, where is the blocked amount of investors stored until shares have been allocated to them?
What is the impact of Fed rate cut on global economy?
What is the future of Lykke Exchange?
What is the present value of future amount?
What are some jobs available for electrical students at Power Finance Corporation?
What effect does decreasing CAD have on mutual funds?
Which one is better, an MBA in finance or a master’s in statistics?
Is an MBA in finance equal to C.A.?
Is a broker necessary to invest in Indian stocks?
How can a layman understand the difference between stock price of a company and earnings per share of that company?
Are there any mutual fund in India which are giving more than 20% return continuously for more than 5 years?
How do I calculate returns of my portfolio for the year without taking account capital increase?
Which MBA specialisation is better - finance or marketing?
Keeping the bull market in view, which option is better to invest, liquid funds or equity savings funds?
What assess a sellable asset value?
In a hedge fund, how are the returns of the investors determined, given that they joined the fund at different times? What is the precise structure?
How do you calculate the whole portfolio profit in case of irregular deposits over time?
Given the current global geopolitical situation, is it a bad time to invest USDs in stocks or tracker funds?
What is the annual return using acorn investing?
How do I maintain an investment account?
What are the best financial commodities or financial assets to own now?
What is the likely effect the repurchase will have on earnings per share and earnings per share growth?
Has anyone tried asset tracking and inventory management through LDAP? If so, what kind of assets do you track?
What is the difference between cash credit and working capital demand loan?
Why does the U.S. have such low foreign-exchange reserves?
How can we start finance business?
Where could I find easy to digest data (e.g., earnings and forecasts) on Hong Kong stocks online akin to NASDAQ's analyst research page?
Which is the best post-graduation course other than an MBA and an M.Com in Mumbai in banking and finance?
How does one design an index fund?
Which institution is best to study at in India, in order to become an investment banker?
Can anyone elaborate the difference between Money bill and Finance bill?
What are the list of things which a Finance Controller should know?
Would you be able get funding for a film that is not likely to make a huge return?
What are the six major areas of personal financial planning?
How are hedge funds different from other securities?
How many financial organisations are in the US?
Are equity research analysts restricted from trading for part time income in India? I buy/sell many trades within 30 days.
Is getting a job at Google in finance as hard as it is for coding/engineering?
What is the value of a professional financial advice?
In simple terms, what lead to Enron's bankruptcy?
How did Gordon Miller start investing in private equity?
What is the best and easiest way to switch from a regular mutual fund plan to a direct plan?
Will Yes Bank be held accountable for doing Rs 4000 crore under reporting of bad assets?
What are good thesis topics in finance combined with data science?
What were the causes of the global financial crisis? How might such a crisis be prevented from happening again?
Financial Statement Analysis: What characteristics does a healthy income statement have?
Which has more job opportunities and career growth, MS in Finance or MBA in Finance? Which is more harder?
Does the Finance Act 2017 boost investments specifically with reference to personal finance?
What is the taxation on money market funds in India? Do they have a similar treatment as the other debt funds?
Are you aware of the benefits and returns of the equity market?
Why does a rise in the price of bonds cause the interest rate to fall?
Is NPS tier 2 is a good alternative to mutual funds?
Who can invest in a new private bank?
What kind of people are best-suited for business/finance/management careers?
What is the difference between reflux ratio, vaporization ratio, and relative volatility in binary distillation problems?
How do you spend your salary?
What will be the impact of shifting the financial year from April-March to January-December on the economy?
Is there a lot of math in finance undergrad and careers?
Which Debt/Equity Ratio do you use when calculating WACC?
What is the best financial software for a back office among Misys Summit, Calypso, K+TP, etc.?
Can we pursue masters in interiors with bachelors in finance?
Is the Bayesian hierarchical model useful in the industry or finance?
Why don't banks follow the base rates that are set by the government?
What topics in math will be taught in an undergraduate course in economics or finance?
What are the things to be considered for starting an asset management firm in India?
How good is the B.Com. Banking and Finance course at Jain University, Bangalore?
How do I invest in mutual funds based on NAV? The NAV I'm seeing now is applicable till what time? When should I transact?
What is harder between finance and economics?
Why might non-current assets not be the same as market value?
How should I plan my career if I aspire to be a hedge fund manager or an investment banker?
How can I take loan to do trading in Indian stock market? What's the eligibility, limits, payback period, Interests, pros and cons of taking loans?
What is the difference between debt securities and bonds?
How do stock traders predict volatility from stock fundamentals and technical analysis?
What are the implications of the Volatility Index (VIX) dropping to its lowest value?
Why is the increase/decrease in lending, bank, and repo rates declared in terms of basis points rather than percentage points?
Which will be better for me if I am weak in the theoretical part, an MBA in international business or an MBA in finance or operations?
I’m currently an MC analyst with Accenture in the US. I want to work in investment management (Asset management, PE, IB). Should I take the CAIA or CFA?
What is a discounted value?
What's a good asset allocation given current (mid-2017) asset levels?
Can veterans get loans?
What is the stock Nifty’s trading strategy?
Can any Charitable Society invest its surplus money in mutual funds?
How should NPV time period be determined?
How do HFT firms make money (in equity segment) in India in spite of STT?
I would really appreciate your guidance. I have done a PGDMB in finance. However, I am keen to do a PhD in management. What is the procedure?
Why are the CWAs and CS not given the authority to conduct statutory audit in India?
What is a good volatility trade for limited but expendable cash?
Why would a firm not use its weighted average cost of capital (WACC) to evaluate all proposed investments?
Where can I get the analysis of mutual funds for investment?
Homework: What is the effect of squaring beta of securities?
What should I pursue, an MBA in IT, marketing or finance?
What is the US’s current real interest rate?
Is London the financial capital of the world?
Why does a company issue corporate bonds?
If you were placing an intrinsic value on an Ethereum coin as if it were a stock, what model would you use?
What are the ways that a company can defraud its creditors?
In terms of the finance sector, which institute is better, Harvard or INSEAD?
Can a person make $1 million in 2 years in the stock market?
What is the difference between crowd funding, Bonds and shares?
How can I get an internship at a private equity firm in high school?
What are some internships to prepare me for a career in private equity?
How can I get finance for my running business to expand?
How can I invest in mutual funds? What is the step by step process?
How will Wall Street change if Bitcoin becomes stronger?
What is a sellable asset value?
Why do banks charge for rewriting interest rates for an existing loan?
Is FinTech a good industry for startups?
How did Ray Dalio manage a 14.2% return during the financial meltdown?
Which add on and certification courses should I do related to finance to improve my profile for an MBA abroad?
What's the median package at JBIMS for an MSc in finance for top 10 students (in a batch of 30)?
Is Agora Financial UK Ltd. legit?
How did the collapse of the United States housing market in 2008 contribute to a worldwide recession?
Why is it important for an accountant to learn financial institutions and markets?
Given the good results and a low P/E ratio, what is your view on Karnataka Bank for the long-term?
How are mutual funds managed by the fund managers?
Why has stock market volatility been so low in 2017?
Are the percentage of returns declared by mutual funds on their unit face values or their NAVs?
Would someone with a political mindset excel at business-type subjects such as business, marketing, accounting and finance?
What is the meaning of arbitrage?
Why do economics/finance/accounting textbook like to use airline industry examples?
What were the factors that led to the creation of the bond rating industry, given that there is no similar counterpart for stocks?
What is a common reporting platform? What is the threshold limit after which Indian financial institutions report income to foreign institutions?
How and why is debt sold?
What are the types of investment?
Which European countries impose financial transaction tax on stocks?
What are some good books regarding financial education and that could prove useful for potential future investments?
What is the view of finance as a banker and financial analyst?
What is the general risk allocation in a portfolio?
If portfolio managers think the market will go down, how do they mitigate the risks by hedging?
Why doesn’t Gordon Miller sell his companies for $50m and let them compound at a 10-20% interest rate?
Who has access to diane (private company information), I need databasecontains annual financial data on French SME firms from 2010 to 2013?
Do banks still sell non-tranched loan securities?
Is a gilt fund a liquid fund or a debt fund?
Are compound interests still a viable option given that the current interest rates are as low as 0.5% on an 18-month restricted deposit?
How can I get investments in my business through private equity investors in India?
Why are India's derivative markets settled in cash instead of delivery? Which is better?
What is the cutoff GPA for business majors applying for internships at financial firms and Wall Street firms?
Who is looking for a social platform to generate monthly cash flow?
Chinese people has a low experience in private lending and borrowing, how about the private finance activities in your country?
When interest rates rise, do stocks usually go up or down?
How did Iceland letting its banks fail impact its recovery from the financial crisis?
How scalp trading is done? And what indicators are being used for the same?
How does one become a financial analyst in India?
What metrics are used to determine if a government is allocating capital effectively?
Does inflation increase the value of money?
How do I check if any company is debt free or not?
How true is it that investment banks are war profiteers?
Can I go for CS after MBA finance?
Do mutual fund companies in India have their own fund managers? And if they do it through third party agents, is it safe?
How much of mathematics do I need to know to perform well in M.Sc Finance?
I own a little micro finance business and want to improve my knowledge and management of the credits what should I do?
Which is better, loaning against a fixed deposit or paying the full amount without a loan?
How feasible is it to go from an investment analyst intern to work in Amazon's finance department?
What is a stock that does very well at the beginning of the day that you can sell before lunch?
For a layman, how do I find out when is the fiscal year and quarters of a listed company?
If the average global annual inflation rate is 2.78%, and stocks increase by 5.3% globally annually, where does the other 2.52% come from?
Are there any ongoing contests/competitions in the fields of business/marketing/ finance for college students in NYC?
Is Finozen trustworthy like Funds India and Scripbox?
What are your thoughts on the Trump Comey scandal?
How can I diversify my income now at 28 into small, medium and high risk investments?
Does the Indian government also bail out private banks in case of solvency issues?
What basis should I take to calculate my return on investments in FMCG business?
How do I analyse the mutual fund market in India?
What are the best intrinsic value funds in US? (similar to Berkshire Hathaway)
How is Apple more valuable than Intel?
For calculating the marked to market value of swaps, are the net cash flows discounted? If yes, how does one decide the rate?
Why are Google employees who work in the IT area more popular as compared to the finance side?
An upcoming insurance company has vacancy in underwriting, claim, sales, finance and IT department. How can I choose one department?
What should I do to grow to higher positions and achieve big in my profession as a finance analyst?
Why do financial models fail?
Do you think Golem GNT would be a good investment?
How can I see an NPS fund manager’s portfolio?
What are salient features of fixed deposits?
As of 22/5/2017, why has Bitcoin surged to an all-time high despite the recent WannaCry ransomware cyber attacks?
How do I calculate the USD exposure of a company, based on the snapshot of the assets that the company owns? Is the company below over-hedged?
How can I come out from financial depression?
How do we measure international liquidity?
What is meant by statutory audit?
How can I invest my rs. 7.5 lakh in mutual funds or FDs for about 5-10 years? I’m looking for something low risk that has a high return.
Should employers integrate employee personal finance initiatives into their talent management strategy?
Can I do SAS after an MBA in Finance? I have a BE in Computer Engineering. I don't understand programming much.
What watch should one buy if they are working in the financial world?
Why are non-cash expenses added in earnings for a debt service while calculating a debt service coverage ratio, and not in the case of an interest coverage ratio?
What does NDR mean in business analysis or finance?
What is the Equality Fund?
Where can I find professional reports or papers about finance and economy without googling them?
What does a private equity company look for in the employees (both workers and management) of a target company?
How do I become finance agent in a finance company in Jaipur?
Is a recurring deposit or fixed deposit acceptable as proof of funds for Canada FSW?
Why do companies provide IPO?
Why does covered interest rate parity hold?
Why does the federal government lend to banks in forms of repurchase agreements as opposed to direct loans?
If a private equity firm is investing in a company from their balance sheet instead of their fund, how can you interpret why they're doing that?
What is the risk of foreign exchange?
What does your annual income have to be in order to comfortably buy a new Ferrari 488 GTB?
Why is capital markets bank activity called investment banking?
What are the benefits of majoring in Finance in your bachelor's degree?
What can I do to boost my employability?
What does revenue mean in financial projections?
What are the interview questions for CA industrial training in investment banking companies like Goldman Sachs?
Can central banks stop stock markets from crashing?
How do corporations calculate earnings?
Who are the largest energy-related private equity firms in the world?
What are structured products and derivatives?
How is UTD for an MS in finance?
What is the difference between Depository Receipts and P-notes?
I recently received a master’s in IB and economics. I am in my 30′s, with a history in customer service and finance, but hardly any hard skills. What are some tips or suggestions?
What compliance protocols are we required to adhere to when operating an open ended fund while working with foreign investors also?
What are additional documents can one get about a public company other than 10-k report?
What is the difference between standard deviation and beta?
Is there a stock returns calculator like the Rediff returns calculator that does not have a limit of one year, as Rediff does?
Where can I find a foreign exchange compliance expert?
What is the best way for someone with a financial analyst background to get into the tech industry?
Do large multinational firms like Google and MS take on debt to raise funds or are their funding needs satisfied through selling shares/liquid assets?
What are the most stable/safe high-leverage investments?
What do you mean by “portfolio”? Is it the different kinds of investments you have with different companies all put together? I don't get it.
What is your process for analyzing a company?
Which firm in Mumbai can help with bank negotiations for my business loan and debt restructuring?
Can you still cash checks at the grocery store?
Will Samsung Financing do a hard credit check? Will it appear on my credit report?
Who did the US borrow money from to fund the revolution?
How much money is invested in mutual funds in India?
Having been a coder and a CS student, I want to study facets of business and work in an intersection of the two fields. What are my options?
What are the best resources for someone on the verge of 30 who's single and needs a lot of financial help?
Why do banks make a fuss about lending when they are dependent on you borrowing to survive as a bank?
What are the advantages of a financial management course?
What is the best financial advice someone has ever given you?
If no dividends are declared by a mutual fund scheme, will the NAV of the growth option and dividend option be the same?
What is the difference between guaranteed investment contracts and any bond?
Are different industries (e.g. financial vs retail) targeted with different, tailored phishing attacks?
Do you discuss audit reports with the CEO?
What are the most interesting technologies hedge funds use for short term prediction?
What is meant by investing in stock market or mutual funds? Can anyone explain this in detail?
What does ‘order to cash’ mean in finance and accounts?
As a college finance student, how do I get credentials to Berkshire's 2018 Shareholder Meeting?
How do I set a stop-loss based on the underlying price on an options credit spread in a trader workstation?
How can I start my own boutique hedge fund?
When will the Ministry of Finance internship results come out?
What is the difference between a finance bill and money bill?
Which are the platforms where I can get the historical returns of my portfolio?
Which is the future, quant finance/risk management or data science?
What's a good free app for a master’s level in finance class, something that makes the calculations easier?
What regulatory organization are you required to register with to start an online stock and mutual fund trading platform in India?
What are the most recent topics in Islamic finance?
What are the best books for learning about finance?
Is it possible for a small entrepreuner to impact the market? All of the problems left seem to require advanced IT or finance degrees.
How do I grow my $4000 for short term growth?
Which should I do first, CFP (certified financial planner) or FRM (financial risk manager)?
How do I transition from a corporate accounting role to an FP&A role? What skills will I need?
What is the relationship between domestic interest rate and euro currency market?
What models are used to forecast operational risk in a bank?
How can you judge the financial performance of Federal Bank last year?
How do you get the current ratio?
What is the average return rate for business?
Which is the best colleges in India for MBA in banking and finance?
Under which head in a balance sheet does product development cost go?
On what is the world's financial system based that causes so much poverty in the world?
What is the average trader annual return in a prop trading firm?
Which books should I read to get a glimpse of finance?
If I die due to a life event like an accident or a surgery, how do my financial institutions know and give my funds to my beneficiaries?
Who are the best finance consultants for SME in Mumbai?
How have changes in the economy affected financial planning activities?
Why in the world would an average investor with at least one million want to invest in a hedge fund with the high fees and sub-standard returns?
Is an Indian resident residing in India required to file returns in the USA on the capital gains and dividend income earned from US stocks even if it is below the threshold limits of taxation?
How can I get an Finance internship at Amazon Hyderabad?
Why do people hold treasury bill with negative interest rate?
I am working in Bangalore as a finance executive. I am not satisfied with my salary. Is there any courses are available on finance to come to IT?
If I were to buy an index fund (Nifty 50) at 9,400 today and sell it at 1,400 after 5 years, what would the broker charges, taxes and other charges be?
How can I get investments from private equity investors for my company in India?
How can you test the arbitrage pricing theory (APT)?
What is the process of "trade finance" comparing conventional banking and Islamic banking?
Is it smart to borrow money to pay bills?
What are the opportunities in banking and finance?
I’m a mechanical engineer with an average academic background, an interest in finance, and a good knowledge of economics. How do I break into a finance firm?
What services does Fintech offer?
What is an online book for complete information about mutual funds?
Why do banks invest in treasury bonds?
How is an M.Sc Finance from NMIS?
What can one do, along with an MBA in finance, to get the best placement in India (like any certification that allows some practical exposure)?
Is the capital mobility a positive or negative thing? Which aspects and references exemplify this?
What European banks did the U.S. borrow money from for the Louisiana Purchase?
What are some high-yielding (i.e., high long-term rates of return) investments which have near-zero correlation (beta) to S&P 500 performance?
How are mortgage backed securities, collateralized debt obligations and credit default swaps traded?
What are the causes of positive convexity?
Have recent global crises affected the Indian financial system?
Why are far-month future contracts sometimes traded at a very cheap rate?
What's the difference between Quantitative Finance and Quantitative economics?
If a financial derivative is not path-dependent in regards to its payoff, then can it always be priced using the implied volatility surface?
My family was duped into a bad deal & resulted in a deep debt hole. We have no savings, bad reputation & bad business times. What can we do?
What is simple finance in SAP?
What is the present interest rate for MOD balance in SBI as per the latest notification? The information on the website shows it is lower than 4% in some cases.
How can Credit Acceptance, an auto finance company, treat customers so horribly but be the "best company to work for"?
How do you actually invest?
How does ISB fare in the fields of operations and finance management?
How do you distinguish whether your results in the stock market are based on luck or skill?
How is the Masters in Finance of Grenoble Singapore campus?
What are stressed assets?
What are the ways of minimizing risk and maximizing profit while investing in the stock market?
Is profit booking advisable in mutual funds?
What is the new audit report?
What percentage of stock traders in India are profitable in a 10-year timeframe?
How does selling bonds to private sector financial institutions increase money supply?
Where can I find the total assets of Korean banks? The Korean central bank's website lacks the info and is quite outdated.
What initial investment do I use to fund an IRR?
What banks or funds or similar companies hire experienced finance quants over 50?
Does it make sense to invest in a mid-cap fund over the long term?
How do equity research analyst determine industry growth rate?
Is it hard to get a finance job in Chicago as an international student?
What is the best Management/Business/Finance books you have ever read and why?
How should I spend 5k as a 17-year-old trying to make this sum grow?
What are the steps to be taken to become financial analyst?
How does going long on call options and being short on underlying assets help hedge risk?
What's the role of trader now in China?
Why don't financial instutions offer their customers customized monthly statement formats?
What is the typical career path for an operating partner in private equity?
Is it better to save money in bank fixed deposits or in mutual funds?
Is the PPF rate of interest constant or fixed?
When has it been mutually beneficial for a private company to make significant investments in developing another country?
Is there any API which gives details about mutual fund portfolios?
Should I learn actuarial science or finance?
Which industries are historically quickest to recover in the aftermath of a widespread recession?
Which college or university would be best for a correspondence MBA in finance?
Which university is best for business and finance, HKUST, CUHK, or CityU?
Can Indians invest thru Prodigy Network?
How is it to switch from a role in a finance company to a technical profile role in India?
How is the volatility index calculated (VIX)?
What is the range for investment bankers? Could they become financial innovators who open new departments within the firm they work in?
Is the CFA no longer valued now that machines are taking over investing?
If the amount of left loan is 200 K and interest rate is 6.5, mature within 10 years, what is the amount to be in the first 3 years?
What is the scope of taking Finance as an elective in Shailesh J Mehta?
Can quantitative easing increase interest rates instead of its projected outcome of decreasing it as there is greater expectation of future inflation?
What would be the consequences, if the financial benefits of marriage in India were withdrawn?
What are your options for financing even though a property may be a short sale or forcloesure and requesting cash only?
Which are some of the best colleges for MBA across the world (for finance & marketing)?
Why doesn't uncovered interest rate parity hold?
If I transfer funds into a brokerage account and those funds remain unsettled, can I immediately use those funds to place a trade?
What is the best shariah compliant mutual fund in Pakistan to invest in?
Where do I find the best research papers on financial markets?
Where I can learn the basics of mutual funds in India?
How many people struggle with financial mindset?
What's the difference between UBS and J.P. Morgan for investing?
Where can I find a list of current S&P 500 companies that are ranked by market cap?
With the help of different statistical tools, how would you describe/discuss the financial health of a company?
Can a stock trader receive a percentage of what they trade?
Can a Tally course prove useful for me if I want to pursue a career in finance?
Why aren't quant hedge funds and HF trading firms targeted by hackers?
What did the documentary "The Ascent of Money" got wrong (If any)?
Which is the best Islamic finance school in Malaysia?
Which FinTech or financial companies have the most engineering jobs in Washington?
What is IRR’s interest on a two-wheeler loan?
Is there any difference between cash deposit ratio and currency deposit ratio?
CBOE Volatility Index(VIX) closed at 9.77 on 5/8/2017, the lowest since 1993. What could be the reasons behind it?
Are there any financial betting exchanges like Flexihedge?
What do you mean by financial planning?
How do I get into a private equity firm?
In which mutual funds does Rahul Dadmi invest?
What does it mean, "Any account details inquiry made between 12 midnight - 12:15 am may reflect balances as at closing of our operation for that day"?
How can I diversify my portfolio as an entrepreneur?
Is a repo a futures contract?
How do investment banks and financial firms project future earnings of companies?
How & where to inform about cheaters & financial fraudesters?
How likely is it that the Volcker Rule will be repealed under Trump’s presidency? Will that lead to the resurgence of proprietary trading?
A stock has the same fixed date for stock split (1:2) and bonus issue (2:1). What does it mean? Is it worth investing in?
Who will decide the share price of the company?
Is it true that George Soros indirectly funds the Huffington Post as well as organizations like La Raza?
What makes a strong income statement and balance sheet?
If you see funds to make you rich in life, will you receive the funds?
Can the quick ratio be more than current ratio?
Which company is better for finance - BNY or Maersk?
What are some research topics in accounting and finance?
For financial planning, which college is better, Seneca or Conestoga?
Are equities (stocks, specifically) on a balance sheet stated in value at their issuance or their current value?
What is the treatment of profit on mutual funds for income tax purposes?
Which industry does a CA firm fall under, financial advisory, financial planning or a financial consultancy service industry?
How do you save financially?
Why are most traders so bad at risk management?
If farmers who borrowed money from banks could not pay them back due to crop failure and for other reasons, should their loans be waived?
Are the government bonds bought by foreign investors different from the local investors?
Are there any basic short-term financial course so as to be able to invest wisely, like in shares, mutual funds or policies?
What is foreign capital inflow?
What particular topics should be studied for an exam for assistant manger in finance and accounts in a bank?
Is it possible to get into finance with a PGDM-Finace degree 2015-17 placed into an IT company with a BA role and a prior experience in IT too?
Is current account a liability or an asset for banks?
How can I prepare to enter private equity?
What is the salary of a stock trader?
I am 19 years old and I will be a junior in Northern Illinois University's accountancy program. What advice do you give?
What is the average stop-loss for Forex retail traders?
Did Ray Dalio's risk-parity all-weather strategy perform poorly during the 1970s, given the high inflation and the large long-term Treasury allocation?
I am B.Com graduate with 5 years of experience in banking and finance field living in Mumbai. What is the best possible way to find a good job in UAE?
What is the unit for repo rates (e.g., per annum, per month, etc.)?
What causes interest rates to change?
What does a perfect deal room look like? My company is setting up a deal room for private equity firms where it can have access to companies.
What is the best way to allocate 1 lac INR to India's debt & equity markets, etc.?
Should I got to the University of Texas and get an economics degree (with minor in Finance) or go to Texas A&M and get a Business degree in Finance?
What is the business model of euronet?
What are the courses related to finance or investment?
Why do people think we're in bubble territory when Warren Buffett says we're not?
How do you find the most profitable sectors in a downsizing (due to financial crisis) economy?
What is the Black-Scholes price?
Do you need to take AP math in order to get a master’s degree in finance?
Will an internship at a hedge fund make my college application stand out?
How can one understand the intrinsic value of a company and its products just from reading their financial statements?
Do I have to offer dividends when issuing equity to investors?
How do you enter into the field of finance, being from a non-finance background?
How much money do audit firm partners make?
What are some applications of the financial risk management?
Can closed-end funds raise money through banks by using their shares as collateral? Are there any other mechanisms available?
What is the NPV method of financial management?
How much does it cost to change partners after marriage?
Why would any company prefer to do a rights issue?
How do I invest in government bonds?
What are the perks of being in BCG financial + non-financial?
How do I get an internship while doing an MBA in finance?
What do the majority of people buy over the summer?
How can I find silent investors to provide financial support and assistance for my music?
How does one move from fixed income to equities?
How do I determine the control percentage when preparing consolidated financial statements, if a subsidiary is a partnership firm?
How long it takes a sum of money to double itself at 12% simple interest rate?
What is the job prospect after an MBA specialized in Finance/Operations?
As a fresh learner in mutual funds, what kind of work or projects can I do so that it will help me to learn about mutual funds in depth?
Should I sell my mutual funds SIPs units, and if so, when?
What would happen if even 5% of Indians became vegans?
In the balance sheet of a firm, the debt equity ratio is 2:1. The amount of long-term sources is Rs.12 lac. What is the tangible net worth?
How can a guaranteed investment offer a higher return compared to a corporate bond?
How does promoter share pledging work exactly?
What are good reasons to have no limits or restrictions on campaign finance?
What are open-end funds and close-end funds? How would you explain with an example?
Is a master’s programme mandatory if an MBA holder wants to go for a PhD in finance or economics abroad?
How is my internal rate of return equal to my cost of capital, but NPV is positive?
What would be the liability of the shareholders if the dividend they received was later proven to have been obtained from an illegal revenue source?
How do stock traders predict short term volatility from daily info and technical analysis?
What are the benefits of discounted rates, and why do companies use it?
Why does no one “unmask” Tai Lopez?
I have already invested in regular mutual funds. How can I switch to direct mutual funds?
Can I analyze sell-outs using (peak-low)- (peak-close) as a good approximation?
I am a Chattered Financial Analyst. After this I am planning to pursue dual MBA in finance and marketing. Will this be a good move?
How is it to switch a career from a role in finance company to a technical company in India?
How is the risk calculated for the leasing industry?
How much accounting do I need to know for a degree in finance or a career in investment banking?
What will be the future of discretionary trading (in comparison with the dominance of quant funds)?
How do I find the debt to equity ratio with these inputs?
Do I have to switch my long-term mutual fund if I predict a stock market crash?
Is it necessary that every NBFC have a minimum Net Owned Fund?
It was an asset but after 2 years that asset has to become a liability. What is it?
Which are the best mutual funds with tax exemption in which to invest in India?
What are the designations in the field of investment banking and their meaning?
Did banks want a guarantee from Mallya before sanctioning the loan?
Did Goldman Sachs stop investment banking in September 2008?
How would you make money with a time machine?
What are the best pieces of financial advice that will make me a millionaire?
If I have a small LLC business and I have different shareholders investing at different times, how do I calculate their returns?
On an appraisal document for a finance department, what objective do I need to set that are measurable and achievable within an appropriate timeline?
Hom much does CPA make in Goldman Sachs?
If an account balance is below zero, can money still be wired into it?
Which is an unbiased web site for mutual fund ratings?
How do I calculate the WACC for banks and manufacturing companies?
What is the present value of a $500,000 payment 9 years from now, if money earns at an annual rate of 3.45%, compounded continuously?
Is the increasing consolidation (as of 2017) of banking sector in US a good or a bad thing for US economy and consumers?
Could the GBP break the 1.3 USD barrier in June 2017 and rally all the way to 1.4 before year’s end?
Why does the Hertz Holdings stock keep going down, aside from posting bad earnings. Will it come back up?
Where can I get financial advice that benefits me more than the financial adviser selling it?
Should a manager use his personal money to finance a company's operations?
If you've been consistently trading and beating the SP500 for the past few years, how do you get seeded to scale up your operation?
On what basis does the share price of a company depends?
Do stock traders receive a percentage of what they trade if they trade 500 million at once?
What websites would you suggest to follow Canadian finance, business, and investments?
Are 401Ks a bad deal?
What is the best books on financial current affairs?
I am 19. Is it right for me to invest in mutual funds?
At UMBC, would you recommend studying in the business/finance field? Also, is the job market good for that major? A lot of people say it is too broad.
What makes for a good P&L statement?
What are BPO and KPO like for an MBA in finance?
How do I finance short sales? There are properties that I need full cash payments for. Is there a way to finance these homes in order to purchase more at once.
What are some missing features from personal finance management tools in India?
If hedge funds or big institutions can manipulate the market, why don't they get caught by the FBI?
How did margin debt work before the crash of 1929?
How is the float rate of a stock determined?
I have received over $500 for my birthday, and there is currently nothing I desire to have all that badly. What should I do with the money?
Which one should I choose, MSc in Banking and Finance at King’s College London or MSc in Finance and Management at Cranfield?
What are SARB impacts on the financial services sector?
What is behavioral finance and what is its scope?
How much can financial analysts make without experience?
How can you describe the process of securitization with example?
What is the role of mutual funds in India?
What does it mean to "follow the markets"?
How does a debt on a balance sheet go away?
How is a mutual fund’s NAV calculated?
What is the best way to manage your finances and savings?
Why did the Finance Ministry lower the interest rates on small savings schemes like PPF and KVP for the April-June quarter?
What are the benefits for a company secretary to join investment banking? How do I get started?
What does Gordon Miller think about a financial system without interest? Would we as humans be this advanced if we had a no-interest financial system?
Sensex is at all time high. Is it the right time to invest in mutual funds?
What are my odds of getting into a top MS/MSc finance program?
What were people's reactions when you told them you're a full-time trader?
How do I calculate returns of my portfolio for the year without taking account capital increase?
Given the current global geopolitical situation, is it a bad time to invest USDs in stocks or tracker funds?
Has anyone tried asset tracking and inventory management through LDAP? If so, what kind of assets do you track?
What are cash dividends on a balance sheet?
What are open end funds in mutual funds?
What are the six major areas of personal financial planning?
How many financial organisations are in the US?
Are equity research analysts restricted from trading for part time income in India? I buy/sell many trades within 30 days.
How did Gordon Miller start investing in private equity?
Financial Statement Analysis: What characteristics does a healthy income statement have?
Are you aware of the benefits and returns of the equity market?
Which has more job opportunities and career growth, MS in Finance or MBA in Finance? Which is more harder?
Does the Finance Act 2017 boost investments specifically with reference to personal finance?
What are fake bonds?
Is NPS tier 2 is a good alternative to mutual funds?
How do you spend your salary?
What will be the impact of shifting the financial year from April-March to January-December on the economy?
How do I invest in mutual funds based on NAV? The NAV I'm seeing now is applicable till what time? When should I transact?
How good is the B.Com. Banking and Finance course at Jain University, Bangalore?
How can I take loan to do trading in Indian stock market? What's the eligibility, limits, payback period, Interests, pros and cons of taking loans?
Why is the increase/decrease in lending, bank, and repo rates declared in terms of basis points rather than percentage points?
What is the stock Nifty’s trading strategy?
I would really appreciate your guidance. I have done a PGDMB in finance. However, I am keen to do a PhD in management. What is the procedure?
Where can I get the analysis of mutual funds for investment?
Is London the financial capital of the world?
How can I get finance for my running business to expand?
How financially stable are you?
Why is it important for an accountant to learn financial institutions and markets?
Why has stock market volatility been so low in 2017?
Are the percentage of returns declared by mutual funds on their unit face values or their NAVs?
Why does a mutual fund earn decreasing amounts of interest as years increase?
What were the factors that led to the creation of the bond rating industry, given that there is no similar counterpart for stocks?
What is a common reporting platform? What is the threshold limit after which Indian financial institutions report income to foreign institutions?
What makes a healthy balance sheet?
What is date saving in mutual funds?
What is a financial company?
What are the main reasons for defaulting on loans?
Could the bid-ask spread be negative?
Should I invest my money in mutual funds or in life insurance?
What are the best equity mutual funds in small & mid cap & multi cap?
How much does ETMoney take for providing the platform for investing in mutual funds?
Is there any bank that offers a non-secured loan for higher studies?
What are Ali AlShamsi's thoughts on "Good traders can take a bad strategy and still make it work" in regards to trading?
Do you know what are the most influential journals in financial audit and management control?
What do you think of Ally Invest’s managed portfolios (formerly TradeKing), for a beginner investor?
Where do mutual funds recruit in India?
Who do you recommend for working capital loans?
What should I do to get an accounting or finance related job in the Indian Defense Services? I have PG, CS and CA degrees in hand.
What is the difference between bond energy and bond formation?
Why is the Glenmark share price falling so rapildy?
If I bought put option contracts before a stock split, what happens to the underlying value of said contracts?
Which mutual Fund is best for SIP of Rs,5000 for 10 years?
Is the value of the MBS and CDO markets limited to the amount in loans that exist? Credit Default Swaps don't have this limit do they?
I have heard about contract finance a lot off late. What is contract finance?
Is JIIT in financial trouble?
What ICT skill would be valuable next to a finance study?
Do any hedge funds make markets like a prop shop? Why not? Who are the top providers of tick/volume data, or any other trading data?
Where can I find old analyst reports?
Is an Indian permitted to do derivatives trading in US markets?
Was there a global conspiracy behind the 2007-2008 stock market crash?
What are the 20 most used terms in the finance sector?
How can I choose between accounting and finance and economics and finance?
How will depreciation of vehicle affects its worth?
What factors influence the political equilibrium?
How can a CA fresher enter in the field of investment banking?
Trading - What is pair trade in stock market?
Is it a good idea to found a startup for financial independence?
What does the average day for a trader look like?
How does a profit-sharing loan work?
What is an MS finance?
Why do private equity firms hire strategy consulting firms?
How can a 62-year-old person attain financial freedom?
Does industry prefer articleships in statutory audit or risk advisory?
If you view a corporation as a fund, does C-suite compensation at an F500 do better than 2 and 20?
What types of Business Intelligence reports do banks require to operate on a daily basis?
What would happen to the stock price of a listed company if the only asset it possessed was a short position on its own stock? Assume the law allows this.
Is the debt-to-equity ratio generally less than or equal to the debt-to-asset ratio?
What purpose do Domestic Institutional Investors serve?
Is it a good time to invest 10 lacs in balance funds right now and which are the best funds to invest in?
Who manages the finance management of the IPL?
What is contract finance?
Would it be a good strategy to pick stocks by looking into funds’ asset allocation?
In the Indian market, which is the best mutual fund for a tax saver to invest in, during F.Y. 2017-18?
Do negative interest rates tell us there's something seriously wrong?
What is the role/importance of the Finance Commission in monetary policies?
How do I get a list of all stocks/bonds/funds in the world?
Theoretically, if the interest rate is 10% compounding quarterly, but I only invest in 2 months, then withdraw from it, will I get any interest?
How does a hedge fund buy stocks in a large volume without increasing the stock price?
What skills does Gordon Miller believe is required for a successful career in finance?
What is the difference between "Re-investment" and "Payout" in a mutual fund?
How do new startups get financed?
What sources did Ali Alshamsi use to learn about financial markets?
Can a chairman of a company use that company's asset/money for his personal sake?
What do you think about the future of the asset management business? The evolution of AI is very high. How will asset management companies be changed?
What is the role of finance commission in monetary policy?
Is it possible to compound an investment in an index fund?
What are the different business that are linked with the stock market (e.g. brokerage firms, mutual funds, etc.)?
Why did LIBOR rates hike in October of 2008?
When a company has a successful past and bright future, do we need to look at the price of its share while investing through SIP?
What is the entry test pattern for a BS in accounting and finance in IBA Karachi?
What is the settlement procedure of currency futures in NSE (National Stock Exchange)?
Financial literacy is critical for success, so why do most non-financial business owners avoid accounting and bookkeeping like the plague?
Why doesn't Barbados have an online asset (equity, bonds, etc.) trading platform?
Which is the best mutual fund to invest in Mid-caps?
Why do futures markets exist?
What kind of jobs can I get if I do an MSc in Biotechnology followed by an MBA in Finance or Economics?
Are Indian government employees allowed​ to act as an investor and garner equity share and profit in a private firm?
What are some best mutual funds and explain me why?
Has the issuance of the Singapore Savings Bonds by the government forced banks in Singapore to offer higher interest rates for term deposits?
If fix 1500000 with an interest rate ofof 10 percent for 6 months what will be total value after 6months?
How easy is it to find a Finance for a startup in Nigeria?
Which is a better college/university to pursue BBA in Finance?
Is Financial Modelling from EduPristine worth it or not?
Which regulated exchanges do I have access to, as an EU citizen living in Mexico, for Bitcoin (BTC), Ripple (XRP) or Ethereum (ETH)?
What is a PE value?
How does quantitative easing affect the exchange rate of a currency?
Which mutual fund is good to invest in for 5-6 years? I want to start a SIP with 6K.
Can a MA in International Political Economy (in Warwick for example) lead to a career in finance?
Why would anyone buy public debt issues with negative interest? Why pay to lend our money?
Where can I find tutorials on how to read a balance sheet?
Is Ujjivan Financial Services a stock to buy now?
Is mutual fund high risk?
How important Bloomberg lab is for MBA finance?
Can mutual fund investments done for 10 years be withdrawn after 5 years?
Is buying a 1995 Mercedes a good investment? (Typical cost is $4000)
What is a “short buildup” in options?
Is it good to have a fixed price with 5-10% margin or let the customers bargain by telling them a rate 40-50% more?
Is it wise to invest in fixed deposits?
What do professional stock traders think of Tastyworks?
Suppose I want to buy a Suzuki Hayabusa. An offer says up to 100% financing at 10.50% p.a. What is the minimum salary to be eligible for the loan?
How should I prepare my CV if I wish to apply for a top financial company like Goldman Sachs or Morgan Stanley after my B.Tech from an IIT?
Should I cash in a portfolio that returned 25% last year to help pay for college?
Which one should I choose, between Punjab National Bank and the Bank of India, and why?
What is the best app or site for checking a company’s financial ratios?
Is this the right time to invest in Indian markets? If yes, what are the best stocks to invest in for the short term and and also for mutual funds?
What is a financial problem?
I want to start stock market trading. I know theoretical concepts. How should I start?
Can hedge funds invest in other hedge funds?
Why aren't Treasuries callable like most corporate bonds?
Which industries' stock prices are most affected by fed's monetary policy?
Which firms do you recommend to manage one's portfolio? Is it advisable to invest with them?
If everyone who invested in the stock market was required to sell at year 10 exactly, what would be the result?
How do investment banks realize/monetize their profits in IPOs?
Which financial institution would give the maximum interest payoff in a year, if I deposit a sum of one crore rupees?
How can I invest in Wikipedia?
How can I organize my checking account like my computer files?
Do the banks get interest for CRR or SLR from the RBI?
In which mutual fund do you invest a lump sum amount of Rs. 50,000 for 3 years?
Who do you contact in Manhattan to start a financial company on Wall Street if you're willing to invest $1 million?
Has anyone worked with ProBizAdvisor finance firm that deals with debt restructuring, CFO services, funding, and a lot more for SMEs?
Fed up working in SBI as an Associate, should I switch to some private sector job (MBA-finance) or wait for my promotion as an Assistant Manager?
How can I make my career in finance domain?
What are the ways to tackle non performing assets?
What should the ideal tracking error be of a portfolio manager having 7% active risk?
Why are pension reserves kept on a US company's balance sheet, making them vulnerable to that company's potential bankruptcy?
How can I finance a computer with no credit?
How do hedge funds who have heavily invested into China get money back out of China considering the new capital outflow restrictions in China?
What is the asset market approach (regarding exchange rates)?
What are the best books on personal finance budgeting?
What are shares, bonds, and investments?
How might one get into finance, and is it a profitable career choice?
Between a hedge fund manager and an investment banker, who is better?
Do actively managed mutual funds generally outperform or underperform passive funds in a bear market?
How do financial institutions impact business firms?
When a government or corporate bond is first issued, how is its price determined? Can it be purchased at par value or does its value depend on market interest rates as it would do when being traded on the secondary market?
What happened to bonds that you bought at half their face value?
What is the best undergrad degree for a master’s in Finance?
Which are the top 10 colleges for an MBA in Finance, in India?
What are some hedge funds that have a very minimal/static page website?
What is the function of the Bank of India which is a nationalized bank?
Is B.Com accounting and finance useful for a CA?
Why is my appraisal fee for a home loan so high, at 1097$, from Bank of America?
Why does behavioral finance lack an unified coherent theorem or model?
What is BPS (i.e., basis point in banking)?
What was it like to be an young investment banker selling derivatives back in the day? Do you still have all the millions you earned?
Can a zero account holder get an interest rate on the amount or on the zero account?
How many mutual funds are there in India at the moment (May 2017)?
Are intangible assets allowed to value a pre-IPO company?
What is the best short-term investment fund I can make with 10k in India?
How hard is it to find a job in London with an MSc in Theoretical Physics from KCL?
In Google's cash flow statement, what’s the difference between stock-based comp expenses and net payments related to stock-based award activities?
What is a better subject, accounting or finance?
How does the put-call parity work with zero strike calls?
Are mutual funds still a good option for investment, or are there better and safer investment options available?
Why did investment banks crash in 2008 even with their high-tech computer analysis?
How do I track mutual fund activities on a monthly basis?
Why do investors lose money even when most experts like Buffet and other successful investors openly cast opinions?
How do I decide what is the right time & what type of mutual funds to invest in?
Is the www.simplemoney.in website reliable? This website is showing the mutual funds’ consolidation statements.
What happens if the strike price is not reached in put options?
Did anyone predict the Icelandic banking crisis?
What does the financial system consist of?
Are there any teen contributed finance and general news magazines?
Is it beneficial to take out a personal loan for investing in a mutual fund?
Flip or Coursera? Which is bettter for a certification course in banking for an MBA finance student?
Where can I find all of the basic information about mutual funds and shares?
Is Manappuram Finance a value pick at the level of 90 for a 2-year time horizon?
What certifications do I need to do along with PGDM (finance) from an average college to get a good package?
How tough is it to get into IE business school for doing a masters in finance?
Why do we not deduct prepaid expenses from C assets in the case of current ratios as in quick ratios?
How can I get good interest rates without stocks? I just want to leave it in a liquid savings account with very good interest.
Do hedge funds hire actuaries and what are their mission in a hedge fund?
How valuable is a postgraduate diploma in finance from LSE? Can it land me a job in major IBs?
How can I pick a good financial planner? I'm looking for someone to help me structure my finances for a long term strategy and not sell products etc.
Which mutual fund or stock can give me highest ever returns in 5 years?
Does an increase in shareholders' equity mean a future increase in the share price?
How do equity research analysts decide to put more efforts studying certain periods/quarters than others?
How does private equity work, especially in film and television programmes?
If a stock can be hedged by long/short futures then why do hedge fund manager use delta hedging?
As an owner of a company, what should I look for in my company's statement of financial position and income statement?
Why do only 1% of Indians invest in the financial markets?
Why do people take the CFA if those who have it generally underperform an index?
What are the highlights of the 14th Finance Commission?
Are children​ assets or liabilities​, in terms of life, reality, finance, and the future​?
How can I achieve financial security at age 40? I'm an intelligent woman. Single mom, worked and raised 2 boys. Yet still have nothing financially.
Why do investment banks always get fined? Are they fined too much or too little?
At what price is it wise to get onboard the ethereum train? Given I will invest to hold for 5 years at least.
Is my credit score important for an apartment loan or any commercial loan?
Is it the right time to invest a lump sum amount in an equity savings fund (hybrid fund), as people are expecting the bull phase of the market to continue?
What does "buoyant financial markets" mean?
Why is EV/EBITDA less prone to changes in capital structure and accounting standards?
What does the recent centrist win in France depict for Eurozone's economy?
What is the oldest bond mutual fund?
Can a skilled trade business owner like a plumber take home 3 million dollars a year in California?
How is the work like in the Operations division at Goldman Sachs in Bangalore?
Which are some good financial advisory firms in Mumbai for strategic funding?
What could catalyze the decline and / or end of high frequency trading?
What is the usefulness of a Leased Letter of Credit, bank guarantee, etc.? Can these leased assets be monetized for the purpose of raising funds?
Do originating banks provide individual debtor credit prospectuses for investors to perform due diligence prior to purchasing asset backed securities?
How can India achieve financial inclusion? And how could an entrepreneurial venture help in the same?
What’s the difference between securities and investments?
How do you handle finances in your marriage?
How is financial statements analysis used in value investing?
Which is a better option in financial management: CFA or MS?
What is the subscribed capital of the member if 16,000,000 shares has a par value of 2000?
Which specialization is better and in demand among marketing, Finance and Operations in Business Analytics?
Why does liabilities come first in the balance sheet?
How many CPA eligibility credits will I get for MBA in finance and accounting?
What skills do I need to obtain to become a volatility trader at a hedge fund?
With the market at an all-time high and a heavy inflow of money in mutual funds, is it advisable to invest in MF?
If we require funds, can we get private funds for running a company from somewhere even though our company's account is NPA?
What are some ways we can sustainably finance a universal basic income?
Which books related to finance could be of great help to an MBA student?
Will the import duty of 125% on luxury/sports cars be slashed after the roll out of GST on July 1st?
If mutual funds give returns of 10% and above, why are banks eager to give home loans for 8.8% and less?
Is it possible for me to deposit 10L as FD, take an overdraft, and lend 8L to my friend at 24% interest? Can I make 8+23% yearly, after paying overdraft interest of 1%?
As a financial analyst, how could you have found out Valeant Pharmaceuticals was a fraud?
What is the impact of the “Shrinking Alpha” on quantitative trading?
Which is the best mutual fund for 2017?
What does it mean when an owner says they will finance at 25% down, 6%, with a 5 year balloon and I get to pick the amortization?
What are the different ways to determine projected earnings growth of a company?
What are some financial data services which provide insider transactions on Asian stocks for retail investors?
Which is better, Indian School of Business and Finance or St. Xavier’s, Bombay?
What is rebalance in a mutual fund?
Should I go for an MBA or an M.Fin after undergrad if I want to be a financial analyst on Wall Street?
What kind of financing can I obtain if I have a AAA-rated off-take agreement?
What should I do to increase my chances to get a Finance internship?
Why do we not add non cash expenses to calculate interest coverage ratio?
Does it make sense to do CFA after you already got entry in the investment banking domain as an associate post MBA?
How do speculate fund tips providers know the FII & DII activity?
What do you mean by variable reserved ratio?
What is the best idea to invest short term $2,000?
Is it more profitable to go into engineering or finance?
As an accounts payable executive, what extra courses can I do which can help me in building my career in finance?
Which is the best in Australia: Finance, HR, or marketing?
Is there an association exclusively dedicated to multifamily asset managers?
How or where does one buy junk bonds?
What do you mean by government finance?
How are the placements at IIBS? Which field has more scope between marketing and finance?
Are there manual traders at hedge funds and are they good?
How do you give a company's revenue numbers authority?
Can the foreigner buy mutual funds in Germany?
What is the concept of a forward market intervention by the central banks?
What do experts believe a person should have before investing?
How is an equity analyst different from a fixed income analyst?
Which is the best bank to take out an education loan with, without collateral security, at a low interest rate?
What metrics are used by management/innovation consulting firms- EBITDA multiples, comps, DCF, economic value (ROIC-WACC) or otherwise?
What is the best way to turn $100 into $500?
What is credit risk management?
Would you advise someone to invest in government security bonds?
What are some must kmow terms in banking?
What are some of the roles of financial intermediaries?
What is a memorandum balance sheet?
Which is a better option - CFA or MBA in finance?
What is the meaning of stylized facts in finance?
How can Vijay Mallya not finance/sustain Kingfisher Airlines but can finance/sustain Force India Formula One Team?
If an asset account has a credit balance, it is automatically considered as abnormal account?
Where can I find the amount of outstanding consumer debt, listed by biggest bank in descending order?
How is a rental yield similar to a PE ratio?
What are the exit opportunities for an execution trader at a macro fund?
What are some of the best renewable energy mutual funds to invest in India?
What are some tips for building a sustainable career as an annual report photographer?
How does the UN earn funding and financial support to keep this organization running well?
Are profesional finance qualifications better than academic finance qualifications?
Why are more people enrolling in the CFA even though finance jobs are being automated away?
Can the liquid mutual fund amounts be considered as the proof of funds for the PNP program or does it have to be bank statements, FDs, RDs?
What is a rights issue exactly?
How intense are the economics and finance programs at the University of Bristol?
What is free cash flow hypothesis?
Do the trustees of some mutual funds have the power to impose personal liability on shareholders?
Which is not an element of the life insurance business - assets, risk, principle of mutuality, and subsidies?
What should I do in order to invest in mutual funds?
What is captured in a price to NAV ratio that is not captured in the WACC?
How do mortgage backed securities improve balance sheet ratios?
What does "the average price of transactions of agents" mean? Is it the midpoint price?
Is it worth it to do PGDM (finance) at IFIM Bangalore?
Can I invest all my savings in different types of mutual funds (DEBT, largeCap, Midcap), or I have to go with FD?
How do I come out of a financial crisis without investing any additional capital?
When are expense ratios charged on mutual funds? Are they prorated for new investors?
From where and when can I buy NHAI and RECL bonds?
What are importance of financial markets in an economy?
What should I look for in an income statement?
What are India's most debt-ridden companies?
While calculating CAR, is 1.25% of total risk-weighted assets included in Capital Tier 2?
Where can I find a list of non-banking financial services (NBFIs)?
Have banks artificially inflated house prices by providing loans? Without loans they'd be cheaper, right?
Why does a small company need to prepare a financial report?
How do I register bonds with SEC?
What would the pros and cons of a consumption-based taxation system be vis-a-vis the current production-based one?
How do lending agencies determine their rates for income-based loans?
What can an undergraduate student majoring in economics/finance do to have an advantage over other students?
What are the best ways to make >10% annual interest rate on an investment (as a non-USA resident)?
What is the best way to become a finance manager, doing an MBA (finance), completing a CA or is there another method?
What qualities do I need to have to get into the topmost investment banking companies?
Is odd-lot trading allowed in your main exchange or country?
Can Vanguard further decrease the cost ratios of their passively managed funds by utilizing machine/AI/automatic trading?
When is it not worth it anymore to invest in skills, but on appreciative assets?
I want to invest 1000 rs p.m. in an equity mutual fund for 20 years. Which mutual fund would be best for this purpose?
How do hedge funds use stop losses?
How do you speculate in a market that is in a bubble?
Why is it that there is such a discrapency between the interest rates that different banks give for high yield savings account?
What is the difference between required rate of return and dividends?
Why do we take the cost of capital as a discount rate to calculate present value?
What is a constant yield method of an amortization?
How should angel investment be booked on a cash flow forecast?
Which is the best bank to take personal loan from at lowest rate?
How do I develop a deeper understanding of the stock market, and basically the secondary market? Please suggest ways to learn more or the names of some good books on finance and economics, etc.?
Are physical assets more important than intellectual assets?
What is a “mid-cap fund” in the case of mutual funds?
The NAV value of one of the mutual funds(Which i was thinking to invest) in my watch-list has decreased by 7(47 to 40). Should I invest in that now?
Are there any crytocurrencies traded on the Nasdaq?
What are some good finance apps for SMBs?
How do you repatriate offshore funds?
How do I grow my money 15-20% doing long-term stock investments (5-10 years)?
What are the career opportunities in the analytics field after an MBA in system and finance?
If a mutual fund scheme does not declare any dividends then will the NAV of the growth and dividend option remain the same?
What is the role of the finance department?
What's the maximum rate of interest in an NBFC bank in India?
Why do long-term Treasuries and gold shoot up at the same time during a flight to safety, given that both are contradictory inflationary plays?
Which company offers internships in Chandigarh for MBA finance students?
I’m a finance professional (IB + private equity) moving to an early-stage startup in a COO/lead business development role. How can I best prepare myself to excel?
In what manner can discount rates affect the economy?
Can we depreciate all fixed assets? I mean all, starting from PCs till furniture. Why yes or why no?
What are the consultancy services offered to financial institutions and what problems do they address?
Will the House pass the Financial Choice Act this month?
Is there a difference between the optimal portfolio and the minimum variance portfolio?
What is contingent interest and difference to defensible interest?
Should I get a job in India with a BA hons in international business and finance?
What is the best course to pursue after an MBA in finance?
What are trade-related investment measures?
How can a car become an appreciating asset?
How does a company use my money invested in equity?
I am in NYC, with an advanced business degree, running out of savings fast. How can I find a summer job ASAP? (not waiting table kind job)
Which flip certification module adds value to an MBA finance student?
Is Sensex’s rise related to the availability of more money with fund managers rather than the growth of companies?
During IPO bidding, where is the blocked amount of investors stored until shares have been allocated to them?
What is the best financial advice you have ever received?
What effect does decreasing CAD have on mutual funds?
Which one is better, an MBA in finance or a master’s in statistics?
Is a broker necessary to invest in Indian stocks?
Are there any mutual fund in India which are giving more than 20% return continuously for more than 5 years?
What is the annual return using acorn investing?
Are there any good cryptocurrency mutual funds or ETFs?
Why does the U.S. have such low foreign-exchange reserves?
What is the difference between cash credit and working capital demand loan?
Where could I find easy to digest data (e.g., earnings and forecasts) on Hong Kong stocks online akin to NASDAQ's analyst research page?
How can we start finance business?
How does one design an index fund?
Which institution is best to study at in India, in order to become an investment banker?
Can anyone elaborate the difference between Money bill and Finance bill?
Would you be able get funding for a film that is not likely to make a huge return?
Is getting a job at Google in finance as hard as it is for coding/engineering?
What is the value of a professional financial advice?
Will Yes Bank be held accountable for doing Rs 4000 crore under reporting of bad assets?
What are good thesis topics in finance combined with data science?
Are Ripple, Nem and Stellar just Pump and Dumps, Ponzis or outright scams?
What is the taxation on money market funds in India? Do they have a similar treatment as the other debt funds?
I’m having many business ideas in various fields, but no money, not even to survive properly. What should I do to get the money to start work on some ideas?
What is the difference between reflux ratio, vaporization ratio, and relative volatility in binary distillation problems?
Which is the best PG course for a textile technologist?
Which Debt/Equity Ratio do you use when calculating WACC?
What are the things to be considered for starting an asset management firm in India?
Why might non-current assets not be the same as market value?
How should I plan my career if I aspire to be a hedge fund manager or an investment banker?
What is the difference between debt securities and bonds?
Which are the most successful stock market investment stories?
Do investment bankers have to act in alignment with the client’s best interest?
If you were placing an intrinsic value on an Ethereum coin as if it were a stock, what model would you use?
What are the ways that a company can defraud its creditors?
In terms of the finance sector, which institute is better, Harvard or INSEAD?
How can I invest in mutual funds? What is the step by step process?
What is a sellable asset value?
What's the median package at JBIMS for an MSc in finance for top 10 students (in a batch of 30)?
Does the volatility of a stock or asset affect the commission that a broker charges?
Given the good results and a low P/E ratio, what is your view on Karnataka Bank for the long-term?
How are mutual funds managed by the fund managers?
What exactly does a hedge fund company do and how can one benefit from their services?
What are "option markets" in finance?
What would happen if everybody in India invests in mutual funds?
Is it worthwhile to get an MBA from a top business school if I already have an MS in Finance?
How and why is debt sold?
What are some good books to read about finance, entrepreneurship, saving/investing and similar types?
Can the balance of an asset on a standalone basis be more than the balance on a consolidated basis?
Which is the better college, FMS IRM in Jaipur or SKIPS in Ahmedabad for an MBA in finance?
What is a twin balance sheet problem?
Why don’t banks follow the base rates set by the government?
Why is depreciation a credit item in a trial balance?
Is developing a manual portfolio tracker web app a good idea?
I want to buy index funds. Are there any European online trading platforms that allow you to buy index funds?
Can great wealth be made from business alone or is investment required?
Why do companies pay dividends?
What Vskills certification is the best in terms of pursuing an MBA in Finance?
In the United Kingdom, are banks mandated to hire external counsel on loan transaction/deals?
For an American who makes $500k a year, how much of that do they get to keep after taxes?
What should I do if an activist hedge fund bought a lot of shares in a company I'm invested in?
Is it fair to say that the UK government actively promotes London as a financial capital, while the US government doesn't care as much about NYC?
Which financial instrument (including derivatives) has the highest trading volume in the US markets?
How much can I invest in a fund house in a year?
What is the best way to double my money quickly?
Why did the stock price of Edelweiss Financial Service fall today?
What is meant by a fixed charges coverage ratio?
Why is the silver market so volatile as compared to the gold market?
What is the standard expenditure audit process?
What is equity and derivative market?
Which bank has lowest interest rate for education loan & what are requirements for taking loan up to Rs 30 lakhs?
Is there a better ETF fund than Vanguard's VFIAX?
How is the depreciation of different vehicles calculated?
Why are assets and expenses debited, and liabilities and revenue credited?
What are examples of the impact of the financial market on the growth and behavior of businesses?
What are the mathematics topics used when studying for an MBA in finance in India?
For a master’s in management, should I specialize in finance?
What if financial institutions stipulated that prospectuses should be approved by them?
Why is Venezuela in such bad shape financially?
Considering that I am young and have zero liabilities - how do I become rich investing in equity and mutual funds?
Which are the best universities for MBA (finance) in Germany?
What does the company you work for do in financial markets?
How can bad debt expense values be used for determining the financial health of a company?
What is spread pricing in banking?
What is the difference between uncovered and covered interest rate parity?
What is an appropriate rate of return on a business purchase?
Will the "Dave" overdraft protection app be able to help poor people?
What will be the effect of interest rates for home loans, if a war is started?
How frequently are mutual fund portfolios (stock holding of MFs) updated in Moneycontrol/ValueResearch?
What would be a good theme for an MSc thesis in equity evaluation methods: accounting versus finance analysts?
Are there industrial engineers in finance/banking?
Which is the best mutual fund in which to invest 30k in a lump sum in India for five years?
What is the formula for rate of return?
What are the benefits of equity investment in our country?
What is the nav (rate) of REC bonds and NHAI bonds?
Last year, Third Point (hedge fund) made a big deal about hiring a data chief (Matt Ober). What do people in the quant industry think of this guy?
What are the best options for Investments before world war, if it happens?
What's it like to go out at night as a banker?
How do government bonds function?
Does financial market research ever use discrete data?
What is the NNP with relation to capital depreciation?
What is the best plan to invest in mutual funds for beginners?
What is the best university to study accounting and finance in India?
Are there any good “small investment but high profits” projects?
What’s the value of the bond. Should it be bought? What is its yield at maturity?
What are some businesses I can start in high school that revolve around asset management/finance?
If I buy mutual funds through online, when can I sell it?
What is a good way to invest €50,000, besides real estate, funds, shares, and bonds, with an investment horizon of 10-20 years and a moderate risk tolerance?
Does long-term investing in India have any risks? If yes, what are they? What are the ways to nullify the risk involved?
How do I sell internationally without losing money on currencies exchange rates?
How can the balance sheet be balanced if a company takes out a loan?
How do I start an online platform for stock and mutual fund trading in India? What registrations are required?
As a technology analyst at a financial firm, what are some of the most important concepts you should know?
Which method of accounting is used to prepare consolidated financial statements using TALLY?
Can a person with a small amount of capital, e.g. $100, earn money through day trading?
Why do we need people with the CFA with robot advisors taking over our finances?
Would an MBA in finance after a bachelors in accounting and marketing be beneficial?
What's so bad about big banks?
What is the main difference between capital reserve and reserve capital?
What is the main purpose of financial forecasting?
What is depreciation of money?
What are some cheapest educational institutions in Australia for a postgraduate diploma in finance?
What are the different kinds of debt instruments which developed in India post liberalization?
How do I know the price earning ratio for the banking industry?
By the age of 25, are CA CFA FRM good enough qualifications?
How do you calculate the level of finance needed for a business?
If we know a new financial crisis is coming, what should we do as a trader?
What are the current PhD research topics in Stochastic Process applied in finance?
How do I analyze a mutual fund before investing?
What are some good low cost/fee, mid-cap index funds?
What is the difference between a private equity fund and an equity fund and which one is better for the long term?
How much does JP Morgan pay at IIM Calcutta for finance, and how much money will one clear after cutting all the bonuses?
What isn’t a capital structure problem?
MBA Finance Currently I m working as Trade Finance operations profile & willing to appear for FRM exam & will my previous experience will be useful?
How does an SIP in mutual funds across five separate equities work? How would I start?
Do you get finances if you are successful on Quora?
Which level in the fair value hierarchy does a financial instrument belong to, whose bid-ask prices are only quoted by the issuer?
Can you tell me whether my understanding of the difference between capital receipt and capital profit, which is explained below, is correct?
Which questions would you ask directly after getting promoted as managing director for a seed investment firm within a family office to reduce risks?
Is registering in BF Utilities useful for mutual fund investments?
Do you have a copy of an investment fund presentation I can review from Renaissance Technologies, DRW, or Jump?
What are some good institutes in Kolkata to learn finance management and wealth management?
What is CAN registration, with respect to mutual fund trading?
What are the common errors committed while trading?
After dismissal from a bank, can I get a job based on banking experience without an experience certificate?
What is the 50-year average return of the stock market globally (country-wise)?
Can depreciation be withdrawn by the owner?
Is MSc in finance from LBS a good course?
What are the best academic books on finance?
I am from engineering background. Can I make my career in finance?
Why does the market still use credit ratings when there is credit default swaps to indicate credit risk?
Which tools are the best to manage my businesses cash flow?
What does NNA mean in business analysis or finance?
Could I verify/trace my mutual fund investments with a PAN number since I have not maintained any record of my investments?
What will I get if I invest $1000 in 20 years with 4% interest rate?
Is there any alert or other way to find out what new stocks Indian mutual fund houses are buying or increasing the stakes on? I don’t want to check it fund by fund.
How much bigger did the US national debt get following the 2008 stock market crash?
A bank will lend 80% of the $10M required to purchase a business. Aside from my talent to run it, what should I offer an investor if they put up the other $2M?
What are the job prospects after getting an MBA in finance?
Has anyone invested in DHFL Swayamsidha deposit for women?
What is a free finance API that replaces the old Yahoo API for things like PEG ratio, EPS, etc. for Google spreadsheets?
How do I copy successful traders?
What is the difference between gross and net?
What personality traits are advantageous for Wall Street?
How can you calculate change in net working capital?
Which are the good institutes providing training on Foreign Exchange Risk Management and Treasury Management in Kolkata or suitable online mode?
How do I start investing in mutual funds using the SBI MF website?
What exactly caused the stock market to crash in 1929?
What is mutual fund in India? Is it beneficial?
Which coding language is best for the financial market?
What books must be read for improving financial literacy?
What is the difference between the true rate and the flat rate in banks and leasing companies, and how is it calculated?
Will a master’s in FinTech help me in pursuing a career in hedge fund management?
Why would young entrepreneurs consider borrowing funds from a private lending company?
How do I start a hedge fund with 15 lakhs, by trading for other people in their name?
Which is the best way to become a finance manager- by doing an MBA, by completing CA, or by any other method? Which would be the most helpful in the future?
What's the possibility of succeeding in business when borrowing from financial institutions?
What's the best risk control system for hedge funds?
What are the benefits of paying tax in Norway?
Which CLG is the best for an MBA in finance outside of India?
How did Drexel Burnham get to dominate high-yield bonds in Wall Street in the 1980s given that it was not a big player then?
What is the difference between an actuary and an investment banker? Can one do an investment banking course?
What is the difference between economic help and financial help?
I wish to scale my family business of apparel retail.I want to introduce proper systems so that it can run without me.How should i delegate work?
Why is it important to learn financial institutions and markets?
What is the best way to change from a career in Finance to a career in software engineering?
What are the best finance job portal abroad from India?
How can I understand finance and foreign trade easily?
How do you cash a surety bond?
What will happen if I got rid of my comprehensive and collision? What will my car financing institution do?
What is margin money in loans?
What is management audit?
Which mutual fund or stocks are best to invest 25 lakhs income to get more surplus amount in the next 5 years?
How do I issue a corporate guarantee?
What should be a reasonable operating margin for a vertical online platform/marketplace business (like HelloTech, TaskRabbit or similar)?
What is the difference between what the investment banks did and what Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac did to cause the financial crisis?
What are the educational requirements for an MBA in Canada (finance) as well as a masters in finance in Canada? (I am from India.)
Can you trust a private bank to manage your money and not skim the funds?
Why is residual value divided by the WACC?
Is it feasible to do an LBO on a small business?
How did customers from developing countries pay for goods and services to suppliers from other countries?
What are the types of mutual funds? How can I choose the suitable one for me?
How can a person with a sound financial family background get funds for a business without any help from their family?
What qualities do a good financial adviser have?
Why do Indian mutual fund companies mostly buy banking stocks? Is buying long-term banking stocks a good strategy?
How did London become Europe's financial hub despite the world's highest stamp fee of 0.5% for the London Stock Exchange?
How long do I have to forecast FCF for a valuation?
What are the countries where a Certified Financial Planner (CFPcm) can get a job?
What should I do if I know for sure that there's gonna be a huge stock exchange crash?
What are the 7 reasons why you are financially broke?
What would be the salary of a junior manager finance in RITES?
What is the scope of an MBA in finance for an electrical engineer if he is working in the power sector?
How do I use stock exchange game?
How do I calculate a simple rate of return?
What do you learn in a Financial Engineering course?
How can you tell the difference between “Good “ Investments and “Bad” investments?
Is there such a thing as a low risk, high yield investment or is there always the inverse relationship?
How does Excellon 5 help with financial capabilities?
What is the book-building process in an IPO?
How do equity analysts learn about an industry that they don't know anything about when starting to research an industry?
What are bank government securities?
How do I calculate the yield or price of a perpetual bond?
What is meant by securities premium reserve/account in a balance sheet? How important is it, and what can we analyze with this in a balance sheet?
Why is Divi’s Laboratories stock tanking? Based on a DCF model, it’s worth more than the current price (~570 rupees), so is there any rationale behind the drop?
Are there any quantities that are conserved in Finance (apart from money)?
Where can I learn microfinance?
Should my son take a joint major in economics and mathematics at UCSD or accounting and finance at Warwick?
Are there any futures contracts with 1-day terms?
How do you calculate daily amortization on a loan with variable daily payments?
Why are central banks buying stock securities around the world?
Which companies are hiring for accounting/finance departments in India?
What do you look for when investing in a stock and reading annual reports?
Who do you think has a better future - a quantitative researcher at hedge fund like Citadel or a proprietary trader at Jane Street?
Can I do CFA level 2 during June if I have just finished my degree in May and am awaiting my results?
What are the future prospects for a career in investment banking?
What is the logic behind making so much money and giving it away, like Warren Buffett has done?
Is there any opening in investment banking in Pune?
If everyone keeps saying that buying an option is a losing trade, who keeps buying options?
What is the average brokerage fee for mutual funds in India?
How do you know if your investment is fairly valued?
Will the US declare war on Bitcoin anytime? Why not?
Which stocks should I start investing?
Should I go with Jagoinvestor financial planners or Edelweiss planners, or is there any better financial planning company/planner?
What does an MBA in finance and operations deal with?
How does one learn to understand Bloomberg's articles?
Which is the better option, an unsecured loan or a secured loan?
What technical skill set is required for an MBA finance graduate?
Which index funds should I buy?
What are the mitigation measures when net present value is high?
How does Pramod Kumar find stocks for options trading?
Given the market run up, is it a more prudent option to invest in the dividend option of an existing mutual fund?
What business can be done today in India with finances of, say, 2 crore?
How good are Khanacademy's finance and capital market courses?
Do professional investors really believe in risk-return trade-off? (i.e. one requires higher expected return if standard deviation is higher)
Is education a worthy asset to invest in, with the current high levels of unemployment in my country?
Intuitively, if I am in the money, why does my delta go down if my volatility goes up?
What is the potential of mutual fund distribution in India?
How can I become a CPA in Ontario with a BBA Finance degree in hand from Sheridan/Seneca?
In layman’s terms, what exactly happened in the market crash of 2008?
Is this the right time (May 2017) to invest in mutual funds, as the market is at an all-time high?
Can a candidate with no mathematic background opt for MSC finance in JBIMS?
What are the factors to consider before parking funds in a foreign country?
Is it possible that Target had 25 billion in sales in 1996?
What are the disadvantages to consider of non-performing loans?
Is it normal in the business world to get fired the way Trump fired FBI Director Comey for doing his job?
Can you review my mutual fund portfolio?
What kind of financial math should a shareholder know?
What are the best financial books related to Indian market economy?
What is the simplest way to start investing with high yield returns for a newbie?
What was the reaction of people all over the globe after the great Wall Street crash of 1929?
Which are the stocks that frequently rise?
What are derivative markets?
Do mortgage-backed securities have tranches? How are CDOs related to mortgage-backed securities?
Is it good to change an existing SBI home loan interest at the base rate of 9.25% to an MCLR interest rate of 8.80% with Rs. 7,500 conversion charges?
What are some of the advice and guidance you would give to hedge fund aspirant?
What are the main reasons that prevents Indians to invest in mutual funds?
What is the top growth stock mutual funds?
How do you take into account currency volatility in your ARR calculations if selling abroad?
How can I put my money on an index fund?
What are the criteria to arrive at the judgment that the investment in a particular stock is really a value investment? What is the rule?
Do the low treasury rates protect us from a stock crash?
Why did SEBI make it mandatory for companies to dilute at least 25% of the total ownership?
Where can I get a list of countries available on Google Finance Currency Converter?
What is the additional charge applied by Sharekhan for mutual fund SIP transactions compared to banks?
Does betfair exchange offers financial bets like FTSE or Dow Jones to back and lay?
How much accounting do you need to know in order to be a Quantitative/Mathematical Finance major? What is the math that is required for this?
Are returns earned from all liquid mutual funds tax-free?
Which mutual fund performance measurement ratios (Sharpe, Sortino, Treynor, information, alpha) best describes its performance?
What are your thoughts on the following accounting question: What are the factors that go into deciding between cash flow vs accrual accounting?
What is capital revenue ?
As an IPCC student with keen interest in finance, what is the ed-ex or cousera, else any other online courses best suited for me?
What are capital structure weights?
What is the difference between cash inflows and outflows?
How can I manage my budget with a take home salary of 15k, if I started a 2k mutual fund investment?
What is risk and uncertainty in capital budgeting?
Would it be a perfect hedge if I had a cash index portfolio with a beta of 1.0, and also shorted the SP500 futures with the same nominal value?
How can a physics undergrad get a job as a trader/quant trader, or anything similar, in the financial industry?
Where can I apply my knowledge of finance and economics?
Is it true that the total investment of all of the projects in OBOR is $1 trillion? If yes, how will China invest/fund such a massive programme?
What is the salary of an MBA graduate with 4 years of experience in the finance domain, in Bahrain?
Is it wise to withdraw state retirement funds to invest in stock or other higher yield funds? I will be making a job change and I'm under 30.
What would be 2017's value of Rs.100 crore in the year 2000? What methodology is used to calculate it?
What is the meaning of the statement 'Company has declared a final dividend of Rs.2.50 per equity share of Rs.5/- each for the financial year XXXX’?
I find there are hardly any companies hiring CA freshers in core finance areas. What are the companies that would provide me better opportunities?
How do sinking fund provisions differ from normal bond provisions?
In SAP Finance certification, what are the differences among C_TS4FI_1610, C_TS4FI_1511, and C_SSF_1503?
Did James Comey work for Bridgewater, a hedge fund described as a "cult," just before he was chosen as FBI chief?
Is a midcap fund equity-oriented or debt-oriented?
What are the best books for financial modelling?
What are the differences between a nominated bank, advising bank, negotiating bank, reimbursing bank, and confirming bank?
What does Warren Buffett look for in financial reports of companies?
What is the difference between profit booking and market correction?
Where can I find data for a study on bond market crashes (bond price quotes and option put quotes)?
What is the best way to financially help someone?
How do top value investment funds conduct due diligence?
What is the importance of financial analysis for a new venture?
What courses will help credit underwriters in the financial sector?
Why mining as a wasting assets?
Is it ok to open a mutual fund account through HDFC with Birla Sun Life saying that I will get my corpus back in 6 -10 years, and then switch funds after that?
What is the historical data of a company’s bond being liquidated? What is the process of this?
Are there bubbles that are not stock market, gambling or loan related but could lead to financial or even personal or human disasters?
How do you securely manage your investments online?
What is the negative impact of interest to the society?
Which is the best direct mutual fund Robo-advisor in India?
How important is coding for someone aspiring to be in finance? Should I spend my summer doing an internship with no finance profile or learn to code?
What should I do after a B.Com, if I have an interest in economics and finance?
How can I withdraw money from my HSA account if I have invested it in mutual funds?
When a bond professional tells you that Bond X is selling for the constant maturity comparable plus 120 basis points, what does that mean?
How do sukuk, or Islamic bonds, comply with Islam given that Islam forbids paying an interest?
What does it mean if a stock exchange operator is "demutualized"?
Is Communist China charging interest of 17% per annum to Pakistan for its investments? Does charging such a high interest rate fit into the realm of communism?
What is the effect of interest rates on industry?
Can a purchase of a company recording negative cash flow lead to the tax reduction of a buyer?
Is the financial sector a parasite to society?
How likely is it that a documentary provides a financial return?
One of my friends died at a young age, and his family don't know what his financial situation was. How do we check his accounts and other assets?
What is the Elliot wave theory?
How does the calculation of WACC (Weighted Average Cost of Capital) for a bank differ from, let’s say, a chemical or any other company?
Why does Gordon Miller minimise his debt? Isn't he reducing his financial leverage by doing so?
Will Germany accept Macron's ambitions for the completion of the banking union, a eurozone finance minister and the issuance of joint bonds?
What is share buyback?
What should one expect in the JBIMS MSc finance interview? How do you prepare for the MSc finance exam?
Is it in a bank's interests to have its customers financially successful?
How much do we need to transfer for a new Demat account ? Can I transfer 1000rs?
What is the scope of financial market management at the UG level?
How can I fund my XM account?
What are the biggest pains of managing digital assets?
What kinds of services do private equity firms hire strategy consulting firms for?
How do I increase my wealth as a 22 year old?
What is the best way to invest 5 lakh rupees in stock markets in India—could it be intraday trade, mutual funds, etc.?
Are there still stock brokers?
What are some dissertation topics related to finance or entrepreneurship for my MBA?
How does Flip ID monetize their services? (Besides revenue from bank's interest rate)
Are circuit breakers and other exchange rules preventing the usual volatility seen in markets?
How I can invest online from mutual fund websites?
Is it smart to borrow money to pay individual bills?
Why is money in the hedge fund industry mostly concentrated among the biggest hedge funds given that big fund size impedes performance?
What happens to the mortgages of home owners when they receive a "bad loan"? Did people lose their homes because of debt or the lack of an agreement?
What is “ATC” in banking?
What are the different career options in banking sector?
Should I sell part of my mutual fund’s SIPS units when the market is high, or should I let it remain for better returns?
What should I choose between marketing or finance?
Is it better for a finance major to get into venture capitalism (if so, how), financial advisor role, or work finance within a tech company?
What will be the ideal mutual fund scheme for a 54-year-old person with 7 years left before retirement in India?
Should one partly redeem units of mutual funds when the stock market is at an all time high and repurchase them again when the market cools off?
Are different industries (e.g. financial vs retail) targeted with different, specific phishing attacks?
What is "front running" in financial markets?
What is Online Seller Finance?
Is it illegal to record a phone call with a representative of a financial institution, such as a bank or a loan company?
Will it be good to pursue an MS in Finance (mainly into investment banking courses related to capital market, money market, etc.) from the US? Also, which are the best universities to get into where the best finance courses are offered?
Which mutual fund is the best in small cap or multi-cap funds if I want to invest 2k per month?
How is the life of a full time trader?
Is there any relation between actuarial sciences and the banking sector?
How many cigarettes can cause COPD?
Which sector mutual fund will be the best bet for the next 1 or 2 years?
Why do oil companies often have a higher dividend rate than the earnings per share?
What do investors think about Snap's first earnings call / report?
Do UK companies file quarterly reports?
How do we evaluate investment purpose & investment horizon?
How can a retail investor having a corpus of 50k-1lakh INR start investing in Private Equity?
Why do we take a change in stock into account when calculating the total value added by the firm to the economy?
Why should a non-financier learn finance?
What security was submitted by Mallya before taking a loan?
Which is better for a long-term investment, Geojit or Zerodha?
Should I leave my studies for a while and concentrate on a possible bussiness?
Do hedge funds need to have a high water mark in place? Also, are there any funds today that do not have one?
Which sector is likely to grow if the metal sector falls?
I'm a business graduate from a Swedish university and I want to work in investment banking in NY. What can I do?
How organized is your life financially, and can you give me advice to become financially secure?
What is the “pro rate” to calculate interest on capital?
What are the most successful or respected African American hedge funds?
What are the top blogs that top hedge fund managers read?
What are implications if the government fails to meet its financial needs?
What books will you recommend in order to develop a strong understanding of financial engineering, empirical finance and valuation principles?
Do I have a shot at working in the US for an Asset Management firm coming from Asia?
From when will the banks be off on every Saturday?
How do you know which Forex signals provider to choose?
What is something that needs to change/improve industry-wide, in investment banking?
Which courses are done before an MBA in finance degree?
In funding, what is the difference between angel capital and private equity capital?
What is the treatment of proposed dividend in a cash flow statement? I need details.
Which is the best mutual fund to invest ₹50,000 in as a lump sum?
What kind of path is there for someone who doesn't possess math skills but wants to pursue a graduate degree in a finance related field?
Is investing in liquid funds a wise idea?
What are the best mutual funds in India to invest in 2017 for 3-4 years?
What is the difference between returns and allowances?
What do they mean when they say “Investors poured money into a certain stock?” Are they referring to volume or market cap increase?
How can I distinguish whether or not the moneylenders in Singapore are the licensed ones?
Is it not mandatory for financial institutions to announce the MCLRs and to reset the floating rate of interest for home loans?
In order to begin investing in the stock market, should I do a course on technical analysis? Will it really help me in picking the right stocks?
What could be the reasons behind the decline of the arbitrage industry in India?
Did the hedge fund manager take copious notes on your trading strategy when you had your interview with him?
How do I start an online platform for stock and mutual fund trading in India?
What is a book or a course for companies working capital and cash flow management?
What is the semiannual compounding yield to maturity on par bonds? What about the yield to maturity with continuous compounding?
Which country is best for traders?
If I plan to take Financial Engineering as my master’s, which concentration should I take?
Why did Twitter stock trend upwards?
Can anyone assist me with, Financial Accounting, by A. R. Jennings?
Is buying Bordeaux En Primeur wine still a good investment?
How does money increase in the economy of a country that suddenly dug up a lot of oil reserves and starts selling it?
How will the role of an RM in banking change due to the digitalization of the financial sector? Will we see many jobless RMs?
Should I save for an emergency fund or start investing in mutual funds?
If we require funds can we get private funds from someone else?
What is the impact of Fed rate cut on global economy?
What is the future of Lykke Exchange?
Is an MBA in finance equal to C.A.?
How can a layman understand the difference between stock price of a company and earnings per share of that company?
Which MBA specialisation is better - finance or marketing?
Keeping the bull market in view, which option is better to invest, liquid funds or equity savings funds?
What is the likely effect the repurchase will have on earnings per share and earnings per share growth?
In a hedge fund, how are the returns of the investors determined, given that they joined the fund at different times? What is the precise structure?
How do you calculate the whole portfolio profit in case of irregular deposits over time?
What are the best financial commodities or financial assets to own now?
What assess a sellable asset value?
Why are some central banks adopting negative interest rates?
Which is the best post-graduation course other than an MBA and an M.Com in Mumbai in banking and finance?
What are the list of things which a Finance Controller should know?
What are your views of IFCI stock?
How are hedge funds different from other securities?
Why do promoters of successful companies sell their stake?
What were the causes of the global financial crisis? How might such a crisis be prevented from happening again?
What is a very profitable long term investment for a teenager and why?
Why does a rise in the price of bonds cause the interest rate to fall?
Who can invest in a new private bank?
What kind of people are best-suited for business/finance/management careers?
Can we pursue masters in interiors with bachelors in finance?
Why don't banks follow the base rates that are set by the government?
How do stock traders predict volatility from stock fundamentals and technical analysis?
Which will be better for me if I am weak in the theoretical part, an MBA in international business or an MBA in finance or operations?
What is a discounted value?
What's a good asset allocation given current (mid-2017) asset levels?
Can veterans get loans?
How should NPV time period be determined?
Why are the CWAs and CS not given the authority to conduct statutory audit in India?
What should I pursue, an MBA in IT, marketing or finance?
Why does a company issue corporate bonds?
What is the difference between crowd funding, Bonds and shares?
How can I get an internship at a private equity firm in high school?
What are some internships to prepare me for a career in private equity?
How did the collapse of the United States housing market in 2008 contribute to a worldwide recession?
Would someone with a political mindset excel at business-type subjects such as business, marketing, accounting and finance?
What is the meaning of arbitrage?
Why do economics/finance/accounting textbook like to use airline industry examples?
Why is Yahoo’s financial data download not working?
What are capital management services?
How does global elections and their results affects Foreign Exchange Reserves?
How do I become a great finance manager?
Is funding from the World Bank considered foreign capital?
How can a person who is investing in mutual funds make money? How does mutual fund banking operate?
How do growth and market cap contradict?
Is Spark reliable/safe for pipelining financial transactions?
Is a look at the P/E ratio of a company enough for a beginner to buy a share, or does it throw a light on the decision to buy?
How does one find a mentor in value investing?
The NAV value difference for growth and dividend plans is more than double for a particular mutual fund scheme. How should I understand this?
What are the rules of option trading?
Is it a good idea to use APV instead of DCF for stocks?
If the earnings call is tomorrow, what are the indicators today that a stock may go up or down?
Is this data science major good to go for? If so, should I major in it with finance or accounting?
Who are the members of finance commission?
Which course is better MBA (finance) or ICWA?
What formula gives odds required for break even given a strike rate and percentage of bank bet?
What would Mr Ganesh N. Prabhu say is a better pick among the old IIMs for someone who wants to get into investment banking (debt syndication) or private debt?
How are job prospects different in finance vs accounting?
How can I convert my auto registration to "commercial" when my loan finance company says, "no"?
Is it possible to negotiate different interest rates? Is it possible for me to take a loan in some European countries and take that money and apply it?
Which mutual fund is best for higher returns with a higher risk in the next two to three years?
Is it advisable to sell property worth 1.5 crore and invest the capital in a mutual fund?
Any online community for finance history?
When a finance company takes a car out of a chapter 13, can it be repossessed?
Where can I practice Financial statements online from scratch?
What are some good dividend paying mutual funds?
Is it worth putting dreams on hold for financial stability?
Can we use information that is available from the stock exchanges for a YouTube channel that imparts knowledge about finance or is getting their prior approval required?
Is it true that passive managers outperform active managers?
Which debt to equity ratio should I use for a weighted average cost of capital in this case?
Can I use Go Fund Me to raise money to buy traffic to my website?
I completed my MBA in finance and I had an interest in an SAP course. Which one is better?
Do ABD undergrads get MA/PhD roles in tech/quantitative finance firms?
Why do interest rates affect investment levels?
Michael Cheng, wouldn't changing the interest rate mid-contract (absent a specific formula within a contract) nullify "meeting of the minds"?
Which major should I choose in order to excel financially in the future, supply chain management or finance? I need advice.
Which accounts appear in the statement of income and also appear in the statement of financial position?
How much funds are required to start one’s own finance firm?
How to calculate the expected Return of the market?
Is the recession back in Indian IT in the financial year of 2017?
What's the finance industry like in Italy?
How can I achieve the level of an average PhD in economics or finance?
Does capital punishment exist for financial crimes in the United States? Should it?
What are registration charges, annual charges and other charges for SBI Mutual Fund?
Who should be considered primarily responsible for financial bubbles, lenders or debtors?
Where can I learn about the ins and outs of financing a business without pursuing an MBA?
What is the average commission rate for financial planners?
What is the difference between an asset-based sukuk and an asset-backed sukuk in Islamic banking?
How many websites sell mutual funds in India?
Which bank in Seattle has the best interest rates/per annum?
How do banks decide to sanction loans?
Who insures the loans given by banks?
What were the UN financial crises?
Is there a good resource to calculate total return of a mutual fund over a particular timeframe?
How can I earn 1 million dollars in 7 years with my current position?
How is probability calculated in CAPM problems?
How much interest do you have in Microsoftoffice2016?
Which is the best mutual fund that gives a maximum return in India?
What are the different types of cashflow finance available to SMEs in the UK?
How is the price of supply determined for the banking and financial services?
How is the life of hedge fund managers?
How can I earn in the stock market including in mutual funds as a part-time trader with minimum investment? I am working also.
What is the best paying entry-level job for a finance student? Excluding rare jobs that only 1 in a million people get.
How does uncovered interest rate parity work?
As of May 2017, is $SNAP overvalued or undervalued?
Which is the best book on business valuation and why?
When a bank has a fixed charge on an asset and another has both a floating and fixed charge over the asset of a company, what happens during liquidation?
What tools/methods do you use to manage cash flow?
How do foreign countries handle non-performing assets? I'm from India.
I want to sell my current house to buy a bigger one. Should all the money go into the down payment?
What is the best way to learn to do financial modelling for mine planning?
How can a data refinement service help the finance and banking industries?
Which cryptocurrency has the fastest rising interest rates?
How can I get the annualized rate of return for my portfolio in Google Finance?
What are some finance uses of logic programming?
What does $100 billion in assets mean?
Does equipment financing falls within ASC 606?
Would you leave your specialist role in finance and take a strategy role at a startup with no equity for half the pay?
How can I connect my PhD in Finance dissertation topic to the startup world?
How safe is online investment through ArthaYantra or Goalwise? Which is the best online investment adviser?
What is the difference between a bubble created by assets and a bubble created by debt?
Who is the best finance consultant in Mumbai?
What are the best (industry acceptance, ROI) short term courses / certifications for a fresher (B.Com.) aiming for a career in economics / finance?
How can I calculate a bond's default risk premium?
How does rainfall pattern affect the stock market in India?
In accounting, what are the rules to determine whether to debit or credit an account?
When mutual fund managers buy a stock do they buy at the market price or by using a limit?
Is it reasonable to assume that most mutual funds will outperform its benchmark index?
What is a Fibonacci level volatility breakout setup?
Who are the largest energy-focused private equity firms?
What is the optimal AUM for hedge funds?
Which is the best stock to buy for mutual fund?
What is the present value of a single premium life annuity with 10 years guaranteed?
What is the difference between an option and a rights issue?
What is the difference between the term finance and financial?
Are there tax payments on inventories on balance sheets?
What are the currently best performing Mutual Fund to invest in India?
Are there any investment banking jobs in Sweden?
What does it take to set up a hedge fund in China for a European? Is it worth it?
Is there a legal and moral way to make money without providing any value?
How do I compare the interest rates of the loans offered at two banks from different countries?
What is drawdown within the context of a loan?
What industries, besides finance, will benefit most from the blockchain and how?
How does stock exchange calculate share rates?
Right now, I am an active equity trader of intraday. What are the benefits for me if I shift to futures or options trading?
In which mutual fund can I invest a lump sum of 30,000 INR for just over a year, that has good returns and a moderately high risk?
Is there a financial relationship between the CA board of medicine and the PACE Program at UCSD?
How does Green bonds work for Saudi's Sharia compliant market for wind power assets?
What are the best Finance and stock books for a 17y old?
Do NGOs prepare accounts on an accrual basis or cash basis under the Companies Act 2013?
How hard is it to become Associate 3 when you work in investment banking?
Is it possible to learn finance by oneself by reading books, than going to a B-School?
How do you control credit risk?
What are the home interest rates today?
What are ways to become a financial analyst?
In order to create a cash flow projection, is there some way to project using a formula based off of actual data like the past 12 months P&L?
Are there short-term and/or long-term opportunities for arbitrage on the capital markets as a result from Director Comey's termination?
Do I want to become a mutual fund agent in India? Which course is best for me?
What are the scopes for B.Com. in finance?
Which mutual fund in India will give the best returns over the next 15 to 20 years?
Pakistan has close to a 204 billion dollar debt, for a 275 billion dollar economy. At what rate is the debt increasing?
Can I work in finance with a master’s degree in mathematical economics and econometrics? What areas can I work in?
I have $1,000,000 currently. I'm 18 yrs old. How should I invest this 1M to become a billionaire?
Are working capital and operating costs the same thing?
How is the MBA finance program at CMS Business School Jain University?
How many multiples of salary can I get for a personal loan?
What is arranging finance for a transaction?
What is the man made law to limit the amount of money in circulation? (so, where is the need for financial crisis?)
What are the countries where a Financial Risk Manger (FRM) can get jobs?
Investment bankers: What are your opinions on George Soros?
Does the marketplace generally reward good enough or excellence more?
How does the income statement get built?
How can I invest in corporate FDs?
Can I directly pursue an equity research analyst post after my BBA on finance?
What are the low investment high efficient projects?
What is the best study method for finance students?
What is a good mutual fund in India to start SIP?
What is the most preferred finance qualification?
What is a financial API used for?
How well is machine learning suited to deal with behavioral biases in finance?
Whats the difference between rate fences and discount?
What are the chances of getting a banking job/mutual fund ops jobs abroad?
Which 10 nations have the most gold assets as their national financial reserve at this moment?
Are there any successful hedge fund managers that started their funds without prior institutional experience?
Should I switch from an SBI Magnum Midcap Fund to a Mirae Asset I Emerging Bluechip Fund or an L&T Midcap Fund, or DSP small&midcap fund? (Time horizon 10 years. invested in SBI Midcap for the last 2 years.)
How do you find the present value of an investment when the information provided consists of the costs and the salvage value of the investment?
Why do we deduct non-trade investment in the calculation of capital employed?
Do hand traders still exist outside of retail traders?
Is investing in mutual funds for a 39-year-old a good idea?
What is the most instructive book on bond trading?
How do I arbitrage when the spot price is more than the futures price?
Am I allowed to intern for two financial services firms at the same time or is that a conflict of interest or a breach of confidentiality?
Why is there a lack of liquidity in the Indian bond market?
I'm planning on majoring in finance, someone provide me with a decent sized list of books that I should read?
Is it a good time to buy mutual funds today 15th May 2017 or should we wait for a few weeks?
What are the short stories about The Beautiful Lie?
Will a finance degree soon be worthless?
How can a bank engage people to invest more of their surplus cash to mutual funds and shares than normal savings accounts?
What's the point of comparing the BVPS to the share price?
What's the new industry that is the most worthy of investment this year?
How should I start a compounding interest fund right now?
Which short term mutual funds are good?
What was the interest rates on FD in SBI during 2011-16 yearwise?
What is the best way to access the finance job market in Germany for foreigners?
Is it worth getting a personal loan to invest in Ethereum?
What are the various distance learning courses available for a Finance professional in India?
If FP&A jobs will be commoditized by ML and low wage developing countries, what parellel should I move into that will leverage my MBA and MS-Finance?
How can startups manage deals with large enterprises that hurt cash flow because of long sales cycles and slow payments?
My age is 34+. My monthly take home is 60k. What will be the best financial planning for me?
Which is the best field in CA, indirect tax or finance?
Is borrowing money from a private lender a good way to get capital to flip a house?
How do I manage all these: creating value for others, helping them, time spent, and money to be invested?
What is your view to the Noble Group (CGP) current financial situation? How do you rate its bond value?
What type of options have unlimited risk? Why?
What is the best time to redeem mutual fund?
What are the platforms available through which I can start investing? What are the funds and the monthly or annual plans to be considered?
Which funds give higher returns in the long term (about 5 years): tax saver funds or normal SIPs?
Why do people still invest in or work for Goldman Sachs when everybody knows that they are evil?
Is it necessary to show profit or loss on the sale of a fixed asset as an exceptional item as per AS-5?
Is equity investment a gamble?
Is the transfer of debt funds to be deducted while calculating the book profit under MAT?
Are small companies allowed to issue debt securities?
What's the best way to monitor daily personal cash flow?
Can I do a master’s in finance after a B.Tech?
Can commercial papers be issued for bridge financing?
What is the study material for getting a mutual fund certification?
What is the best name for a new loan advisor service firm? I want to open a loan advisory firm.
Why wouldn't a millionare create his own bank and borrow from the Central Bank at the lowest possible interest rate?
Which is the best post-graduation or master’s course other than an MBA and a M.Com in Mumbai in the three-field of banking and finance?
How does America finance special education?
What financial instruments can potentially double your investment?
If I plan to do MBA (finance) from foreign after engineering. Where should I do my internships?
Why did the Central Bank issue debt funds on behalf of the government?
What kinds of experiences do I need more of if I want to be a quant in the future? Internship experience or research experience?
Can mutual funds be considered as stocks?
What are the most recent topics in Islamic finance for my thesis?
How do I issue different types & of equity & tranches of debt to investors in my startup?
Why do most traders lose money on Forex?
Which banks are providing education loans without any surety in India?
Can an MBA who recently joined IT side of a bank switch to banking sector with FRM/CFA certification?
What should I know before investing in an IPO in the Indian market, being a trader who is looking for a short term entry for immediate profits?
What are some things to do at a summer job in the banking/financial sector?
What are the differences between appreciation and depreciation of rupee?
Where can I find free downloadable historical prices of FTSE 100 and FTSE MIB indexes?
Which specialization would be better with MBA in Research and Business Analytics - Finance, Operations or Marketing?
What is the rank that will take me to a BSE in finance at NMIMS?
What does an advisory firm do?
Is there any risk in investing in an SIP mutual fund through Oro Wealth?
What are best practices (in terms of handling finance) a startup should follow?
What is meant by financial widening?
What are financial workouts and how can we buy such security today?
What if the capital adequacy ratio is higher than the percentage that’s stipulated by RBI (9%)?
Is there any job for an MBA (finance) fresher in Dehradun?
Does someone need to lose money for you to gain in stocks or everyone can gain together too?
Why do we take the change in stock into account while calculating the total value added by firm?
How do I get a role which deals with handling finance in TCS?
What career opportunities are there there for people interested in Finance and Data Analytics?
What are likely to be the variable costs for an airline, such as Southwest Airlines. Also, what are the fixed costs likely to be?
What are the system functionalities required for a trade & settlement clearing system?
Under what conditions does a company issue eurobonds?
What are the disadvantages of working on Wall Street?
Why is UJJIVAN financial services stock falling?
How do traders manage risk (or stop loss) if buy signals keep generating but price keep falling?
How is ICoFP College in Delhi for a finance course? I am a fresh graduate without any work experience. Is it worth the money, and how can I get admission?
What are the most common ways for new entrepreneurs to raise funds without personal or family wealth?
What are the factors limiting foreign capital inflow into a country?
Are there some Asian market funds that are independent from the US market?
Do all hedge funds do DCFs?
Given the current Indian market condition (NIFTY ~9500), does it make sense to hedge my mutual fund position by selling NIFTY futures?
We are a debt fund that provides growth capital to SaaS companies. How do we identify bootstrapped companies that do not want to give up equity?
How can I get the remaining amount from a provident fund?
What is the likelihood that a private equity firm, in a minority investment, will exercise their drag-along right against the wishes of management?
Can a Filipino fund his account in Poloniex and how?
How are the rates of rupee vs dollar fixed and regulated?
What are some characteristics of the different types of expenditures?
How do I buy mutual funds from an SBI demat account? What is the best demat account to buy/maintain mutual funds in India?
What is the importance of cash flow analysis?
A bank will lend 80% of $10 million required to purchase a business. Aside from my talent to run it, what should I offer an investor to put up the other $2 million?
Why do companies invest in the stock market?
What is better, paying a home loan by adding more money to the principal and getting rid of the debt or using the extra money in stocks, mutual funds, etc.?
Why are cash flow statements so important to investors?
Where can I find an Excel template that I can use for a financial consolidation, budget and planning?
Does financial engineering from IFMR provide a higher package than general finance? If yes, how much is the difference?
Which mutual fund performance measurement ratios (Sharpe, Treynor, sorting, information, alpha) give the best advice regarding risk-return characteristics?
What are the best books and/or magazines in finance and economics that a newbie should read?
How do I find distribution ranges in financial charts?
Is quantitative analysis suitable for long-term investments (1-24 months)?
Will having therapy sessions affect my financial future?
What are the differences between these positions: CFO, controller, director of internal auditing, treasurer and a vice president of finance?
Is it possible to transfer USD out of the Kraken cryptocurrency exchange?
What justifies the historical cost concept in accounting (i.e., why are assets recorded at the amount at which they are acquired)?
What are the differences between a CA and an MBA in finance?
What is the scope for a guy with a PGDM in finance currently working as a BA in an IT firm if he wants to switch to finance?
How reliable are companies’ financial reports?
What happens if much of Chinese money lent to infrastructure projects in developing countries does not pay off, as reflected in the credit ratings?
What are some tips to learn about finance?
Are a company’s financials public?
What is the future of an MBA graduate in banking and finance with an experience in the BPO industry?
What is the difference between face value and purchase price for a bond?
How do I prepare for OBC bank specialist officer professional portion (finance)?
What are the best books to increase my skills in Finance?
What's behind Snapchat's financial difficulties? And does this matter to us, the consumer?
Which fund should I choose- Franklin India High Growth Companies, Kotak Select Focus Fund or ICICI Prudential Value Discovery Fund?
Do you consider Liverpool city as a top location taking in consideration risk/return and capital growth potential?
What is the interest rate in a PPF?
What are the basic terms used by regular traders?
What does your typical day look like at work (accounting, science, and finance majors)?
Did you wrote about managing cost of capital, return on capital, growth and how they are all interrelated?
What are the events that will lead to a financial crisis?
What according to you is the best way to invest? Should one go for options, equity or commodities?
What is the significance of “earnings per share”?
What is a Masala bond, and how is it different from other types of bonds?
Why don't we add long term debt to free cash flow?
How can I invest 100,000 RS in mutual funds for a period of 1 year? What are the return chances?
Who are the best operational and financial benchmarking players?
What characteristics does a healthy income statement have?
How do I arrange finance for any startup?
If one wants to work for a large investment bank, is it a bad idea to take an internship at a small (not great) wealth manager as an analyst?
How can one read websites offline?
How come investment banking is a very hot trend in some cities and states, but in other areas the demand for investment bankers is slim to none?
What risks does the issuance of senior unsecured bonds have on the company and on the shareholders and stock price?
Which are the best courses offered in MS finance in order to get into investment banking functions?
Is it common that investors ask for total investment amount and debt/equity ratio for project evaluation before entering into NDA?
Is 34 too late to study finance?
In the context of Indian economy, what is the difference between small finance and micro finance?
If the federal reserve could loan unlimited amounts of money to the US government, then why are many Republicans against government spending?
In the ‘08/’09 crisis, how was it that the banks needed a bailout?
What salary can one expect after MBA in finance in India?
How can a beginning CEO start their financial company in Manhattan on Wall Street if they are willing to invest $400k into their company?
What investment requires a lot of capital but offers a high rate of return?
What is offer for sale & how does it affect the company?
Is it worth doing both an MS in finance and an MBA?
What are the different type of maths required for financial engineer?
What measures can foreign bond-holders of defaulted sovereign bonds such as Puerto Rican bonds take given that local laws are unenforceable?
How does a private finance initiative compare to public private partnerships?
If I want to buy $1,000 of ABC shares in 1 year via a futures contract, how much do I have to pay for the futures contract?
What are the advantages of using Sharekhan brokerage for mutual fund SIP over banks?
How is the P/E ratio counted? How can one find out if a company is growing?
Is it worth to attend an MBA with major in Finance at Wharton if I already have a MS in Finance?
What would you do if your government took no income tax?
When will you sell a bond with a discount?
How is security released in Project Finance?
A money lender charges 'interest' at the rate of 3 rupees per 100 rupees per month, payable in advance. What effective rate does he charge per annum?
What is reserve deposit ratio in simple terms?
Which is better for Finance, IFMR, Sri City or NIBM, Pune (also mention the profiles offered by companies and hostel facilities)?
What do I have to study or do in terms of working experience to get hired by a hedge fund?
How do I know the PE ratio for the banking industry?
Are VPNs/proxies useful in preventing credit fraud?
Will taking the Series 7 help me get a job in trading or in investment banking?
Will workers in the finance industry be replaced by AI (machine learning)?
Is retail arbitrage illegal? If so, what are some ways to prevent getting in trouble from retail arbitrage?
Is it economically possible to end world poverty?
What are some good books/websites for a teenager to become financially aware?
Which mutual fund should I choose as a first timer?
What has been your experience in assessing the viability of smart contracts becoming financial instruments?
What if we are quite perplexed regarding our career in terms of financial outcomes?
Why are major brokerage firms suggesting alternative investments in client portfolios?
Which firm in the financial capital of India (Mumbai) can help medium-sized enterprises with M&A?
What was the financial scam in the movie The Accountant?
What is the additional course done along with MBA finance?
How does the Fedwire funds and automated clearing funds service work?
How do you calculate an amalgamation balance sheet?
What is the purpose of financial innovation?
Would the stock market be profitable long-term if all humans started investing?
What should be the ideal savings/expenses ratio?
Why did you become proficient in personal finance?
In which stream of financial selling can we earn more, the banking or non-banking financial sector?
Can a company borrow funds from a bank and distribute it as dividends to shareholders?
If I have a large brokerage account would it be advantageous to start an investment fund for tax purposes?
Do any business or finance podcasts give valuable information or do they just talk like they know business and finance?
How is private equity calculated?
Is implied volatility an estimate of how much the option price will change in relation to stock price changes?
How does dental financing work?
What is the logic behind using the 2 standard deviation in binomial interest rate model for fixed income security valuation?
What do I need to learn first before attempting to interpret balance sheets?
In books of accounts, can mutual funds be considered as stocks?
Why are mutual funds better than bonds?
In which sectors are mid-cap funds invested?
Can a dealership change a contract after it is funded by the bank?
I have a few friends who want me to manage their money and I want to set up a small hedge fund to do this. Are there any legal/other barriers (in UK)?
What career prospects are there to pursue a PhD in finance?
Is the completion of CA enough to enter the investment banking industry?
Does Poloniex assign random interest rates to your bitcoin if you leave them untouched in the lending pool?
Do you know about any one-year part time diploma courses in banking and finance, or investment banking for one year in Delhi?
How do websites create a cash flow?
Which are the best courses in MS finance in order to get into investment banking function?
Which dealer or shop in Dehradun offers an RO water purifier through Capital First Finance?
Is the expense ratio of a mutual fund reflected in the price?
What are the top business schools in Andhra Pradesh for an MBA in finance and their respective fee structures?
What is the difference between government audit and statutory audit?
Negative interest rate sounds awkward. What is the economic rationale?
A contract requires a meeting of the minds to be valid, and yet financial institutions can change interest rates and fees. Why?
Is it better to invest in mutual funds or property in Pakistan?
Is a large derivative market beneficial for society?
What caused the financial crisis?
As an international student, how would you compare an MBA finance from Denmark, in terms of job prospects, to prior to having that?
Is the HDFC Prudence Mutual Fund with a monthly dividend a good scheme to invest in for the long term? Do they provide 1% for the long term?
What are the pros and cons of investing in a direct mutual fund and in a regular mutual fund?
What are easy newspapers for graduates aspiring finance?
Does the NCFM module, which is given by NSE after registration, contain formulas for solving numerical problems like derivatives, mutual funds, brokerage, etc.?
Can I invest in Can Fin Homes LTD, for housing finance?
Which MBA stream is better for a female, HR or finance?
What is the income of mutual fund houses?
What is algo trading and how does it work?
What are the financial objectives of any organization?
Is a bet for Berkshire Hathaway a bet against technology?
What is the present value of future amount?
What are some jobs available for electrical students at Power Finance Corporation?
Why did the financial crisis happen in 2008?
How do I set up my own auto-trading system for the Indian stock exchange?
How do I maintain an investment account?
To what extent digitalization can commoditize M&A advisory?
What is the best and easiest way to switch from a regular mutual fund plan to a direct plan?
In simple terms, what lead to Enron's bankruptcy?
Would you invest in a game developer?
Is mutual fund investment a safe option for beginners in trading?
What do you think will happen to cryptocurrencies in the event of a financial crisis? Are there any correlations established so far?
Is there a lot of math in finance undergrad and careers?
What is the best financial software for a back office among Misys Summit, Calypso, K+TP, etc.?
Is the Bayesian hierarchical model useful in the industry or finance?
What topics in math will be taught in an undergraduate course in economics or finance?
What is harder between finance and economics?
What are the implications of the Volatility Index (VIX) dropping to its lowest value?
I’m currently an MC analyst with Accenture in the US. I want to work in investment management (Asset management, PE, IB). Should I take the CAIA or CFA?
Can any Charitable Society invest its surplus money in mutual funds?
How do HFT firms make money (in equity segment) in India in spite of STT?
What is a good volatility trade for limited but expendable cash?
Why would a firm not use its weighted average cost of capital (WACC) to evaluate all proposed investments?
Homework: What is the effect of squaring beta of securities?
What is the US’s current real interest rate?
What are the green bonds, and why are they different from the regular bonds?
Can a person make $1 million in 2 years in the stock market?
How will Wall Street change if Bitcoin becomes stronger?
Which is the best mutual fund to invest in at this time (approx. 10 lakhs) for no more than 3 years and at a moderate risk?
Why do banks charge for rewriting interest rates for an existing loan?
How does Murex calculate financial cost and hence the economic P&L from an accounting P&L?
Is FinTech a good industry for startups?
How did Ray Dalio manage a 14.2% return during the financial meltdown?
Which add on and certification courses should I do related to finance to improve my profile for an MBA abroad?
Is Agora Financial UK Ltd. legit?
Which is the best mutual fund option for investment?
What are the types of investment?
Which European countries impose financial transaction tax on stocks?
What are some good books regarding financial education and that could prove useful for potential future investments?
What is the view of finance as a banker and financial analyst?
What is the general risk allocation in a portfolio?
If portfolio managers think the market will go down, how do they mitigate the risks by hedging?
Why doesn’t Gordon Miller sell his companies for $50m and let them compound at a 10-20% interest rate?
Which mutual fund is best for a SIP?
Who has access to diane (private company information), I need databasecontains annual financial data on French SME firms from 2010 to 2013?
Do banks still sell non-tranched loan securities?
Is a gilt fund a liquid fund or a debt fund?
Is it wise to do an MBA in finance after graduating in law?
Are compound interests still a viable option given that the current interest rates are as low as 0.5% on an 18-month restricted deposit?
In terms of return, what are the reputable, top-performing open ended mutual funds in India?
How can I get investments in my business through private equity investors in India?
Why are India's derivative markets settled in cash instead of delivery? Which is better?
What is the cutoff GPA for business majors applying for internships at financial firms and Wall Street firms?
Who is looking for a social platform to generate monthly cash flow?
Chinese people has a low experience in private lending and borrowing, how about the private finance activities in your country?
When interest rates rise, do stocks usually go up or down?
What are exceptional reports in banks?
How did Iceland letting its banks fail impact its recovery from the financial crisis?
How scalp trading is done? And what indicators are being used for the same?
How does one become a financial analyst in India?
What metrics are used to determine if a government is allocating capital effectively?
Does inflation increase the value of money?
How do I check if any company is debt free or not?
How true is it that investment banks are war profiteers?
Can I go for CS after MBA finance?
Do mutual fund companies in India have their own fund managers? And if they do it through third party agents, is it safe?
How much of mathematics do I need to know to perform well in M.Sc Finance?
I own a little micro finance business and want to improve my knowledge and management of the credits what should I do?
What will be your job profile if you do an MBA in finance after graduation in law?
Which is better, loaning against a fixed deposit or paying the full amount without a loan?
How feasible is it to go from an investment analyst intern to work in Amazon's finance department?
What is a stock that does very well at the beginning of the day that you can sell before lunch?
What is the use of ratios in a bank’s balance sheet?
For a layman, how do I find out when is the fiscal year and quarters of a listed company?
How many kinds of mutual funds are good for tax exemption purposes?
If the average global annual inflation rate is 2.78%, and stocks increase by 5.3% globally annually, where does the other 2.52% come from?
Are there any ongoing contests/competitions in the fields of business/marketing/ finance for college students in NYC?
Suggest a project title for my summer internship project on Reliance Mutual Fund - finance?
Is Finozen trustworthy like Funds India and Scripbox?
What are your thoughts on the Trump Comey scandal?
How can I diversify my income now at 28 into small, medium and high risk investments?
Does the Indian government also bail out private banks in case of solvency issues?
What basis should I take to calculate my return on investments in FMCG business?
How do I analyse the mutual fund market in India?
What are the best intrinsic value funds in US? (similar to Berkshire Hathaway)
How is Apple more valuable than Intel?
For calculating the marked to market value of swaps, are the net cash flows discounted? If yes, how does one decide the rate?
Why are Google employees who work in the IT area more popular as compared to the finance side?
An upcoming insurance company has vacancy in underwriting, claim, sales, finance and IT department. How can I choose one department?
What should I do to grow to higher positions and achieve big in my profession as a finance analyst?
Why do financial models fail?
Do you think Golem GNT would be a good investment?
How can I see an NPS fund manager’s portfolio?
What are salient features of fixed deposits?
As of 22/5/2017, why has Bitcoin surged to an all-time high despite the recent WannaCry ransomware cyber attacks?
How do I calculate the USD exposure of a company, based on the snapshot of the assets that the company owns? Is the company below over-hedged?
How can I come out from financial depression?
How do we measure international liquidity?
What is meant by statutory audit?
How can I invest my rs. 7.5 lakh in mutual funds or FDs for about 5-10 years? I’m looking for something low risk that has a high return.
Can a company invest in mutual funds?
Should employers integrate employee personal finance initiatives into their talent management strategy?
Can I do SAS after an MBA in Finance? I have a BE in Computer Engineering. I don't understand programming much.
What watch should one buy if they are working in the financial world?
Why are non-cash expenses added in earnings for a debt service while calculating a debt service coverage ratio, and not in the case of an interest coverage ratio?
What does NDR mean in business analysis or finance?
What is the Equality Fund?
Where can I find professional reports or papers about finance and economy without googling them?
What does a private equity company look for in the employees (both workers and management) of a target company?
How do I become finance agent in a finance company in Jaipur?
Is a recurring deposit or fixed deposit acceptable as proof of funds for Canada FSW?
Why do companies provide IPO?
How do inflation linked bonds work?
How can you describe the difference between net and gross?
Why does covered interest rate parity hold?
Why does the federal government lend to banks in forms of repurchase agreements as opposed to direct loans?
If a private equity firm is investing in a company from their balance sheet instead of their fund, how can you interpret why they're doing that?
What is the risk of foreign exchange?
What does your annual income have to be in order to comfortably buy a new Ferrari 488 GTB?
Why is capital markets bank activity called investment banking?
What are the benefits of majoring in Finance in your bachelor's degree?
What can I do to boost my employability?
What does revenue mean in financial projections?
What are the interview questions for CA industrial training in investment banking companies like Goldman Sachs?
Can central banks stop stock markets from crashing?
How do corporations calculate earnings?
Who are the largest energy-related private equity firms in the world?
What are structured products and derivatives?
How is UTD for an MS in finance?
What is the difference between Depository Receipts and P-notes?
I recently received a master’s in IB and economics. I am in my 30′s, with a history in customer service and finance, but hardly any hard skills. What are some tips or suggestions?
What compliance protocols are we required to adhere to when operating an open ended fund while working with foreign investors also?
What are additional documents can one get about a public company other than 10-k report?
What is the difference between standard deviation and beta?
Is there a stock returns calculator like the Rediff returns calculator that does not have a limit of one year, as Rediff does?
What types of algorithmic trading strategies would be most suitable/profitable on illiquid exchange traded products that often have very wide spreads?
Where can I find a foreign exchange compliance expert?
What is the best way for someone with a financial analyst background to get into the tech industry?
Do large multinational firms like Google and MS take on debt to raise funds or are their funding needs satisfied through selling shares/liquid assets?
What are the most stable/safe high-leverage investments?
What do you mean by “portfolio”? Is it the different kinds of investments you have with different companies all put together? I don't get it.
What is your process for analyzing a company?
Which firm in Mumbai can help with bank negotiations for my business loan and debt restructuring?
Will Samsung Financing do a hard credit check? Will it appear on my credit report?
Who did the US borrow money from to fund the revolution?
Can you still cash checks at the grocery store?
How much money is invested in mutual funds in India?
Having been a coder and a CS student, I want to study facets of business and work in an intersection of the two fields. What are my options?
What are the best resources for someone on the verge of 30 who's single and needs a lot of financial help?
Why do banks make a fuss about lending when they are dependent on you borrowing to survive as a bank?
Can I sell more than 50 percent of shares of my company to raise funds?
What are the advantages of a financial management course?
What is the best financial advice someone has ever given you?
If no dividends are declared by a mutual fund scheme, will the NAV of the growth option and dividend option be the same?
What is the difference between guaranteed investment contracts and any bond?
Which is better to start with, mutual funds or trading?
Are different industries (e.g. financial vs retail) targeted with different, tailored phishing attacks?
Do you discuss audit reports with the CEO?
What are the most interesting technologies hedge funds use for short term prediction?
What is meant by investing in stock market or mutual funds? Can anyone explain this in detail?
What does ‘order to cash’ mean in finance and accounts?
As a college finance student, how do I get credentials to Berkshire's 2018 Shareholder Meeting?
Is there any eligibility criteria for stocks on which derivatives trading may be permitted?
How do I set a stop-loss based on the underlying price on an options credit spread in a trader workstation?
How can I start my own boutique hedge fund?
When will the Ministry of Finance internship results come out?
What do you mean by open well yield?
Why does AGNC have such a high dividend yield?
What is the difference between a finance bill and money bill?
Which are the platforms where I can get the historical returns of my portfolio?
What is the work of a trader at the stock market?
Which is the future, quant finance/risk management or data science?
What's a good free app for a master’s level in finance class, something that makes the calculations easier?
How did junk bonds perform in a rising interest rate environment during the 1970s given that the past 2 decades were a period of declining rates?
What regulatory organization are you required to register with to start an online stock and mutual fund trading platform in India?
What are the most recent topics in Islamic finance?
What are the best books for learning about finance?
Is it possible for a small entrepreuner to impact the market? All of the problems left seem to require advanced IT or finance degrees.
What does the JOBS Act have to do with internet finance?
Which should I do first, CFP (certified financial planner) or FRM (financial risk manager)?
How do I grow my $4000 for short term growth?
How do I transition from a corporate accounting role to an FP&A role? What skills will I need?
What is the relationship between domestic interest rate and euro currency market?
What models are used to forecast operational risk in a bank?
How can you judge the financial performance of Federal Bank last year?
Is it easy or possible to transfer from an equity research role to an investment banking role?
How do you get the current ratio?
What is the average return rate for business?
Which is the best colleges in India for MBA in banking and finance?
Under which head in a balance sheet does product development cost go?
On what is the world's financial system based that causes so much poverty in the world?
What is the average trader annual return in a prop trading firm?
Which books should I read to get a glimpse of finance?
If I die due to a life event like an accident or a surgery, how do my financial institutions know and give my funds to my beneficiaries?
Who are the best finance consultants for SME in Mumbai?
How have changes in the economy affected financial planning activities?
Why in the world would an average investor with at least one million want to invest in a hedge fund with the high fees and sub-standard returns?
If I borrow money from family or friends for my startup corporation, what is a fair interest rate and repayment schedule to offer for a 5 year loan?
Is an Indian resident residing in India required to file returns in the USA on the capital gains and dividend income earned from US stocks even if it is below the threshold limits of taxation?
How can I get an Finance internship at Amazon Hyderabad?
Why do people hold treasury bill with negative interest rate?
If I were to buy an index fund (Nifty 50) at 9,400 today and sell it at 1,400 after 5 years, what would the broker charges, taxes and other charges be?
I am working in Bangalore as a finance executive. I am not satisfied with my salary. Is there any courses are available on finance to come to IT?
How can I get investments from private equity investors for my company in India?
What is the process of "trade finance" comparing conventional banking and Islamic banking?
How can you test the arbitrage pricing theory (APT)?
Is it smart to borrow money to pay bills?
What are the opportunities in banking and finance?
What are the benefits of the new financial year being from January to December in India?
I’m a mechanical engineer with an average academic background, an interest in finance, and a good knowledge of economics. How do I break into a finance firm?
What services does Fintech offer?
What is an online book for complete information about mutual funds?
Why do banks invest in treasury bonds?
How is an M.Sc Finance from NMIS?
What can one do, along with an MBA in finance, to get the best placement in India (like any certification that allows some practical exposure)?
Is the capital mobility a positive or negative thing? Which aspects and references exemplify this?
What European banks did the U.S. borrow money from for the Louisiana Purchase?
What are some high-yielding (i.e., high long-term rates of return) investments which have near-zero correlation (beta) to S&P 500 performance?
How are mortgage backed securities, collateralized debt obligations and credit default swaps traded?
What are the causes of positive convexity?
Have recent global crises affected the Indian financial system?
How do I make $6-7 figures a year trading on the buy side of equity derivatives?
Why are far-month future contracts sometimes traded at a very cheap rate?
What's the difference between Quantitative Finance and Quantitative economics?
If a financial derivative is not path-dependent in regards to its payoff, then can it always be priced using the implied volatility surface?
My family was duped into a bad deal & resulted in a deep debt hole. We have no savings, bad reputation & bad business times. What can we do?
What is the effect of foreign exchange gain in cash flow statement?
What is simple finance in SAP?
What is the present interest rate for MOD balance in SBI as per the latest notification? The information on the website shows it is lower than 4% in some cases.
How can Credit Acceptance, an auto finance company, treat customers so horribly but be the "best company to work for"?
How do you actually invest?
How does ISB fare in the fields of operations and finance management?
How do you distinguish whether your results in the stock market are based on luck or skill?
How is the Masters in Finance of Grenoble Singapore campus?
What are stressed assets?
What are the ways of minimizing risk and maximizing profit while investing in the stock market?
Is profit booking advisable in mutual funds?
What is the new audit report?
What percentage of stock traders in India are profitable in a 10-year timeframe?
What are the jobs available for someone who is interested in finance and film production?
How does selling bonds to private sector financial institutions increase money supply?
Where can I find the total assets of Korean banks? The Korean central bank's website lacks the info and is quite outdated.
What initial investment do I use to fund an IRR?
What banks or funds or similar companies hire experienced finance quants over 50?
Does it make sense to invest in a mid-cap fund over the long term?
Is it hard to get a finance job in Chicago as an international student?
How do equity research analyst determine industry growth rate?
What is the best Management/Business/Finance books you have ever read and why?
How should I spend 5k as a 17-year-old trying to make this sum grow?
What are the steps to be taken to become financial analyst?
How does going long on call options and being short on underlying assets help hedge risk?
What's the role of trader now in China?
Why don't financial instutions offer their customers customized monthly statement formats?
What is the typical career path for an operating partner in private equity?
Is it better to save money in bank fixed deposits or in mutual funds?
Is the PPF rate of interest constant or fixed?
When has it been mutually beneficial for a private company to make significant investments in developing another country?
Should I learn actuarial science or finance?
Is there any API which gives details about mutual fund portfolios?
Which industries are historically quickest to recover in the aftermath of a widespread recession?
Which college or university would be best for a correspondence MBA in finance?
Which university is best for business and finance, HKUST, CUHK, or CityU?
Can Indians invest thru Prodigy Network?
How is it to switch from a role in a finance company to a technical profile role in India?
How is the volatility index calculated (VIX)?
What is the range for investment bankers? Could they become financial innovators who open new departments within the firm they work in?
Is it necessary to know accountancy to do an MBA in finance?
Is the CFA no longer valued now that machines are taking over investing?
If the amount of left loan is 200 K and interest rate is 6.5, mature within 10 years, what is the amount to be in the first 3 years?
What is the scope of taking Finance as an elective in Shailesh J Mehta?
Can quantitative easing increase interest rates instead of its projected outcome of decreasing it as there is greater expectation of future inflation?
What would be the consequences, if the financial benefits of marriage in India were withdrawn?
What are your options for financing even though a property may be a short sale or forcloesure and requesting cash only?
Which are some of the best colleges for MBA across the world (for finance & marketing)?
Why doesn't uncovered interest rate parity hold?
If I transfer funds into a brokerage account and those funds remain unsettled, can I immediately use those funds to place a trade?
What is the best shariah compliant mutual fund in Pakistan to invest in?
Where do I find the best research papers on financial markets?
Where I can learn the basics of mutual funds in India?
How many people struggle with financial mindset?
What's the difference between UBS and J.P. Morgan for investing?
Where can I find a list of current S&P 500 companies that are ranked by market cap?
With the help of different statistical tools, how would you describe/discuss the financial health of a company?
Can a stock trader receive a percentage of what they trade?
Can a Tally course prove useful for me if I want to pursue a career in finance?
Why aren't quant hedge funds and HF trading firms targeted by hackers?
What did the documentary "The Ascent of Money" got wrong (If any)?
Which is the best Islamic finance school in Malaysia?
Which FinTech or financial companies have the most engineering jobs in Washington?
What is IRR’s interest on a two-wheeler loan?
Is there any difference between cash deposit ratio and currency deposit ratio?
Are there any financial betting exchanges like Flexihedge?
CBOE Volatility Index(VIX) closed at 9.77 on 5/8/2017, the lowest since 1993. What could be the reasons behind it?
What do you mean by financial planning?
How do I get into a private equity firm?
In which mutual funds does Rahul Dadmi invest?
What does it mean, "Any account details inquiry made between 12 midnight - 12:15 am may reflect balances as at closing of our operation for that day"?
What is the treatment of operational risk capital charge in case of merger of banking entities?
How can I diversify my portfolio as an entrepreneur?
Is a repo a futures contract?
How do investment banks and financial firms project future earnings of companies?
How & where to inform about cheaters & financial fraudesters?
How likely is it that the Volcker Rule will be repealed under Trump’s presidency? Will that lead to the resurgence of proprietary trading?
A stock has the same fixed date for stock split (1:2) and bonus issue (2:1). What does it mean? Is it worth investing in?
Who will decide the share price of the company?
Is it true that George Soros indirectly funds the Huffington Post as well as organizations like La Raza?
What makes a strong income statement and balance sheet?
If you see funds to make you rich in life, will you receive the funds?
Can the quick ratio be more than current ratio?
Which company is better for finance - BNY or Maersk?
What are some research topics in accounting and finance?
For financial planning, which college is better, Seneca or Conestoga?
Are equities (stocks, specifically) on a balance sheet stated in value at their issuance or their current value?
What is the treatment of profit on mutual funds for income tax purposes?
Which industry does a CA firm fall under, financial advisory, financial planning or a financial consultancy service industry?
How do you save financially?
Why are most traders so bad at risk management?
If farmers who borrowed money from banks could not pay them back due to crop failure and for other reasons, should their loans be waived?
Are the government bonds bought by foreign investors different from the local investors?
Are there any basic short-term financial course so as to be able to invest wisely, like in shares, mutual funds or policies?
What is foreign capital inflow?
What particular topics should be studied for an exam for assistant manger in finance and accounts in a bank?
Is it possible to get into finance with a PGDM-Finace degree 2015-17 placed into an IT company with a BA role and a prior experience in IT too?
Is there any other historical figure apart from whose followers expect his return and what are they to watch out for in anticipation for this return?
Is current account a liability or an asset for banks?
How can I prepare to enter private equity?
What is the salary of a stock trader?
I am 19 years old and I will be a junior in Northern Illinois University's accountancy program. What advice do you give?
What is the average stop-loss for Forex retail traders?
Did Ray Dalio's risk-parity all-weather strategy perform poorly during the 1970s, given the high inflation and the large long-term Treasury allocation?
What is the unit for repo rates (e.g., per annum, per month, etc.)?
I am B.Com graduate with 5 years of experience in banking and finance field living in Mumbai. What is the best possible way to find a good job in UAE?
What causes interest rates to change?
What does a perfect deal room look like? My company is setting up a deal room for private equity firms where it can have access to companies.
Is the ticker XIV leveraged?
What is the best way to allocate 1 lac INR to India's debt & equity markets, etc.?
Should I major in management or accounting and finance if I want to find a job in Hawaii?
Should I got to the University of Texas and get an economics degree (with minor in Finance) or go to Texas A&M and get a Business degree in Finance?
What is the business model of euronet?
What are the courses related to finance or investment?
Why do people think we're in bubble territory when Warren Buffett says we're not?
What is the Black-Scholes price?
How do you find the most profitable sectors in a downsizing (due to financial crisis) economy?
Do you need to take AP math in order to get a master’s degree in finance?
Will an internship at a hedge fund make my college application stand out?
How can one understand the intrinsic value of a company and its products just from reading their financial statements?
Do I have to offer dividends when issuing equity to investors?
How do you enter into the field of finance, being from a non-finance background?
How much money do audit firm partners make?
What are some applications of the financial risk management?
Can closed-end funds raise money through banks by using their shares as collateral? Are there any other mechanisms available?
What is the NPV method of financial management?
How much does it cost to change partners after marriage?
Why would any company prefer to do a rights issue?
How do I invest in government bonds?
What are the perks of being in BCG financial + non-financial?
How do I get an internship while doing an MBA in finance?
As a European wanting to invest in US equities, how do I hedge currency risk most effectively?
What do the majority of people buy over the summer?
How can I find silent investors to provide financial support and assistance for my music?
How does one move from fixed income to equities?
How do I determine the control percentage when preparing consolidated financial statements, if a subsidiary is a partnership firm?
How long it takes a sum of money to double itself at 12% simple interest rate?
What is the job prospect after an MBA specialized in Finance/Operations?
Should I sell my mutual funds SIPs units, and if so, when?
As a fresh learner in mutual funds, what kind of work or projects can I do so that it will help me to learn about mutual funds in depth?
What are the factors behind John Paulson's dismal investment performance today given that he was so successful during the 2008 financial crisis?
What are the functions of stated interest rate and effective interest rate?
What is some useful financial information to know?
What would happen if even 5% of Indians became vegans?
In the balance sheet of a firm, the debt equity ratio is 2:1. The amount of long-term sources is Rs.12 lac. What is the tangible net worth?
How can a guaranteed investment offer a higher return compared to a corporate bond?
Which is the best mutual fund, in respect of returns, to invest right now?
How does promoter share pledging work exactly?
What are good reasons to have no limits or restrictions on campaign finance?
What are open-end funds and close-end funds? How would you explain with an example?
Is a master’s programme mandatory if an MBA holder wants to go for a PhD in finance or economics abroad?
How is my internal rate of return equal to my cost of capital, but NPV is positive?
What would be the liability of the shareholders if the dividend they received was later proven to have been obtained from an illegal revenue source?
How do stock traders predict short term volatility from daily info and technical analysis?
What are the benefits of discounted rates, and why do companies use it?
How do I make it to IIM Bangalore for an FPM in finance and accounting? What skills do they require to admit a candidate?
Why does no one “unmask” Tai Lopez?
I have already invested in regular mutual funds. How can I switch to direct mutual funds?
Can I analyze sell-outs using (peak-low)- (peak-close) as a good approximation?
I am a Chattered Financial Analyst. After this I am planning to pursue dual MBA in finance and marketing. Will this be a good move?
How is it to switch a career from a role in finance company to a technical company in India?
How is the risk calculated for the leasing industry?
How much accounting do I need to know for a degree in finance or a career in investment banking?
What will be the future of discretionary trading (in comparison with the dominance of quant funds)?
How do I find the debt to equity ratio with these inputs?
Do I have to switch my long-term mutual fund if I predict a stock market crash?
Is it necessary that every NBFC have a minimum Net Owned Fund?
It was an asset but after 2 years that asset has to become a liability. What is it?
Which are the best mutual funds with tax exemption in which to invest in India?
What are the duties and liabilities of shareholders?
What are the designations in the field of investment banking and their meaning?
Did banks want a guarantee from Mallya before sanctioning the loan?
How would you make money with a time machine?
Did Goldman Sachs stop investment banking in September 2008?
What are the best pieces of financial advice that will make me a millionaire?
How much do fund managers earn?
If I have a small LLC business and I have different shareholders investing at different times, how do I calculate their returns?
On an appraisal document for a finance department, what objective do I need to set that are measurable and achievable within an appropriate timeline?
Hom much does CPA make in Goldman Sachs?
If an account balance is below zero, can money still be wired into it?
Which is an unbiased web site for mutual fund ratings?
Currently, I am a SAP ABAP developer at IBM. I've gotten admission into IMT G (finance). Would it be a good choice to go for the MBA in finance?
How do I calculate the WACC for banks and manufacturing companies?
What is the present value of a $500,000 payment 9 years from now, if money earns at an annual rate of 3.45%, compounded continuously?
Is the increasing consolidation (as of 2017) of banking sector in US a good or a bad thing for US economy and consumers?
Could the GBP break the 1.3 USD barrier in June 2017 and rally all the way to 1.4 before year’s end?
How is the typical day of a data analyst in a hedge fund?
Why does the Hertz Holdings stock keep going down, aside from posting bad earnings. Will it come back up?
Where can I get financial advice that benefits me more than the financial adviser selling it?
Should a manager use his personal money to finance a company's operations?
If you've been consistently trading and beating the SP500 for the past few years, how do you get seeded to scale up your operation?
When studying volatility spillovers between the European and US stock markets, which indices are the most appropriate as representatives of the two areas?
On what basis does the share price of a company depends?
Do stock traders receive a percentage of what they trade if they trade 500 million at once?
What websites would you suggest to follow Canadian finance, business, and investments?
Are 401Ks a bad deal?
What is the best books on financial current affairs?
I am 19. Is it right for me to invest in mutual funds?
At UMBC, would you recommend studying in the business/finance field? Also, is the job market good for that major? A lot of people say it is too broad.
What makes for a good P&L statement?
What are BPO and KPO like for an MBA in finance?
How do I finance short sales? There are properties that I need full cash payments for. Is there a way to finance these homes in order to purchase more at once.
What are some missing features from personal finance management tools in India?
If hedge funds or big institutions can manipulate the market, why don't they get caught by the FBI?
How did margin debt work before the crash of 1929?
How is the float rate of a stock determined?
I have received over $500 for my birthday, and there is currently nothing I desire to have all that badly. What should I do with the money?
Which one should I choose, MSc in Banking and Finance at King’s College London or MSc in Finance and Management at Cranfield?
What are SARB impacts on the financial services sector?
What is behavioral finance and what is its scope?
How much can financial analysts make without experience?
How can you describe the process of securitization with example?
What is the role of mutual funds in India?
What does it mean to "follow the markets"?
How does a debt on a balance sheet go away?
How is a mutual fund’s NAV calculated?
What is the best way to manage your finances and savings?
Why did the Finance Ministry lower the interest rates on small savings schemes like PPF and KVP for the April-June quarter?
What are the benefits for a company secretary to join investment banking? How do I get started?
What does Gordon Miller think about a financial system without interest? Would we as humans be this advanced if we had a no-interest financial system?
Sensex is at all time high. Is it the right time to invest in mutual funds?
What are my odds of getting into a top MS/MSc finance program?
What index funds are available for Indian citizens to invest in?
What were people's reactions when you told them you're a full-time trader?
How do I calculate returns of my portfolio for the year without taking account capital increase?
Given the current global geopolitical situation, is it a bad time to invest USDs in stocks or tracker funds?
Has anyone tried asset tracking and inventory management through LDAP? If so, what kind of assets do you track?
What are cash dividends on a balance sheet?
What are open end funds in mutual funds?
What are the six major areas of personal financial planning?
How many financial organisations are in the US?
Are equity research analysts restricted from trading for part time income in India? I buy/sell many trades within 30 days.
How did Gordon Miller start investing in private equity?
Financial Statement Analysis: What characteristics does a healthy income statement have?
Are you aware of the benefits and returns of the equity market?
Which has more job opportunities and career growth, MS in Finance or MBA in Finance? Which is more harder?
What are fake bonds?
Does the Finance Act 2017 boost investments specifically with reference to personal finance?
Can a Canadian invest in the American S&P 500?
Is NPS tier 2 is a good alternative to mutual funds?
How do you spend your salary?
What will be the impact of shifting the financial year from April-March to January-December on the economy?
How do I invest in mutual funds based on NAV? The NAV I'm seeing now is applicable till what time? When should I transact?
How good is the B.Com. Banking and Finance course at Jain University, Bangalore?
Is there any way to know which stocks mutual funds are buying & which stocks mutual funds are selling?
How can I take loan to do trading in Indian stock market? What's the eligibility, limits, payback period, Interests, pros and cons of taking loans?
Why is the increase/decrease in lending, bank, and repo rates declared in terms of basis points rather than percentage points?
What is the stock Nifty’s trading strategy?
I would really appreciate your guidance. I have done a PGDMB in finance. However, I am keen to do a PhD in management. What is the procedure?
Where can I get the analysis of mutual funds for investment?
Can we start a corporate mutual fund advisory with name like XYZ investment services? If registered as a sole proprietorship.
Is London the financial capital of the world?
How can I get finance for my running business to expand?
What is an annotated bibliography about public finance in developing countries?
How financially stable are you?
Why is it important for an accountant to learn financial institutions and markets?
Why has stock market volatility been so low in 2017?
Are the percentage of returns declared by mutual funds on their unit face values or their NAVs?
Why does a mutual fund earn decreasing amounts of interest as years increase?
What were the factors that led to the creation of the bond rating industry, given that there is no similar counterpart for stocks?
What is a common reporting platform? What is the threshold limit after which Indian financial institutions report income to foreign institutions?
What makes a healthy balance sheet?
What is date saving in mutual funds?
What is a financial company?
What are the main reasons for defaulting on loans?
Could the bid-ask spread be negative?
Should I invest my money in mutual funds or in life insurance?
When interest rates rise what happens to bond futures?
What are the best equity mutual funds in small & mid cap & multi cap?
How much does ETMoney take for providing the platform for investing in mutual funds?
Is there any bank that offers a non-secured loan for higher studies?
What are the differences and similarities between stated interest rate and effective interest rate?
Why should you invest in SBI Dual Advantage Fund, Series XXII? What PA return can you expect?
What are Ali AlShamsi's thoughts on "Good traders can take a bad strategy and still make it work" in regards to trading?
Do you know what are the most influential journals in financial audit and management control?
What do you think of Ally Invest’s managed portfolios (formerly TradeKing), for a beginner investor?
Where do mutual funds recruit in India?
Who do you recommend for working capital loans?
What should I do to get an accounting or finance related job in the Indian Defense Services? I have PG, CS and CA degrees in hand.
What is the difference between bond energy and bond formation?
Why is the Glenmark share price falling so rapildy?
If I bought put option contracts before a stock split, what happens to the underlying value of said contracts?
Which mutual Fund is best for SIP of Rs,5000 for 10 years?
Is the value of the MBS and CDO markets limited to the amount in loans that exist? Credit Default Swaps don't have this limit do they?
I have heard about contract finance a lot off late. What is contract finance?
Is JIIT in financial trouble?
Does algorithmic trading make you a hedge fund investor?
What ICT skill would be valuable next to a finance study?
Do any hedge funds make markets like a prop shop? Why not? Who are the top providers of tick/volume data, or any other trading data?
Where can I find old analyst reports?
In your opinion, should "The Fed" have control of the lending rate? Why or why not?
Is an Indian permitted to do derivatives trading in US markets?
Was there a global conspiracy behind the 2007-2008 stock market crash?
What are the 20 most used terms in the finance sector?
How can I choose between accounting and finance and economics and finance?
How will depreciation of vehicle affects its worth?
What factors influence the political equilibrium?
Is it a good idea to found a startup for financial independence?
Trading - What is pair trade in stock market?
How can a CA fresher enter in the field of investment banking?
What does the average day for a trader look like?
How does a profit-sharing loan work?
What is an MS finance?
Why do private equity firms hire strategy consulting firms?
How can a 62-year-old person attain financial freedom?
Does industry prefer articleships in statutory audit or risk advisory?
If you view a corporation as a fund, does C-suite compensation at an F500 do better than 2 and 20?
How much does a wealth fund manager earn?
What types of Business Intelligence reports do banks require to operate on a daily basis?
What would happen to the stock price of a listed company if the only asset it possessed was a short position on its own stock? Assume the law allows this.
Is the debt-to-equity ratio generally less than or equal to the debt-to-asset ratio?
What purpose do Domestic Institutional Investors serve?
Is it a good time to invest 10 lacs in balance funds right now and which are the best funds to invest in?
Who manages the finance management of the IPL?
What is contract finance?
Would it be a good strategy to pick stocks by looking into funds’ asset allocation?
What percentage do insurance companies pay for their customer's claims?
In the Indian market, which is the best mutual fund for a tax saver to invest in, during F.Y. 2017-18?
Do negative interest rates tell us there's something seriously wrong?
What is the role/importance of the Finance Commission in monetary policies?
Theoretically, if the interest rate is 10% compounding quarterly, but I only invest in 2 months, then withdraw from it, will I get any interest?
How do I get a list of all stocks/bonds/funds in the world?
How does a hedge fund buy stocks in a large volume without increasing the stock price?
What skills does Gordon Miller believe is required for a successful career in finance?
What is the difference between "Re-investment" and "Payout" in a mutual fund?
How do new startups get financed?
What sources did Ali Alshamsi use to learn about financial markets?
Can a chairman of a company use that company's asset/money for his personal sake?
What do you think about the future of the asset management business? The evolution of AI is very high. How will asset management companies be changed?
What is the role of finance commission in monetary policy?
Is it possible to compound an investment in an index fund?
What are the different business that are linked with the stock market (e.g. brokerage firms, mutual funds, etc.)?
Why did LIBOR rates hike in October of 2008?
When a company has a successful past and bright future, do we need to look at the price of its share while investing through SIP?
What is the entry test pattern for a BS in accounting and finance in IBA Karachi?
What is the settlement procedure of currency futures in NSE (National Stock Exchange)?
Financial literacy is critical for success, so why do most non-financial business owners avoid accounting and bookkeeping like the plague?
Why doesn't Barbados have an online asset (equity, bonds, etc.) trading platform?
Which is the best mutual fund to invest in Mid-caps?
Why do futures markets exist?
What kind of jobs can I get if I do an MSc in Biotechnology followed by an MBA in Finance or Economics?
Are Indian government employees allowed​ to act as an investor and garner equity share and profit in a private firm?
Which are the primary financial institutions that caused the financial crisis?
What are some best mutual funds and explain me why?
Has the issuance of the Singapore Savings Bonds by the government forced banks in Singapore to offer higher interest rates for term deposits?
If fix 1500000 with an interest rate ofof 10 percent for 6 months what will be total value after 6months?
How easy is it to find a Finance for a startup in Nigeria?
Which is a better college/university to pursue BBA in Finance?
Is Financial Modelling from EduPristine worth it or not?
Which regulated exchanges do I have access to, as an EU citizen living in Mexico, for Bitcoin (BTC), Ripple (XRP) or Ethereum (ETH)?
What is a PE value?
How does quantitative easing affect the exchange rate of a currency?
Which mutual fund is good to invest in for 5-6 years? I want to start a SIP with 6K.
Can a MA in International Political Economy (in Warwick for example) lead to a career in finance?
Why would anyone buy public debt issues with negative interest? Why pay to lend our money?
Where can I find tutorials on how to read a balance sheet?
Is Ujjivan Financial Services a stock to buy now?
Is mutual fund high risk?
Can mutual fund investments done for 10 years be withdrawn after 5 years?
Is buying a 1995 Mercedes a good investment? (Typical cost is $4000)
What positions can I find in hedge funds with experiences as a developer in an investment bank and a consultant in market risk?
What is a “short buildup” in options?
Is it good to have a fixed price with 5-10% margin or let the customers bargain by telling them a rate 40-50% more?
Is it wise to invest in fixed deposits?
What do professional stock traders think of Tastyworks?
What are the best assets to generate cash flow?
Suppose I want to buy a Suzuki Hayabusa. An offer says up to 100% financing at 10.50% p.a. What is the minimum salary to be eligible for the loan?
How should I prepare my CV if I wish to apply for a top financial company like Goldman Sachs or Morgan Stanley after my B.Tech from an IIT?
Should I cash in a portfolio that returned 25% last year to help pay for college?
Which one should I choose, between Punjab National Bank and the Bank of India, and why?
What is the best app or site for checking a company’s financial ratios?
Is this the right time to invest in Indian markets? If yes, what are the best stocks to invest in for the short term and and also for mutual funds?
What is a financial problem?
I want to start stock market trading. I know theoretical concepts. How should I start?
Can hedge funds invest in other hedge funds?
Why aren't Treasuries callable like most corporate bonds?
Which industries' stock prices are most affected by fed's monetary policy?
Which firms do you recommend to manage one's portfolio? Is it advisable to invest with them?
If everyone who invested in the stock market was required to sell at year 10 exactly, what would be the result?
How do investment banks realize/monetize their profits in IPOs?
Which financial institution would give the maximum interest payoff in a year, if I deposit a sum of one crore rupees?
How can I invest in Wikipedia?
How can I organize my checking account like my computer files?
Do the banks get interest for CRR or SLR from the RBI?
Why do we deduct any gains on a sale of assets from the net profit in a cash flow statement?
In which mutual fund do you invest a lump sum amount of Rs. 50,000 for 3 years?
Which is the average return on investment by industry?
Who do you contact in Manhattan to start a financial company on Wall Street if you're willing to invest $1 million?
Has anyone worked with ProBizAdvisor finance firm that deals with debt restructuring, CFO services, funding, and a lot more for SMEs?
Fed up working in SBI as an Associate, should I switch to some private sector job (MBA-finance) or wait for my promotion as an Assistant Manager?
How can I make my career in finance domain?
What are the ways to tackle non performing assets?
What should the ideal tracking error be of a portfolio manager having 7% active risk?
How much should a buy-side research analyst with about 3 years of experience make?
Why are pension reserves kept on a US company's balance sheet, making them vulnerable to that company's potential bankruptcy?
What is the derivation of a dividend growth model in the cost of equity capital?
How can I finance a computer with no credit?
How do hedge funds who have heavily invested into China get money back out of China considering the new capital outflow restrictions in China?
What is the asset market approach (regarding exchange rates)?
What are the best books on personal finance budgeting?
How do small businesses manage working capital and raise funds for expansion?
What are shares, bonds, and investments?
What​ are the top positions​ that an arts​ graduate​ can reach after​ doing​ an MBA in finance?
How might one get into finance, and is it a profitable career choice?
Between a hedge fund manager and an investment banker, who is better?
Do actively managed mutual funds generally outperform or underperform passive funds in a bear market?
How do financial institutions impact business firms?
When a government or corporate bond is first issued, how is its price determined? Can it be purchased at par value or does its value depend on market interest rates as it would do when being traded on the secondary market?
What happened to bonds that you bought at half their face value?
What is the best undergrad degree for a master’s in Finance?
Which are the top 10 colleges for an MBA in Finance, in India?
What are some hedge funds that have a very minimal/static page website?
What is the function of the Bank of India which is a nationalized bank?
Is B.Com accounting and finance useful for a CA?
Why is my appraisal fee for a home loan so high, at 1097$, from Bank of America?
Why does behavioral finance lack an unified coherent theorem or model?
What was it like to be an young investment banker selling derivatives back in the day? Do you still have all the millions you earned?
What is BPS (i.e., basis point in banking)?
Can a zero account holder get an interest rate on the amount or on the zero account?
Are intangible assets allowed to value a pre-IPO company?
How many mutual funds are there in India at the moment (May 2017)?
How hard is it to find a job in London with an MSc in Theoretical Physics from KCL?
What is the best short-term investment fund I can make with 10k in India?
In Google's cash flow statement, what’s the difference between stock-based comp expenses and net payments related to stock-based award activities?
What is a better subject, accounting or finance?
How does the put-call parity work with zero strike calls?
Can we get financial assistance from our friends while pursuing engineering from the USA?
Are mutual funds still a good option for investment, or are there better and safer investment options available?
Why did investment banks crash in 2008 even with their high-tech computer analysis?
How do I track mutual fund activities on a monthly basis?
Why do investors lose money even when most experts like Buffet and other successful investors openly cast opinions?
How do I decide what is the right time & what type of mutual funds to invest in?
Is the www.simplemoney.in website reliable? This website is showing the mutual funds’ consolidation statements.
What happens if the strike price is not reached in put options?
Did anyone predict the Icelandic banking crisis?
What does the financial system consist of?
Are there any teen contributed finance and general news magazines?
Is it beneficial to take out a personal loan for investing in a mutual fund?
Flip or Coursera? Which is bettter for a certification course in banking for an MBA finance student?
Where can I find all of the basic information about mutual funds and shares?
Is Manappuram Finance a value pick at the level of 90 for a 2-year time horizon?
What certifications do I need to do along with PGDM (finance) from an average college to get a good package?
How tough is it to get into IE business school for doing a masters in finance?
Why do we not deduct prepaid expenses from C assets in the case of current ratios as in quick ratios?
How can I get good interest rates without stocks? I just want to leave it in a liquid savings account with very good interest.
Do hedge funds hire actuaries and what are their mission in a hedge fund?
How valuable is a postgraduate diploma in finance from LSE? Can it land me a job in major IBs?
How can I pick a good financial planner? I'm looking for someone to help me structure my finances for a long term strategy and not sell products etc.
Which mutual fund or stock can give me highest ever returns in 5 years?
Does an increase in shareholders' equity mean a future increase in the share price?
How do equity research analysts decide to put more efforts studying certain periods/quarters than others?
How does private equity work, especially in film and television programmes?
If a stock can be hedged by long/short futures then why do hedge fund manager use delta hedging?
As an owner of a company, what should I look for in my company's statement of financial position and income statement?
Why do only 1% of Indians invest in the financial markets?
Why do people take the CFA if those who have it generally underperform an index?
What are the highlights of the 14th Finance Commission?
Are children​ assets or liabilities​, in terms of life, reality, finance, and the future​?
How can I achieve financial security at age 40? I'm an intelligent woman. Single mom, worked and raised 2 boys. Yet still have nothing financially.
Why do investment banks always get fined? Are they fined too much or too little?
At what price is it wise to get onboard the ethereum train? Given I will invest to hold for 5 years at least.
Is my credit score important for an apartment loan or any commercial loan?
Is it the right time to invest a lump sum amount in an equity savings fund (hybrid fund), as people are expecting the bull phase of the market to continue?
What does "buoyant financial markets" mean?
Why is EV/EBITDA less prone to changes in capital structure and accounting standards?
What does the recent centrist win in France depict for Eurozone's economy?
What is the oldest bond mutual fund?
Can a skilled trade business owner like a plumber take home 3 million dollars a year in California?
What exactly is long term investment in equity? How does it help?
How is the work like in the Operations division at Goldman Sachs in Bangalore?
Which are some good financial advisory firms in Mumbai for strategic funding?
What is the usefulness of a Leased Letter of Credit, bank guarantee, etc.? Can these leased assets be monetized for the purpose of raising funds?
What could catalyze the decline and / or end of high frequency trading?
Do originating banks provide individual debtor credit prospectuses for investors to perform due diligence prior to purchasing asset backed securities?
How can India achieve financial inclusion? And how could an entrepreneurial venture help in the same?
What’s the difference between securities and investments?
How do you handle finances in your marriage?
How is financial statements analysis used in value investing?
Which is a better option in financial management: CFA or MS?
What is the subscribed capital of the member if 16,000,000 shares has a par value of 2000?
Which specialization is better and in demand among marketing, Finance and Operations in Business Analytics?
Why does liabilities come first in the balance sheet?
How many CPA eligibility credits will I get for MBA in finance and accounting?
What skills do I need to obtain to become a volatility trader at a hedge fund?
With the market at an all-time high and a heavy inflow of money in mutual funds, is it advisable to invest in MF?
If we require funds, can we get private funds for running a company from somewhere even though our company's account is NPA?
What are some ways we can sustainably finance a universal basic income?
Which books related to finance could be of great help to an MBA student?
Will the import duty of 125% on luxury/sports cars be slashed after the roll out of GST on July 1st?
If mutual funds give returns of 10% and above, why are banks eager to give home loans for 8.8% and less?
Is it possible for me to deposit 10L as FD, take an overdraft, and lend 8L to my friend at 24% interest? Can I make 8+23% yearly, after paying overdraft interest of 1%?
As a financial analyst, how could you have found out Valeant Pharmaceuticals was a fraud?
What is the impact of the “Shrinking Alpha” on quantitative trading?
Which is the best mutual fund for 2017?
What does it mean when an owner says they will finance at 25% down, 6%, with a 5 year balloon and I get to pick the amortization?
What are the different ways to determine projected earnings growth of a company?
What are some financial data services which provide insider transactions on Asian stocks for retail investors?
Which is better, Indian School of Business and Finance or St. Xavier’s, Bombay?
What is rebalance in a mutual fund?
Should I go for an MBA or an M.Fin after undergrad if I want to be a financial analyst on Wall Street?
What kind of financing can I obtain if I have a AAA-rated off-take agreement?
Is leveraged finance a good career?
What should I do to increase my chances to get a Finance internship?
Why do we not add non cash expenses to calculate interest coverage ratio?
Does it make sense to do CFA after you already got entry in the investment banking domain as an associate post MBA?
How do speculate fund tips providers know the FII & DII activity?
What do you mean by variable reserved ratio?
What is the best idea to invest short term $2,000?
Is it more profitable to go into engineering or finance?
As an accounts payable executive, what extra courses can I do which can help me in building my career in finance?
Is there an association exclusively dedicated to multifamily asset managers?
Which is the best in Australia: Finance, HR, or marketing?
How or where does one buy junk bonds?
What do you mean by government finance?
How are the placements at IIBS? Which field has more scope between marketing and finance?
Are there manual traders at hedge funds and are they good?
What are some trends in the global investing environment that aren't as covered / understood?
How do you give a company's revenue numbers authority?
Can the foreigner buy mutual funds in Germany?
I am an Indian working in USA, how do I invest money giving high interest rates? Is it good idea to send money to India and invest in Fixed Deposits?
What is the concept of a forward market intervention by the central banks?
How is an equity analyst different from a fixed income analyst?
What do experts believe a person should have before investing?
Which is the best bank to take out an education loan with, without collateral security, at a low interest rate?
What metrics are used by management/innovation consulting firms- EBITDA multiples, comps, DCF, economic value (ROIC-WACC) or otherwise?
What is the best way to turn $100 into $500?
What is credit risk management?
Would you advise someone to invest in government security bonds?
What are some must kmow terms in banking?
Is SONSETFUND American?
What are some of the roles of financial intermediaries?
If usury is forbidden in Islam, what do Christianity and Judaism say about usury?
What is a memorandum balance sheet?
Which is a better option - CFA or MBA in finance?
What is the meaning of stylized facts in finance?
How can Vijay Mallya not finance/sustain Kingfisher Airlines but can finance/sustain Force India Formula One Team?
If an asset account has a credit balance, it is automatically considered as abnormal account?
Where can I find the amount of outstanding consumer debt, listed by biggest bank in descending order?
How is a rental yield similar to a PE ratio?
What are some tips for building a sustainable career as an annual report photographer?
What are the exit opportunities for an execution trader at a macro fund?
What are some of the best renewable energy mutual funds to invest in India?
How does the UN earn funding and financial support to keep this organization running well?
Are profesional finance qualifications better than academic finance qualifications?
Why are more people enrolling in the CFA even though finance jobs are being automated away?
Can the liquid mutual fund amounts be considered as the proof of funds for the PNP program or does it have to be bank statements, FDs, RDs?
How intense are the economics and finance programs at the University of Bristol?
What is free cash flow hypothesis?
Do the trustees of some mutual funds have the power to impose personal liability on shareholders?
What is a rights issue exactly?
Which is not an element of the life insurance business - assets, risk, principle of mutuality, and subsidies?
I lent a friend an asset, but they refuse to pay me back. They liquidated it and the asset value has doubled. What asset value would he owe in court?
What should I do in order to invest in mutual funds?
What is captured in a price to NAV ratio that is not captured in the WACC?
How do mortgage backed securities improve balance sheet ratios?
What does "the average price of transactions of agents" mean? Is it the midpoint price?
Can I invest all my savings in different types of mutual funds (DEBT, largeCap, Midcap), or I have to go with FD?
Is it worth it to do PGDM (finance) at IFIM Bangalore?
How do I come out of a financial crisis without investing any additional capital?
When are expense ratios charged on mutual funds? Are they prorated for new investors?
From where and when can I buy NHAI and RECL bonds?
What should I look for in an income statement?
How financial inclusion facilitates inclusive development?
What are India's most debt-ridden companies?
While calculating CAR, is 1.25% of total risk-weighted assets included in Capital Tier 2?
Which are the top 5 stocks in banking sector for investment?
Where can I find a list of non-banking financial services (NBFIs)?
Have banks artificially inflated house prices by providing loans? Without loans they'd be cheaper, right?
Why does a small company need to prepare a financial report?
How do I register bonds with SEC?
What would the pros and cons of a consumption-based taxation system be vis-a-vis the current production-based one?
What is the best alternative to the DSP-BR Micro Cap Fund?
How do lending agencies determine their rates for income-based loans?
What is the best asset class to invest in mutual funds at this time, equity or debt?
Why is it important to diversify your investment portfolio?
What can an undergraduate student majoring in economics/finance do to have an advantage over other students?
What are the best ways to make >10% annual interest rate on an investment (as a non-USA resident)?
What is the best way to become a finance manager, doing an MBA (finance), completing a CA or is there another method?
What qualities do I need to have to get into the topmost investment banking companies?
Is odd-lot trading allowed in your main exchange or country?
Can Vanguard further decrease the cost ratios of their passively managed funds by utilizing machine/AI/automatic trading?
I need to sell part of a fund,and one is doing much better than the other. Should I withdraw from the weaker growing G fund?
When is it not worth it anymore to invest in skills, but on appreciative assets?
I want to invest 1000 rs p.m. in an equity mutual fund for 20 years. Which mutual fund would be best for this purpose?
How do hedge funds use stop losses?
How do you speculate in a market that is in a bubble?
Why is it that there is such a discrapency between the interest rates that different banks give for high yield savings account?
What is the difference between required rate of return and dividends?
Why do we take the cost of capital as a discount rate to calculate present value?
What is a constant yield method of an amortization?
How should angel investment be booked on a cash flow forecast?
Which is the best bank to take personal loan from at lowest rate?
How do I develop a deeper understanding of the stock market, and basically the secondary market? Please suggest ways to learn more or the names of some good books on finance and economics, etc.?
Are floating rate (toxic, death spiral, floorless) convertible bonds legal in Europe?
Are physical assets more important than intellectual assets?
What is a “mid-cap fund” in the case of mutual funds?
The NAV value of one of the mutual funds(Which i was thinking to invest) in my watch-list has decreased by 7(47 to 40). Should I invest in that now?
Where can MBA students get training in HR finance in Jaipur?
Where can I find data on real vs speculation trading in financial markets?
Are there any crytocurrencies traded on the Nasdaq?
How do you repatriate offshore funds?
What are some good finance apps for SMBs?
How do I grow my money 15-20% doing long-term stock investments (5-10 years)?
What is the use of IRR?
What is the meaning of stated interest rate and effective interest rate?
What are the career opportunities in the analytics field after an MBA in system and finance?
If a mutual fund scheme does not declare any dividends then will the NAV of the growth and dividend option remain the same?
What is the role of the finance department?
What's the maximum rate of interest in an NBFC bank in India?
Why do long-term Treasuries and gold shoot up at the same time during a flight to safety, given that both are contradictory inflationary plays?
Which company offers internships in Chandigarh for MBA finance students?
With the rise of ETFs and low cost indexing, is there still justification for fee-heavy, actively-managed funds? Can anyone consistently beat the market?
I’m a finance professional (IB + private equity) moving to an early-stage startup in a COO/lead business development role. How can I best prepare myself to excel?
In what manner can discount rates affect the economy?
What are the repercussions of Babiš' probable resignation as Minister of Finance for the Czech political scene?
Can we depreciate all fixed assets? I mean all, starting from PCs till furniture. Why yes or why no?
What are the consultancy services offered to financial institutions and what problems do they address?
Will the House pass the Financial Choice Act this month?
How much in loans did the Indian government pay to the World Bank up to 2013?
Is it possible to buy multiple mutual funds from the same platform?
Is there a difference between the optimal portfolio and the minimum variance portfolio?
What is contingent interest and difference to defensible interest?
Should I get a job in India with a BA hons in international business and finance?
What is the best course to pursue after an MBA in finance?
Do university degrees have a lower return on investment nowadays?
What are trade-related investment measures?
How can a car become an appreciating asset?
How do I transition from academia to investment banking?
What are “Euro convertible bonds”?
How does a company use my money invested in equity?
What is a debt share?
I am in NYC, with an advanced business degree, running out of savings fast. How can I find a summer job ASAP? (not waiting table kind job)
Which flip certification module adds value to an MBA finance student?
Is Sensex’s rise related to the availability of more money with fund managers rather than the growth of companies?
What is the best financial advice you have ever received?
During IPO bidding, where is the blocked amount of investors stored until shares have been allocated to them?
What effect does decreasing CAD have on mutual funds?
Which one is better, an MBA in finance or a master’s in statistics?
Is a broker necessary to invest in Indian stocks?
I'm interested in day trading but know nothing about Finance. Where would you suggest I begin my journey to educate myself?
How many professional traders and brokers are employed worldwide?
Are there any mutual fund in India which are giving more than 20% return continuously for more than 5 years?
When the US Treasury sells securities, do they receive physical cash in return?
What is the annual return using acorn investing?
Are there any good cryptocurrency mutual funds or ETFs?
What is the difference between cash credit and working capital demand loan?
Why does the U.S. have such low foreign-exchange reserves?
How can we start finance business?
Where could I find easy to digest data (e.g., earnings and forecasts) on Hong Kong stocks online akin to NASDAQ's analyst research page?
How does one design an index fund?
Which institution is best to study at in India, in order to become an investment banker?
Can anyone elaborate the difference between Money bill and Finance bill?
Would you be able get funding for a film that is not likely to make a huge return?
Is getting a job at Google in finance as hard as it is for coding/engineering?
What is the value of a professional financial advice?
Will Yes Bank be held accountable for doing Rs 4000 crore under reporting of bad assets?
What are good thesis topics in finance combined with data science?
Are Ripple, Nem and Stellar just Pump and Dumps, Ponzis or outright scams?
What is the taxation on money market funds in India? Do they have a similar treatment as the other debt funds?
I’m having many business ideas in various fields, but no money, not even to survive properly. What should I do to get the money to start work on some ideas?
What is the difference between reflux ratio, vaporization ratio, and relative volatility in binary distillation problems?
Which is the best PG course for a textile technologist?
Which Debt/Equity Ratio do you use when calculating WACC?
What are the things to be considered for starting an asset management firm in India?
Why might non-current assets not be the same as market value?
How should I plan my career if I aspire to be a hedge fund manager or an investment banker?
What is the difference between debt securities and bonds?
Which are the most successful stock market investment stories?
Do investment bankers have to act in alignment with the client’s best interest?
How does the acquisition of a business division differ from that of an entire company? How is that analyzed in terms of whether it is a good investment?
If you were placing an intrinsic value on an Ethereum coin as if it were a stock, what model would you use?
What are the ways that a company can defraud its creditors?
In terms of the finance sector, which institute is better, Harvard or INSEAD?
How can I invest in mutual funds? What is the step by step process?
What is a sellable asset value?
What is the benefit of using Quantopian for quant trading vs. quant trading directly through Interactive Brokers?
What's the median package at JBIMS for an MSc in finance for top 10 students (in a batch of 30)?
Does the volatility of a stock or asset affect the commission that a broker charges?
Given the good results and a low P/E ratio, what is your view on Karnataka Bank for the long-term?
How are mutual funds managed by the fund managers?
What exactly does a hedge fund company do and how can one benefit from their services?
What are "option markets" in finance?
What would happen if everybody in India invests in mutual funds?
Is it worthwhile to get an MBA from a top business school if I already have an MS in Finance?
How and why is debt sold?
What is a good tropical place to work with finance/technology?
What are some good books to read about finance, entrepreneurship, saving/investing and similar types?
Can the balance of an asset on a standalone basis be more than the balance on a consolidated basis?
Which is the better college, FMS IRM in Jaipur or SKIPS in Ahmedabad for an MBA in finance?
What is a twin balance sheet problem?
Why is depreciation a credit item in a trial balance?
Why don’t banks follow the base rates set by the government?
Is developing a manual portfolio tracker web app a good idea?
Can great wealth be made from business alone or is investment required?
I want to buy index funds. Are there any European online trading platforms that allow you to buy index funds?
Why do companies pay dividends?
What Vskills certification is the best in terms of pursuing an MBA in Finance?
In the United Kingdom, are banks mandated to hire external counsel on loan transaction/deals?
For an American who makes $500k a year, how much of that do they get to keep after taxes?
What should I do if an activist hedge fund bought a lot of shares in a company I'm invested in?
Is it fair to say that the UK government actively promotes London as a financial capital, while the US government doesn't care as much about NYC?
Which financial instrument (including derivatives) has the highest trading volume in the US markets?
How much can I invest in a fund house in a year?
What is the best way to double my money quickly?
Why did the stock price of Edelweiss Financial Service fall today?
What is meant by a fixed charges coverage ratio?
Why is the silver market so volatile as compared to the gold market?
What is the standard expenditure audit process?
Which bank has lowest interest rate for education loan & what are requirements for taking loan up to Rs 30 lakhs?
What is equity and derivative market?
Is there a better ETF fund than Vanguard's VFIAX?
How is the depreciation of different vehicles calculated?
Why are assets and expenses debited, and liabilities and revenue credited?
What are examples of the impact of the financial market on the growth and behavior of businesses?
What are the mathematics topics used when studying for an MBA in finance in India?
For a master’s in management, should I specialize in finance?
What if financial institutions stipulated that prospectuses should be approved by them?
Why is Venezuela in such bad shape financially?
Considering that I am young and have zero liabilities - how do I become rich investing in equity and mutual funds?
Which are the best universities for MBA (finance) in Germany?
What does the company you work for do in financial markets?
How can bad debt expense values be used for determining the financial health of a company?
What is spread pricing in banking?
What is the total intake of ISBF (Indian School of Business and Finance) at the undergraduate level?
What is the difference between uncovered and covered interest rate parity?
What is an appropriate rate of return on a business purchase?
Will the "Dave" overdraft protection app be able to help poor people?
What will be the effect of interest rates for home loans, if a war is started?
How frequently are mutual fund portfolios (stock holding of MFs) updated in Moneycontrol/ValueResearch?
What would be a good theme for an MSc thesis in equity evaluation methods: accounting versus finance analysts?
Are there industrial engineers in finance/banking?
Which is the best mutual fund in which to invest 30k in a lump sum in India for five years?
What is the formula for rate of return?
What are the benefits of equity investment in our country?
What is the nav (rate) of REC bonds and NHAI bonds?
Last year, Third Point (hedge fund) made a big deal about hiring a data chief (Matt Ober). What do people in the quant industry think of this guy?
What are the best options for Investments before world war, if it happens?
What's it like to go out at night as a banker?
How do government bonds function?
Does financial market research ever use discrete data?
What is the NNP with relation to capital depreciation?
Is it worth taking BITS Pilani WILP MBA Finance program? I am working in financial reporting & want to enhance my career by taking a recognized course.
What is the best plan to invest in mutual funds for beginners?
What is the best university to study accounting and finance in India?
Are there any good “small investment but high profits” projects?
What’s the value of the bond. Should it be bought? What is its yield at maturity?
Which are presently the best mutual fund investments for growth in a balanced fund in India?
What are some businesses I can start in high school that revolve around asset management/finance?
If I buy mutual funds through online, when can I sell it?
What is a good way to invest €50,000, besides real estate, funds, shares, and bonds, with an investment horizon of 10-20 years and a moderate risk tolerance?
Does long-term investing in India have any risks? If yes, what are they? What are the ways to nullify the risk involved?
How do I sell internationally without losing money on currencies exchange rates?
How can the balance sheet be balanced if a company takes out a loan?
How do I start an online platform for stock and mutual fund trading in India? What registrations are required?
As a technology analyst at a financial firm, what are some of the most important concepts you should know?
Which method of accounting is used to prepare consolidated financial statements using TALLY?
Can a person with a small amount of capital, e.g. $100, earn money through day trading?
Why do we need people with the CFA with robot advisors taking over our finances?
Would an MBA in finance after a bachelors in accounting and marketing be beneficial?
Is there an options software which lets me hedge my short option positions by visualizing easily?
What's so bad about big banks?
What is the main difference between capital reserve and reserve capital?
What is the main purpose of financial forecasting?
How would you define Basel 1 and Basel 2 norms in simple terms?
What is depreciation of money?
What are some cheapest educational institutions in Australia for a postgraduate diploma in finance?
Is it possible to profit from a zero volatility portfolio (i.e. the standard deviation of the portfolio = 0, thus the assets are perfectly negatively correlated)?
What are the different kinds of debt instruments which developed in India post liberalization?
How do I know the price earning ratio for the banking industry?
By the age of 25, are CA CFA FRM good enough qualifications?
How do you calculate the level of finance needed for a business?
If we know a new financial crisis is coming, what should we do as a trader?
What are the current PhD research topics in Stochastic Process applied in finance?
How do I analyze a mutual fund before investing?
What are some good low cost/fee, mid-cap index funds?
What is the difference between a private equity fund and an equity fund and which one is better for the long term?
How much does JP Morgan pay at IIM Calcutta for finance, and how much money will one clear after cutting all the bonuses?
What are some examples of financial resources?
What isn’t a capital structure problem?
MBA Finance Currently I m working as Trade Finance operations profile & willing to appear for FRM exam & will my previous experience will be useful?
How does an SIP in mutual funds across five separate equities work? How would I start?
Why is Shilpi Cable not present in any mutual fund holdings although it has a good fundamental figure?
Do you get finances if you are successful on Quora?
How is the performance of the Canara Robeco Emerging Equities mutual fund?
Which level in the fair value hierarchy does a financial instrument belong to, whose bid-ask prices are only quoted by the issuer?
Can you tell me whether my understanding of the difference between capital receipt and capital profit, which is explained below, is correct?
Which questions would you ask directly after getting promoted as managing director for a seed investment firm within a family office to reduce risks?
Is registering in BF Utilities useful for mutual fund investments?
What is meant by equity funds?
Do you have a copy of an investment fund presentation I can review from Renaissance Technologies, DRW, or Jump?
Can I get a loan to afford a master in finance at Kozminski University in Poland?
What are some good institutes in Kolkata to learn finance management and wealth management?
What is CAN registration, with respect to mutual fund trading?
What are the common errors committed while trading?
After dismissal from a bank, can I get a job based on banking experience without an experience certificate?
Is sponsorship spending shown in a company's annual report?
Can depreciation be withdrawn by the owner?
What is the 50-year average return of the stock market globally (country-wise)?
Is MSc in finance from LBS a good course?
What are the best academic books on finance?
How is the postgraduate degree in quantitative finance (PGDQF) at NISM?
I am from engineering background. Can I make my career in finance?
Why does the market still use credit ratings when there is credit default swaps to indicate credit risk?
Which tools are the best to manage my businesses cash flow?
What does NNA mean in business analysis or finance?
Could I verify/trace my mutual fund investments with a PAN number since I have not maintained any record of my investments?
What will I get if I invest $1000 in 20 years with 4% interest rate?
Is there any alert or other way to find out what new stocks Indian mutual fund houses are buying or increasing the stakes on? I don’t want to check it fund by fund.
How much bigger did the US national debt get following the 2008 stock market crash?
If a decrease in the assets is a loss for the business, then why is a loss debited while the assets decreasing are credited?
A bank will lend 80% of the $10M required to purchase a business. Aside from my talent to run it, what should I offer an investor if they put up the other $2M?
What are the job prospects after getting an MBA in finance?
Has anyone invested in DHFL Swayamsidha deposit for women?
What is a free finance API that replaces the old Yahoo API for things like PEG ratio, EPS, etc. for Google spreadsheets?
How do I copy successful traders?
What is the difference between gross and net?
What personality traits are advantageous for Wall Street?
How can you calculate change in net working capital?
Which are the good institutes providing training on Foreign Exchange Risk Management and Treasury Management in Kolkata or suitable online mode?
How do I start investing in mutual funds using the SBI MF website?
What exactly caused the stock market to crash in 1929?
What is mutual fund in India? Is it beneficial?
Which coding language is best for the financial market?
What books must be read for improving financial literacy?
What is the difference between the true rate and the flat rate in banks and leasing companies, and how is it calculated?
Will a master’s in FinTech help me in pursuing a career in hedge fund management?
Why would young entrepreneurs consider borrowing funds from a private lending company?
How do I start a hedge fund with 15 lakhs, by trading for other people in their name?
Which is the best way to become a finance manager- by doing an MBA, by completing CA, or by any other method? Which would be the most helpful in the future?
What financial asset class should preform the best in a growing economy with a tightening monetary policy?
What's the possibility of succeeding in business when borrowing from financial institutions?
What's the best risk control system for hedge funds?
What are the benefits of paying tax in Norway?
Which CLG is the best for an MBA in finance outside of India?
How did Drexel Burnham get to dominate high-yield bonds in Wall Street in the 1980s given that it was not a big player then?
What is the difference between an actuary and an investment banker? Can one do an investment banking course?
What is the difference between economic help and financial help?
I wish to scale my family business of apparel retail.I want to introduce proper systems so that it can run without me.How should i delegate work?
What is the best short term Finance certification course that I can do in the weekends?
Why is it important to learn financial institutions and markets?
What is the best way to change from a career in Finance to a career in software engineering?
What are the best finance job portal abroad from India?
How can I understand finance and foreign trade easily?
Are there any finance magazines about stocks that I can contribute to?
Is the hedge fund industry dying?
How do you cash a surety bond?
How should I get a sense of aircraft trading values in the market as an aircraft leasing capital (debt/equity) investor?
What will happen if I got rid of my comprehensive and collision? What will my car financing institution do?
What is margin money in loans?
What is management audit?
What are some good books to learn finance/accounting for entrepreneurs according to Gordon Miller?
Which mutual fund or stocks are best to invest 25 lakhs income to get more surplus amount in the next 5 years?
How do I issue a corporate guarantee?
What should be a reasonable operating margin for a vertical online platform/marketplace business (like HelloTech, TaskRabbit or similar)?
How do I become a successful trader by investing INR 50000 to 80000 from Kolkata? What should be the product & platform?
What is the difference between a net cash value and a guaranteed cash value in life insurance?
What is the difference between what the investment banks did and what Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac did to cause the financial crisis?
What are the educational requirements for an MBA in Canada (finance) as well as a masters in finance in Canada? (I am from India.)
Can you trust a private bank to manage your money and not skim the funds?
Why is residual value divided by the WACC?
Is it feasible to do an LBO on a small business?
How did customers from developing countries pay for goods and services to suppliers from other countries?
What are the types of mutual funds? How can I choose the suitable one for me?
How can a person with a sound financial family background get funds for a business without any help from their family?
What qualities do a good financial adviser have?
Why do Indian mutual fund companies mostly buy banking stocks? Is buying long-term banking stocks a good strategy?
How did London become Europe's financial hub despite the world's highest stamp fee of 0.5% for the London Stock Exchange?
How long do I have to forecast FCF for a valuation?
What are the countries where a Certified Financial Planner (CFPcm) can get a job?
Which master degree is better, an M.Sc in Financial Engineering, an M.Sc in Finance, an M.Sc in Applied Mathematics, or an MBA in Finance?
What should I do if I know for sure that there's gonna be a huge stock exchange crash?
Is it easy to get a chance at ISBF, Indian School of Business and Finance, how is the competition?
What are the 7 reasons why you are financially broke?
What would be the salary of a junior manager finance in RITES?
What is the scope of an MBA in finance for an electrical engineer if he is working in the power sector?
How do I use stock exchange game?
How do I calculate a simple rate of return?
What do you learn in a Financial Engineering course?
How can you tell the difference between “Good “ Investments and “Bad” investments?
Is there such a thing as a low risk, high yield investment or is there always the inverse relationship?
How does Excellon 5 help with financial capabilities?
What is the book-building process in an IPO?
How do equity analysts learn about an industry that they don't know anything about when starting to research an industry?
What are bank government securities?
How do I calculate the yield or price of a perpetual bond?
What is meant by securities premium reserve/account in a balance sheet? How important is it, and what can we analyze with this in a balance sheet?
Why is Divi’s Laboratories stock tanking? Based on a DCF model, it’s worth more than the current price (~570 rupees), so is there any rationale behind the drop?
Are there any quantities that are conserved in Finance (apart from money)?
What is the procedure for corporate investments in a mutual fund?
Where can I learn microfinance?
Should my son take a joint major in economics and mathematics at UCSD or accounting and finance at Warwick?
What is the fear of money called?
Are there any futures contracts with 1-day terms?
How do sales people in the financial services industry find their leads?
How do you calculate daily amortization on a loan with variable daily payments?
Which companies are hiring for accounting/finance departments in India?
Why are central banks buying stock securities around the world?
What do you look for when investing in a stock and reading annual reports?
Who do you think has a better future - a quantitative researcher at hedge fund like Citadel or a proprietary trader at Jane Street?
Can I do CFA level 2 during June if I have just finished my degree in May and am awaiting my results?
What are the future prospects for a career in investment banking?
What is the logic behind making so much money and giving it away, like Warren Buffett has done?
Is there any opening in investment banking in Pune?
If everyone keeps saying that buying an option is a losing trade, who keeps buying options?
What is the average brokerage fee for mutual funds in India?
How do you know if your investment is fairly valued?
Will the US declare war on Bitcoin anytime? Why not?
Which stocks should I start investing?
Should I go with Jagoinvestor financial planners or Edelweiss planners, or is there any better financial planning company/planner?
What does an MBA in finance and operations deal with?
How does one learn to understand Bloomberg's articles?
Which is the better option, an unsecured loan or a secured loan?
What technical skill set is required for an MBA finance graduate?
Which index funds should I buy?
What are the mitigation measures when net present value is high?
How does Pramod Kumar find stocks for options trading?
Given the market run up, is it a more prudent option to invest in the dividend option of an existing mutual fund?
How can we earn money by hedging Nifty futures with BSE futures? What is an opportune time to break hedging?
When should I increase investment amount on MF, when market return is high or when low?
What business can be done today in India with finances of, say, 2 crore?
How good are Khanacademy's finance and capital market courses?
Do professional investors really believe in risk-return trade-off? (i.e. one requires higher expected return if standard deviation is higher)
Is education a worthy asset to invest in, with the current high levels of unemployment in my country?
What exactly is new in Andrew Lo's new book, Adaptive Markets: Financial Evolution at the Speed of Thought?
Intuitively, if I am in the money, why does my delta go down if my volatility goes up?
How does trading in a foreign company from a foreign exchange work from a US investor’s perspective?
What is the potential of mutual fund distribution in India?
How can I become a CPA in Ontario with a BBA Finance degree in hand from Sheridan/Seneca?
In layman’s terms, what exactly happened in the market crash of 2008?
Is this the right time (May 2017) to invest in mutual funds, as the market is at an all-time high?
Can a candidate with no mathematic background opt for MSC finance in JBIMS?
What are the factors to consider before parking funds in a foreign country?
Is it possible that Target had 25 billion in sales in 1996?
What are the disadvantages to consider of non-performing loans?
Is it normal in the business world to get fired the way Trump fired FBI Director Comey for doing his job?
Can you review my mutual fund portfolio?
What kind of financial math should a shareholder know?
What is the simplest way to start investing with high yield returns for a newbie?
What are the best financial books related to Indian market economy?
What was the reaction of people all over the globe after the great Wall Street crash of 1929?
Which are the stocks that frequently rise?
What are derivative markets?
What is the ratio between debt to income to qualify for bankruptcy?
Do mortgage-backed securities have tranches? How are CDOs related to mortgage-backed securities?
Is it good to change an existing SBI home loan interest at the base rate of 9.25% to an MCLR interest rate of 8.80% with Rs. 7,500 conversion charges?
What are some of the advice and guidance you would give to hedge fund aspirant?
How do you take into account currency volatility in your ARR calculations if selling abroad?
What are the main reasons that prevents Indians to invest in mutual funds?
What is the top growth stock mutual funds?
What are the criteria to arrive at the judgment that the investment in a particular stock is really a value investment? What is the rule?
How can I put my money on an index fund?
Do the low treasury rates protect us from a stock crash?
Why did SEBI make it mandatory for companies to dilute at least 25% of the total ownership?
Where can I get a list of countries available on Google Finance Currency Converter?
What is the additional charge applied by Sharekhan for mutual fund SIP transactions compared to banks?
Does betfair exchange offers financial bets like FTSE or Dow Jones to back and lay?
How much accounting do you need to know in order to be a Quantitative/Mathematical Finance major? What is the math that is required for this?
Are returns earned from all liquid mutual funds tax-free?
Which mutual fund performance measurement ratios (Sharpe, Sortino, Treynor, information, alpha) best describes its performance?
What are your thoughts on the following accounting question: What are the factors that go into deciding between cash flow vs accrual accounting?
What is capital revenue ?
As an IPCC student with keen interest in finance, what is the ed-ex or cousera, else any other online courses best suited for me?
What are capital structure weights?
What is the difference between cash inflows and outflows?
How can I manage my budget with a take home salary of 15k, if I started a 2k mutual fund investment?
Would it be a perfect hedge if I had a cash index portfolio with a beta of 1.0, and also shorted the SP500 futures with the same nominal value?
What is risk and uncertainty in capital budgeting?
How can a physics undergrad get a job as a trader/quant trader, or anything similar, in the financial industry?
Where can I apply my knowledge of finance and economics?
Is it true that the total investment of all of the projects in OBOR is $1 trillion? If yes, how will China invest/fund such a massive programme?
What is the salary of an MBA graduate with 4 years of experience in the finance domain, in Bahrain?
Is it wise to withdraw state retirement funds to invest in stock or other higher yield funds? I will be making a job change and I'm under 30.
What would be 2017's value of Rs.100 crore in the year 2000? What methodology is used to calculate it?
Should I change majors to finance?
In the field of financial risk management, is Java or C++ used more widely?
What is the meaning of the statement 'Company has declared a final dividend of Rs.2.50 per equity share of Rs.5/- each for the financial year XXXX’?
I find there are hardly any companies hiring CA freshers in core finance areas. What are the companies that would provide me better opportunities?
How do sinking fund provisions differ from normal bond provisions?
In SAP Finance certification, what are the differences among C_TS4FI_1610, C_TS4FI_1511, and C_SSF_1503?
Did James Comey work for Bridgewater, a hedge fund described as a "cult," just before he was chosen as FBI chief?
Is a midcap fund equity-oriented or debt-oriented?
What are the best books for financial modelling?
What are the differences between a nominated bank, advising bank, negotiating bank, reimbursing bank, and confirming bank?
What does Warren Buffett look for in financial reports of companies?
How does a share capital account function in issue of shares?
What is the interest rate charged by angel investers?
What is the difference between profit booking and market correction?
Where can I find data for a study on bond market crashes (bond price quotes and option put quotes)?
What is the best way to financially help someone?
How much could the SP500 total market cap still rise before we enter bubble territory?
How do top value investment funds conduct due diligence?
What is the importance of financial analysis for a new venture?
What courses will help credit underwriters in the financial sector?
Why mining as a wasting assets?
Is it ok to open a mutual fund account through HDFC with Birla Sun Life saying that I will get my corpus back in 6 -10 years, and then switch funds after that?
What is the historical data of a company’s bond being liquidated? What is the process of this?
Are there bubbles that are not stock market, gambling or loan related but could lead to financial or even personal or human disasters?
How do you securely manage your investments online?
Is the ticker VXX leveraged?
What is the negative impact of interest to the society?
Which is the best direct mutual fund Robo-advisor in India?
How important is coding for someone aspiring to be in finance? Should I spend my summer doing an internship with no finance profile or learn to code?
What should I do after a B.Com, if I have an interest in economics and finance?
How can I withdraw money from my HSA account if I have invested it in mutual funds?
When a bond professional tells you that Bond X is selling for the constant maturity comparable plus 120 basis points, what does that mean?
How do sukuk, or Islamic bonds, comply with Islam given that Islam forbids paying an interest?
What does it mean if a stock exchange operator is "demutualized"?
Is Communist China charging interest of 17% per annum to Pakistan for its investments? Does charging such a high interest rate fit into the realm of communism?
What is the effect of interest rates on industry?
Can a purchase of a company recording negative cash flow lead to the tax reduction of a buyer?
Is the financial sector a parasite to society?
How likely is it that a documentary provides a financial return?
One of my friends died at a young age, and his family don't know what his financial situation was. How do we check his accounts and other assets?
What are the hike rates at Capgemini?
What will be the right age at which to start investing in a mutual fund?
What is the Elliot wave theory?
How does the calculation of WACC (Weighted Average Cost of Capital) for a bank differ from, let’s say, a chemical or any other company?
Why does Gordon Miller minimise his debt? Isn't he reducing his financial leverage by doing so?
Will Germany accept Macron's ambitions for the completion of the banking union, a eurozone finance minister and the issuance of joint bonds?
What is share buyback?
What should one expect in the JBIMS MSc finance interview? How do you prepare for the MSc finance exam?
Is it in a bank's interests to have its customers financially successful?
How much do we need to transfer for a new Demat account ? Can I transfer 1000rs?
What is the scope of financial market management at the UG level?
How can I fund my XM account?
What are the biggest pains of managing digital assets?
What kinds of services do private equity firms hire strategy consulting firms for?
How do I increase my wealth as a 22 year old?
What is the best way to invest 5 lakh rupees in stock markets in India—could it be intraday trade, mutual funds, etc.?
Are there still stock brokers?
What are some dissertation topics related to finance or entrepreneurship for my MBA?
How does Flip ID monetize their services? (Besides revenue from bank's interest rate)
Are circuit breakers and other exchange rules preventing the usual volatility seen in markets?
How I can invest online from mutual fund websites?
Is it smart to borrow money to pay individual bills?
Why is money in the hedge fund industry mostly concentrated among the biggest hedge funds given that big fund size impedes performance?
What happens to the mortgages of home owners when they receive a "bad loan"? Did people lose their homes because of debt or the lack of an agreement?
What is “ATC” in banking?
What are the different career options in banking sector?
Should I sell part of my mutual fund’s SIPS units when the market is high, or should I let it remain for better returns?
What should I choose between marketing or finance?
Is it better for a finance major to get into venture capitalism (if so, how), financial advisor role, or work finance within a tech company?
What will be the ideal mutual fund scheme for a 54-year-old person with 7 years left before retirement in India?
Are different industries (e.g. financial vs retail) targeted with different, specific phishing attacks?
Should one partly redeem units of mutual funds when the stock market is at an all time high and repurchase them again when the market cools off?
What is "front running" in financial markets?
How does an MBA in finance help in the hotel business?
What is Online Seller Finance?
Is it illegal to record a phone call with a representative of a financial institution, such as a bank or a loan company?
Will it be good to pursue an MS in Finance (mainly into investment banking courses related to capital market, money market, etc.) from the US? Also, which are the best universities to get into where the best finance courses are offered?
Which mutual fund is the best in small cap or multi-cap funds if I want to invest 2k per month?
How is the life of a full time trader?
Is there any relation between actuarial sciences and the banking sector?
How many cigarettes can cause COPD?
Which sector mutual fund will be the best bet for the next 1 or 2 years?
Why do oil companies often have a higher dividend rate than the earnings per share?
Do investment banking analysts in a boutique investment bank in Mumbai work on weekends?
What do investors think about Snap's first earnings call / report?
How do we evaluate investment purpose & investment horizon?
Do UK companies file quarterly reports?
What is the best daily recap for financial markets?
How can a retail investor having a corpus of 50k-1lakh INR start investing in Private Equity?
Why do we take a change in stock into account when calculating the total value added by the firm to the economy?
Why should a non-financier learn finance?
What security was submitted by Mallya before taking a loan?
Which is better for a long-term investment, Geojit or Zerodha?
Should I leave my studies for a while and concentrate on a possible bussiness?
Do hedge funds need to have a high water mark in place? Also, are there any funds today that do not have one?
Why don’t schools also teach kids how to manage finances, handle different emotional situations and how to be street smart?
Which sector is likely to grow if the metal sector falls?
I'm a business graduate from a Swedish university and I want to work in investment banking in NY. What can I do?
What are securitizers?
How organized is your life financially, and can you give me advice to become financially secure?
What is the “pro rate” to calculate interest on capital?
What are the most successful or respected African American hedge funds?
What are the top blogs that top hedge fund managers read?
What are implications if the government fails to meet its financial needs?
What books will you recommend in order to develop a strong understanding of financial engineering, empirical finance and valuation principles?
Do I have a shot at working in the US for an Asset Management firm coming from Asia?
What is the best way to finance PO for a large chain store?
From when will the banks be off on every Saturday?
How do you know which Forex signals provider to choose?
What is something that needs to change/improve industry-wide, in investment banking?
Which courses are done before an MBA in finance degree?
In funding, what is the difference between angel capital and private equity capital?
What is the treatment of proposed dividend in a cash flow statement? I need details.
Which is the best mutual fund to invest ₹50,000 in as a lump sum?
Is there a calculator/Excel formula/steps to calculate the total saved interest with the extra amount I paid towards the principal for my home loan?
What kind of path is there for someone who doesn't possess math skills but wants to pursue a graduate degree in a finance related field?
Is investing in liquid funds a wise idea?
What are the best mutual funds in India to invest in 2017 for 3-4 years?
What is the difference between returns and allowances?
What do they mean when they say “Investors poured money into a certain stock?” Are they referring to volume or market cap increase?
How can I distinguish whether or not the moneylenders in Singapore are the licensed ones?
Is it not mandatory for financial institutions to announce the MCLRs and to reset the floating rate of interest for home loans?
In order to begin investing in the stock market, should I do a course on technical analysis? Will it really help me in picking the right stocks?
What could be the reasons behind the decline of the arbitrage industry in India?
Did the hedge fund manager take copious notes on your trading strategy when you had your interview with him?
How do I start an online platform for stock and mutual fund trading in India?
Is the gender-based earnings gap really an issue?
What is a book or a course for companies working capital and cash flow management?
What is the semiannual compounding yield to maturity on par bonds? What about the yield to maturity with continuous compounding?
Which country is best for traders?
What are the risks involved in investing money in mutual funds?
What finance profiles are offered at the University School of Business, PU and by which companies?
If I plan to take Financial Engineering as my master’s, which concentration should I take?
Why did Twitter stock trend upwards?
Can anyone assist me with, Financial Accounting, by A. R. Jennings?
Is buying Bordeaux En Primeur wine still a good investment?
How does money increase in the economy of a country that suddenly dug up a lot of oil reserves and starts selling it?
How will the role of an RM in banking change due to the digitalization of the financial sector? Will we see many jobless RMs?
What are the similarities between net and gross?
Should I save for an emergency fund or start investing in mutual funds?
If we require funds can we get private funds from someone else?
What is the impact of Fed rate cut on global economy?
What is the future of Lykke Exchange?
Is an MBA in finance equal to C.A.?
What are my chances of breaking into investment banking in India?
How can a layman understand the difference between stock price of a company and earnings per share of that company?
Which MBA specialisation is better - finance or marketing?
Keeping the bull market in view, which option is better to invest, liquid funds or equity savings funds?
What assess a sellable asset value?
In a hedge fund, how are the returns of the investors determined, given that they joined the fund at different times? What is the precise structure?
How do you calculate the whole portfolio profit in case of irregular deposits over time?
What are the best financial commodities or financial assets to own now?
What is the likely effect the repurchase will have on earnings per share and earnings per share growth?
Why are some central banks adopting negative interest rates?
Which is the best post-graduation course other than an MBA and an M.Com in Mumbai in banking and finance?
What are the list of things which a Finance Controller should know?
What are your views of IFCI stock?
How are hedge funds different from other securities?
Why do promoters of successful companies sell their stake?
How do you compare hi tech on the west coast with finance (HFT or Quant) in NYC in terms of salary, work environment, stability, etc.?
What were the causes of the global financial crisis? How might such a crisis be prevented from happening again?
What is a very profitable long term investment for a teenager and why?
Why does a rise in the price of bonds cause the interest rate to fall?
Is there any limit to holding a minimum amount in liquid funds?
Who can invest in a new private bank?
What kind of people are best-suited for business/finance/management careers?
Can we pursue masters in interiors with bachelors in finance?
Why don't banks follow the base rates that are set by the government?
How do stock traders predict volatility from stock fundamentals and technical analysis?
Which will be better for me if I am weak in the theoretical part, an MBA in international business or an MBA in finance or operations?
What is a discounted value?
What's a good asset allocation given current (mid-2017) asset levels?
Can veterans get loans?
How should NPV time period be determined?
Why are the CWAs and CS not given the authority to conduct statutory audit in India?
What should I pursue, an MBA in IT, marketing or finance?
Why does a company issue corporate bonds?
What is the difference between crowd funding, Bonds and shares?
How can I get an internship at a private equity firm in high school?
What are some internships to prepare me for a career in private equity?
How did the collapse of the United States housing market in 2008 contribute to a worldwide recession?
Would someone with a political mindset excel at business-type subjects such as business, marketing, accounting and finance?
What is the meaning of arbitrage?
Why do economics/finance/accounting textbook like to use airline industry examples?
Why is Yahoo’s financial data download not working?
What are capital management services?
How does global elections and their results affects Foreign Exchange Reserves?
How do I become a great finance manager?
Is funding from the World Bank considered foreign capital?
How can a person who is investing in mutual funds make money? How does mutual fund banking operate?
How do growth and market cap contradict?
Is Spark reliable/safe for pipelining financial transactions?
Is a look at the P/E ratio of a company enough for a beginner to buy a share, or does it throw a light on the decision to buy?
How does one find a mentor in value investing?
The NAV value difference for growth and dividend plans is more than double for a particular mutual fund scheme. How should I understand this?
Would becoming a certified financial planner help advance someone’s career if he/she is in an IT/data science-related role?
What are the rules of option trading?
Do salaries payable get transferred to income statement expense?
Is it a good idea to use APV instead of DCF for stocks?
If the earnings call is tomorrow, what are the indicators today that a stock may go up or down?
Is this data science major good to go for? If so, should I major in it with finance or accounting?
Who are the members of finance commission?
What formula gives odds required for break even given a strike rate and percentage of bank bet?
Which course is better MBA (finance) or ICWA?
What would Mr Ganesh N. Prabhu say is a better pick among the old IIMs for someone who wants to get into investment banking (debt syndication) or private debt?
How are job prospects different in finance vs accounting?
How can I convert my auto registration to "commercial" when my loan finance company says, "no"?
Is it possible to negotiate different interest rates? Is it possible for me to take a loan in some European countries and take that money and apply it?
Which mutual fund is best for higher returns with a higher risk in the next two to three years?
Is it advisable to sell property worth 1.5 crore and invest the capital in a mutual fund?
Any online community for finance history?
Which method of accounting is used to prepare a consolidated financial statement?
When a finance company takes a car out of a chapter 13, can it be repossessed?
Where can I practice Financial statements online from scratch?
What are some good dividend paying mutual funds?
Is it worth putting dreams on hold for financial stability?
Can we use information that is available from the stock exchanges for a YouTube channel that imparts knowledge about finance or is getting their prior approval required?
Is it true that passive managers outperform active managers?
Will a decrease in the assets be regarded as a loss for a business firm?
Which debt to equity ratio should I use for a weighted average cost of capital in this case?
Can I use Go Fund Me to raise money to buy traffic to my website?
I completed my MBA in finance and I had an interest in an SAP course. Which one is better?
Why do interest rates affect investment levels?
Do ABD undergrads get MA/PhD roles in tech/quantitative finance firms?
Michael Cheng, wouldn't changing the interest rate mid-contract (absent a specific formula within a contract) nullify "meeting of the minds"?
Which major should I choose in order to excel financially in the future, supply chain management or finance? I need advice.
Which accounts appear in the statement of income and also appear in the statement of financial position?
How much funds are required to start one’s own finance firm?
How to calculate the expected Return of the market?
Is the recession back in Indian IT in the financial year of 2017?
What's the finance industry like in Italy?
How can I achieve the level of an average PhD in economics or finance?
Does capital punishment exist for financial crimes in the United States? Should it?
What are registration charges, annual charges and other charges for SBI Mutual Fund?
Who should be considered primarily responsible for financial bubbles, lenders or debtors?
Where can I learn about the ins and outs of financing a business without pursuing an MBA?
What is the average commission rate for financial planners?
What is the difference between an asset-based sukuk and an asset-backed sukuk in Islamic banking?
How many websites sell mutual funds in India?
Which bank in Seattle has the best interest rates/per annum?
How do banks decide to sanction loans?
Who insures the loans given by banks?
What were the UN financial crises?
Is there a good resource to calculate total return of a mutual fund over a particular timeframe?
How can I earn 1 million dollars in 7 years with my current position?
How much interest do you have in Microsoftoffice2016?
How is probability calculated in CAPM problems?
Which is the best free website for fundamental positional stocks for the short-term?
Which is the best mutual fund that gives a maximum return in India?
What are some new types/flavours of debt instruments for corporates?
What are the different types of cashflow finance available to SMEs in the UK?
How is the price of supply determined for the banking and financial services?
How is the life of hedge fund managers?
How can I earn in the stock market including in mutual funds as a part-time trader with minimum investment? I am working also.
What is the best paying entry-level job for a finance student? Excluding rare jobs that only 1 in a million people get.
How does uncovered interest rate parity work?
As of May 2017, is $SNAP overvalued or undervalued?
Which is the best book on business valuation and why?
When a bank has a fixed charge on an asset and another has both a floating and fixed charge over the asset of a company, what happens during liquidation?
What tools/methods do you use to manage cash flow?
How do foreign countries handle non-performing assets? I'm from India.
I want to sell my current house to buy a bigger one. Should all the money go into the down payment?
What is the best way to learn to do financial modelling for mine planning?
How can a data refinement service help the finance and banking industries?
Which cryptocurrency has the fastest rising interest rates?
How can I get the annualized rate of return for my portfolio in Google Finance?
Why do Japanese fund managers want to buy negative-yielding bonds?
What are the risks associated with investing money in mutual funds?
What are some finance uses of logic programming?
Does equipment financing falls within ASC 606?
What does $100 billion in assets mean?
Would you leave your specialist role in finance and take a strategy role at a startup with no equity for half the pay?
How can I connect my PhD in Finance dissertation topic to the startup world?
How safe is online investment through ArthaYantra or Goalwise? Which is the best online investment adviser?
What is the difference between a bubble created by assets and a bubble created by debt?
Who is the best finance consultant in Mumbai?
What are the best (industry acceptance, ROI) short term courses / certifications for a fresher (B.Com.) aiming for a career in economics / finance?
How can I calculate a bond's default risk premium?
How does rainfall pattern affect the stock market in India?
In accounting, what are the rules to determine whether to debit or credit an account?
When mutual fund managers buy a stock do they buy at the market price or by using a limit?
Is it reasonable to assume that most mutual funds will outperform its benchmark index?
What is a Fibonacci level volatility breakout setup?
Who are the largest energy-focused private equity firms?
What is the optimal AUM for hedge funds?
Which is the best stock to buy for mutual fund?
What is the present value of a single premium life annuity with 10 years guaranteed?
What is the difference between an option and a rights issue?
What is the difference between the term finance and financial?
Are there tax payments on inventories on balance sheets?
What are the currently best performing Mutual Fund to invest in India?
Are there any investment banking jobs in Sweden?
What does it take to set up a hedge fund in China for a European? Is it worth it?
Is there a legal and moral way to make money without providing any value?
How do I compare the interest rates of the loans offered at two banks from different countries?
Is there objectivity in accounting and financial disclosures?
What is drawdown within the context of a loan?
What industries, besides finance, will benefit most from the blockchain and how?
How does stock exchange calculate share rates?
Right now, I am an active equity trader of intraday. What are the benefits for me if I shift to futures or options trading?
In which mutual fund can I invest a lump sum of 30,000 INR for just over a year, that has good returns and a moderately high risk?
Is there a financial relationship between the CA board of medicine and the PACE Program at UCSD?
What are the best Finance and stock books for a 17y old?
How does Green bonds work for Saudi's Sharia compliant market for wind power assets?
Do NGOs prepare accounts on an accrual basis or cash basis under the Companies Act 2013?
How is MDI for Finance (specifically for I-banking)?
How hard is it to become Associate 3 when you work in investment banking?
Is it possible to learn finance by oneself by reading books, than going to a B-School?
How do you control credit risk?
What are the home interest rates today?
What are ways to become a financial analyst?
In order to create a cash flow projection, is there some way to project using a formula based off of actual data like the past 12 months P&L?
Are there short-term and/or long-term opportunities for arbitrage on the capital markets as a result from Director Comey's termination?
Do I want to become a mutual fund agent in India? Which course is best for me?
What are the scopes for B.Com. in finance?
Which mutual fund in India will give the best returns over the next 15 to 20 years?
Let's say you've invested $100k, and it's the 2008 recession. What happens to your investment in a low-cost index fund like Vanguard during a recession?
Pakistan has close to a 204 billion dollar debt, for a 275 billion dollar economy. At what rate is the debt increasing?
Can I work in finance with a master’s degree in mathematical economics and econometrics? What areas can I work in?
I have $1,000,000 currently. I'm 18 yrs old. How should I invest this 1M to become a billionaire?
Are working capital and operating costs the same thing?
How is the MBA finance program at CMS Business School Jain University?
What is arranging finance for a transaction?
What is the scope of B.Com international finance?
How many multiples of salary can I get for a personal loan?
What is the man made law to limit the amount of money in circulation? (so, where is the need for financial crisis?)
What are the countries where a Financial Risk Manger (FRM) can get jobs?
Does the marketplace generally reward good enough or excellence more?
Investment bankers: What are your opinions on George Soros?
How does the income statement get built?
How can I invest in corporate FDs?
Can I directly pursue an equity research analyst post after my BBA on finance?
What are the skills and qualifications of Wall Street investment bankers?
What are the low investment high efficient projects?
What is the best study method for finance students?
What is a good mutual fund in India to start SIP?
What is the most preferred finance qualification?
What is a financial API used for?
How well is machine learning suited to deal with behavioral biases in finance?
Whats the difference between rate fences and discount?
What are the chances of getting a banking job/mutual fund ops jobs abroad?
Which 10 nations have the most gold assets as their national financial reserve at this moment?
Are there any successful hedge fund managers that started their funds without prior institutional experience?
Should I switch from an SBI Magnum Midcap Fund to a Mirae Asset I Emerging Bluechip Fund or an L&T Midcap Fund, or DSP small&midcap fund? (Time horizon 10 years. invested in SBI Midcap for the last 2 years.)
How do you find the present value of an investment when the information provided consists of the costs and the salvage value of the investment?
Why do we deduct non-trade investment in the calculation of capital employed?
Do hand traders still exist outside of retail traders?
Is investing in mutual funds for a 39-year-old a good idea?
What is the most instructive book on bond trading?
How do I arbitrage when the spot price is more than the futures price?
I did an MBA in finance. Which course should I do to get a good job in Canada or Dubai?
Am I allowed to intern for two financial services firms at the same time or is that a conflict of interest or a breach of confidentiality?
Why is there a lack of liquidity in the Indian bond market?
I'm planning on majoring in finance, someone provide me with a decent sized list of books that I should read?
Is it a good time to buy mutual funds today 15th May 2017 or should we wait for a few weeks?
What are the short stories about The Beautiful Lie?
How do you get all the historic and current NAV of mutual fund schemes and NAV on a daily basis to be used for a web/Android/iOS application?
Will a finance degree soon be worthless?
What is a single good book you would recommend reading about personal finance?
How can a bank engage people to invest more of their surplus cash to mutual funds and shares than normal savings accounts?
What's the point of comparing the BVPS to the share price?
What's the new industry that is the most worthy of investment this year?
How should I start a compounding interest fund right now?
Which short term mutual funds are good?
What was the interest rates on FD in SBI during 2011-16 yearwise?
What is the best way to access the finance job market in Germany for foreigners?
Is it worth getting a personal loan to invest in Ethereum?
What are the various distance learning courses available for a Finance professional in India?
If FP&A jobs will be commoditized by ML and low wage developing countries, what parellel should I move into that will leverage my MBA and MS-Finance?
How can startups manage deals with large enterprises that hurt cash flow because of long sales cycles and slow payments?
Is everything before "EBT" tax deductible?
My age is 34+. My monthly take home is 60k. What will be the best financial planning for me?
Which is the best field in CA, indirect tax or finance?
How do I manage all these: creating value for others, helping them, time spent, and money to be invested?
Is borrowing money from a private lender a good way to get capital to flip a house?
What is your view to the Noble Group (CGP) current financial situation? How do you rate its bond value?
What type of options have unlimited risk? Why?
What is the best time to redeem mutual fund?
What are the platforms available through which I can start investing? What are the funds and the monthly or annual plans to be considered?
Why do people still invest in or work for Goldman Sachs when everybody knows that they are evil?
Which funds give higher returns in the long term (about 5 years): tax saver funds or normal SIPs?
Why would Trump eliminate the AMT as well as state/local tax deductions?
How do you create a hedge fund?
Is it necessary to show profit or loss on the sale of a fixed asset as an exceptional item as per AS-5?
Is an MBA in finance worth doing for a person lacking communication skills?
Is equity investment a gamble?
Is the transfer of debt funds to be deducted while calculating the book profit under MAT?
Are small companies allowed to issue debt securities?
What's the best way to monitor daily personal cash flow?
Can I do a master’s in finance after a B.Tech?
Can commercial papers be issued for bridge financing?
What is the study material for getting a mutual fund certification?
What is the best name for a new loan advisor service firm? I want to open a loan advisory firm.
Are the moral hazards and short-term bursts of rewards that caused the financial crisis still in existence?
Why wouldn't a millionare create his own bank and borrow from the Central Bank at the lowest possible interest rate?
Which is the best post-graduation or master’s course other than an MBA and a M.Com in Mumbai in the three-field of banking and finance?
How does America finance special education?
What financial instruments can potentially double your investment?
What is the best magazine for stock traders?
If I plan to do MBA (finance) from foreign after engineering. Where should I do my internships?
Why did the Central Bank issue debt funds on behalf of the government?
What kinds of experiences do I need more of if I want to be a quant in the future? Internship experience or research experience?
Can mutual funds be considered as stocks?
What are the most recent topics in Islamic finance for my thesis?
How do I issue different types & of equity & tranches of debt to investors in my startup?
Why do most traders lose money on Forex?
How much are the post office fixed deposit interest rates?
Which banks are providing education loans without any surety in India?
Can an MBA who recently joined IT side of a bank switch to banking sector with FRM/CFA certification?
What should I know before investing in an IPO in the Indian market, being a trader who is looking for a short term entry for immediate profits?
What are some things to do at a summer job in the banking/financial sector?
What are the differences between appreciation and depreciation of rupee?
Where can I find free downloadable historical prices of FTSE 100 and FTSE MIB indexes?
Who can become a preference shareholder?
Which specialization would be better with MBA in Research and Business Analytics - Finance, Operations or Marketing?
What is the rank that will take me to a BSE in finance at NMIMS?
What is the technique Bhartiya Niveshak use to analyze the financial report of a company?
How does the stock price movement effect the company/ owner after listing?
What does an advisory firm do?
Is there any risk in investing in an SIP mutual fund through Oro Wealth?
What is meant by financial widening?
What are financial workouts and how can we buy such security today?
What are best practices (in terms of handling finance) a startup should follow?
What if the capital adequacy ratio is higher than the percentage that’s stipulated by RBI (9%)?
Is there any job for an MBA (finance) fresher in Dehradun?
As a new investor, what should I know about equity investment?
Does someone need to lose money for you to gain in stocks or everyone can gain together too?
Why do we take the change in stock into account while calculating the total value added by firm?
How do I get a role which deals with handling finance in TCS?
What career opportunities are there there for people interested in Finance and Data Analytics?
What are likely to be the variable costs for an airline, such as Southwest Airlines. Also, what are the fixed costs likely to be?
What are the system functionalities required for a trade & settlement clearing system?
Under what conditions does a company issue eurobonds?
Why is UJJIVAN financial services stock falling?
What are the disadvantages of working on Wall Street?
Which is the best for an investor, either equity shares or mutual funds?
How do traders manage risk (or stop loss) if buy signals keep generating but price keep falling?
How is ICoFP College in Delhi for a finance course? I am a fresh graduate without any work experience. Is it worth the money, and how can I get admission?
What are the most common ways for new entrepreneurs to raise funds without personal or family wealth?
What are the factors limiting foreign capital inflow into a country?
Given the current Indian market condition (NIFTY ~9500), does it make sense to hedge my mutual fund position by selling NIFTY futures?
Do all hedge funds do DCFs?
Are there some Asian market funds that are independent from the US market?
What is the switch cost of an ICICI mutual fund?
We are a debt fund that provides growth capital to SaaS companies. How do we identify bootstrapped companies that do not want to give up equity?
How can I get the remaining amount from a provident fund?
What is the likelihood that a private equity firm, in a minority investment, will exercise their drag-along right against the wishes of management?
Can a Filipino fund his account in Poloniex and how?
How are the rates of rupee vs dollar fixed and regulated?
What are some characteristics of the different types of expenditures?
How do I buy mutual funds from an SBI demat account? What is the best demat account to buy/maintain mutual funds in India?
What is the importance of cash flow analysis?
A bank will lend 80% of $10 million required to purchase a business. Aside from my talent to run it, what should I offer an investor to put up the other $2 million?
Is there a "unicorn map" for follow-on offering?
Why do companies invest in the stock market?
What is better, paying a home loan by adding more money to the principal and getting rid of the debt or using the extra money in stocks, mutual funds, etc.?
Why are cash flow statements so important to investors?
Where can I find an Excel template that I can use for a financial consolidation, budget and planning?
Which mutual fund performance measurement ratios (Sharpe, Treynor, sorting, information, alpha) give the best advice regarding risk-return characteristics?
Does financial engineering from IFMR provide a higher package than general finance? If yes, how much is the difference?
What are the best books and/or magazines in finance and economics that a newbie should read?
How do I find distribution ranges in financial charts?
Is quantitative analysis suitable for long-term investments (1-24 months)?
Will having therapy sessions affect my financial future?
What are the differences between these positions: CFO, controller, director of internal auditing, treasurer and a vice president of finance?
Is it possible to transfer USD out of the Kraken cryptocurrency exchange?
What justifies the historical cost concept in accounting (i.e., why are assets recorded at the amount at which they are acquired)?
What are the differences between a CA and an MBA in finance?
What is the scope for a guy with a PGDM in finance currently working as a BA in an IT firm if he wants to switch to finance?
Is MBA in finance a good option after graduation​ in arts?
How reliable are companies’ financial reports?
What happens if much of Chinese money lent to infrastructure projects in developing countries does not pay off, as reflected in the credit ratings?
What are some tips to learn about finance?
Are a company’s financials public?
What is the future of an MBA graduate in banking and finance with an experience in the BPO industry?
What is the difference between face value and purchase price for a bond?
How does one get a remote job (possibly over the ocean) at a hedge fund / financial institution, working as a C++ developer?
How do I prepare for OBC bank specialist officer professional portion (finance)?
What are the best books to increase my skills in Finance?
What's behind Snapchat's financial difficulties? And does this matter to us, the consumer?
Which fund should I choose- Franklin India High Growth Companies, Kotak Select Focus Fund or ICICI Prudential Value Discovery Fund?
Which are the best courses after graduation to get job in banking stream?
Do you consider Liverpool city as a top location taking in consideration risk/return and capital growth potential?
What is the interest rate in a PPF?
What is the best way to invest money in mutual funds for beginners?
What are the basic terms used by regular traders?
What does your typical day look like at work (accounting, science, and finance majors)?
Did you wrote about managing cost of capital, return on capital, growth and how they are all interrelated?
What are the events that will lead to a financial crisis?
What according to you is the best way to invest? Should one go for options, equity or commodities?
What is the significance of “earnings per share”?
What is a Masala bond, and how is it different from other types of bonds?
Why don't we add long term debt to free cash flow?
What does the term "Visa expedition funds are not available for this position" mean exactly?
How can I invest 100,000 RS in mutual funds for a period of 1 year? What are the return chances?
Who are the best operational and financial benchmarking players?
What characteristics does a healthy income statement have?
How do I arrange finance for any startup?
If one wants to work for a large investment bank, is it a bad idea to take an internship at a small (not great) wealth manager as an analyst?
How can one read websites offline?
How come investment banking is a very hot trend in some cities and states, but in other areas the demand for investment bankers is slim to none?
What risks does the issuance of senior unsecured bonds have on the company and on the shareholders and stock price?
Which are the best courses offered in MS finance in order to get into investment banking functions?
Is it common that investors ask for total investment amount and debt/equity ratio for project evaluation before entering into NDA?
Is 34 too late to study finance?
If the federal reserve could loan unlimited amounts of money to the US government, then why are many Republicans against government spending?
In the context of Indian economy, what is the difference between small finance and micro finance?
In the ‘08/’09 crisis, how was it that the banks needed a bailout?
Why is interest expense not a component of OCF?
What salary can one expect after MBA in finance in India?
How can a beginning CEO start their financial company in Manhattan on Wall Street if they are willing to invest $400k into their company?
What investment requires a lot of capital but offers a high rate of return?
What is offer for sale & how does it affect the company?
Is it worth doing both an MS in finance and an MBA?
What measures can foreign bond-holders of defaulted sovereign bonds such as Puerto Rican bonds take given that local laws are unenforceable?
What are the different type of maths required for financial engineer?
How does a private finance initiative compare to public private partnerships?
Would you choose a major investment bank, a large hedge fund, or a smaller quant fund for your first quantitative job?
If I want to buy $1,000 of ABC shares in 1 year via a futures contract, how much do I have to pay for the futures contract?
How is the P/E ratio counted? How can one find out if a company is growing?
What are the advantages of using Sharekhan brokerage for mutual fund SIP over banks?
Is it worth to attend an MBA with major in Finance at Wharton if I already have a MS in Finance?
What would you do if your government took no income tax?
When will you sell a bond with a discount?
How is security released in Project Finance?
A money lender charges 'interest' at the rate of 3 rupees per 100 rupees per month, payable in advance. What effective rate does he charge per annum?
What is reserve deposit ratio in simple terms?
Which is better for Finance, IFMR, Sri City or NIBM, Pune (also mention the profiles offered by companies and hostel facilities)?
How many tax saving FDs can we publish in one financial year?
What do I have to study or do in terms of working experience to get hired by a hedge fund?
How do I know the PE ratio for the banking industry?
Are VPNs/proxies useful in preventing credit fraud?
Will taking the Series 7 help me get a job in trading or in investment banking?
Will workers in the finance industry be replaced by AI (machine learning)?
Is retail arbitrage illegal? If so, what are some ways to prevent getting in trouble from retail arbitrage?
Is it economically possible to end world poverty?
What are some good books/websites for a teenager to become financially aware?
Which mutual fund should I choose as a first timer?
What is the strategy for the MP government behind changing their financial year to January-December since 2018?
What has been your experience in assessing the viability of smart contracts becoming financial instruments?
What if we are quite perplexed regarding our career in terms of financial outcomes?
Why are major brokerage firms suggesting alternative investments in client portfolios?
Which firm in the financial capital of India (Mumbai) can help medium-sized enterprises with M&A?
What was the financial scam in the movie The Accountant?
What is the additional course done along with MBA finance?
How does the Fedwire funds and automated clearing funds service work?
What type of mutual funds are for income tax saving purpose?
How do you calculate an amalgamation balance sheet?
Are futures the most volatile asset class compared to equities and forex?
What is the purpose of financial innovation?
Would the stock market be profitable long-term if all humans started investing?
What should be the ideal savings/expenses ratio?
Why did you become proficient in personal finance?
In which stream of financial selling can we earn more, the banking or non-banking financial sector?
Can a company borrow funds from a bank and distribute it as dividends to shareholders?
If I have a large brokerage account would it be advantageous to start an investment fund for tax purposes?
Do any business or finance podcasts give valuable information or do they just talk like they know business and finance?
How is private equity calculated?
Is implied volatility an estimate of how much the option price will change in relation to stock price changes?
How does dental financing work?
What is the logic behind using the 2 standard deviation in binomial interest rate model for fixed income security valuation?
What do I need to learn first before attempting to interpret balance sheets?
In books of accounts, can mutual funds be considered as stocks?
Why are mutual funds better than bonds?
You are asked to formulate a 5-year global investment strategy for an investment fund. In this post-crisis economic environment, what would you do?
In which sectors are mid-cap funds invested?
Can a dealership change a contract after it is funded by the bank?
I have a few friends who want me to manage their money and I want to set up a small hedge fund to do this. Are there any legal/other barriers (in UK)?
What career prospects are there to pursue a PhD in finance?
Is the completion of CA enough to enter the investment banking industry?
Does Poloniex assign random interest rates to your bitcoin if you leave them untouched in the lending pool?
Do you know about any one-year part time diploma courses in banking and finance, or investment banking for one year in Delhi?
How do websites create a cash flow?
Which are the best courses in MS finance in order to get into investment banking function?
Which dealer or shop in Dehradun offers an RO water purifier through Capital First Finance?
Is the expense ratio of a mutual fund reflected in the price?
What are the top business schools in Andhra Pradesh for an MBA in finance and their respective fee structures?
What is the difference between government audit and statutory audit?
Negative interest rate sounds awkward. What is the economic rationale?
A contract requires a meeting of the minds to be valid, and yet financial institutions can change interest rates and fees. Why?
Is it better to invest in mutual funds or property in Pakistan?
Is a large derivative market beneficial for society?
What caused the financial crisis?
As an international student, how would you compare an MBA finance from Denmark, in terms of job prospects, to prior to having that?
Is the HDFC Prudence Mutual Fund with a monthly dividend a good scheme to invest in for the long term? Do they provide 1% for the long term?
What are the pros and cons of investing in a direct mutual fund and in a regular mutual fund?
Are sovereign wealth funds regulated?
What are easy newspapers for graduates aspiring finance?
What are the best ways to invest money?
Does the NCFM module, which is given by NSE after registration, contain formulas for solving numerical problems like derivatives, mutual funds, brokerage, etc.?
Can I invest in Can Fin Homes LTD, for housing finance?
Which MBA stream is better for a female, HR or finance?
What is the income of mutual fund houses?
What is algo trading and how does it work?
What help would a large banking corporation need from an advisor, based in India, to setup new business targeting financial inclusion?
What are the financial objectives of any organization?
Is a bet for Berkshire Hathaway a bet against technology?
What is the present value of future amount?
What are some jobs available for electrical students at Power Finance Corporation?
Why did the financial crisis happen in 2008?
How do I set up my own auto-trading system for the Indian stock exchange?
How do I maintain an investment account?
To what extent digitalization can commoditize M&A advisory?
What is the best and easiest way to switch from a regular mutual fund plan to a direct plan?
In simple terms, what lead to Enron's bankruptcy?
Would you invest in a game developer?
Is mutual fund investment a safe option for beginners in trading?
What is the difference between trading, a mutual fund, and IPOs?
What do you think will happen to cryptocurrencies in the event of a financial crisis? Are there any correlations established so far?
Why have capital markets not provided adequate financing for senior housing projects?
Is there a lot of math in finance undergrad and careers?
After the crisis, what is the most common way that banks use to short government debt (short end of curve), reverse repo or borrowing the asset?
What is the best financial software for a back office among Misys Summit, Calypso, K+TP, etc.?
Is the Bayesian hierarchical model useful in the industry or finance?
What topics in math will be taught in an undergraduate course in economics or finance?
What is harder between finance and economics?
What can I do if I need help with security deposit?
What are the implications of the Volatility Index (VIX) dropping to its lowest value?
Are SIPs a better option than lump-sum mutual funds?
I’m currently an MC analyst with Accenture in the US. I want to work in investment management (Asset management, PE, IB). Should I take the CAIA or CFA?
Can any Charitable Society invest its surplus money in mutual funds?
What is a good volatility trade for limited but expendable cash?
How do HFT firms make money (in equity segment) in India in spite of STT?
Why would a firm not use its weighted average cost of capital (WACC) to evaluate all proposed investments?
Homework: What is the effect of squaring beta of securities?
What is the US’s current real interest rate?
What are the green bonds, and why are they different from the regular bonds?
Can a person make $1 million in 2 years in the stock market?
How will Wall Street change if Bitcoin becomes stronger?
Which is the best mutual fund to invest in at this time (approx. 10 lakhs) for no more than 3 years and at a moderate risk?
Why do banks charge for rewriting interest rates for an existing loan?
How does Murex calculate financial cost and hence the economic P&L from an accounting P&L?
Is FinTech a good industry for startups?
How did Ray Dalio manage a 14.2% return during the financial meltdown?
Which add on and certification courses should I do related to finance to improve my profile for an MBA abroad?
Is Agora Financial UK Ltd. legit?
Which is the best mutual fund option for investment?
